The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 10.—Vol. IV. NOVEMBER 1917. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor : DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS PAGE Lingual Psychology—XII. A Detailed Moment of Consciousness.   By D. Marsden   ....   145 Reflections on Contemporary Poetry.   By T. S. Eliot   151 Serial Story—Tarr: and Epilogue.   By Wyndham Notes  Taken in Constantinople and  Sofia.    By PAGE Elizabethan Classicists—III.   By Ezra Pound..   154 Passing Paris.   By Madame Ciolkowska...   156 Passing Clouds.   By Yone Noguchi ....   156 " Pay Agatha Penrhys.. ."   By Iris Barry..   157 My England Again.   By M. C.. ..      .158 The Baron of Jauioz.   Translated by S. F. Mil man.   159 Correspondence      .......   159 XII. A DETAILED MOMENT OF CONSCIOUSNESS By D. Marsden (1) OUR reason for inserting a survey of a section of mind at this stage of our series of studies is that we require such a description in order to define the functions of memory and volition. Our interpretation of these functions is largely determined by our conception of vital activity as a whole. From our point of view, the task of defining them assumes easy proportions once the general character of the vital flux has been made clear, and to this end comprehensive surveys of specific states of the vital mechanism obtaining from moment to moment become a necessity. (2) Our first intention was to describe the microscopical details of the narrative we append as a transverse section of consciousness. The title seemed to suggest just such a typical cut through the flux of time as this which we had been attempting to bring under the influences of microscopic examination. However, as consciousness is an unceasing flow, no period of consciousness can be possessed of those static features which characterize an ordinary materialized section, and it will be more literally exact to say that the narrative presents a minute length of the time-stream as this appears under the magnifying influence of concentrated attention: concentrated attention itself being simply an intensive application of symbolizing agencies. (3) It may perhaps be advisable to prelude our account by provisional definitions of Time and Consciousness. The definition of Time will be reviewed in a subsequent detailed study of Time, while that of Consciousness, being an elemental factor of our whole philosophy, will be under revision in every study of the specialized functions of mind. Provisionally then let us define Time as follows: Time is the conventional symbol which has been framed to indicate those total schemes of movement comprehensive of every variety and combination of movement obtaining in the fibres of the living organism. Time therefore is synonymous with effort: with that total expenditure of force which sustains the flux of movement in all its forms. (4) Consciousness is the name given to those limited and select forms of organic movement which attain to the pre-eminence of being attached to some symbol or marking-agency. Conscious forms are therefore those time-forms which fall into the favoured position of being individually symbolized: which is to say: of being attended to. The archetype of all symbols being words, and Time being a conscious fact only in virtue of its attachment to a symbol, there is a quite logical sense in which it can be said that Time itself is the offshoot of words: a logical product. Thus not only is language responsible for the piecemeal existence of Time as a continually renewed fact, but in the elasticity of language there exists the source from whence materials for the construction of Time's most subtle elements, i.e. Time, Past and Future, have to be drawn. The infinitizing as well as the de-individualizing of Time is, so to say, a trick which the elasticity of language invites and makes possible. The latter thus makes itself responsible for the most delicately subtle of all metaphysical problems. At this point, for the present, the subject must be left. (5) There is one feature of the theory of vitalism we adopt which requires notice. We assume—as is usual—that every mental phenomenon has at least one physical aspect, and this not by virtue of any parallelism between the physical and the psychical. On the contrary, we consider the antithetical relation between the two, which parallelism implies, to be nothing less than a psychological monstrosity. In view, therefore, of the almost universal acquiescence in the soundness of this relationship, a sceptical attitude towards it requires comment. (6) We hold the antithesis named to be the outcome of a logical confusion lurking in an assumption which on examination, proves to be without warrant.   It ##146__THE EGOIST November 1917 is assumed that a radical and exhaustive division is possible between phenomena which are psychical and all remaining phenomena which are physical. From this assumption rises all subsequent confusion. The assumption obviously is in error, for there can be no conceivable form of phenomenon which is not psychical. Any phenomenon, be it physical or psychic, is something which is felt. Only as component elements in the landscape of feeling have phenomena either meaning or existence. Inasmuch as they exist at all, all forms of fact exist as units of the world of sensation and feeling. All forms of fact are therefore vital: which is to say psychic. (7) If then it is proposed to assert a physical character in respect of phenomena such physicality may not in any sense be an alternative to the psychical. The latter is primary, essential, and admissive of no displacement. Physicality, whatever else it is, must be a distinction added to the psychical. Any sound logical division of phenomena must therefore take this form : All phenomena are psychical ; Some of these may present a special characteristic, i.e. physicality ; The rest (as yet) fail to show this characteristic, i.e. they are (as yet) purely psychical. (8) The next question to present itself obviously is: What is the essential condition constitutive of physicality? The answer to this question is far from being obvious. It does not help us any to say, for instance, that in order for a form to be possessed of physicality it must have a materialized form, or be measurable, or be sensible to the vital faculties. " Material " is a highly dubious term in itself: to be measurable is obviously a secondary process based on some quality much more primary, while all forms of phenomena—even the most occult of psychic forms—are sensible to the faculties. Unmistakably, for instance, I can see with my eyes, hear with my ears, can feel, taste, smell, with the appropriate sense-organs purely psychic images which have existence only in the privacy of my own imagination. The genius of physicality therefore must reside in something which is slightly different : (9) Facts rise to the physical level which science loves when they present an aspect which overleaps the privacy of the individual mind, so that they admit of examination by more minds than one. A fact becomes physical whenever it wears an aspect the account of whose particular form is amenable to corroboration by more than one witness. Physicality is a condition wholly concerned with concurrence of testimony. The love of science for the physical therefore is not a love for the gross and palpable in itself. It is animated by a feeling identical with that which, for instance, informs all human systems of justice, cropping up indeed in every walk of life. It has to do with the necessariness of independent witness. The feeling is directly corollary to the fact that in all the affairs of life, one man's individual version stands at a discount, and in respect of this feeling psychology can form no exception. Introspection, which at present is essentially a one-man's version: while it is primary, invaluable, and irreplaceable: is nevertheless suspect, and though artists of power are able to produce effects of verisimilitude, their products still remain like truth. They cannot rank as truth. (10) Why then do we rely on them, encouraging them, and yielding to them the highest degree of honour? It is on the principle which makes men consider half a loaf better than no bread. If it were possible to invest purely psychic facts with physicality, i.e. with an aspect admitting of general examination, men would do so. They are in fact constantly seeking to do so. But just as a physical fact is essentially one whose characteristics can be cooperatively observed, so is a purely psychic fact one whose features are decipherable individually only. (11) The richest field for co-operative observation lies, of course, in the external world, where it pursues a  progressively  strengthening  career.   More  and more processes formerly occult are swept into the sphere of common scrutiny and common knowledge. Co-operatively verified facts increase apace in the external world.   But the very internality of the inner world is constituted of this fact:   that the vast majority of its workings are hidden and secret: known, if known at all, only to the individual whose life they constitute.   Therefore, for the vast majority of these inner happenings we have to rely upon individual testimony, and as these are almost infinitely more varied and interesting than the external facts open to common knowledge, the tale of them is a valued gift even though it perforce appears in unverified form.   If, moreover, the teller is one of the genuinely curious of the earth, truthful as well as able, the world ultimately sets no mean price upon his performances. (12) This, however, does not alter the fact that men desire some co-operatively verifiable aspect, no matter how bald and meagre—should such be obtainable. The question for science therefore is: Is such an aspect obtainable? The answer seems to be that there is a conceivable possibility with, at present, nothing beyond. On the hypothesis, for instance, that every species of thought and feeling has as its basis definite movements in the organic tissues; that all these movements enact themselves by way of stimulation passing through the cells and fibres of the nervous system; and finally, that the substance of the nervous system may conceivably be brought, while still in normal working condition, within the sphere of independent scrutiny, on such a hypothesis there exists a bare possibility. Taking the normal workings of the nervous system as an integral part of feeling, if our knowledge of this system could be rendered perfect, we should possess in this single aspect not only a means of control over the whole universe of feeling, but in addition an alphabet, as it were, out of which could be spun a significant controlling system of symbols to which the connotation: all that they imply that is: would be furnished by an account introspectively. acquired. In such circumstances, where a fixed molecular change implied a fixed psychic effect, there would exist a means of checking—by a comparison of individual accounts— the introspective versions. Artist-work would be necessary as before, but in contrast to present disabilities it would be amenable to corroboration. Introspective work would thus become verifiable and scientific, and the life of the mind would become a chain of physical facts: not degraded in quality but raised. (13) The obstacles in the way of a scheme scientifically so attractive are those which obviate against a perfected knowledge of the nervous system as a working instrument. It would be excessively pessimistic to say that these are insuperable, but it would be a quite moderate use of language to describe them as colossal. What we are concerned to ask from a microscopic examination of the organic system is a knowledge of the motor-system engaged in the act of creating forms of living feeling. But what actually exists for the microscope to work freely on is the dead body with its congealed trackways from whence motion—and, therefore, feeling—has fled. Even so, there exist, at present, limits to the power of the microscope itself. Science has, of course, devised various means for getting round its difficulties. In addition to careful delineation of dead tissues, it has set about studying, for instance, the psychic effects of specific wounds: those experimentally inflicted, as well as those inflicted by accident; it has experimented on living forms of organisms lower than ##November 1917 THE  EGOIST 147 man; and it has carefully observed degenerate human types in life, and after death compared the physical structure with those of the normal. Such work is far from being at the end of its resources. Moreover, this possible physical aspect apart, it is quite conceivable that feelings at present purely psychic may present aspects admitting of physical observation: emittent aspects of feeling such as those of vibration, for instance. We do not know. All such work is still at inception-point. It constitutes a slender but fascinating possibility rather than an accomplished fact. There certainly is no room for heart-burnings and jealousies concerning the merits of the two methods of observation: psychical and physical. All are—or should be—for the physical (i.e. corroborated version) when this shall be obtainable. Meanwhile we all know how to be thankful for the purely introspective and uncorroborated. (14) For two reasons then—one possibly momentary, the other certainly permanent—introspection must hold its own as the staple method of psychology. In the first place, the physical method is only one degree removed from the impossible; and in the second, the physical version, completed and perfected beyond the most sanguine hopes, would from its very character be so bald and bare that it would amount to little more than an alphabet: a symbol-system: to which a strict correspondence of connotations would be necessary. Such connotations, i.e. all that the symbols imply, would be furnished from introspective versions. The authors of the latter would be compelled to shape their credentials out of just such material as is available for them. When imagination is strong, its possessors hold control over that strong sign of authenticity, i.e. the accent possible only to the eye-witness. They actually see, hear, taste, smell, handle, and move in the facts of the imagination. To describe them with the accent of the real and not that of romance, all that is additionally necessary is precision, care, restraint, chariness over the glib words: the tags, catchwords, and technical stopgaps of phraseology, momentarily the fashion among those of their trade. With these aids they can get along tolerably well and save psychology from merely marking time. (15) These opening remarks will suffice to make clear just what assumptions are being made in the account which follows. This account is very far indeed from being exhaustive of the types of psychic detail which from time to time are available for notice by consciousness. My own personal experience is that we form mental images in every kind of sense-imagery. I find little to confirm a classification into types: as visualizers, audiles, tactiles, motiles, and the like: such as has, for instance, been built on the basis of Galton's fruitful work. Our view indeed of what is involved in the nature of language would militate strongly against any such classification. The fact that we use a comprehensive body of language symbolizing complex feelings of all varieties, necessarily reduces all normal persons to the supposed class of indifférents, among whom the different varieties of sense-imagery distribute themselves without preference other than the need of the moment over the mental landscape. It seems to me that much of the strong testimony quoted in support of the classifications named can either with ease be interpreted differently, or laid to the account of a strong prepossession in favour of a particular theory or—above all—put down to the excessively wide latitude personally allowed in the use of common speech. (16) There is one feature of the appended account upon which we should have liked to enlarge, i.e. the rapidity of the mental motions. A considerable amount of experiment in one shape and another has been carried on in relation to this subject. Comparing the results of these with my own findings, I take it that the very fact of experimenting infects the mental motions with unwonted mulishness and renders movement more sluggish than is normal. At all events I do not find my version of time-periods concurring with these experimentally found ones. The very actions used in the method of measuring (e.g. exerting pressure on a chronometer) would be lumbering and toilsome compared with many of the rapid transformations obtaining in the mental landscape. Let us take an instance. Consider first the length of time taken to utter audibly a concluding phrase—perhaps five words—in a sentence already well on its way; secondly, the time taken to articulate them inaudibly; then for them merely to flash through the mind, i.e. to form incipiently without making any defined articulations. The length of time thus occupied—whatever it might prove to be—was sufficient for a threefold transformation of mental attitude to obtain in one of the incidents recorded. We cannot here, however, add more on the subject. (17) The incidents recorded took place soon after I had arrived at a generalization as to the mode of origin of imaginary images, just at a time, therefore, when—in order to corroborate the theory—the mental habit of bearing back suddenly upon an existent state of consciousness to ascertain the manner of its genesis was in constant exercise. Having formed a decision, the desire for continued support (inverse of the dread of refutation) was perhaps more keen than scientific. However that may be, the effect was to produce a highly charged emotional atmosphere as far as the success or failure of this form of exercise was concerned. (18) The notes of the incident to be recorded were made the morning following its occurrence: " After working late, but not being consciously overtired, I had gone to bed and was lying perfectly still with closed eyes. I had no purposed intention of thinking but I was nevertheless quietly pursuing the train of thought upon which I had just been engaged. Without any conscious effort to sustain them, the words embodying the subject-matter were flowing in an easy stream until a considerable amount of ground had been covered. Suddenly, attention was arrested by a disturbance in the mental condition as a whole. It seemed that the train of thought was being held up in a confusion which was part blur and part scuffle. In the scuffle, the train of thought was worsted, for it promptly lost its command over the attention. Its place was taken by a picture: that of a face outlined and coloured with striking clearness." II (19) Nothing in this picture bore any immediate relation to the word-sequences which had composed the train of thought. It was an altogether amazingly sudden intrusion: utterly unheralded: and so out of harmony with the conditions into which it was thrust as to have the appearance of being causeless and generated out of the void. The stupefaction of surprise which its appearance caused broke up in the slowly articulated phrase: " How. .. on. .. earth. ..? " These sluggish words were to have preluded the phrase: ". .. did you get there? "— but before this second half could shape itself the whole mind had incontinently abandoned itself to an unreasoned agitation: a staggering sense of dismay: to which in swift recoil there was instituted a fierce lightning-like search into all the contents recently occupying the mind. (20) The heavy emotional stress with which this search was conducted is to be referred to (but not justified by: the extreme exaggeration and headiness have to be referred either to fatigue or to a too long run of easy success in this form of mental exercise) the fact already mentioned, that for a considerable time past every species of mental phenomenon had ##148 THE  EGOIST November 1917 been subjected to a scrutiny designed to show that all such phenomena can be produced only when preluded—accidentally or deliberately—by an enactment on the part of the organism of an imitation of some aspect associated with the thought or image subsequently produced. Hence, before the question as to the picture's origin had articulated itself fully even in thought, all available energy had been deployed to revive, and search amongst, the recent occupiers of mind. The speed of this resuscitating and scrutinizing process was enormous. Although ultimately exact definition of its state is not likely to prove too baffling for mechanical ingenuity, all that it is possible to assert on the strength of our own unassisted powers of observation is that the time-length occupied was almost infinitesimally short. Moreover, fear-impregnated as the searching-impulse was, it was amazingly efficient and thorough. (21) The manner in which this available vital force distributed itself while prosecuting the search is noteworthy. The mind as a whole was unified by a single purpose, but the practical execution of the latter necessitated a subdivision into various forces, each charged with a special function and capable of fructifying into independent imagery on its own lines. Apparently, the unity of consciousness can be a complex like that of an organ of sense in which many diverging movements co-operate in the effecting of a comprehensive scheme. So here in the case we are about to put under the psychological microscope: one store of energy appeared as bespoken for animating the " edifice " of the " vision," including every possible form of association capable of springing from it. Every such form was strongly energized in its incipient stages. This energy, however, was leashed in and inhibited in such a manner that no one detail could obsess the whole. The effect of continuing to hold such strong forces in their rudimentary stage was to endow them with the acutest sensibility for any element of a kindred character which might present itself. Should such appear, it would have the power automaticaly to discharge this pent-up and allied force. In contrast with this potentialized and, so to speak, waiting force, there was a stream of lightning-like energy engaged in a sweeping-back movement over every track ploughed up in consciousness during the recent train of thought.   With an illuminating action, and with indescribable rapidity, this lamp-like energy coursed back and unerringly lit up every word, phrase, and composite thought.   These were relit, however, only to be dropped back into obscurity, before they were well born.   Though the relighting of these items was the task of the second stream, their instantaneous discarding was a negative effect derived from the presence and negative action of the first,  or potentialized,  force at  the resurrection. Inasmuch as no single one of the energized details (sustained as these were " at full-cock and on hair-trigger ") discharged itself at the first onset of the revived forms, all kinship between them was automatically denied.   Kinship between them would have revealed itself in an instantaneous combining such as obtains, for instance, between steel and a magnet. Conversely, failure to combine disposes of all claim to kinship.   To this automatic and instantaneous method of issuing judgment the rapidity of the unearthing process was due.   No room was left for hesitancy,  doubt, or any debate in words.   The scrutinizing energy could sweep through its task unhindered as a strong wind would lift, sweep through and rifle some dense undergrowth. Presently, however, this hitherto tireless force halted. Its task was over. The field of search had been exhausted and nothing found. As for potentialized force, this was holding together as before, inhibited and unsatisfied, but now imitating the lead of its companion-force, the energy galvanizing this also gave way, and both schemes of effort sank back powerless under a sense of disappointment and dismay of which the poignancy amounted almost to despair.   An intense immediate effort had failed, while the shadow of failure had fallen upon a remoter but deeper and stronger effort.   Swept through and over by the organism's best energies, a simple affair of fact was negatively establishing an adverse judgment against an espoused theory.   A pervading sense of disaster entailing for a moment the numbness of paralysis became paramount and endured for a period long enough to make plain that despair is physically too intolerable to be other than fleeting.   Accordingly, this agonized immobility was shortly broken up by a phrase which must have been slowly forming itself out of such crippled forces as had remained available: "If the facts won't support it, I can say so"— an odd form of thought to be the first struck from a condition of spirit which—ludicrously disproportionate as its causes may seem—had momentarily touched the depths of mental suffering.   Significantly enough, however, its effect was instantaneous.   The effort of renunciation and confession, as with a breath, released the congealed forces and carried with it all the agitation and sting.   The state of mind ensuing was not cheerful but not wholly uncheerful.   It was quiet, restored and unbroken. (22) Almost immediately into this steadied condition broke the phrase: " It is still here. I've got a chance to look at it, and see what it is made of." [In this phrase the term " It " recurs three times, and, as instancing the rapidity with which even verbal images fructify in the mind (and conversely the relative slow-movingness of articulated thought), we can cite the fact that in each instance the connotation of " It " is slightly different. In the third and last employment of " It " the connotation is: thought-imagery in general; in the second it is: a particular specimen of thought-imagery; while in the first it means: the vision solely.,] To resume: during the tension of search and the subsequent distress of disappointment, the " vision " had been starved out of existence for lack of energy to sustain it, but these stronger currents having now subsided, it had re-established itself and—as far as could be ascertained—in an unaltered condition. The attentive energy, now with all its headiness taken from it, concentrated upon the picture. This last had very definite features. It was the face of an old pupil unseen and—almost certainly—unheard of for perhaps eight years. The face was and had been wholly familiar, but the apprehension of its familiarity had taken the form of an incipient placing of its associations rather than that of giving it a name. (23) The face seemed life-size, and was situated at such close quarters that it filled the entire field of vision. Allowing attention to run to details, I began to mark its features in a direction, so to say, from the circumference inwards and from above downwards. The items marked in turn were: a framework of cloudy dark hair, bright bird-like eyes, and a slightly abbreviated nose. Before this point in the observation-process was reached, however, there had dawned concurrently an intensifying apprehension of the face's aliveness: a characteristic conferred by its possession of a species of mobility like that of breathing. This factor of mobility had been vaguelv in evidence previously, but as attention closed in upon the neighbourhood of nose and mouth it became the most salient one, while upon passing from nose to mouth its agitated assertiveness revealed itself as the first stage of a complete storm of change which enacted itself instantaneously with the mental articulation of the word mouth. In this overturn of mental landscape and atmosphere, not only did the " vision " undergo radical transformation, but a complete revulsion of feeling established itself throughout the whole organism.   First as concerns the ##November 1917 THE   EGOIST 149 picture: The mouth still remained the focus of attention, but this feature had suddenly taken on a curious aspect comparable best perhaps to the mouthpiece of a trumpet. In conformity, the rest of the face had receded swiftly into a vague background, leaving the mouth stranded, as it were, prominently and alone in space. And—fact most essential of all— this modified pictured mouth had established the closest connexion between itself and the observer's own mouth. The two features seemed continuous parts of a single whole. (24) As regards feeling-tone: As we have already noted, the latter had up to this point been considerably chastened, but all that now belonged to the dead past. All the world had become a most pleasant place and life a very strenuous good thing. So completely indeed had this overturn of feeling established itself that even the " vision " and its features became secondary matters. They were ancient history too just because at a one unexpected stroke the manner of the vision's genesis had swum into view. From the integrating feature of the vision, i.e. its mouth, lines had plotted themselves out running right up to the seat of its origin, i.e. to a hitherto wholly subconscious condition of my own mouth. (25) To explain why this condition should have been competent to produce such an effect we shall have to revert to the original of the pictured face. The most ^distinctive feature of the girl with whom the picture alone could be identified was her mouth— a feature made noticeable on account of two not unpretty but rather prominent front teeth. No doubt because excessively conscious of the fact, it was the girl's habit after every remark to close the lips elaborately over the teeth, in which position they assumed a bunched-up and compressed appearance. Now this feature was reproduced in the " vision," and when attention approached it the swiftly intensifying degree of sensitiveness might have been taken as the sign that the scrutinizing energy was approaching the point from which the rest of the vision was projected and held in animation; and when attention fell full upon it, certain strongly marked connecting-lines not hitherto in evidence had, as we have said, plotted themselves out back to my own mouth. (26) Automatically it became clear why. Some rawness and soreness of the roof of the mouth immediately over the front teeth had led to a strong unconscious pressure of the tongue upon the affected part, and the lips had in consequence bunched themselves up over the teeth in order to give support to the pressure from within. Here then was the generating movement which had taken form subconsciously while consciousness was monopolized by the train of thought, and which accidentally had chanced to be the stipulated organic re-creation of an aspect of the image which in the sequel sprang out of it as a flower might spring from seed. (27) When perhaps the train of thought had momentarily slackened, the subconscious movement—with its momentum increased, no doubt, by its recent inhibition—seized its chance and, springing forward vigorously, had created a vision of rare precision and actuality. The movements of compression in the lips we have just described apparently had constituted a junction at a point common to both with lines of movement running in a direction far out of the course of anything recently plying in consciousness. The vigorousness of the new movement won for it that precedence: that monopoly of the articulating, symbolizing energy: which we know as conscious existence. Ill (28) The origin of the picture being discovered, the " vision " itself rapidly faded. Its place was taken by thoughts proper (i.e.  words so incipient and generalized that the movement-tracks whose opening stages they represent do not prolong themselves sufficiently to fructify into " vision " or other sensory form of imagery), interspersed here and there by " pictures " {where the movement-tracks are traversed sufficiently beyond their initial stage to enable them to arrive at developed image-forms). Establishing themselves simultaneously with these detailed changes of the stream of consciousness, and affecting the condition of consciousness both in its details and as a whole, was a sense of relaxation from the previous wrought-up condition, together with a sense of excitement (or surchange of energy over the fibres), which were both strongly pleasurable. No doubt to these conditions, i.e. relaxation of fibres in conjunction with an overcharge of energy playing over them, must be referred the swerving tendencies which appeared in the movements following. The " vision " was gone but, the world being pleasant, an amiable ooze of feeling, finding shape in words, tended in the direction of the departed image. One dwelt with pleasure upon all the picture's associations as these appeared successively in the mental flux. (29) During all the period in which the genesis of the picture was in question, no completely articulated word fully projecting these associations had been able to establish itself. As candidates for consciousness or mental articulation they had been failures, but inasmuch as they represented definite forces, what though shaped in embryonic form only, they had even at the time of their failure made their existence felt on the hither side of the conscious threshold as a definite something to be resisted and shut out in the interests of the immediate holder. They must accordingly have sunk back—rendered abortive for consciousness—because another form of movement proved strong enough to maintain the monopoly. Now, however, when the conscious route was, comparatively speaking, at liberty, they were able to make their full values felt. Accordingly, they surged forward swiftly into consciousness and articulation. By means of them the " vision " was placed with precision and detail. There was conscious note of where the girl lived: her ability: my own feeling for her: her friends in class: her home connexions: specific incidents: everything, in fact, upon which the mind could pause— with one exception.   Her name was missing. (30) It seems that I must have been beating about for the name for some little time before I became consciously aware that this detail was holding back. From the point at which the default became conscious, however, the hunt grew rapidly hot. Swiftly came crowding names of girls associated with this one, until soon I had resurrected practically the whole school-roll. Still this name refused to start. After much " persistency with varied effort," however, the impulse to find it seemed to tire, and though names and incidents and " pictures " connected with associated persons continued to dribble through the mind, the latter seemed to be making no effort to sustain or encourage these. The slackening of effort might very feasibly have meant fatigue and have been a prelude to sleep. However, looking back, it rather seems to have been an instinctive " lying low " on the part of the organism in order to escape from the tyranny of a strongly launched but barren effort. This view is supported by the fact that suddenly the mind found itself keenly alive and in possession of a picture as definite and assertive, if not so sensationally coloured and " living," as the vision itself. (31) It was the picture of a room used by the staff of the school concerned for correcting test-papers, interviewing, and the like. The room was occupied by three persons: the girl herself, one teacher seated at one desk and another teacher at a second. On this occasion, the picture of the girl was full-length. [As to the manner in which the details of these mental pictures are obtained, it seems that the sight-organ ##150 THE   EGOIST November 1917 makes a sweep over the inward scene exactly as it would when taking in the details of some complex externalized one. A very striking difference between the two processes, however, is this: that while the eye exercising itself externally seems to be dependent upon the co-operation of light, when operating inwardly it is competent to furnish illumination out of its own resources. (This is a fact which—so it seems to me—should have some contribution to make to a science of light whenever objective science makes a recovery from its present paralysing obsessions in respect of externality.) As asserted, the eye exercised in a direction tending inwards, illumines whatever it " lights " on, but this illumination is not enduring. As the eye pursues its limitedly illuminating career, it leaves in its wake a track as dark as that into which it ploughs. Hence, in order that the details of mental imagery may remain fairly steady and continuous, the eye must constantly sweep and resweep the tracks concerned.] (32) To resume: The girl was speaking. The voice heard was individualized and as characteristically her own as were her visualized features. It had a faintly nasal intonation, and the words were preluded by the click of an involuntary, nervous, swallowing movement which was characteristically hers. Now the mistress was answering—also in an unmistakably characteristic voice. This was the dialogue :—" Yes, Miss J. No, Miss J."—" Don't you think so, Norah? " Norah! Of course the name was Norah. How could I have failed to get it! The girl was Norah—! A stupefying blank! The second name was as far from reach as the first had been. In a gust of irritation I attempted to seize the name by force. I began making violent jabs: " Norah, Norah, Norah. ..! " No results, the situation becoming more obstinate with each jab. " Very well," I said. " Leave it. Try to get it from the picture again." Immediately the same picture re-formed. The former dialogue repeated itself. " Don't you think so, Norah? " " Yes, Miss J.   No, Miss J." (33) At first there was no new element, but presently the picture began to develop and involve new detail. There appeared, for instance, a movement in the girl's shoulder—a slight swing forward with each remark; also with each remark a vivid blush and a steady edging towards the door as a preliminary to an escape. The girl disappears, and attention falls direct upon the third occupant of the room. The latter was seated at a desk upon which were papers. She was glancing up from time to time, taking note of the episode. The girl having disappeared, she now looks at the Miss J. of the dialogue. She takes in, in one comprehensive glance, a mass of details: the glint of eyeglasses, the still present echo of the voice ingratiatingly seeking the culprit's own acquiescence in the condemnation of her misdeeds; the laugh which has now established itself and which reveals itself in an indulgent expansion of the throat and a swelling movement of the body below the diaphragm. There is the slight shiver of contact as eye meets eye, followed by an interchange of glances which, without saying, mean: " How shy! " " Isn't it delicious! " Still is there no progress in the matter of the name. (34) The next change is a change of attitude in the person called the observer. She is looking down at a number of papers and saying, " It's odd I can't tell her name when I can give you her exact size— though." As indicative of the rapidity with which the mental landscape develops, this concluding word " though " deserves attention. At the inception of the phrase quoted the culminating word was not " though "; it was " mentally." The substitution of the one for the other is to be accounted for in this wise : (35) The sentence quoted took its origin at a moment when concomitant circumstances were as follows: First and foremost was an all-pervading sense of incapacity in reference to the name. The observer was, furthermore, preoccupied with a pile of papers on a desk. At that instant the papers were undifferentiated, but before this recorded phrase was well launched the visual apparatus had busied itself with them to such purpose that the pile had evolved into a distinctly formed sheet of foolscap. Up this sheet the eye began to pass, and in its career it lit up words which apparently were written upon it. The illuminatory effects obtained would best compare with those created by a ship's lights when in the night they light up a narrow, limited and moving track as the ship takes its course over the black waters. Exactly so now did the eye illumine the overwritten foolscap sheet. The writing was the writing of " Norah." Its characteristics: long, narrow, stiff-legged like wooden soldiers: were unmistakable. The letters rather than whole words were apprehended: in particular those of m and n. The lit-up track moved swiftly in a direction from the bottom right-hand corner to the top left-hand one. (36) As a direct consequence of this movement, a complete change had taken place in the feeling of incapacity to which we referred at the outset. This had, in fact, changed to one of confident capacity. There was a clear and certain prescience that I was on the brink of possession of the item I was seeking. It was here that I became acutely conscious of a single aspect of the whole: that of the muscular eye-movement itself. Before, precedence in consciousness had rather been with the full effects to which that movement was partial contributant: the changing appearance of the foolscap sheet. Now. however, I became aware that I was " throwing " the eye, and in the manner in which—say—an examiner would exercise the eye over a test-paper prior to putting some commentatory note upon it. In such a case, in a final action the comment or intellectual estimate would be associated with the name of the examinee in order to be able later to report progress in respect of that person. This name is usually written in the top left-hand corner of the sheet, and it was for this corner that the illuminated sweep of the eye was primed and destined. Hither it was in fact arriving. It would have arrived. The energy in the sweep was sufficient to land the movement there.   Hence the new-born feeling of capacity. (37) The movement did not arrive, however. The illuminating track came to a dead halt at a point which I gauged to be rather less than three lines down the page. Apparently the mind was too much on the alert to encompass the ends it was bent on. It was too anxious and too active: that is to say, it was making too many notes. The expenditure of energy, for instance, in the act of taking note of the character of the muscular movements themselves, itself involved the swerving aside from the illuminating movement so successfully embarked on, draining the latter of its energy anal balking its action just when this was on the point of being successful. (38) We may therefore explain the substitution of the term though for mentally as follows: Mentally was the concluding word of the phrase beginning " It's odd.. ." etc., while though was the concluding word of a phrase which, had it been articulated, would have taken form probably as: "I will in a second, though." As we have'said, the first and unfinished phrase was born of the feeling of incapacity; and second—articulated in its concluding word only— was born of a feeling of confident capacity. Simultaneously with the birth of the new and happier impulse, the energizing virtue had passed out of the earlier one, but not before this had accumulated sufficient momentum to carry it to its penultimate word: to {Continued on page 159) ##November 1917 THE  EGOIST 151 REFLECTIONS ON CONTEMPORARY POETRY EACH of us, even the most gifted, can find room in his brain for hardly more than two or three new ideas, or ideas so perfectly assimilated as to be original; for an idea is a speciality, and no one has time for more than a few. With these, or with one, say, hexagonal or octagonal idea, each sets to work and industriously and obliviously begins building-cells; not rebelling against the square or the circle, but occasionally coming into collision with some other Bee which has rectangular or circular ideas. All the ideas, beliefs, modes of feeling and behaviour which we have not time or inclination to investigate for ourselves we take second-hand and sometimes call Tradition.* We cannot change much; the point is to do a good job where we can. In literature especially, the innovations which we can consciously and collectively aim to introduce are few, and mostly technical. The main thing is to be quite certain what these are. The title of Miss Monroe's anthology,! and her interesting and admirable introduction, and the inspection of the forces she has mustered, lead me to wonder whether a whole generation can arise together and insurrect; as this introduction leads me to believe that it has insurrected. Perhaps the word is invidious, but there is certainly a hit at the Victorian Age in toto. And the struggle is one in which much more appears to be involved than technical form (many of the poets included adhere closely to conventional forms): " The new poetry strives for a concrete and immediate realization of life; it would discard the theory, the abstraction, the remoteness, found in all classics not of the first order." There is the demand for a " style like speech. .. like a cry from the heart." Certainly if a spontaneous revolution is possible, if it is possible for a whole generation, and not merely an isolated individual here and there, to arise as one man to wring the neck of rhetoric, one would expect, as is indeed the case, that the various volunteers should come variously armed. Among these forces we find Mr. Masefield, provided with his marline-spike, and Mr. Gibson, with a knitting-needle, and every description of weapon between the two. It may be possible to assemble such incongruous allies in a common cause; it is possible that once assembled they appear only to march up the hill and down again; it is also possible that among a whole petrified host a few Davids may be found. But not to pursue a tedious metaphor, I find a certain discrepancy between the introduction to the book and the contents. The Introduction, which makes many excellent points which are worth making, is cut large, but not large enough to cover everybody; it is made so large that it obscures rather than exploits the distinct technical triumphs of certain poets and the distinct individuality of certain among these. This, I am sure, is due to no lack of understanding on the editors' part as to what has been accomplished; it is due rather to a generous desire to recruit forces. The result is, however, that there are three several criticisms to be passed: one on the Introduction, one on the merits of a number of individual poems of importance, and one on the anthology as an anthology. As to the last point, the book has emphatically * For an authoritative condemnation of theories attaching extreme importance to tradition as a criterion of truth, see Pope Gregory XVI's encyclical Singulari nos (July 15, 1834), and the Vatican Council canon of 1870, Si quis dixerit. .. anathema sit. f The New Poetry: An Anthology. Edited by Harriet Monroe and Alice Corbin Henderson, editors of Poetry. New York: The Macmillan Co.   1917.   $1.75. permanent value. An anthology of contemporary verse can be a document of great importance for future generations. It ought not to contain many good poems, but a few; and it ought to embalm a great many bad poems (but bad in a significant way) which would otherwise perish. Bad poems, from this point of view, need to be as carefully chosen as good; Miss Monroe and Mrs. Henderson have chosen wisely. Most anthologies exhibit only the vices of a particular sect; and the badness of a poem is immeasurably heightened, the reader's vision clarified and his mind instructed, when bad poems of totally different types are set off against each other. The resultant impression is a unique picture of a very chaotic world indeed; a world prevailingly Yanqui, but all the more interesting for that. One thinks of Henry James asking his way of an Italian mill-hand in the streets of Salem. There are certain poems which have been much admired, which I have not been able to admire; among these the poems of Mr. Vachell Lindsay. I cannot take the " Congo " seriously. Yet I am sure that they are rightly included, and provide one among several American types the contrast of which is entertaining. For example, there is the New England of Mr. Frost: from a cosmopolitan point of view it is a little belated; but considered at closer range it is not quite the New England of the previous generation, or quite of anybody but Mr. Frost, and it is not a New England of ghosts; Mr. Frost has done something on his own. Then there is the rural Middle-West of Mr. Masters. Selection is unfair to Masters, but the selection is well made. And there is the hard Semitic bitterness of Mr. Bodenheim, who has not all the qualities of a poet, but some of them in an exceptionally high degree. There are others whose merits are less purely national. Skipwith Cannell is represented by what I believe are his two best poems, the " Red Bridge " and the " King," brilliant tours de force, perhaps in their success a definition of the author's talent. Miss Lowell's " City of Falling Leaves " has given me great pleasure by its precision of image and its skill in workmanship. Mrs. Henderson's work has very considerable merits which I had previously overlooked. H. D. is well represented, more fairly than Aldington, whose " Via Sestina " is a regretted absentee. Fletcher is pretty well covered. The " Goodly Fere " of Mr. Pound was, I suppose, inevitable, but I should have preferred the " Canzon of Incense." Of English poets, Mr. Hueffer is well illustrated by the only good poem I have met with on the subject of the war; Harold Monro is at his best in the " Strange Companion "; Lawrence, a poet of quite peculiar genius and peculiar faults, comes off badly; and Rupert Brooke is not absent. On the whole, the selections are remarkably well made. But as for the escape from rhetoric—there is a great push at the door, and some cases of suffocation. But what is rhetoric? The test seems unsatisfactory. There is rhetoric even among the new poets. Furthermore, I am inclined to believe that Tennyson's verse is a " cry from the heart "—only it is the heart of Tennyson, Latitudinarian, Whig, Laureate. The style of William Morris is a " style like speech," only it is the speech of Morris, and therefore rather poor stuff. The " Idylls of the King " sound often like Tennyson talking to Queen Victoria in heaven; and the " Earthly Paradise " like an idealized Morris talking to an idealized Burne-Jones. The writers in The New Poetry who have avoided rhetoric, and there is, after all, a larger number than there could have been in an anthology of the last generation, have done so chiefly by the exercise, in greater or less degree, of intelligence, of which an important function is the discernment of exactly what, and how much, we feel in any given situation. T. S. E. ##152 THE   EGOIST November 1917 TARR By Wyndham Lewis PART VIT: SWAGGER SEX CHAPTER VI Anastasya and he were dining that night in Montmartre as usual.   His piece of news hovered over their conversation like a bird hesitating as to the right spot at which to establish its nest. " I saw Bertha to-day," he said, forcing the opening at last. " You still see her then." " Yes.   I married her this afternoon." ' You what!   What do you mean? " " What I say, my dear.   I married her." " You mean you-? " She put an imaginary ring-on her finger. " Yes.   I married her at the Mairie." Anastasya looked blankly into him, as though he contained cheerless stretches where no living thing could grow. " You mean to sav you've done that! " " Yes; I have." " Why? " Tarr stopped a moment. " Well, the alleged reason was that she is enceinte." " But—whose is the child? " " Kreisler's, she says." The statement, she saw, was genuine. He was telling her what he had been doing. They both immediately retired into themselves, she to distance and stow away their former dialogue and consider the meaning of this new fact; he to wait, his hand near his mouth holding a pipe, until she should have collected herself.   But he began speaking first : " Things are exactly the same as before. I was bound to do that. I had allowed her to consider herself engaged a year ago, and had to keep to that. I have merely gone back a year into the past and fulfilled a pledge, and now return to you. All is in perfect order." " All is not in perfect order. It is Kreisler's child to begin with, you say--" " Yes, but it would be very mean to use that fact to justify one in escaping from an obligation." " That is sentimentality." " Sentimentality! Sentimentality! Cannot we, you and I, afford to give Bertha that? Sentimentality! What an absurd word that is with its fierce use in our poor modern hands! What does it mean f Has life become such an affair of economic calculation that men are too timid to allow themselves any complicated pleasures! Where there is abundance you can afford waste. Sentimentality is a cry on a level with the Simple Life! The ideal of perfect success is an ideal belonging to the same sort of individual as the inventor of Equal Rights of Man and Perfectibility. Sentimentality is a privilege. It is a luxury that the crowd does not feel itself equal to, once it begins to think about it. Besides, it is different in different hands." " That may be true as regards sentimentality in general. But in this case you have been guilty of a popular softness-" " No. Listen. I will explain something to you. You said a moment ago that it was Kreisler's child. Well, that is my security! That enables me to commit this folly, without too great danger. It is an earnest of the altruistic origin of the action not being forgotten! " "But that—to return to your words—is surely a very mean calculation? " " Therefore it takes the softness out of the generous action it is allied to-" "No.   It takes its raison d'être away altogether. It leaves it merely a stupid and unnecessary fact. It cancels the generosity but leaves the fact—your marriage." " But the fact itself is altered by that! " " In what way? You are now married to Bertha-" " Yes, but what does that mean? I married Bertha this afternoon, and here I am punctually and as usual with you this evening-" " But the fact of your having married Bertha this afternoon will prevent your making any one else your wife in the future. Supposing I had a child by you— not by Kreisler—it would be impossible to legitimatize him. The thing is of no importance in itself. But you have given Kreisler's child what you should have kept for your own! What's the good of giving your sex over into the hands of a swanky expert, as you describe it, if you continue to act on your own initiative?   I throw up my job.   Garçon, l'addition! " But a move to the café opposite satisfied her as a demonstration. Tarr was sure of her, and remained passive. She extorted a promise from him: to conduct no more obscure diplomacies in the future. Bertha and Tarr took a flat in the Boulevard Port Royal, not far from the Jardin des Plantes. They gave a party to which Fräulein Lipmann and a good many other people came. He maintained the rule of four to seven, roughly, for Bertha, with the utmost punctiliousness.   Anastasya and Bertha did not meet. Bertha's child came, and absorbed her energies for upwards of a year. It bore some resemblance to Tarr. Tarr's afternoon visits became less frequent. He lived now publicly with his illicit and splendid bride. Two years after the birth of the child, Bertha divorced Tarr. She then married an eye-doctor, and lived with a brooding severity in his company and that of her only child. Tarr and Anastasya did not marry. They had no children. Tarr, however, had three children by a lady of the name of Rose Fawcett, who consoled him eventually for the splendours of his " perfect woman." But yet beyond the dim though solid figure of Rose Fawcett, another rises. This one represents the swing-back of the pendulum once more to the swagger side. The cheerless and stodgy absurdity of Rose Fawcett required the painted, fine and inquiring face of Prism Dirkes. the end EPILOGUE This book was begun eight years ago; so I have not produced this disagreeable German for the gratification of primitive partisanship aroused by the war. On the other hand, having had him up my sleeve for so long, I let him out at this moment in the undisguised belief that he is very apposite. I am incidentally glad to get rid of him. He has been on my conscience (my conscience as an artist, it is true) for a long time. The myriads of Prussian germs, gases, and gangrenes released into the air and for the past year obsessing everything, revived my quiescent creation. I was moved to vomit Kreisler forth. It is one big germ more. May the flames of Louvain help to illuminate (and illustrate) my hapless protagonist! His misdemeanours too, which might appear too harshly real at ordinary times, have, just now, too obvious confirmations to be questioned. Germany's large leaden brain booms away in the centre of Europe. Her brain-waves and titanic orchestrations have broken round us for too long not to have had their effect. As we never think ourselves, except a stray Irishman or American, we should long ago have been swamped had it not been for the sea. The habits and vitaüty of the seaman's life and this## November 1917 THE  EGOIST 153 vigorous element bave protected us intellectually as the blue water has politically. In Europe Nietzsche's gospel of desperation, the beyond-law-man, etc., has deeply influenced the Paris apache, the Italian Futurist littérateur, the Russian revolutionary. Nietzsche's books are full of seductions and sugar-plums. They have made " aristocrats " of people who would otherwise have been only mild snobs or meddlesome prigs; as much as, if not more than, other writings, they have made " expropriators " of what would otherwise merely have been Arsène Lupins: and they have made an Over-man of every vulgarly energetic grocer in Europe. The commercial and military success of Prussia has deeply influenced the French, as it is gradually winning the imagination of the English. The fascination of material power is, for the irreligious modern man, almost impossible to resist. There is much to be said for this eruption of greedy, fleshy, frantic strength in the midst of discouraged delicacies. Germany has its mission and its beauty. But I do not believe it will ever be able to benefit, itself, by its power and passion. The English may a little more: I hope Russia will. As to the Prophet of War, the tone of Nietzsche's books should have discredited his philosophy. The modern Prussian advocate of the Aristocratic and Tyrannic took everybody into his confidence. Then he would coquet: he gave special prizes. Everybody couldn't be a follower of his! No: only the minority: that is the minority who read his books, which has steadily grown till it comprises certainly (or would were it collected together) the ungainliest and strangest aristocratic caste any world could hope to see ! The artists of this country make a plain and pressing appeal to their fellow-citizens. It is as follows: They appeal : (If That at the moment of this testing and trying of the forces of the nation, of intellect, of character, they should grant more freedom to the artists and thinkers to develop their visions and ideas. That they should make an effort of sympathy. That the maudlin and the self-defensive Grin should be dropped. (2) That the Englishman should become ashamed of his Grin as he is at present ashamed of solemnity. That he should cease to be ashamed of his " feelings ": then he would automatically become less proud of his Grin. (3) That he should remember that seriousness and unsentimentality are quite compatible. Whereas a Grin usually accompanies loose emotionality. (4) That in facing the facts of existence as he is at present compelled to do, he should allow artists to economize time in not having to circumvent and get round those facts, but to use them simply and directly. (5) That he should restrain his vanity, and not always imagine that his leg is being pulled. A symbolism is of the nature of all human effort. There is no necessity to be literal to be in earnest. Humour, even, may be a symbol. The recognizing of a few simple facts of that sort would help much. In these onslaughts on Humour I am not suggesting that anybody should laugh less over his beer or wine or forgo the consolation of the ridiculous. There are circumstances when" it is a blessing. But the worship of the ridiculous is the thing that should be forgone. The worship (or craze, we call it) of Charlie Chaplin is a mad substitution of a chaotic tickling for all the other more organically important ticklings of life. Nor do I mean here that you or I, if we are above suspicion in the matter of those other fundamentals, should not allow ourselves the little scurvy totem of Charlie on the mantlepiece. It is not a grinning face we object to but a face that is mean when it is serious and that takes to its grin as a duck takes to water. We must stop grinning. You will say that I do not practise what I preach. I do: for if you look closely at my grin you will perceive that it is a very logical and deliberate grimace. In this book you are introduced to a gentleman named Tarr. I associate myself with all he says on the subject of humour. In fact, I put him up to it. He is one of my showmen; though, naturally, he has a private and independent life of his own, for which I should be very sorry to be held responsible. November 1915. NOTES TAKEN IN CONSTANTINOPLE AND SOFIA By Arthur Symons I. CONSTANTINOPLE The Byzantine mosque of Kahrié-Djami was built at the end of the eleventh century. It reminds one of St. Mark's, in its mosaics in the narthex, especially, of the life of the Virgin. The colours of the mosaics are superb, with miraculous robes and backgrounds; with a blue peacock, with Bible scenes. One sees the devastation of the earthquake in the great blotches of yellow plaster, lamentable wounds. This mosque is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen here, in its ardent beauty, its glory of colour—the glow of this indestructible life on the walls that are already half destroyed only by the shock of the earth itself. One sees there the Seraphim with wings about their faces, the faces not painted over, with St. Sophia; the great picture of Christ; the naïveté of the leper, spotted so regularly all over; the many little dramatic scenes; St. George in armour, a splendid figure; the great head of Christ facing you. The marbles on the walls were matched so that pattern echoes pattern on separate pieces placed side by side, with exquisite veinings—greens and greys. The square of At-Maidan, where the Hippodrome was, and with,  still, the Alamadié, the Serpent Column,  the  Obélisque  of  Theodosius,   and  the Colossus of Constantine, is near the mosque of Aya-Sofia-Maidan.   It is a vast space, in which there are such slight details, as the vast space inside the outer court of the Ahmedié:  the vast solid building, so nobly proportioned, with its six minarets, its domes and squares, its great structure; the trees, the little old houses at the side, with strange, paved, narrow streets running down between them; the men selling goods around the outer walls and in the doorways; men being shaved, the barber's basins hung on the trunks of the trees.   Inside are seen the exquisite tiles, by far the finest I have seen in Constantinople— the fine space, the freedom and beauty of the design; the admirable details, certain bronze and carved wood doors, a plaque of plaited black and white marble let into the wall;   the enormous pillars together with the wretched Turkish painting, grey and blue, of all the vaults, in the horrible eighteenth-century French style.   When we went in the matting had been taken up for some repainting, and we could walk about without overshoes.   I had never seen the pavement of a mosque—this was of mere ordinary paving like a street. Behind the mosque of the Suleimanié lies the Turbé of Suleiman. The houses these people made for themselves when dead are more beautiful than any they had when living. This is exquisite with its tiles, its walls, its dome encrusted with rock-crystals: its elaborate arabesque; the rose and white of the pillars and arches, the costly wood balustrade to the coffins, inlaid with mother-of-pearl; the exquisite boxes containing illuminated manuscripts of the ##154 THE  EGOIST November 1917 Koran brought from Mecca. There is a beauty in these old designs; even the coffins, with their shawls, turbans, and peacock aigrettes, are covered with linen cloths. In the mosque of the Suleimanié there is a glory; with its fine stained-glass windows over the mihrab, all m flowers and patterns; the elaborate ornament is seen everywhere. I can understand the Turkish poets calling it a " splendour " and " joy." It lies in the midst of a quarter of iron-workers and shoemakers, whose tapping you hear continually. It is more splendidly set on a hill than St. Sophia, and it dominates Stamboul from the bridge and from the water. Ail along on one side is a dusty alley of shops and trees, part roofed over from the outer wall of the court. How incredible the dusty dinginess and squalor of it ! In the court of the Shab-Zadé everything is sordid, grass-grown; in the inner court windows are stopped with matting, leaves lie about; all this delicate work is unkept, left to go to what ruin its solidity may. It is work that gains nothing from the accident of time and age, as London stone does; it should be pure white, all its marbles freshly washed, its trees clean of dust. But, as in the nouses (where there are always blinds awry, discoloured wood, broken iron and half-nailed wooden gratings, patchings of tin and iron), so here, nothing is kept with care, with a sense either of its beauty or sacredness. The cloistered women here take their quite natural revenge in kind. Here in the men one finds that what is bad in them comes from their too hasty logic. One finds here no thought, no reason, nor is there any fine sense of beauty. They have copied the Greeks, and always debased what they copied. Their ornaments have not the purity of the Persian or the Indian, nor the boldness of the Western. There has been no rain in Broussa for five months; I think of this as I note the flat roofs of the houses, on which I look down from a height. People sit and walk on them, stand for hours leaning over the parapets, looking down: the genuine Eastern roof, the most important part of the house. The fire in the rue Kassridgi at Stamboul, which I watched from the windows at 4 a.m., had burnt down forty houses. A light shone over the dark mass of Stamboul like a bouquet of crimson flame. It rose into the sky, broadening, in a delicate pattern until it passed into thinner and thinner smoke, flushed with rose-colour, burning bright at the base. Every morning as I looked down from the window there was some new aspect. There was a new richness or austerity in the remains of brown roofs and brown wooden shutters and of trees growing up everywhere in their midst, with here and there a point or square of white or a red wall or roof. As the bells tinkled on the road below, the horses and donkeys raced down the dusty slope with fresh burdens; now a flock of sheep stirred up the thick dust, or else a solemn company of turkeys; the cries rising from the sellers of fruit and water and vegetables seemed new every morning. The white outline of things changed with the light; often one could see water and nothing but a rusty colour beyond and the shape of a single dome, with its minarets, while a misty colour hung above a portion of the valley. After the spectacle of the Selamlik was over, that took place under the Sultan's Yildiz Kiosque; after our presentation to the Sultan in his palace; after our evening at the English Ambassador's at Therapia, we were sent down the Bosphorus in his launch to Constantinople. On that night we saw the Black Sea between hills from Therapia, then along moonlit water, as one felt the strong current of the tide; there, in the rushing boat, between two shores, the astounding beauty of the night! There was the Adriatic boat we passed with its red carved shape, the Flying Dutchman craft with grey sails and a light; strange old-fashioned shapes of sails and rigging; the course between Europe and Asia, on a river like a sea: the curve of the shores; the hills, lights, white palaces, the towers of Boumeli-Hissar, the white Sea of Marmora lit by the Tower of Leander, the return to the harbour. That night was superb, with wind and a sky blown clear of clouds, for the moon and stars. II. SOFIA Late one night I found myself inside a Turkish café in the open air. At the end was a raised platform where, seated on chairs, sat four Turkish girls in their national costume: behind them were the musicians who played on stringed instruments with their fingers; some beat on a little drum, one blew with a long flute, They began playing an unending, insinuating dance, merely tickling the strings with the bow— which seemed like a malaguena but was not one— never drawing it across them. The faint, irritating sound increased and diminished, hovering over the note, never touching it, an exasperating, deliriously suspensive suggestion: the secret never uttered. While the stealthy, enigmatic, tormenting music went on, I saw the danse du ventre done by the handsome girl. She was masterly, indifferent, exquisite. She held crotals of brass in each hand, on the first finger and thumb. First she spun round and round, her arms waving gently above her head, the crotals clashing. Then the movement began, gently and sideways; then she turned on herself, doubling back from the waist; then the same movement; a pause every minute or two; then the arms quivered to the fingers and the breasts leapt; then a writhing of the loins; then a sort of wavelike movement sent up in turn from each leg; the music grew shriller and more irritating, teasing the nerves, with a sense of something coming, which came with a certain cynicism, not the passionate abandonment of the Spaniard. She whirled round, again, just at the end; at times she crossed a small section of the stage, wriggling her feet almost imperceptibly, while several thrills followed each other. The whole dance was a complete thing, with its meaning, its development; a drama with the most explicit pantomime in the world. The Turk gives you merely the drama of the literal acts; the Spaniard gives you the tragedy of desire, the irresistible impulsion, the struggle against the inevitable, and the agony of the flesh.   To the Turk it is a game. ELIZABETHAN CLASSICISTS By Ezra Pound III THE sin or error of Milton—let me leave off vague expressions of a personal active dislike, and make my year-long diatribes more coherent. Honour where it is due! Milton undoubtedly built up the sonority of the blank-verse paragraph in our language. But he did this at the cost of his idiom. He tried to turn English into latin: to use an uninflected language as if it were an inflected one, neglecting the genius of English, distorting its fibrous manner, making schoolboy translations of latin phrases: "Him who disobeys me disobeys." I am leaving apart all my disgust with what he has to say, his asinine bigotry, his beastly hebraism, the coarseness of his mentality, I am dealing with a technical matter. All this clause structure modelled on latin rhetoric, borrowed and thrust into sonorities which are sometimes most enviable. The sin of vague pompous words is neither his own sin nor original. Euphues and Gongora were before him.   The Elizabethan audience was interested in ##November 1917 THE   EGOIST 155 large speech. " Multitudinous seas incarnadine " caused as much thrill as any epigram in Lady Windermere's Fan or The Importance of Being Earnest. The Dramatists had started this manner, Milton but continued in their wake, adding to their high-sound-ingness his passion for latinization, the latinization of a language peculiarly unfitted for his sort of latinization. Golding in the ninth year of Elizabeth can talk of " Charles his wane " in translating Ovid, but Milton's fields are " irriguous," and worse, and much more notably displeasing, his clause structure is a matter of " quem's," " cui's," and " quomodo's." Another point in defence of Golding: his constant use of "did go," did say," etc., is not fustian and mannerism; it was contemporary speech, though in a present-day poet it is impotent affectation and definite lack of technique, I am not saying " Golding is a greater poet than Milton," these quantitative comparisons are in odium. Milton is the most unpleasant of English poets, and he has certain definite and analysable defects. His unpleasantness is a matter of personal taste. His faults of language are subject to argument just as are the faults of any other poet's language. His popularity has been largely due to his bigotry, but there is no reason why that popular quality should be for ever a shield against criticism. His real place is nearer to Drummond of Hawthornden than to " Shakespear " and " Dante " whereto the stupidity of our forbears tried to exalt him. His short poems are his defenders' best stronghold, and it will take some effort to show that they are better than Phoebus Arise. In all this I am not insisting on " Charles his wane " as the sole mode of translation. I point out that Golding was endeavouring to convey the sense of the original to his readers. He names the thing of his original author, by the name most germane, familiar, homely, to his hearers. He is intent on conveying a meaning, and not on bemusing them with a rumble. And I hold that the real poet is sufficiently absorbed in his content to care more for the content than the rumble. And also that Chaucer and Golding are more like to find the mot juste (whether or no they held any theories there-anent) than were for some centuries their successors, saving the author of Hamlet. Beside the fustian tradition, the tradition of cliche phrases, copies on greek and latin clause structure and phrase structure, two causes have removed the classics from us. On one hand we have ceased to read greek with the aid of latin cribs, and latin is the only language into which any great amount of greek can be in a lively fashion set over; secondly, there is no discrimination in classical studies. The student is told that all the classics are excellent and that it is a crime to think about what he reads. There is no use pretending that these literatures are read as literature. An apostolic succession of school teachers has become the medium of distribution. The critical faculty is discouraged, the poets are made an exercise, a means of teaching the language. Even in this there is a great deal of buncombe. It is much better that a man should use a crib and know the content of his authors than that he should be able to recite all the rules in Allen and Greenough's grammar. Even the teaching by rules is largely a hoax. The latin had certain case feelings. For the genitive he felt source, for the dative indirect action upon, for the accusative direct action upon, for the ablative all other periphoric sensation, i.e. it is less definitely or directly the source than the genitive, it is contributory circumstance; lump the locative with it, and one might call it the " circumstantial." Where it and the dative have the same form, we may conclude that there was simply a general indirect case. The humanizing influence of the classics depends more on a wide knowledge, a reading knowledge, than on an ability to write exercises in latin, it is ridiculous to pretend that a reading knowledge need imply more than a general intelligence of the minutiae of grammar. I am not assuming the position of those who objected to Erasmus's "tittle-tattles," but there is a sane order of importance. When the classics were a new beauty and ecstasy people cared a damn sight more about the meaning of the authors, and a damn sight less about their grammar and philology. We await, vei jauzen lo jorn, the time when the student will be encouraged to say which poems bore him to tears, and which he thinks rubbish, and whether there is any beauty in "Maecenas sprung from a line of kings." It is bad enough that so much of the finest poetry in the world should be distributed almost wholly through classrooms, but if the first question to be asked were: " Gentlemen, are these verses worth reading? " instead of "What is the mood of 'manet'!" if, in short, the professor were put on his mettle to find poems worth reading instead of given the facilem discensum, the shoot, the supine shoot, of grammatical discussion, he might more dig out the vital spots in his authors, and meet from his class a less persistent undercurrent of conviction that all latin authors are a trial. The uncritical scholarly attitude has so spread, that hardly a living man can tell you at what points the Roman authors surpass the Athenians, yet the comparison of their differences is full of all fascinations. Yet because Homer is better than Virgil, and Aeschylus, presumably, than Seneca, there has spread a superstition that the mere fact of a text being in greek makes it of necessity better than a text written in latin—which is buncombe. Ovid indubitably added and invented much which is not in greek, and the greeks might be hard put to find a better poet among themselves than is their disciple Catullus. Is not Sappho, in comparison, a little, just a little Swinburnian ? I do not state this as dogma, but one should be open to such speculation. I know that all classic authors have been authoritatively edited and printed by Teubner, and their wording ultimately settled at Leipzig, but all questions concerning " the classics " are not definitely settled, cold-storaged, and shelved. I may have been an ensanguined fool to spend so much time on mediaeval literature, or the time so "wasted" may help me to read Ovid with greater insight. I may have been right or wrong to read renaissance latinists, instead of following the professorial caution that " after all if one confined oneself to the accepted authors one was sure of reading good stuff, whereas there was a risk in hunting about among the unknown." I am much more grateful for the five minutes during which a certain lecturer emphasized young Icarus begorming himself with Daedalus' wax than for all the dead hours he spent in trying to make me a scholar. modo quas vaga moverat aura, Captabat plumas: flavam modo pollice ceram Moliabat; lususque suo mirabile patris Impediabat opus. " Getting in both of their ways." My plagiarism was from life and not from Ovid, the difference is perhaps unimportant. Yet if after sixteen years a professor's words came back to one, it is perhaps important that the classics should be humanly, rather than philologically, taught, even in classrooms. A barbaric age given over to education agitates for their exclusion and desuetude. Education is an onanism of the soul. Philology will be ascribed to De la Sade. And there is perhaps more hope for the debutante who drawls in the last fashionable and outwearied ##156 THE  EGOIST November 1917 die-away cadence " Ayh! Trois Contes f That's a good buk," than for the (Connoisseur stuffed full of catalogues; able to date any author and enumerate all the ranges of " influences." PASSING PARIS Yesterday:   There was a quaint phrase in the obituary notice of a Paris paper on the death of Degas.   "He began," it said, "by painting  historical   subjects  and  portraits.   Only later did he approach nature."   That phrase would better apply to certain fashionable contemporaries. Degas was the wittiest man it was possible to meet. He was a master of mot, playful and less spiteful than Whistler, not scathing like Forain. It was Degas who said of Cezanne's apples: " Ce ne sont pas des natures-mortes, ce sont des natures-ivres-mortes." * * * * Latest publications: Mon Chant de Guerre, by Fritz R. Vanderpyl (La Belle Edition), is a defiant and rather tender poem, lively like Mr. Ezra Pound's L'Homme Moyen Sensuel, and about twice its length. It gives advice in art, literature, and life, basing its creed on the cult of the present. It travels about eagerly through a variety of metre, enthusiastically craving for enthusiasm and rising occasionally to spasms of lyrical abandon for which the poet may have to thank that force altière et neuve qui change la neige en fleurons, cueille un beau fruit mûr à l'automne me confie ce que je te chante. A didactic poem, it denounces the " disciples " and aims some indignant English at them : Thou call'st them cubists and unanimists and synchronists and apollinarists ; but their mother's name is Gauguin-Tagore and their fathers are steel or pit coal-kings who, weeping pearls on all these unknown things, stare at the future, wait for what it brings... . It will bring air, it will bring air, etc. The exhortation continues in French : Que chacun prépare son propre champ, que chacun découpe son propre banc et invente sa récolte ; Que chacun exige de l'univers, sa part de ciel et de terre et de fei pour y nourrir sa révolte. There are people who object to the passages in foreign idioms (why is it more legitimate to quote dead than living languages? and Vanderpyl hates dust and ashes) as though a poem were a sacred thing before having even been conceived. And yet if there is one thing one should be able to take liberties with it is a poem. But in every line Mr. Vanderpyl anticipates cavillers, for the only war he makes, but that thoroughly, is precisely on all hard-and-fast theories, on all delimitations of territory : Beau territoire noir et blond et écarlate, recréé tous les jours ainsi que mon savoir, tu n'es pas un dédale aux ladres perspectives on all impediments to the whims of innocence : Mais que ton ignorance soit pure comme une eau... . on all science opposed to his ignorance : Mais que ton ignorance soit creuse comme im puits... . * * * * Personal: James Wilson Morrice is back in Paris from Canada, where he has been painting his native snow. The quays of Paris have never had better rendering than from his soft brush. * * * * Crès celebrates the fiftieth anniversary of Baudelaire's death with an edition (at 4 fr.) of Les Fleurs du Mal, complete, revised, and annotated (by Mr. Van Bever) on the edition published in 1861, the second and last version to be corrected by the poet. The volume comprises portraits of Baudelaire, Jeanne Duval, and Mme. Sabatier, the poems indexed by the courts in 1857, twenty-five posthumous poems, notes and variations, extracts from Baudelaire's correspondence, his prefaces, published and intended, and his contract with his publishers. Mr. Van Bever does not include Théophile Gautier's preface, or the reviews by Sainte-Beuve and d'Aurevilly which were collected to protest against the judgment, these being without purpose in a modern edition. Nevertheless, critics are still prevalent who consider Baudelaire as no more than a sidelight in French literature, and to these Mr. Van Bever, had space allowed, would have liked to have shown how far-reaching have been its rays. Baudelaire's contribution to the formation of Renée Vivien, for example, was most admirably set forth in an essay by that critic of contemporary literary critics, Charles Maurras. Muriel Ciolkowska PASSING CLOUDS By Yone Noguchi I The ancient Japanese always held the same attitude towards the world and life, whether with the frost-cold sword at the moment of hara-kiri, or with the tea-bowl in the chano-yu rites: their manner was never abrupt. How they hated dispute and talk! When they had to dispute, they let their swords settle the point; and for talk, they used the language of silence. They were quiet and discreet towards Life's object; they moved around it as if an artist, and again like an excellent artist, they never separated it from its surroundings. Where they were faithful to tradition they well expressed their own eccentricity; where they were eccentric they were most conventional. How the times made us change! We trust too much in words: how we assert and deny when a question comes forth! And like an amateur, we walk upon Life's stage most ungracefully, often forget our lines; oh, what poor acting ! II The heart of Wisdom is a sorrow and pain. It is a mistake if you think it to be a scalp-capped old scholar just stepped out from the library or classroom. Wisdom is a reformed criminal after all penalties paid; it is a wrong or confession turned to a saint. Ill Where is a mountain deep enough to hide me? Where is a river big enough to swallow me! I say it, not because I am great, but because I am I. I beg you, however, not to mistake me as a so-called individualist. ##November 1917 THE  EGOIST 157 IV I used to fire my curiosity of boyhood days with reading an old warrior's tales and legends; one of my favourite heroes was Yoshitsune who in his boy's time was taught mystery and fencing by a certain Tengu, a mountain elf of the Western hill from where a rainbow flashes and where the bright sun has his nightly bed. Oh, how I longed for an acquaintance with that wonderful elf with a long nose and wings, when the setting sun burned the Western sky and hills. It happened one evening that I was severely scolded by my father; my rebellious little soul forced me at once to leave the house and turn my hurried step towards the Western hill, where the sunset fire was burning to make me imagine a strange castle of beauty and romance, and even hear a word or two of that kind elf there. My frightened dear mother pursued me, and at last held my arm and took me back again to be scolded by my father. But, oh, the Western hill where the Tengu might live and teach me Life's mystery; even to-day I feel to hear sometimes his tender call from the far-off rainbow and evening glow. I often imagine what if my mother had not taken me back that evening, well, of almost thirty years ago; I might have found the elf then by the singular virtue and desire which are given only to a boy. V You must not come to see me till I tell you you may come; I must be sure of the hour and day when the right light or proper shadow will be provided. Do you laugh at me over my having too great anxiety in my presentation as if a piece of art rare and old 1   But what else am I, do you suppose? When the first night bell rings out, I will loosen and let fall all my reserves; it is the time when my head will turn towards my interlocutor. I will burn the incense which should rise as the silken folds of the world-wearied courtesy; under them the ego in myself intent but aloof, will put a proper presentation or emphasis on my life's page. Come, my friend, at such an hour, as my own respect for myself will then be the very respect for my art and song, I will show you my best; if you do not know how to come, my friend, I will tell you that you should ride on the cool breeze, or step on the shadow of the moon. "PAY AGATHA PENRHYS ..," One could hardly have called Edward unpleasant; he simply wasn't suitable for Agatha. She had married him, out of a number of men, not loving him particularly: respecting him for the upright views he held and for his attitude of self-restraint: not hoping for very much from the arrangement, but prepared to appreciate his earned wealth. There were, of course, several things about him that annoyed her from the outset—his pretentious cleanliness, lack of intuition, and somewhat paternal attitude towards herself and her interests which were not extraordinary. She had sometimes wondered why he took so little notice of the fact that she had already broken off two engagements before she met him. He knew about them (every one must have known) but his self-esteem was so great that he could not help undervaluing these precedents. Agatha had a good deal of pride in her own " strength " in breaking with the previous fiancés, strength pitted against the forceful counsels of parents and friends. Her father and mother lacked peculiarities. Her father was in business.   Her mother looked after the house, went out little, kept a couple of delicate schipperke bitches, and daily wore a gold watch, its solid chain pinned at the crest of her high bosom with a gold-set hand-coloured photo of Agatha at the age of seven between Neville and Dick, the older boys. With these boys and several generations of schip-perkes, Agatha had grown up: done moderately well at school: read immoderately of the ordinary novel. These, together with such deductions as she made from domestic and outside experience, were her " finishing course." At eighteen she became engaged to a curly railway-clerk ten years older. Parents approved: lover (she smiled well and looked shy adorably) pleaded: Agatha, thrilled with a sense of new importance, accepted, wishing Charlie would not kiss her quite so often. At times he fondled her excessively when they were alone, and groaning a little, showed only the whites of his eyes. Although this was rather disgusting, he had given her a pretty ring which sparkled delightfully, and by causing envy to gleam in the eyes of the girls with whom she worked (she clerked in an insurance office) satisfied a good many requirements which she had never troubled to analyse in herself. She broke off the engagement suddenly: refused an explanation to her parents: wept. Charlie avoided the house, and was forgotten, while Mrs. Penrhys's curiosity died at last of starvation, not before her hints and ejaculations had provided the neighbours with material for many an apparently sympathetic but fairly spiteful gossip of an evening, through many weeks. Agatha became capricious and the second engagement was one based on a quick passion. The second lover, Gareth Manton, an artist, fascinated by her changing moods, quick intelligence and, at first, attractive capriciousness, abandoned his intention of perpetual celibacy, and arrangements for a hasty marriage began. Mrs. Penrhys was quite charmed with his nice manners. But this second engagement came, also, to a sudden end. A few jarring words: too susceptible feelings: pride. " We can't go on like this," from Gareth, sharply. "You won't have to hint that twice," more sharply from Agatha. " I'm not engaged to you. You'd better hop it." Gareth, jarred a little by the slang, went away. He sent her the ring back on her birthday (it was one of pearls) saying he had no use for it and asking her to take it as a birthday gift from him. Three months later he felt surprised to hear she was married, but it did not affect him so that he made any effort to forget her. Mrs. Edward Showell, who had been Agatha Penrhys, hardly knew how or why the change of name had been effected. Edward met her when her temperament, raw and self-pitying after the rupture with Gareth, appreciated kindness. Edward prided himself on his kindness and justice. He managed a paying business by kindness and justice. This and his cleanliness gave him an atmosphere, but it was his half-fatherly gentleness as much as his successful manner which won her. After the wedding, the fatherliness ceased being gentle, she found him often irritable. But Agatha did so enjoy release from her insurance office. Edward gave her plenty of money, she made new friends, and also began to go to the theatre. This afforded her some fresh and pungent ideas. At the end of three years of marriage they were, although unintentionally, childless. Three years had worn them down to a not unpleasant co-toleration. Agatha did not care much for him. He was proud of her: her intelligence gave him cause for pride when guests came, as they often did, to their house. Indeed she was singularly intelligent, imaginative,   sensitive,   and  had  improved  since ##158 THE  EGOIST November 1917 leaving home. Her mother and father had both cued since, and the brothers married awav. It was then the catastrophe came. Agatha had turned out her desk, and was sorting old letters, receipts, and odd papers when Edward, new-washed on returning from the City, found her. It was a July evening, and the sunlight flashed from the leaves rustling outside the dining-room window, She often remembered that afterwards. What's that? " he asked idly.   His cigarette-case snapped shut. She unfolded the paper slip and, curiosity satisfied, hesitated, then, turning to him, frowning: It's a cheque." " A cheque? "   He took it from her. Early in her engagement with Gareth Manton, the family had let him take away a little oil-painting which he had often examined covetously. It was by some unknown seventeenth-century artist, painted on copper in a square chipped frame. And he wrote out a cheque. This was only right, as it had a certain value, and he could not very well take a family possession as a gift, although no one knew where it came from, or cared for it. Mrs. Penrhys had told him to write the cheque to Agatha. Gareth in the clouds sent the cheque by post unsigned. After much laughter, Agatha told him: he wrote out a second slip which she cashed. The unsigned slip she kept and had never destroyed because of the fun they had had over it. She recalled all this while her husband turned the cheque over. " Pay Agatha Penrhys. .. ?" The question rattled from him. Horrible doubts rushed through his respectable mind.   Then he noticed the date. " Who wrote this thing. ..? " " Gareth Manton," the wife said. " He forgot to sign it. I kept it as a joke." She thought he was making a lot of fuss about very little. " Who the devil's Gareth Manton? What the deuce did he want to write you a cheque for? " " He gave me some money." " Gave you money? " (Had Gareth given her leprosy his tone could not have conveyed more disgust.   He felt convinced something was wrong.) " Yes. I was engaged to him." She felt frightened, and hardly knew how to begin the explanation. " I don't see what justification that is," he said, and looked at her hard. Neither did she, but it seemed too much trouble to her now to explain the facts, thinking that the truth would make him angrier than ever in that mood. Besides she saw no evil construction possible. " You don't mind my wearing his ring," she said in defence. " Ring?   What Edward was very fair and the blood coloured his face and neck an ugly red. But she was lifting her pretty hand. " This one ... I always wear it." The pearl ring was on the fourth finger, the right hand. " What do you mean by it! " he bellowed. He struck her hand away. Suddenly she felt terribly angry, giving him a furious look. " Don't dare to speak to me like that," she said. It was his blow that she resented more than any words or hints. " The deuce! Some fellow gave it you! " he blustered on, hardly able to get the sounds out, and coming closer to her. " Of course if you're going to shout and bully, I'm going." She went, leaving letters and papers scattered. Edward fumed. His pride was outraged. He felt betrayed. She had never spoken of her former lovers. He had forgotten them and considered the wearing of Gareth's ring in his house as a mean kind of unfaithfulness. His righteous indignation increased the more he brooded over the incident, but she presented an unrepentant and stony face to him. She, realizing how distasteful Edward had become, hated him with accumulated hatred, hotly. She slept alone, and wept late, but, influenced perhaps by some " misjudged " wife she had seen in a play or sympathized with in a novel, wrote to Gareth before going to bed, posting the letter herself, defiantly. Husband and wife "kept angrily silent for a week. Meanwhile, as a result of her letter, Agatha had met Gareth again. After three years she felt so pleased to see the old affection fresh in his eyes and could not hide its complement in her own. Gareth had always understood her, she thought. Friendship sprang up again quickly as grass in April. She appreciated his sympathy, and loved his gaiety. The condition of her relations with Edward became unimportant compared with the joy of seeing Gareth constantly and laughing and chattering away afternoons in his studio. They discussed Edward. " He is a nuisance," said Gareth. " I don't know what we had better do to him." Nine days after the affair of the cheque, husband and wife had lunch together the ninth time in bleak silence, Agatha folded up her serviette in the old mechanical way. Up in her room she took a little longer than usual to dress, stopping now and then to put an ornament straight and leaving everything tidied. Later, she met Gareth at Charing Cross; they left together for Italy. After five months of indignant endeavour, Edward got a divorce, and is much pitied by his friends. Iris Barry MY ENGLAND AGAIN A little too parlour-maidy. The country seems to be conducted by parlour-maids according to the parlour-maid creed: whiteness, starch, silver. And what angelic faces these vestals have ! At each new visit the English have grown a little quieter than they were the last. Is it that soft-footed parlour-maid rule which has so felted their voices? Provided they won't be quite extinguished the next time I come. England is the most patently, the most aggressively, and the most unnecessarily virtuous of countries. This obvious, this ubiquitous virtue drives one to despair. It does not express renunciation of vice; it just expresses "a neutral, bland, overwhelming, negative virtue. The prettier an Englishwoman is the more wasted her prettiness. A touch of promise (and of past) seems to occur only in faces not particularly pretty. When I was a little child I was sometimes taken from the suburbs to London, once to be lost on London Bridge, generally to the dentist's. Many years have elapsed and history will have innumerable chapters to inscribe. The other day, for the first time since, I was travelling along that same line, stopping at the same stations. And in the carriage with me sat the same people reading the same local papers. In France scarcely any one reads. Very seldom do you see a book opened in a tram or metro-carriage. Many people never get beyond their two sheets of daily paper with its various substitutes for news, information, and literary matter. A small number read feuilletons. A very few buy the Editions du Mercure. In England, on the other hand, every one reads—but what!   Let me see what that type- ##November 1917 THE  EGOIST 159 writing girl, travelling third class, is absorbed in: it is Nash's Magazine. Let me see what fixes that first-class-travelling, nice-looking officer's attention: it is Nash's Magazine. M. C. THE BARON OF JAUIOZ A BALLAD OF BRITTANY Translated from a French paraphrase by S. F. Milman When I was washing by the river, I heard the bird of death sighing. " Good little Tina, do you know?   You are sold to the Baron of Jauioz." " Mother, is it true what I have learned i   Is it true that I am sold to the old Jauioz î " " My poor child, I cannot say; ask your father." " Little father, tell me, is it true that I am sold to Loys of Jauioz? " " My child, I do not know; ask your brother." " Tell me, brother Lannik, am I sold to this seigneur? " " Yes! You are sold to the baron and you go to him now, without delay; the price of your sale is paid, fifty white silver crowns and as many of shining gold." " Good mother, if you please, what clothes shall I put on? My red dress or the white woollen dress that my sister Hélène made me? My red dress or my white dress, and my little bodice of black velvet? " " Put on what clothes you will; it matters little, my child. There is a black horse at the door waiting for the opening of night, waiting for the moment when night shall begin, a horse all equipped to take you." She was not far from the hamlet, when she heard the bells ring. Then she began to cry: " Farewell, Saint Anne, farewell bells of my country, bells of my parish, farewell! " As she passed the Lake of Agony, she saw a band of the dead, clothed in white, in little boats. She saw the dead in crowds and her teeth chattered against her breast. As she passed through the Valleys of Blood, the dead darted after her; and her heart pained her so that, closing her eyes, she lost consciousness. " Sit and rest yourself till the hour of the repast draws near." The seigneur sat close to the fire, as black as a raven; his beard and hair were white, his eyes like burning coals. " Here is the young girl for whom I have waited so long. Let us go, my child, and, seeing my riches, you shall learn to appreciate me. Come with me from room to room, my beautiful one, to count my gold and silver." " I would rather be with my mother, counting faggots for the fire." " Let us go down to the cellar together to taste wine soft as honey." " I would rather have the meadow-water that my father's horses drink." " Come with me from shop to shop, and we will buy a wedding cloak." " I would rather have a skirt of cloth that my mother had woven for me." " Let us go then to the wardrobe and find gay trimmings for borders." " I would rather have the white braid that my sister Hélène hemmed for me." "To judge by your words I fear that you do not like me. Might I have had an abscess of the tongue on the day that I was fool enough to buy you, when nothing can console you! " " Dear little birds, as you fly, I beg you to listen to me. You go to my village, and I, I cannot go; you are gay, I am sad.   Give my love to all my playmates when you see them; to the good mother who bore me and the father who cared for me, to the old priest who baptized me. Say farewell to them all for me, and to my brother that I pardon him." Two or three months later, towards midnight, her family were in bed peacefully resting. Neither within nor without was any sound; they heard a gentle voice at the door: " My father, my mother, for the love of God pray for me; pray and mourn; your child lies on the funeral trestles." CORRESPONDENCE BALMONT To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—Your contributor, Madame Ciolkowska, is in error in stating that the translations by René Ghil and Alexandra de Holstein are the first French renderings of Balmont. M. Jean Chuzewille's Anthologie des Poètes Russes, which was also published by Oes (in 1914), contains eight poems. M. Montagu-Nathan A DETAILED MOMENT OF CONSCIOUSNESS (Continued from page 150) which stage it was able effectually to block the track of consciousness against its newly energized successor. Nevertheless the latter, though handicapped by a late start, managed to win by a neck and took possession of the conscious held before its rival could muster its concluding word. By this time, however, the second phase also had been belied and rendered out of date, and capacity had again changed to incapacity. (39) The repeated failures appeared now to cause the muscular action to deteriorate, and from this point to lose its " true " feeling. Action became headlong. Very quickly I became aware of a painful sensation about the eyes. Attending to this, I found I was jerking the eyeballs in a diagonal movement from left to right upwards with very considerable violence: apparently in a futile effort to fling the eye into a position which would entail the covering of the untraversed distance. These efforts served no purpose beyond the overstraining of the muscles of the eye. The foolscap sheet was no longer in existence. Apparently the eye movement was only one of many co-ordinated movements involved in the " construction " of that imaginary form, and the repetition of the one apparently was not finding accompanying conditions favourable to the mustering of effects produced by a co-ordinated scheme as a whole. It was in noting the enactment of this movement that I became aware for the first time that my eyes were closed and that they must have been so from beginning to end of the incidents set down. At this point we abandon the narrative. The incidents recorded will be sufficient to illustrate our immediate position. DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Readers will doubtless be glad to know that the Dialogues of Fontenelle translated by Mr. Ezra Pound, which appeared in twelve numbers of The Egoist, have been reprinted in book form and are now ready (price 1s. 3d., postage 1 1/2d.). Orders should be sent to The Egoist Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.I. Peasant   Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street,  Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs ##160 THE  EGOIST November 1917 POETRY A  Magazine   of  Verse Edited by HARRIET MONROE One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A.  $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- " The Best Magazine — by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. It has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. Subscribe at once—the April number began Vol. VIII. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning............................................................................... Name.................................................................................................................................... Address............................................................................................................................. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion." All advertisements must be prepaid. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By JAMES JOYCE (6s. net; postage 4d.) PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT (1s. net; postage,  1d.) Please send me_.- __.for which I enclose_ Name__-- Address _-- Orders,  accompanied   by   Remittance, should  be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited, Oakley House, Bloomsbury St., London, W.C. The Little Review " THE MAGAZINE THAT IS READ BY THOSE WHO WRITE THE OTHERS " The following Authors have contributed or will contribute to the current volume (begun May 1917) : W. B. YEATS (14 poems) LADY GREGORY (complete play) FORD MADOX HUEFFER (prose series) ARTHUR SYMONS (complete play) WYNDHAM LEWIS (regularly) T. S. ELIOT EZRA POUND (London Editor) ARTHUR WALEY (translations from the Chinese) "jh." MARGARET ANDERSON, Editor Yearly Subscription: England, 7/-; U.S.A., $1.50 THE LITTLE REVIEW 24 West 16th Street, New York City, U.S.A. 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 Enclosed please find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription.................. Name.................................. Address................................ The POETRY JOURNAL EDITORS EDMUND R. BROWN BLANCHE SHOEMAKER WAGSTAFF If you are a reader of poetry, this is the one magazine you cannot afford to miss. Every issue contains twenty to thirty pages of new poetry; important reviews,of new books of verse; selections—in the Counsellors' Tavern— from the poetic opinion of all time; selections from new volumes; lists of all new books and magazine articles on poetry; and poems of distinction in the current magazines selected for The Poetry Journal by William Stanley Braithwaite. In making a selection of poetry to print, the Editors are not restricted by considerations of subject, school, or length. Complete plays, long narrative poems, odes, and shorter pieces of all kinds and of all schools are published. The Poetry Journal represents an anthology of the best verse produced by modern poets, and is a complete record of the poetic renaissance. Monthly.       Fifteen cents a copy.       51.50 per year Canada $1.62. Foreign $1.74 Published by THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY 67 Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. For Sale at the Poetry Bookshop, London. Printed at The Complete Peess, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at Oakley House. Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##