The Crisis VACATION NUMBER THE CRISIS Volume Four AUGUST, 1912 Number Four ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY "Our Heroes of Destiny" Honorables Frederick Douglass, John M. Langston, Blanche K. Bruce, Paul Laurence Dunbar and Booker T . Washington I desire to thank the readers of TH E CRISIS and my large number of friends for their very enthusiastic support and appreciation of the Special Edition of "OUR HEROES OP DESTINY." POPULAR EDITION While the orders for the Special Edition have been most gratifying, there has been a constant demand for a cheaper one. In response to these numerous requests I am glad to announce that a Popular Edition is on the press. In producing this Edition there is neither a sacrifice of quality nor workmanship, as I was fortunate in securing a specially processed paper, which will defy even the eyes of an expert in distinguishing it from the Special Edition. The price of the Popular Edition is fiftv cents, postpaid. #3FThe Special Edition, which ss on JAPAN VELLUM, will. by no means, be discontinued, and those of the particular sort who desire may have one forwarded to them for One Dollar, postpaid. INDIVIDUAL PORTRAITS The Individual Portraits arc beautiful gravures, 11 by 14 inches, handsomely mounted and ready for framing. Price, fifty cents. A partial list of those now ready includes: Frederick Douglass Booker T. Washington Mrs. Booker T. Washington Blanche K. Bruce John M. Langston W. E. B. Du Bois This illustration is protected by copyright. Any infringement 	Paul Laurence Dunbar Rev. C. T. Walker will be prosecuted Judson W. Lyons T. Thomas Fortune "OUR HEROES OF DESTINY" TESTIMONIALS Rev. Dr. R. C. Ransom, New York City, says: children of their homes the meaning of the "Your splendid production of 'Our Heroes lives of these five men," of Destiny' marks the era of perpetuating characteristic and faithful likenesses of the Mrs. B. K. Bruce, Washington, D. C , says: famous men and women of our own race, to "I am indeed glad to say that 'Our Heroes be handed down to younger generations, inspir of Destiny' is the most creditable work of art that has yet been produced of and for our ing them with ideals which if carefully nurtured people. The life likeness of the entire group in their young lives will in their mature apes is exceedingly good. It is a fitting memorial prove excellent examples of pure and dignified worthy to be in every home. manhood and womanhood. "If we are to perpetuate the memories of "No home where there is a child should be our own great men, it must be by keeping without a copy of this excellent work, and no their portraits ever before our youth, and parent that feels the love and loyalty of higher familiarizing them with the true meaning of race development should fail to teach the their lives. AGENTS —Here is a proposition that will net you a substantial monthly income, whether you devote all or spare time to it. My extensive advertising; creating a demand for these pictures, insures quick sales, and their superior quality makes each purchaser a satisfied customer. YO U would be interested to know how I train my agents by correspondence and make them successful salesmen. Write for particulars. . M.Battey ARTIST AND PUBLISHER C , 322 Mott Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 26 Vesey Street, New York City. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, Editor r. . * i J. MAX BARBER FRAN K M . TURNER . Circulation Manager Contributing J CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL cditors W.S. BRAITHWAITE ALBON L. HOLSEY, Advertising Manager KELLY MILLER Subscription: $1.00 a year; 50 cents for six months. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Subscription! to begin with current issue or changes of address must reach us before the 15th of the previous month. CONTENTS FOR AUGUST PAGE ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 MEN OF THE MONTH 170 OPINION 174 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLOR ED PEOPLE 177 EDITORIAL 180 WHAT TO READ • 183 MARY DUNLOP MACLEAN 184 VACATION DAYS 186 THE SERVANT. By Fenton Johnson 189 LESSONS FRO M RUSSIA. By I. M. Rubinow 191 THE BURDEN 196 HISTORIC DAYS IN AUGUST. By L. M. Hershaw 197 Agents wanted who can furnish references. Entered as second-class matter in the P. 0. at N. Y. City TH E CRISIS OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS Tone Placing and Voice Development Practical method of singing for daily practice, based upon artistic principles, together with a carefully prepared number of exercises, forming a comprehensive, progressive and self-explained course in voice building, which constitute the technical side of the vocal art. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, Ill., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 20, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written hook on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. ' 'Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P.. "Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago."' Price $1. Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. or Clayton F. Summy, 64-66 E. Van Buren .St. (8teinway Hall Bldg.), and Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams ami Wabash Sts., Chicago, Ill. The A NOVEL Quest by of the W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS Silver Drawings by Fleece H. S. DE LAY Here is a story of the darker world in the South and in Washington, D. C. It is dramatic in style and absorbing in interest and expresses the feeling of colored people about themselves and their own problems; at the same time it shows how both black folk and white are caught in the power of King Cotton. AT AL L BOOKSTORES PRICE $1.35 NET A. C. McCLURG &amp; CO. New York Chicago San Francisco Mention TH E ADVERTISER The NEGRO AND THE ELECTIVE FRANCHISE No. 11. Occasional Papers AMERICAN NEGRO ACADEMY An Opinion Worth While. "I find more patriotism and statesmanship in this pamphlet by colored men than in all the contributions made on the subject by white men since the Civil War." A. E. PlLLSBURY. Inclose 35 cents to J. W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann Street. N. W . Washington. D. C. PUBLICATIONS A. M. E. Book Concern Philadelphia, Pa. THE POEMS OF PHILLIS WHEATLEY. Reprint of first edition 1773; a valuable book. Price. $1.00. THE NEGRO PROBLEM. An analysis: What It Is Not and What It Is; by R. R. Wright, Jr. In pamphlet form, 15 cents. THE COLORED REGULARS. By T G. Steward, Chaplain U. S. A., retired. Price, $1.50. EVOLUTION AND LIFE. By Algernon B. Jack- ion, Surgeon-in-chief Mercy Hospital. Price, 75 cents. THE NEGRO IN PENNSYLVANIA. A Study in Economic History. By H. R. Wright, Jr., Sometime Research Fellow in Sociology in the University of Pennsylvania. Price, Paper, $2.00; Cloth, $2.50. Address A. M. E. BOOK CONCERN 631 Pine Street. Philadelphia. Pa. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 15 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta. Ga. GREAT CALAMITY IN PHILADELPHIA SOCIETY "Who's Who In Philadelphia" Latest and greatest book of the season. Biographic sketches and cuts of leading colored citizens, with illustrations of their principal institutions, and other valuable information. 208 pages. By Charles Fred. White, author of "PLEA OF THE NEGRO SOLDIER " and a hundred other poems. Introduction by Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr. PRICE, $2.00 Chas. Fred White 1508 Lombard Street, Philadelphia CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FORWARD MARCH YOUR SON OFF TO Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Qa. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-one years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere Noted for Honest and Thorough Work Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. 'Fall Term Begins September, 1912. For information address President R. W. McGranahan KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Wilberforce University A College Department, of high standards and The only school in the country for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government, and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS MILITARY SCIENTIFIC NORMAL TECHNICAL COMMERCIAL THEOLOGICAL CLASSICAL MUSICAL PREPARATORY Banking taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 Acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. • Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained in part by the State of Ohio which supplies facilities for the thorough -training of teachers. Fall term begins September, 1012. Write for Catalog. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President WM.	 A. JOINER. Superintendent, C. N. I. Department. Address all communications to BOX 36 WILBERFORCE, OHIO modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. • The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Fisk	 University NASHVILLE, TENN. The largest colored college in the South. A new department of sociology and social service. A notable equipment in land and buildings. Endorsed by the General Edu cation Board. For information address GEORGE A. GATES, President Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man ============= ANONYMOUS = = = = = = A book unique in the annals of the Negro race. A s a document it reads more strangely than fiction. Professor Charles Alexander, the well-known lecturer, says of the book: "It should have a wide reading among the Negroes of this country because it tells the story of a soul-life of the race in an inimitable manner, by a member of the race who has lived two lives, or in two worlds, the black and the white." Although just off the press, the book has already created much interest and the attention of the press, secular and religious, Negro and white, has at once centered upon it. W e quote briefly three well-known papers: " A unique publication of surpassing interest to our people."—Cleveland Gazette. "A n intensely interesting and exceedingly able portrayal of the experiences of a man in an exceptional situation, and with very unusual opportunities to observe the condition of the colored race in this country."—Zion's herald. "The most wonderful story of self-revelation, either in fact or fiction, that has been published in many years."—Springfield (Mass.) Union. 210 pages; handsomely bound in cloth; $1.30 postpaid SHERMAN, FRENCH &amp; COMPANY, Publishers 6 BEACON STREET, BOSTON Avery College Training Schools NORT H SIDE, PITTSBURGH, PA. A superior training school for young colored women, thoroughly instructing its students as a means of self-support in dressmaking, cutting and drafting, domestic science, music, nurse training, millinery, and an intermediate English course. This institution is under the influence of no religious denomination, is the oldest endowed chartered Negro institution in America. The accommodations in its dormitory, which is in charge of a competent matron, are excelled by no colored institution in this country. The hospital department offers the same course as the large hospitals of the State of Pennsylvania, fully equipped with its operating rooms, diet kitchen and ambulance service. The course requires three years' lectures on general nursing, anatomy, ethics, surgery, obstetrics, asepsis, antiseptics, gynecology, pediatrics, eye, nose, throat, materia medica, therapeutics and dietetics under a staff of white and colored physicians. Catalogues now ready. Address all communications to JOSEPH D. MAHONEY, Secretary Bo x 154 Nort h Side, Pittsburgh, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Volume Four AUGUST , 1912 Number Four ALONG THE COLOR LINE ECONOMICS. ACCORDING to the Coming Nation, at the second annual convention of the Brotherhood of Timber Workers, nearly one hundred delegates were present, representing local unions in the States of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Florida. Fraternal delegates representing the Farmers' Union and the Industrial Workers of the World were present. On every issue the convention was progressive to the core, and was an epoch-making event in the history of the Southern working class. No longer did the bugaboo of "nigger domination" disturb the workers, and they seemed to have forgotten entirely that such a thing as a "damned foreigner" ever existed. Native-born whites, Italians, Mexicans and Negroes all stood together in one solid phalanx of workers fighting against the peon kings of the South, who are among the worst exploiters of labor on the face of the globe to-day. From a trustworthy source we learn that colored and white timber workers have been organized in mixed locals, and this despite the fact that in some of the Southern States the laws prohibit public gatherings of black and white. &lt;J Despite the law prohibiting "night riding and other riotous conspiracies," written notice was given the Negroes employed by J. H. Whipple and Joe Stidham, planters in Craighead County, Ark., to leave the county. The residents objected to the Negroes being brought into the community to work, and. boldly signed their names to notices that were served upon them to depart "instanter and never return." The Negroes reported the matter to Whipple and Stidham, who laid the proposition before the prosecuting attorney, being determined, if possible, to protect their labor from unlawful intimidation. Forty-six arrests followed. The farmers say they were unable to obtain white labor, and in order to protect their interests imported Negro labor. The officers announce that they will see to it that the Negroes are not harmed "so long as they attend to their own business." Nine of the forty-six men arrested were released by the justice of the peace to whom the case was referred, it having been proven that a few names were signed by persons without authority, while others signing were mere boys. Of the thirty-seven bound over in $500 bail to await the action of the grand jury in November, two are ministers, one a deputy sheriff and one a constable. Al l the defendants gave bond. C Secretary of Agriculture Wilson announces that during the present year the farmers' co-operative demonstration work of the Bureau of Plant Industry will have thirty-two Negro agents in the field. &lt;&amp; The United Garage Company, capitalized at $15,000, is the name of a new corporation which has recently been organized in Boston. Its object is to build, maintain and lease 164 THE buildings for the storage and keeping and repairing of automobiles and other motor vehicles, and also to sell and operate the same. A tract of land has been purchased on Minon Street, Back Bay, at a cost of $0,000, on which to put the necessary buildings of the plant. 9 Another recent financial institution added to the fifty-odd banks already in successful operation among the Negroes of this country is the Lincoln State Savings Bank, corner of 31st and State Streets, Chicago, Ill. It opened its doors for business the morning of -May 6 under very favorable conditions. &lt;J One thousand four hundred Negroes are employed in the Treasury Department, receiving salaries that aggregate more than $1,000,000 yearly. &lt;J The thirteenth annual meeting of the National Negro Business League will be held in Chicago Wednesday, Thursday and Fri day, August 21, 22 and 23. The local Negro Business League of Chicago has secured the Seventh Regiment armory for the sessions. EDUCATION. THE Hampton Negro conference took place on July 17 and 18 at Hampton Institute. The needs of Negro rural life, progress in hygiene and sanitation, the minister and the community were among the subjects discussed. &lt;J The problem of health and the decreasing birth rate were thoroughly discussed at the Tuskegee summer school conference. &lt;J The summer school at Nashville, Tenn., of the Agricultural and Industrial State Normal School recently erected by the State of Tennessee for the benefit of Negroes is proving popular with the colored people of the State and country. Fully 250 teachers from all sections of this State and from Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Georgia, Oklahoma, North Carolina and Missouri are attending the summer school. «J The thirteenth annual session of the State summer school for Negro teachers at the Agricultural and Mechanical College, Greensboro, N . C , opened with the largest and most representative attendance of Negro teachers ever assembled at the college. CRISIS &lt;J Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois lectured during July at the summer school at West Virginia Institute and at the National Religious Training School at Durham, N . C. •I Dr. Charles H . Parkhurst of New York spoke at the commencement exercises of the National Religious Training School at Durham, N. C. He laid great emphasis upon vigor and robustness of character, which he declared were "made, not born." Hundreds of teachers are attending the Chautauqua at Durham, and Dr. James H . Dillard and Professor Kelly Miller have been among the lecturers. &lt;I The Negro Teachers' Institute which met at Montgomery, Ala., is obligatory for teachers in the public schools of the city and the county. Al l such teachers must attend for four days or have their State license withdrawn. A t the thirtieth annual meeting of the Georgia Association of Teachers in Colored Schools, Professor P. C. Parks, director of agriculture at Clark University, made a strong plea for agricultural education. "Where the people are most prosperous and agriculture is at its best," he said, "the farmers own the land they till. In Denmark eighty-nine out of every one hundred of the farmers own the land they cultivate; in Germany eighty-seven out of every hundred own the land they cultivate; and in Belgium eighty out of every hundred of the farmers own the land they till. But the reverse is true with the farmers in Georgia; sixty-five out of every hundred farmers rent their land, and eighty-five out of every hundred of the Negro farmers rent the land they cultivate, and seventy-five out of every hundred of these renters move every year. A man cannot be a good farmer if he moves every year because it takes two years, and sometimes three, to grow some of the profitable crops." Professor Parks told of the formation of the Atlanta Federation of Schools for the Improvement of Negro Country Life. "The schools which are thus far in this movement," he said, "are Atlanta University, Clark University, Atlanta Baptist College, Spelman Seminary, Gammon Theological Seminary and Morris Brown College. " A twofold purpose is stated in the constitution of this organization: First, to ALONG THE COLOR LINE stimulate and encourage self-help among the Negroes; second, to co-operate with the people of the State and of the South in the improvement of farms and farm life. "One immediate line of procedure determined upon is the forming of corn clubs among the Negro boys of the State. The results of only a few weeks' work show nine counties definitely organized with an enrollment of 322 boys as active contestants and three or four more counties in the process of organization with good promise of success. "It is further proposed as a result of this work that a corn show be held this fall in Atlanta as a demonstration of the results secured by this movement. The federation has provided $200 to be given in prizes to the boys who are successful contestants in producing the largest amount of corn on an acre of ground." Q Another large industrial school for colored boys and girls, modeled closely after Tuskegee Institute, has been started near St. Louis. Its president is Dr. W. Alexander D. Venerable, a colored graduate of the University of Kansas and the Kansas Agricultural School. The board of trustees is composed of well-known white business men in St. Louis. After investigating the plans for the new school, the Carnegie Foundation, it is reported, has promised to give $100,000 to the school when it has raised its first $100,000. Mr. Adolphus Busch of St. Louis, Mr. Julius Rosenwald of Chicago and others have contributed generously toward its endowment. Mother Superior Katherine Drexel, founder of the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament for Indians and Colored People, and a member of the Drexel family of Philadelphia, will establish a parochial school for Negro children in the Harlem Negro colony in New York. The school is to be on 132d Street, between Lenox and Seventh Avenues, and will be run by Mother Drexel out of the income of $6,000,000 left to her by her father. &lt;J After a lengthy and at times acrimonious debate, the House of Representatives recently passed a bill conveying to the board of education of New Hanover County, N . C , thirty-four acres of land in the city of Wilmington for the erection of an industrial school for Negroes. POLITICAL. i SENATOR FRANCIS G. NEWLAND of Nevada submitted to the committee on resolutions at the Democratic convention at Baltimore a constitutional amendment that would disfranchise the Negro, and bar the yellow races from entrance to the country, except for temporary purposes. "Experience having demonstrated," reads the plank, "the folly of investing an inferior race with which amalgamation is undesirable with the right of suffrage and the folly of admitting to our shores peoples differing in color with whom amalgamation is undesirable, we declare that our constitution should be so amended as to confine the right of suffrage in the future to people of the white race and we favor a law prohibiting the immigration to this country of all peoples other than those of the white race, except for temporary purposes of education, travel or commerce." 1 Charles Edward Russell is nominated for governor of New York on the Socialist ticket. Mr. Russell is one of the founders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a contributing editor of TH E CRISIS. •J The delegation to the National Independent League in Philadelphia refused to adopt the report of the executive committee condemning Theodore Roosevelt and President Taft as unfriendly to the true interests of the colored race, and asking the colored population of the United States "to stand back of the presidential candidate most available to the defeat of the ex-President and the man who was his Secretary of War at the time of the Brownsville affair." ; Upon this refusal a number of the delegates bolted. The bolters are made up of some of the charter members of the league and hold offices in the organization. Among them are J. M . Waldron, Washington, the first president of the league, and its national organizer for three terms; William M . Trotter, Boston, editor of the Guardian, the official organ of the league; William D. Johnson, second vice-president; Byron Gunner, New York State, fourth vice-president; Emory T. Morris, Cambridge, Mass., national committeeman. They are all charter members. The league has decided to appoint a committee to wait upon the three presidential 166 . THE candidates and to put the following questions to them: ''Are you in favor of equal rights and opportunities for colored citizens, and will you contend for them if elected?" ''Are you opposed to lynching and lawlessness, and will you, if elected, labor to make lynching a crime against the national constitution punishable by the federal government ?" "Will you use every effort to have Jim Crow car laws and disfranchisement amendments to the State constitutions abolished?" &lt;I Representatives of the National Colored Democratic League, an organization of colored Democratic clubs, with members as far west as Colorado, and as far south as Mississippi, met in conference at Baltimore June 25, and remained in the city until the adjournment of the national Democratic convention. Bishop Alexander Walters of the A. M. E. Zion Church, president of the league, presided. A t the national Democratic convention Bishop Walters and Mr. Robert N. Wood, representing the New York members, and the Rev. J. Milton Waldron, representing the National Independent Political League, presented the following resolution from the Democratic platform of 1872, asking that it be inserted, as a plank in the present Democratic platform: "We recognize the equality of all men before the law, and hold that it is the duty of the government in its dealing with all the people to mete out equal and exact justice to all, of whatever nativity, race, color or persuasion, religion or politics." Bishop Walters, who read the resolution, was received with every mark of courtesy by the resolutions committee. He spoke for five minutes, urging the necessity for a really Democratic government and the breaking down of all barriers which would keep the two races from a common effort to uplift humanity. Rev. Mr. Waldron said that the colored men he represented realized the time was ripe for a Democratic victory and urged the insertion of a plank in the platform deploring lynching. Mr. Wood prefaced his remarks by saying that he was not speaking for the colored man but for his country. He addressed himself especially to the Southern members in his CRISIS effort to show them that by retarding the colored man's progress they were really working an injury to themselves. He emphasized the point that the colored American wanted no favors, no privileges, simply "justice." PERSONAL. HOWAR D P. DRE W of Springfield, A Mass., owing to a sprained thigh muscle, was unable to run in the finals of the 100-metre flat race at the recent Olympic games. HOWARD P. DREW Hoping against hope that he might be able to start, Drew donned his running togs and went out to the starting post, but had to be helped back. "Tough luck," said a well-known American, standing nearby, and many who heard him answered: "It is." Drew was a warm favorite in this event. Michael J. Murphy, official trainer of the American Olympic team, said: "It was unfortunate that the little colored boy Drew broke down. But for that unfortunate happening I believe he would have proven America's greatest sprinter since the days of Wefers. I say this without underestimating Craig's fine running." ALONG THE COLOR LINE The Reverend Henry L. Phillips, D. D., of Philadelphia, has been appointed archdeacon for church extension among the colored race in the diocese of Pennsylvania, the first appointment of its kind north of Mason and Dixon's line. Dr. Phillips' entire ministry has been spent in Philadelphia. THE GHETTO. TO protest against the placing of a Negro woman in the city jail of Topeka, Kan., the white occupants of the cell set fire to a mattress in the middle of the room and nearly suffocated themselves with the smoke before the warden heard their outcry and opened the door. &lt;J A great deal of discussion has been going on in St. Louis relative to the proposed segregation of Negroes, and an ordinance confining the colored people to certain sections of the city and excluding them from other parts will be submitted shortly to the municipal assembly. 9 At Luling, Tex., a number of Negroes received notice warning them either to vacate their buildings or to leave the town permanently. The notices were all written on the same kind of paper, in the same handwriting and signed A x Man, Majority and Gamge No. 25. Some of the Negroes began to move out of their buildings immediately. The officers have the matter under investigation, but have failed to find any clue as to who are the guilty parties. •1 The Dominican Congress of San Domingo has passed an immigration law which admits only white persons as settlers. Other immigrants may enter only with the consent of the government. CRIME. ON June-25 a colored woman was lynched at Pinehurst, Ga. A n account is given under "The Burden." «J The lynching of the Negro woman who killed her white mistress at Pinehurst, Ga., was deplored by President Taft. He believes all implicated in the lynching should be punished. "I cannot speak too strongly of my utter detestation of the crime of lynching," said the President. "I do not know the circumstances of the lynching of the Negro woman at Pinehurst, Ga., but I greatly deplore it. "I do not know any remedy for such lawlessness except a better general enforcement of the criminal law and the punishment of those engaged in the lynching." 9 On June 13, near Rochelle, in Wilcox County, Ga., McHenry, a Negro who wounded a planter, C. S. Ritchie, was lynched. McHenry was a tenant of Ritchie's and the two quarreled, the Negro shooting Ritchie, but not inflicting a serious wound. McHenry was taken to the Ritchie home and identified by the wounded man. Then the mob of "leading citizens" hanged the Negro to a tree near the Ritchie home and cut the body to pieces with bullets. When Ritchie was shot he was attacking the Negro because the latter was tardy in going to work. •I A Negro who has been in prison in Connecticut for twenty years has just been pardoned, it having been discovered at this late day that he was innocent of the crime of which he was convicted. He was convicted on circumstantial evidence. &lt;J Dan. Kirk, a Negro, was set upon by six white men at the junction of the Edenborn and Baton Rouge and Hammond Railroads, north of Baton Rouge. Kir k says the men were all under the influence of liquor and announced that they did not propose to let any Negroes prowl around at that time of night. They beat Kir k severely and shot him in the neck as he fled. &lt;I H . C. Matthews, a convict guard in Robeson County, N . C , shot and perhaps fatally wounded an unknown Negro whom he thought to be an escaped convict. &lt;J Because he testified against white liquor sellers in this section, which is prohibition territory, Forest Boland, a Negro well known in Lucedale, Miss., was shot to death by vigilantes. This testimony was given before the grand jury, and the sheriff's office is working upon the theory that the crime was due to this cause. The Negro, who was a prosperous small farmer until recently, when he moved into the town of Lucedale, generally was regarded as a good citizen, and had given liberally to help members of his race. It is stated that he used every effort to prevent 168 THE their being the victims of the "blind tigers," so common in this section. It is known that he went before the grand jury with evidence against certain of these liquor dealers. Circumstances tend to show that late at night a message called Boland out in front of his house. Neighbors heard a number of shots. When Boland's body was found it was on the back gallery of his house, through which ran a trail of blood. &lt;I John Clark, a Negro in the county workhouse near Marshall, Tenn., was beaten to death by the guard. Clark was passing rocks and because he was slow in his movements the guard struck him on the head with a hickory stick, dealing terrific blows. Clark after this severe beating became dazed, and an hour later was beaten again by the guard. The second beating resulted in his death. &lt;J The San Francisco Bulletin tells the full story of the Negro murderer, Delhante: "When white men, mad with race hatred, dragged an unoffending Negro lad from a grocery wagon on the streets of Joplin, Mo., in a riot nine years ago, and stamped on his head until they crushed it into a well-nigh shapeless pulp, they did more than mutilate a human being. They made Edward Delhante what he is to-day. They changed him into an irresponsible brute, nursing a dull hatred which, whenever the recurrent pains in his distorted head became unbearable, flamed into a passion for crime. "Society has not dealt kindly with this broken man. A Negro-hating mob's heels ground out the human from his brain and made him akin to the beasts. Poverty-stricken, friendless, colored and marked with the brand of a felon, Delhante has been just something to kick and curse—something to loathe and abuse for over nine years of his wretched existence. "And now Delhante has come to the end. He is sentenced to be hanged, and, strange to say, he seems relieved. "A convict in San Quentin, sent there for an unspeakable offense, he was shunned as a degenerate, and the bitterness of his ostracism poisoned what was left of his manhood. In a delirium of hate he broke from the ranks in the prison yard, leaped upon William Kauffman and stabbed him to death. Then he turned his murderous weapon upon William Peterson and wounded him so severely that, for a time, it was expected that he, too, would die." CRISIS MEETINGS. THE fourth annual session of the Empire State Federation of Women's Clubs was held the first week in July in New York. The sessions were largely attended. Among the speakers were Dr. George E. Haynes, of the Urban Committee; A. L. Holsey, of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and others. The president, Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, delivered her annual address. With the exception of the treasurer, the officers were all re-elected for the ensuing year. 9 The eleventh ^annual convention of the Ohio Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met in Cleveland July 3, 4 and 5. Delegates from all parts of the State • were in attendance. The twelfth annual session of the Federation of Colored Women's Clubs of Kansas was held in Topeka June 19 and 20. Mrs. L. B. Harris, a former vice-president of the federation, was made president. *i Meetings to be held during the months of August and September are as follows: The Knights and Daughters of Tabor at Louisville, Ky., August 27; the National Negro Business League at Chicago, on August 21; the Odd Fellows at Atlanta, Ga., September 10, and the Baptists at Houston, Tex., September 11. SOCIAL UPLIFT. THE Negro fresh-air committee of New York is raising $10,000 for a fresh-air and convalescent home for colored people. In its appeal it says: "There is no place where a large party of colored boys or girls between 6 and 12 1/2 years may go for an outing, nor where a colored patient of any age, discharged from a hospital, may go at any time." «I The New York Urban Committee of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes is about to open an employment bureau. &lt;I Headley Park has been formally dedicated to the Negroes of Nashville, Tenn. *J The board of county commissioners recently decided that unless the city of Indianapolis and Harry D. Tutweiler, playground commissioner, permit colored children 'to ALONG THE play in the newly opened playground in the courthouse yard, the playground will have to go. ''We do not believe in showing any discrimination against colored children," said Commissioner Kitley. "The playground is for all of the children and the city has no right to exclude colored children." MUSIC AND ART. ONE of the most significant musical events of the year, the annual music festival of the Litchfield County Choral Union, was held at Norfolk, Conn., early in June. Madame Maud Powell, the distinguished violinist, played S. Coleridge-Taylor's new violin concerto, giving the first public performance of this work. Of the concerto Musical America says: "It contains interesting melodic material and piquant rhythms." Another contribution to the program was the cantata " A Tale of Old Japan," written by Coleridge-Taylor. &lt;J Miss Clarice A . Jones of Washington, D. C , was among the pianoforte pupils who graduated in June from the Ithaca, N. Y., Conservatory of Music. Miss Jones took a prominent part in the May recital. &lt;J J. Elmer Spyglass, baritone, of Toledo, 0., sailed June 15, from Rotterdam, Holland, to America. After his graduation from the Toledo Conservatory of Music, Mr. Spyglass went abroad, where he has* spent a number of successful years as a singer. &lt;J Miss Sinclair White of Chicago, Ill., who graduated June 18 from the Chicago Musical College, took part in the commencement program, playing the first and second movements of Sitt's concertina in A minor. Miss White, who is a violinist, was the winner of the diamond medal awarded in the "teachers' certificate class." Accompanied by her mother she leaves shortly for Russia, where she is to have the advantage of five years' study. &lt;J The graduating class of the New England Conservatory of Music, Boston, Mass., included three colored students—Miss Beatrice Lewis, pianist, Washington, D. C.; Miss Mary R. Page, soprano, Langston, Okla., and Mr. William Speights, tenor, Charleston, S. C. COLOR LINE Miss Page and Mr. Speights are the first colored students to graduate from the vocal department of the conservatory; both have done excellent work. Miss Page is a former graduate of Langston University, Oklahoma, an institute of which her father, Prof. Inman Page, is president. The colored schools of Chickasha, Okla., have secured Miss Page as instructor in vocal music. Mr. Speights, who entered the conservatory as a graduate from the Edward Waten College in Florida, will be engaged this fall in concert work. &lt;J Miss Helen Hagan, who graduated this year at the Yale University School of Music, has for the third time won scholarships from this school. She has been awarded the Sam uel Simons Sanford Fellowship, which pro vides for two years' study abroad. The fellowship was given for the best original composition. At the concert given in May in Woolsey Hall, Miss Hagan played her concerto in C minor for piano and orchestra. She was accompanied by the New Haven Symphony Orchestra. Besides the prize concerto, Miss Hagan has to her credit a group of songs, pianoforte pieces, violin and piano sonatas and string quartets. &lt;J A lecture and recital was given in June in Pittsburgh, Pa., at Carnegie Music Hall, by Madame E. Azalia Hackley, the well-known soprano. Mrs. Eugenia L. Prioleau is taking a postgraduate course at the New York Conservatory of Music. Mrs. Prioleau conducts a school of music at Sumter, S. C. fll During the month of June there was an exhibition at the Veerhoff art gallery in Washington, D. C, of a bust of Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, the work of Mrs. May Howard Jackson. Leila Machlin, art critic, speaks of the bust in the Washington Star. '"It has been pronounced an excellent likeness and is undoubtedly well modeled. The head is well placed on the shoulders, the expression is vital and good,.and the play of muscle, the turn of surface, the intimation of mobility are well rendered. Mrs. Jackson studied some years ago in Philadelphia under capable masters. Her work shows good teaching and, on the artist's part, real promise." JOANNA P. MOORE ONE of the figures prominent at the ^"•^ National Association's Chicago conference was Miss Joanna P. Moore. Born in 1832 in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, Miss Moore, from 1863 to the present day, has devoted herself to the uplift of the Negro race. She tells the story of her life of self-sacrifice and toil and deep spiritual joy in a little book published by the Women's Baptist Home Missionary Society of Chicago, entitled "In Christ's Stead." One sees in it, as one sees in her face, undiminished vigor and purpose. The most distinctive note in Miss Moore's work has been her emphasis upon the training of the parents in the home. Before the Chautauqua movement she had a Chautauqua among the black people, of the South. Her Fireside Schools, as she called them, grew out of her experience as a teacher among the former slaves. She saw that instruction must not stop with the school, the MEN OF THE MONTH church or the Sunday school, but must be continued about the fireside. So in each place that she visited, through Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, she organized the parents in associations and instructed them in the fundamental ethics of the home. They promised to teach their children household work, to try to spend their money to make the home beautiful with books, pictures and music, rather than to use it in outside pleasures. They were to study the Bible with their children, and prayerfully to strive to practice its precepts. A little paper entitled Hope, published first in 1885, and continuing to the present time, keeps the various Fireside Schools in touch with their founder. Through many vicissitudes this noble and courageous woman has continued her difficult task, and thousands of virtuous colored homes of the South owe their being to her influence. Besides her Fireside Schools she founded in New Orleans the Faith Home for the Aged Colored. In Baton Rouge she conducted a boarding school for young colored girls, future "fireside mothers," but the vicious among the whites, jealous of the educated Negro, practised such horrible methods of intimidation that this school, for which she had received over $2,000 in money, a great sum in those early days, had to be given up. She opened a reading room when teaching in Morgan City, La., placing it between two disreputable saloons, and brought many colored men into her home of temperance. Wherever she worked for the people she so dearly loved she gave them the highest that she knew. In a recent letter to the editor of THE CRISIS she says: "Send in appeal and appeal against injustice to those in authority so intense and so urgent, and by so great a number, that they must needs listen to you. It seems to me that, comparatively speaking, only a very few care for those who suffer. They have MEN OF THE MONTH 171 not the courage to stand for the right and suffer. I have been in the dark places and know the neglected and suffering ones. The half has never been told, but it is far, far better than in the days of slavery. There is a bright side; we must keep it in view or we will lose heart. The light has dawned, thank God!" STEPHEN MORRELL NEWMAN 'T'H E presidency of Howard University has been filled by Dr. Stephen Morrell Newman. Dr. Newman was born in West Falmouth, Me., in 1845. He graduated from Bowdoin College in 1867 and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1871. Seventeen years later Bowdoin College conferred upon him the honorary degree of doctor of divinity. He was pastor of the Congregational Church of Taunton, Mass., of the First Church at Ripon, Wis., and of the First Congregational Church at Washington, D. C. In 1906 he was elected to the presidency of Eastern College at Fort Royal, Va. He resigned this position in 1907 to become president of Kee Mar College for Women, Hagerstown, Md . From 1880 to 1882 he was professor of mathematics and biology at Ripon College, Wisconsin, and is a member of many scientific societies. AN INVESTIGATOR IN BIOLOGY. PROFESSOR ERNEST E. JUST, associate professor of biology in the College of Arts and Sciences of Howard University, is attracting wide attention as an investigator. He has just published in the March number of the Biological Bulletin, the organ of the Marine Biological Laboratory of Wood's Hole, Mass., a paper on "The Relation of the First Cleavage Plane of the Entrance Point of the Sperm." This article is illustrated by a number of drawings made by the author from living specimens and is the first of a series of studies of biological topics upon which Professor Just is engaged. Authorities in this field believe that his investigations have settled the long standing dispute on the issue involved. Professor Just was born in Charleston, S. C.f in 1883. He received his early education in private schools and at the Orangeburg State School. He was ERNEST E. JUST graduated from Dartmouth College in 1907 and at once entered the service of Howard University as instructor, becoming later assistant and then associate professor. He is on the list of authorized investigators of the Wood's Hole Laboratory, where he spends his vacations in research work. THE CRISIS THEODORE CABLE THEODORE CABLE graduated from the Shortridge High School, Indianapolis, 1908,, and from Phillips-Exeter Academy, 1909. He entered Harvard in 1909 and made the freshman team in throwing the hammer and 220-yard dash. He won the Yale freshman meet with a throw of 117 feet. During his sophomore year he broke Harvard's record with a throw of 150 feet at the spring games and won against Yale with 148 feet. He was then chosen to go abroad, and that summer won third place against Oxford and Cambridge. In his junior year he won the 56-pound championship for height in Madison Square Garden, New York. At the Dartmouth meet he made a throw of 154 feet 11 2/5 inches, which not only set a dual-meet record but established a new Harvard record. This May in the Yale meet he won in the hammer throw, 154 feet 11 1/4 inches, and also the broad jump of 22 feet 101/2 inches, and on June 1 he won first place in the intercollegiates at Philadelphia, with a throw of 162 feet 4 inches. He is 21 years old and weighs 180 pounds. Cable counts as his staunch guide and friend Coach Quinn, whose sympathy and patience, combined with Cable's own tenacity and endurance, have brought such extraordinary success. Theodore Cable's mother, Mrs. Mary E. Cable, is principal of one of Indianapolis's most attractive grammar schools. She is a woman of splendid energy, good sense and keen knowledge of the needs of children. She has given her son every advantage at college. MEN OF THE MONTH THE LATE EDWIN CLARENCE HOWARD EDWIN CLARENCE HOWARD, M. D., who died at his home in Philadelphia, May 10, 1912, had a unique and useful career. He was a native of Boston, as were his paternal forbears for several generations. On bis mother's side he was a member of the well-known Turpin family of New York. He was born in 1846 and his school life was spent in his native city. In 1861 he went to Liberia and there studied under Alexander Crummell and Edward W. Blyden. He returned to the United States in 1866 and entered the medical department of Harvard University, from which he graduated in 1869. Upon receiving his degree he was made surgeon in the Massachusetts militia, but he soon left for Charleston, S. C , where he practised at his profession, for three months. At the close of the summer of 1869 he went to Philadelphia, where he remained, a practising physician, until his last sickness and death. Dr. Howard ranked high in his profession, and paved the way for the many successful physicians of his race in Philadelphia to-day. In 1870, during a terrible smallpox epidemic, he never lost a case. In 1872 the great Dr. Gross, confirming Dr. Howard's diagnosis of an extremely difficult and complicated case, sent the colored physician a commendatory letter and a copy of his works. He was a member of his county's medical society, and represented it at the physicians' national convention in 1898. Dr. Howard was one of Philadelphia's best citizens. He was on the school board, a committeeman of the city's peace jubilee in 1898, a founder of Mercy Hospital, an organizer of the Frederick Douglass Hospital, and ex-president and founder of the Citizens' Club. He served at his profession faithfully and well for forty-three years. THE LOVER OF HIS COUNTRY The following lines were written by James Russell Lowell in 1874 when justifying to a friend his years of bitter attack upon the institution of slavery: "I loved my country so as only they Who love a mother fit to die for may; I loved her old renown, her stainless fame— What better proof than that I loathed her shame?" OPINION "JIM CROW" MATTERS. "THE NEGROES DOWN in  THIS PART  of the land of the free," writes the St. Luke Herald of Richmond, Va., "if they do any traveling in these hot days must feel deep resentment at the way in which they are treated by nearly every road in the South. It is a burning shame to compel Negroes to pay the same fare as that paid by white passengers, and then give them cattle-car accommodations. "In these warm and perspiring days Negroes are cooped up in the smallest possible space in one end of the baggage car. But they are not even allowed to occupy this limited space", for the news butcher comes along and occupies two seats in the 'Jim Crow' corner and the conductor generally occupies two seats with his belongings usually just across from the newsboy. "The smoking compartment on the C. and O. trains is a stifling, narrow affair, into which four persons may squeeze and stifle should they desire to smoke. Usually one toilet of the narrowest dimensions and primitive appointments serves both male and female travelers. Dirty tin cups are sometimes furnished for drinking purposes, while the car just in the rear, or the car beyond the white smoking car, generally has a lavatory with soap and towel and a glass for drinking purposes. The aisles in the white coaches are generally carpeted-, while the aisles in the 'Jim Crow' car are as innocent of carpet as the floor is of cleanliness. "When the few seats in the Negro compartment are filled, notwithstanding the law provides that the Negro passengers may then be seated in the car for the whites, the Negroes regardless of numbers and regardless of heat and all inconveniences crowd the aisles and stand on the platform until leaving passengers make room for them. "The picture is a most unpleasant one; and these conditions will continue and get worse with the increase of Negro travel, until the Negro begins a systematic organized protest to the railroad authorities, to the State corporation boards and to the Interstate Commerce Commission at Washington." While we read much in our own papers of the white American's distaste for the Negro, it may not be amiss for us to learn the 'attitude of the foreigner toward the white American. In this connection the London Standard publishes the following: "In the course of visiting many of our great coast resorts to inquire into the question why more American visitors are not attracted during the winter, spring and autumn seasons, it was found that in several prominent towns a surprising prejudice exists with respect to American visitors. "One found Frenchmen and French women, Germans, Austrians and Russians very welcome visitors, but the feeling against the American was quite general. "One hotelkeeper said—and his words are given exactly as uttered: " 'I do not want these Yankees in my place. They may be wealthy, but they are excessively mean and want their money's worth every time. After the Americans we have had, I don't think they are any sort of advertisement. In fact, I believe a hotel which is notedly frequented by Americans loses or is avoided by the best class of English and other visitors. " 'American visitors of wealth have the most barbarous manners. The men throw their shaving papers on the bedroom floors, spit indiscriminately about the stairs and vestibules, drown conversations in the drawing and reception rooms, swagger about and dress in such a fashion that one really would be ill paid by raising the tariffs 100 per cent, to them. Then again they are difficult because other guests cannot help commenting and laughing outright. " 'When Americans arrive here we like to OPINION know something about them before we state that we have accommodations, and under such circumstances can you blame us?' "A t another resort the same question arose. There the leading authority in town said: " 'We welcome French and Germans but not Americans. They are always talking money, thinking money, dreaming money, but only under compulsion are they spending it. They invade the place and act as if they had bought it. Their method of addressing servants reminds one that they insult Negroes whenever they get a chance on principle. I know of no hotelkeeper who could refuse an American, but I know of few who are delighted to see them.'" worried to death all the time just prior to elections by committees and factions from the black districts of the State wanting the appointment of certain election commissioners, the excuse being that the Democratic ticket is imperilled because of the excessive number of Negroes in those districts. As a matter of fact, the real purpose is to deny the Negro the legal right which he now has to vote. "Again, this practice has been carried on until it has not stopped with the Negro, but has been extended by the dominant factions to the counting out of white men's votes. "Let us be sincere and honest in what we are doing; be open and fair, and state openly what we intend to do." THE GOVERNOR OF ARKANSAS. The governor of one of the States of the Union pledged to uphold the Constitution of the United States has given out the following statement: "I am in favor of the passage of the grandfather clause amendment to the State constitution. From every viewpoint it is better to eliminate the Negro from politics. In the South racial conditions will not permit of his engaging in politics. Several States in the South have the grandfather clause. It is better for the Negro, because when he does not engage in politics he will cease to antagonize the white man, can look better after his own affairs and in every other way obtain a better recognition. "Then, so long as we do not permit the Negro to vote anyway, why not do it legally instead of by the process of elimination? It is true that there are a few Negroes who ought to be permitted to vote, but as a race it would unquestionably be bad policy to permit their voting by the wholesale. "Statistics show there are in the neighborhood of 100,000 Negroes of voting age in Arkansas. If one of them is entitled to a vote all are. This number would be sufficient to carry any election in the State. In Jefferson County alone there are about 6,000 Negroes of voting age and 3,000 white voters. The same ratio exists in many other counties of the State. "B y all means let us pass this amendment to the constitution, and then let us have absolutely fair elections between white men. Let every white man's vote be counted just as he votes it. As the matter now stands, the State board of election commissioners is AMERICANS AND CUBANS The Montreal Witness gives the following searching criticism of our attempts at intervention in Cuba: "The hatred between man and man that has sprung up recently in Cuba, and is now manifesting itself in war, is pitiable and the greatest disaster that could have befallen the island. Had this hatred been caused by some greed, such as a boundary dispute or the uneven distribution of wealth, some compromise would have finally laid it to rest. A hatred based on the ineradicable color distinction between the races has a base as deep in the savage nature of the black as well as the white as is their mutual antipathy to a crawling snake. For many years it has lain dormant, and the Cuban with his Indian blood, the Negro and the Spaniard have dwelt together with no social quarrel, treating each other, if not with mutual respect, at least with mutual toleration. The seed of the tree that grew the apple of discord was a discrimination in the distribution of patronage by the government of the republic. The Negroes were given very little, and so started to form themselves together as a political force. After some years of steady growth the fruit of the tree took concrete form in a bill passed by government making it an offense to form a political party on racial lines. This was a measure designed to prevent the natural effect of a cause, and not as it should have been, one designed to uproot the cause. The whites have taken the stand that to them, and they will be, at least for another couple of generations the governing race, belong the spoils and so 176 THE have raised a dispute that will long smoulder. "The United States is, one would think, the last government on earth capable of interfering for good in such a dispute. Only last year President Taft had the daring to appoint a very capable Negro lawyer, of Boston, as first assistant to his Attorney-General. This was the highest appointment ever given to a colored man, giving him almost Cabinet rank. The appointment was so resented by the white people that the association of the bar met and disbarred him. Though the Negro population number approximately ten millions in the United States, and though they have proved themselves splendid soldiers, they are not even allowed government employment as privates (the lowest class of all in public employment) in proportion to their numbers. Intervention by the United States in Cuba can only be on behalf of the whites, and can only aggravate and make permanent the racial division. As 'the population of the island is divided almost equally between white and colored, every one will be touched by it. Some, indeed, very intimately, for the races have lived so long together and intermarried so freely that it is hard to see where the line between white and black can be drawn. It can never now take the example of the Southern States and account every one with a trace of colored blood black, as this would place President Gomez himself and some of his cabinet on the black side. "The United States might far better seek to have the difference arbitrated at the Hague, than to interfere by landing troops, and so nullifying the responsibility not only of the present but of any succeeding Cuban government." AS RUSSIA SEES US. The Literary Digest has an account of a meeting in Russia to protest against the action of the United States in revoking the treaty of 1832, because Russia discriminated against American Jews. The Digest shows that the speakers were well informed. One of them, a man named Lavnov, said: "The complaint of the United States that the Jews are oppressed in Russia is a piece of monumental hypocrisy. To understand the hypocrisy of the United States, remem ber the condition of the Negroes there. The Negroes in the United States are full citizens, CRISIS but no Negro can obtain the right, no matter how much money he may be willing to pay, to ride in a first-class railway coach. In the State of Virginia a few years ago a Russian was arrested and "put in jail for a month because, as a mark of protest, he sat in a Jim Crow car and talked in a comradely way with the Negroes. As for lynching,need only mention the news published in to-day's St. Petersburg papers telling of a case of three who were shot by the mob at the very time they were on trial in court." THE SOUTH'S AWAKENING. Current Literature re marks that there is an almost lyric rapture in the accents of Southerners these days when they write of the growth of the South, and quotes some of the rhapsodies. One of them comes from the pen of Philip R. Kellar in Uncle Remus' Home Magazine: "No longer," he proclaims, "may we speak of the South as 'a lazy man's land. "The South," he assures us, "comprises approximately one-third of our entire population. Foreign exports from Southern ports amount to 36.4 per cent, of the total from the country, or $747,448,478 worth; $944,000,000 worth of exports, or nearly 47 per cent, of the total for all the United States, originate either directly or indirectly in the South. "To-day the- South annually produces $2,600,000,000 worth of grain, live- stock, vegetables, fruit, etc., on her farms; $2,690,000,000 worth of manufactured goods in her factories; $440,000,000 worth of forest products, and $280,000,000 worth of minerals; a total of $6,010,000,000 added each year to the wealth of the nation. "Forty-six years ago few men or women in the South were producing enough to live even half comfortably. To-day, for every man, woman and child, white and black, there is a production of $217.75 annually, and the once bankrupt South has $1,160,000,000 of deposits in her banks, $2,120,000,000 invested in her manufactures and $21,500,000,000 worth of property." The history of the human race, the same writer goes on to say, has no record of such a quick and complete recovery from such a state of desolation. Six billion dollars, he muses, is twice as much as all the slaves in the South were valued at when the Civil War began. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE THE National Association for the Ad *• vancement of Colored People was one of the affiliated associations meeting with the National Conference of Charities and Correction at their thirty-ninth annual conference in Cleveland in June. A meeting was held on the afternoon of June 17, which was well attended. President Charles T. Thwing of Western Reserve University presided. The speakers were Dr. Du Boise, Mrs. Florence Kelley, Hon. Julian W. Mack, Mr. Charles W. Chesnutt and Miss Mary White Ovington. The citizens' committee of Philadelphia, of which mention was made in the last number of TH E CRISIS, is considering becoming a branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. On June 19 Prof. J. E. Spingarn addressed the committee. In the afternoon of the same day he addressed the graduating class of the Frederick Douglass Memorial Hospital and Training School. The association is to be congratulated upon the addition to its legal committee of Mr. Charles A. Boston, of the firm of Horn-blower, Miller &amp; Potter, of New York. Mr. Boston is a Baltimorean and a graduate of Johns Hopkins University. His conspicuous ability as a lawyer and his earnestness and success in advancing the cause of justice are too well known to need more than a mention. The association sent a telegram to the governor of Georgia protesting against the lynching of Anne Bostwick. A representative was also sent to the scene of the crime, but was unable to secure any facts in addition to those given under "The Burden" in another part of this issue. The association is printing a new pamphlet, "The Objects of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People," by Oswald Garrison Villard. This was published in the June number of THE CRISIS and formed part of Mr. Villard's address at the Chicago conference. The following pamphlets are being reprinted: "Leaving It to the South," by Charles Edward Russell; "Social Control," by Jane Addams; "Disfranchisement of the Negro," by Rev. John Haynes Holmes. Legal counsel for the association, after investigation, reported on the following segregation cases: In Greenville, S. C , Goldsmith Brothers, mentioned under the "Ghetto" in the July number of TH E CRISIS, had been prevented from purchasing a $65,000 piece of property by the passage of the "customary form of segregation ordinance." Since the property could not be conveyed, owing to the passage of this ordinance, they also lost the $150 they paid down to bind the bargain. This they cannot recover because they "broke their contract." In Mooresville, N . C , Mr. Coble, also mentioned in the July number of TH E CRISIS, plans to test the segregation ordinance by commencing to build. In Winston-Salem, N . C , the sentiment is so bitter that in case the present ordinance is held invalid the white community has declared its intention to pass one even more stringent. Progress in the Baltimore case is indicated by the following letter from our attorney: June 27, 1912. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 26 Vesey Street, New York City. GENTLEMEN : Acting under your instructions, and at the request of Mr. Hawkins, the local attorney,had an interview, together with Mr. Hawkins, on June 20, 1912, with Judge Elliott of the Criminal Court in Baltimore, and a representative of the district-attorney's office. Since 178 THE we arranged, some two months ago, for the prosecution of this case, Mr. Hawkins has been doing his utmost to have it brought on for argument, but owing to various reasons the district-attorney's office has procured repeated adjournments. The result of the conference above mentioned was that the case should be set down for argument without fail on August 26 next, the reason for the delay being that Judge Elliott, before whom the case will come up for hearing, goes away on his vacation this week and will not be back until August 21. Very truly yours, C. AMES BROOKS. In Richmond the association's counsel re ported as follows: A test case is now before the courts, having been brought by a Mr. W. L. Waring, a property owner, on behalf of certain colored tenants of his who have been prosecuted under the terms of the segregation act. The case we think is a very good one, as the question both of the ownership and tenancy of property is involved, four of the people whom Mr. Waring represents being tenants, the fifth having purchased a piece of land from Mr. Waring. The case is being handled by Mr. William L. Royall, of Richmond, and will come up for final disposition early in the fall. During June 102 new members were added to the association. The Lewis matter, reported from time to time in TH E -CRISIS, will come up for decision at the annual meeting of the American Bar Association at Milwaukee this month. In June the National Association, over the signature of Mr. Villard, sent circular letters of protest to many prominent members of the American Bar Association. The following is a copy of the letter sent to members of the committee on increase of membership: June 3, 1912. M Y DEAR SIR: Noting that you are on the committee on increase of membership of the American Bar Association, I am taking the liberty of laying before you the views of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in regard to the cases of the three colored lawyers, Messrs. William H. Lewis, William R. Morris and Butler R. Wilson, who are members of the American Bar Association. We have a direct personal interest in this controversy because one of these gentlemen, Mr. Butler R. Wilson, is secretary of the Boston branch of our organization which is formed to fight against any such exhibition of un-American and race prejudice as is endorsed by the action of the officers and executive committee of the American Bar Association. The board of directors of our organization wishes to express to you its profound regret at the action of the executive committee and believes this action to be illegal and contrary to the principles of justice for which your CRISIS association must stand. We cannot think that it reflects the opinion of the body of high-minded intelligent men who make up your membership. There is a growing criticism to-day of the attitude of the courts in the United States toward colored men. We ourselves have found numerous cases of discrimination solely because of color. If an organization pledged '' to advance the science of jurisprudence,' to promote the administration of justice," shows its race prejudice by excluding a man regularly elected into its membership when it finds that he is colored, this criticism will be justified; and it will be justified as applied to men high in the legal profession, whom we have had a right to believe stood for the impartial administration of the law to black and white alike. We wish to express to you our profound conviction that the effort to dismiss from your membership, because of their color, men of merit and high attainment is a denial of justice and a blow at democracy. Very respectfully, OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Chairman of the Board of Directors. In acknowledgment of this letter Mr . Louis Newberger, of the firm of Newberger, Richards, Simon &amp; Davis, Indianapolis, writes in part as follows: This matter was first brought to my attention by Attorney-General Wickersham, whose views I fully endorsed, and on the suggestion of Mr. Wickersham protested to the secretary of the American Bar Association against the action so taken. The object of the American Bar Association, as stated in its constitution, is "to advance the science of jurisprudence, promote the administration of justice and uniformity of legislation throughout the Union, uphold the honor of the profession of the law and encourage cordial intercourse among the members of the American bar," and "any person shall be eligible to membership in the association who shall be and shall, for five years next preceding, have been a member in good standing of the bar of any State.'' It will thus be seen that there is no lawful basis for the action of the executive committee, while such action measured by just humani tarian considerations is abhorrent. I am in full accord with the views expressed by you and shall attend the forthcoming meeting of the association at Milwaukee and do what I can to right the manifest wrong attempted to be done to Messrs. Lewis, Morris and Wilson in the action heretofore taken by the executive committee. Mr. John P. Nields of Wilmington, Del., says: I have already written to Mr. Lewis in regard to his unfair treatment by the committee of the American Bar Association. I share the regret of your committee and can be counted on to express my indignation. THE N. A. A. C. P. Mr. Ansley Wilcox, of Wilcox, Bull &amp; Van Allen, Buffalo, expresses his disapproval as follows: I am wholly out of sympathy with the action of the officers of the association in connection with colored members, and feel that a great mistake has been made. Mr. George B. Young of Newport, Vt., thus states his position in relation to the colored members: I have personally known Mr. Morris for a number of years and always thought well of him. I have felt and have expressed to the executive committee the feeling that the association is making a grave mistake in attempting to expel these members from the association. Mr. Yorke-Allen, of Allen &amp; Sabine, New York, expresses himself as follows: I agree with everything you so well say in your letter. At the time of the occurrence I wrote to the secretary expressing the view that the action of the executive committee of the American Bar Association was not only beyond its powers, but also a gross outrage and an absurd example to set to a race whose superiors they affected to be. It is, however, unthinkable that the association as a whole will stultify itself and its professed objects by endorsing the said action of its committee. Such a course would indeed be a wicked denial of justice and a blow at democracy. In reply to a second circular letter also sent out over Mr. Villard's signature, Mr. Adrian H . Joline, of Joline, Larkin &amp; Rathbone, New York, writes: I wish to say that I have already signified in the only way permitted so far my opposition to the proposed action of the American Bar Association with regard to its colored members and am in accord with Mr. Wickersham in his views. Probably an unlooked-for effect of the-action of the committee upon prospective members in the American Bar Association is indicated by the following letter: WHERRY &amp; MORGAN Attorneys- at- Law 43 Cedar Street New York May 23, 1912. Mr. Charles J. O 'Connor, Chairman Committee Increase in Membership, American Bar Association, 1522 Tribune Building, Chicago, Ill. DEAR SIR: I have your letter of May 1, 1912, urging me to join the American Bar Association. Ordinarily one would feel gratified to receive an invitation to join an association distinguished by the names of so many prominent members of the profession. In the present case this is not so. As counsel for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a large part of my professional labor is devoted to enforcing the rights of colored citizens of the United States, and obtaining redress for wrongs due to race prejudice. As the American Bar Association presents a signal example of this race prejudice and of discrimination based on this prejudice, it is impossible for me to consider your request. Yuurs very truly, WILLIAM N. WUERRY, JR. In contrast to these opinions we quote from Bench and Bar, the monthly magazine for lawyers, Vol. 28, No. 3: Membership in the American Bar Association confers certain privileges of a character which imply social intercourse upon a basis of equality. To a very large proportion of the membership of the association, however thoroughly each one might respect the attainments, ability and character of a colored man, this sort of association would be violently distasteful. Certainly in this sense, and to this extent, the introduction of a colored man to membership is unfortunate, and it seems to us to be a mistake so serious as that it should be corrected, if this may now be done. A number of well-known clubs in New York City and elsewhere countenance racial discriminations. We have been informed, for example, that it is the settled policy of the Union League Club of New York City, of which we understand the present Attorney-General of the United States to have been once a member, to exclude Hebrews from membership. Personally, we know many Hebrews who are the most delightful of intimate and personal associates, and yet upon entering such a club, or continuing one's membership therein, one would not criticise or denounce its settled policy or seek to oppose or override it by circularizing its members or otherwise. And perhaps it may be observed, parenthetically, that those excluded on the ground of race are, if otherwise eligible, the last to make audible protest against the ban. Delicacy and gentility forbid. We are told also that the association of the bar of New York City, of which the Attorney-General is likewise •a member, has never admitted a woman to membership, though there are said to be a number of capable women lawyers in New York City. So far as we know neither of these regulations has caused great outcry, nor has either given rise to any postcard campaign by members, public officials or others, though perhaps the time is approaching when there will be no longer racial discrimination in clubs, nor will any lawyer be excluded from a bar association on the ground of race or sex. But such a time appears not yet to have arrived, and the consensus of the members, without internal officiousness or exhortation, is assuredly entitled to determine when a change of this far-reaching character shall be brought about. EDITORIAL POLITICS. H E colored voter now stands face to face with the great question of the proper use of his elec toral franchise. Under normal conditions 2,000,000 of the 20,000,000 votes which might be cast at a presidential election would belong to the race, and some day, despite every effort of fraud and race prejudice, those votes are going to be cast. To-day, however, of the 15,000,000 or more votes which will actually be east for President, some 500,000 will be black men's votes. What shall we do with these 500,000 ballots ? First of all we must teach ourselves to regard them seriously. The Negro-American is not disfranchised; on the contrary, he is a half million votes this side of disfranchisement and that is a long, long way. There have been "but two or three presidential elections since the war which have not been settled by a margin of less than a half million votes, and in every single election since the proslavery compromise of 1850 such a number of votes distributed at strategic points would easily have decided the presidency. The votes of black Americans are today at strategic points. We may, of course, leave the South out of account: on account of illegal enactments and brazen fraud, democratic government exists in the South only in inchoate and incomplete form. The presidential election is probably going to be decided by the Middle West and the States of New York and New Jersey. New York and Ohio have each between 40,000 and 50,000 colored votes; New Jersey, Illinois and Indiana have each 30,000 or more. Is there any political prophet who would risk his reputation on the possibility of any one of these States being carried by more than 20,000 majority? There may be majorities of 50,000 or 100,000 in one or two of the States, but the chances are that the colored voters hold the balance of power in every one of their States and thus have the power to say whether William Howard Taft or Woodrow Wilson shall be the next President. If colored America had long political experience and wide knowledge of men and measures, it would organize the black voters of each State into a solid phalanx. It would say to this phalanx: white and colored voters in this land are selling their votes too cheaply. B y the use of a "slush fund" of $3,000,000 Theodore Roosevelt was able almost to split the Republican party. You could easily sell your votes next November for one or two millions of dollars, but that is too cheap. Yo u could easily sell your votes for an Assistant Attorney-General, a Register of the Treasury, a Recorder of Deeds and a few other black wooden men whose duty it is to look pleasant, say nothing and have no opinions that a white man is bound to respect. This also is too cheap—it is dirt cheap. What price should you ask. for 500,000 votes, black America? You should ask this: 1. The abolition of the interstate "Jim Crow" car. EDITORIAL The enforcement of the Thirteenth Amendment by the suppression of peonage. 3. The enforcement of the Fourteenth Amendment by cutting down the representation in Congress of the rotten boroughs of the South. 4. National aid to elementary public schools without class or racial discrimination. Is this price too much to pay for a presidency? It is not if you dare ask it. Who then would pay it? Would William Howard Taft pay it? There has not been in the presidential chair for fifty years a man so utterly lacking in initiative and ideal as Mr. Taft. His abject surrender to Southern prejudice and reaction has been simply pitiable: He began his career by defending disfranchisement ; he followed this by promising to appoint no black man to office if any white man protested; and in spite of the fact that over 200 Negroes have been publicly murdered without trial during his administration, the utmost that 10,000,000 black men have elicited from his lips is a hesitating statement that he is sorry—and helpless. An y colored man who votes for Mr. Taft will do so on the assumption that zero is better than minus one. As to Mr. Wilson, there are, one must confess, disquieting facts: he was born in Virginia and he was long president of a college which did not admit Negro students and yet was not honest enough to say so, resorting rather to subterfuge and evasion. A man, however, is not wholly responsible for his birthplace or his college. On the whole, we do not believe that Woodrow Wilson admires Negroes. Left to himself, we suspect he would be like Mr. Johnson, the new dean of Yale. Mr. Johnson is a Southerner, and recently told a colored applicant that Yale did not want "Chinese, Jews or Negroes." The ideal of such folk would be a world inhabited by flaxen-haired wax dolls with or without brains. Notwithstanding such possible prefer ences, Woodrow Wilson is a cultivated scholar and he has brains. We know that there are several hundred millions of "Chinese, Jews and Negroes" who have to be reckoned with, and that the date at which the "blond beast" will inherit this earth has been, to put it mildly, indefinitely postponed. We have, therefore, a conviction that Mr. Wilson will treat black men and their interests with farsighted fairness. He will not be our friend, but he will not belong to the gang of which Tillman, Vardaman, Hoke Smith and Blease are the brilliant expositors. He will not advance the cause of oligarchy in the South, he will not seek further means of "Jim Crow" insult, he will not dismiss black men wholesale from office, and he will remember that the Negro in the United States has a right to be heard and considered; and if he becomes President by the grace of the black man's vote, his Democratic successors may be more willing to pay the black man's price of decent travel, free labor, votes and education. Outside of these two men, what else ? We thank God that Theodore Roosevelt has been eliminated. How many black men, with the memory of Brownsville, could support such a man passes our comprehension. Of Eugene V. Debs, the Socialist candidate, we can only say this frankly: if it lay in our power to make him President of the United States we would do so, for of the four men mentioned he alone, by word and deed, stands squarely on a platform of human rights regardless of race or class. OHIO. HIS fall the colored voters of Ohio have, a wonder ful opportunity; the 40,000 or 50,000 votes which they cast will undoubtedly decid e whether women shall vote in that State and whether the last of the infamous black laws shall be swept from the statute book. 182 THE The enfranchisement of women means the doubling of the black vote at the point where that vote is needed. If woman suffrage wins in Ohio, it will sweep the Middle West and East in less than a generation. A s Negroes have a larger proportion of women than the whites our relative voting importance in the North will be increased. Moreover, we need above all classes the women's influence in politics—the influence of the mother, the wife; the teacher and the washerwoman. In the African fatherland the women stood high in counsel. We need them here again. It would be very bad, indeed, if the colored vote should be adverse to enfranchising women, even though it were not the deciding factor, for the day has gone by forever when colored men could get a respectful hearing for their protest against their own disfranchisement if, when offered the opportunity for voting for enfranchising their mothers, wives and sisters, they should fail to do so. For still another reason it will be unfortunate if the Ohio Negroes vote against votes for women; the vote will be analyzed with keen and eager intelligence, and the results studied for future use. The colored voters will turn many possible friends into critics, to put it mildly, if they inflict upon women that disfranchisement which all thinking people deplore when applied to the Negroes themselves. The general proposition that women ought to have the right to vote surely needs no argument among disfranchised colored folk: Women are workers; workers should vote. Women are taxpayers; taxpayers should vote. CRISIS Women have brains; voting needs brains. Women organize, direct and largely support the family; families should vote. Women are mothers of men; if men vote, why not women? If politics are too nasty and rough for women voters, is it not time we asked the vote of women to cleanse them ? Is there a single argument for the right of men to vote, or for the right of black men to vote, that does not apply to the votes for women, and particularly for black women? m ANARCHISM. H E CRISIS has continu ally insisted that peon age, false arrest and in justice in the Southern courts were responsible for the mass of so-called Negro crime. The testimony to this comes continually from white Southerners themselves. In nearly every Southern State this has been asserted from time to time in official reports, but perhaps the latest and strongest of these confessions comes from Alabama. The Federal grand jury of Jefferson County says that justices and constables are deliberately enriching themselves by a system of extortion and intimidation: '' For victims, whether male or female, it singles out, in every instance, those too poor or ignorant, too humble or frightened to protect themselves. A very large majority are Negroes. Were they not Negroes, but members of a more resentful race, anarchism would-be prevalent." WERE THEY NOT NEGROES! WHAT TO READ Conducted by JESSIE FAUSE T Seeking the Best. By Otis M . Shackelford. Burton Publishing Co., 1911. Perhaps we can best describe this volume by quoting a line from its dedicatory note. "A n autobiography, entertaining, instructive and inspiring. Ten chapters of true stories and interesting episodes in the life of the author." Thus much is true and more, for the book, while not great literature, has a style so attractively simple and naive that one insensibly turns many a page before he puts it down. The author's motive for writing is cer tainly very praiseworthy, and one for col ored men and women to consider. "We must have," he says, "some one to perpetuate our memory in letters, or our past will indeed be a thing of the past. It is unfair and unreasonable for us to expect men of the other race to do this for us. We must tell our own tales of woe and sing our own songs of gladness." m A Narrative of the Negro. By Mrs. Leila Amos Pendleton. Published by the author, Washington, D. C , 1912. Now, at last, it would seem, we have an historian of no mean ability who has arisen in answer to our need. Too much credit cannot be given Mrs. Pendleton for the interest and effort manifested in the con ception and execution of her book. The modest title and the slenderness of the volume hardly lead the reader to suspect the comprehensiveness of treatment which actu ally awaits him. For this book treats not only of the Negro in the United States, but considers bis condition here only as an im portant phase of his general history. This last is surveyed from his earliest days in Africa. Viewed in this light one gains a new idea of the immense historical value of the Negro and of the persistence with which he plays his part in the drama of nations. •Despised, hated, debased, exploited in every imaginable way by every nation on every continent, the Negro still is. And so out of the blackness of despair springs eternal hope. The colored American would do well to put this book in the hands of his children, to let them know that they, too, have great men and splendid women. In these pages is told the story of Toussaint L'Ouverture, of Denmark Vesey, Nat Turner, Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman. We know too little of the cause for the fame of these characters—if, indeed, we know of them at all. Whereas, these are names to conjure with—to inspire in all people of color high purpose, unflinching courage, great persistence. When one thinks of the fearful odds in slavery times against the black man who dared to try to lift his head, and then remembers that these people dared—there is nothing finer in all history. And these people are ours, not the borrowed types of a hostile race whose members hold us persistently aloof. The style is simple, concise and very readable—the general presentation on the whole is very commendable. m Poems. By H. Cordelia Ray. The Grafton Press, New York. One is impressed by the versatility of this author. Her little book contains almost every sort of poetic form and deals with almost every imaginable subject. The quality of the verse is uneven, perhaps, but much of it is very, very good. Often her choice of terms for her word pictures is quite happy. Take the following: "Wan statues stare in gardens fair, Proud in their cold beseeching." The ballads are very interesting. They have a distinct flavor of old far-off times and reveal much of the poetic atmosphere in which this author undoubtedly moves. Mary Dunlop Maclean On Tuesday, July 9, Mary Dunlop Maclean, since its inception the managing editor of TH E CRISIS, was in her office helping with the Vacation Number that should go to the printer in its entirety by the end of the week. She made many last notes, for the senior editor was away on his vacation; then closed her desk, and drove to the hospital. '' I shall be gone only a few weeks,'' she said, and gave a cheery good-by. But the operation proved more serious than had been expected, and after two days of struggle to regain strength, on Friday, July 12, her brave heart ceased to beat. Of the many friends of TH E CRISIS and the association none gave so fully of the leisure snatched from a busy life. She came to us in 1909, after our first conference. She had been deeply stirred by what she had heard and seen, and she asked the chairman if she might be of service. She was a newspaper writer—was there not something she could do that would be of help? Such an offer was eagerly accepted, and during the following summer and autumn she edited and superintended the publication of the proceedings of the First National Negro Conference. In November of the next year TH E CRISIS was started, and it was then that the association began to understand its great acquisition. One of the best newspaper women in the country, she brought to TH E CRISIS an attractive literary style, a rare judgment, and an amazing ability to accomplish a prodigious amount of work in a minimum amount of time. She carried on a large correspondence with CRISIS contributors, she edited Opinion and Men of the Month, and her judgment was appealed to many times in the making up of the magazine. In the busy days of proofreading and dummying she did her full share. She and the senior editor toiled together long hours, good comrades both, unwearied in their efforts to make each number of TH E CRISIS a little better than the last. She had a profound belief in the genius of the man with whom she worked and was inestimably helpful in her criticism and praise. This was her free and glad gift to our cause. But in the meantime she earned her livelihood as a member of the staff of the Sunday Times, and each week saw two, three, sometimes four articles written between Monday morning and Thursday night. Each had her distinctive style, and was entertaining as well as instructive. One of her last articles was an account of a recent book on law by the National Association's president, Mr. Moorfield Storey. She was a good linguist, and would come to our office in the morning with a volume in French on "Primitive Man " (she was especially interested in this subject), and before the day was over she would have written a delightful running account of the best the book contained. Her memory was remarkable. She never took notes during an interview; but her reports were so accurate, she so well and so entertainingly reproduced the man and his ideas, that those who had met her once were always glad to stop and give her of their busy time. A t the colleges and libraries and museums of the city she made many friends.' She was born in the tropics, at Nassau, on one of those lovely West Indian islands that gleam pure white amid the ravishingly blue waters. The gaiety and kindliness of the Southern land was her birthright. She danced along the bright beach, and had a merry word for all who crossed her path. When a child of six she was invited to a fancy-dress party, and her mother, doubting her ability at costume-making, mourned to the child's father that she could not make a proper dress. "Put her in any gown she has," the father answered, "and name her Sunbeam." And so we name her in our hearts. With the rest of us dismal and rainy days are not uncommon; but, however hard life touched her, the sunlight was always in her face. She was most kindly in her judgments. She liked the French saying: "H e has the faults of his qualities." The "quality," the ability that abides in each of us, this she always recognized. For the rest the fault was only a shadow, a negative accompanying a fine and worthy nature. Her affection for the Negro began with her birth. Reared among the black and colored people her heart knew no color line. The island of her birth, under British rule, was generous to the Negro and wholly free from the lawlessness so common in the land of her adoption. The colored boys and girls with whom she played were her good friends and remained so throughout her life. When a girl of 16 she was sent to Boston to complete her education; and there she found the New Englanders somewhat aloof and chill. But there was one girl with dark hair and rich brown coloring who won her heart. They soon became friends; but after a few weeks the Boston girl with brave New England conscience came to her new friend and told her that she was colored. The answer was a laugh and a warm handclasp. "It must have been that that made me at once care for you,'' she said; '' you make me think of home." Throughout her life, ah, so short, for she had not reached middle age when she died, she was at home with colored folk. An d they responded swiftly to her straightforward affection and sympathy. As I sit here at her desk, striving clumsily to do the work she did so well, listening, unconsciously, for her footstep, starting at each sound of a voice in the adjoining room; I ask myself what would she wish" me to write could she stand beside me and, laying" her hand on mine, guide my pen? Her bright spirit sees not dimly now, but face to face. Would her word be like this? The dear earth is very foolish. It is making such a pother about color and race and forgetting the spirit in man. As though for one moment of the eternal moments it matters whether a man's skin is black or white or red or yellow, whether he lives in a palace or a cabin. These things are not life. They are only shadows. Forget them and stand in the sunlight of gentleness and brotherhood—the light most precious. M W. O. VACATION DAYS "Breeze is blowin' wif perfume, Jes' enough to tease you; Hollyhocks is all in bloom, Smellin' fu' to please you. Go 'way, folks, an' let me 'lone, Times is gettin' dearah— Summah's settin' on de th'one, An' I'm a-layin' neah huh!" THE CRISI S has asked its readers for information regarding vacation days, and has received answers from all points of the compass, from Florida to Michigan, from Maine to Alberta. Looking through these many communications we may gather a few important facts. One fact, all too evident, is that few of our readers are able to leave their work for any length of time. "We're too busy trying to earn a living," they write, "to think about summer resorts." To this large body of people the picnic, the evening car ride, the excursion to some neighboring park is the only escape from the city's toil and heat. . "How arc you welcomed when visiting picnic grounds and parks?" we have asked. "You are tolerated if you are very careful," is one answer to this question, arid it seems to cover a large number of cities. You may go to the beach, but you may not hire a bathing suit; you may walk about under the trees, but you may not dance in the newly erected hall; you may ride in the trolleys, but you may not take the sightseeing automobiles; these are some of the ways in which you are "tolerated." At least, so word comes to us from the East. In the West things seem better, and we hear of the best of good fellowship in some Western towns. When they have the money and the time to take a vacation, our correspondents show us that the choice of a summer resort is limited. The white New Yorker, for instance, may choose from a thousand different places the one to which he will go with his family. He may turn to the hills and camp out in the Adirondacks or board among the White Mountains; or, loving the sea, he may settle in some one of the innumerable little village towns among the rocks along the coast of Maine. He has but to choose and pay his board. But you, if you are colored, will knock in vain at the farmhouse door for hoard and lodging. The beautiful, inexpensive, out-of-the-way places are out of your way, indeed. The only sure means of escaping discrimination is to board an ocean liner, preferably a French or German one, and make your pilgrimage abroad. But since only the very favored few can do this, the colored people are providing summer resorts for themselves, running hotels and acquiring pleasant cottage sites. Our correspondents have sent us word of a number of these places, though we do not doubt the list could be greatly extended. Atlantic IN THE CAT SKILLS VACATION DAYS RAFTING ON THE RIO GRANDE, JAMAICA City ranks first as a watering resort. Here is Fitzgerald's Hotel, Mrs. Poole's cottage, Ridley's cottage and others. The colored people have their own drug store, their bathing pavilion, and in the summer months they may be seen in numbers on the famous boardwalk. Sixteen-day excursions are run to Atlantic City from as far west as Ohio, and from many points north and south. Moving down the Jersey coast, we find a second resort at Sea Isle. Mr. James Gordon, superintendent of the Brooklyn Howard Colored Orphan Asylum, owns a hotel here that accommodates 150 guests. Dr. Owen M . Waller of Brooklyn is among the cottagers. A t Cape May is the large hotel owned and operated by Mr. E. W Dale. All this Jersey coast is one long stretch of sand, with refreshing breezes from the open sea. Board at these various resorts ranges from $5 to $10 a week. • Our correspondents write of Arundel and of Somerset Beach, Md. ; of Buckroe Beach, Va., and, turning inland, of Silcott Springs, Va., and pleasant boarding places among the mountains at Asheville, N . C. Turning north we find an attractive boarding place at Shawnee on the Delaware, in Pennsylvania, at Catskill, and at Saratoga, where the well-known Thompson cottage is located. From Chicago we learn of a new and attractive summer place—West Michigan resort. West Michigan resort is opposite Chicago across the lake. The colored people have bought ten acres, with several hundred feet of lake beach. The colored farmers in the vicinity are a prosperous group, and good rooms with excellent food can be secured. The property is being admirably developed. Some of our CRISIS readers make their summer outings at the colored schools. Wil berforce College, West Virginia Institute and many others are places at which colored people may secure good and reasonable board during the summer months. Those who attended the Niagara movement conference at Harper's Ferry in 1906 remember the delightful situation and excellent fare at Storer College. Harper's Ferry is one of the excursion places which many colored people make their Mecca in the summer months. For persons whose outings must be short the excursions offered by the railroads and steamships are popular. Old Point Comfort, Niagara Falls and Harper's Ferry are among the places our friends write us of. In the West we learn of Colorado Springs, with its Garden of the Gods, and of the entrancing sights of the Pacific Coast. Such trips are not only a delight but an education as well. Southerners often come North for their summer outings, and visit with friends in one of the large cities. This is true of the white as well as of the colored, and New York and Chicago each summer gain many thousand sightseers. A country farmer, who for a number of summers welcomed a couple of city "fresh-air" children to his farm, giving them their board for nothing, declared at last that he thought the city folk should reciprocrate; that they should invite his children to see the wonders of which the city child loved to boast. Doubtless they would BY THE SEA 188 THE have enjoyed it. Certainly the summer visitors in the cities we know seem to have a happy time, and to enjoy the variety of good things provided. Perhaps the pleasantest places are the large towns near the undeveloped country; of such a place one correspondent writes: "It is good to roam the hills, to view the natural scenery and to visit the moving-picture shows." Not all of the city's colored summer visitors come for a good time only. There are always a few in the colleges, New York, Chicago and Cambridge claiming their share. This is an excellent time for the teacher who desires a deeper knowledge of his or her subject to study with men high in their professions. The summer schools of philanthropy, too, are becoming better known in the South, and each year a few colored people enter them. The New York school has given its certificate to students from Atlanta, Nashville, Washington and other cities. These young men and women learn much of the multitudinous activities of a great municipality and sometimes stay on to share in the city's work. CRISIS The final fact that is brought keenly to us is the number of colored people who make it possible in the summer to return to their homes. The South seems filled with blessed mothers and grandmothers, fathers, uncles, cousins, who stand in the open doorways with their hearty welcomes. "We go home to visit," is the most frequent answer received from our vacation questioning. The elevator boy who has worked twelve hours a day in the hotel for seven days in the week saves his tips and takes the boat to his mother in far-away Jacksonville. The West Indian porter carries his savings to the steamship company and sails down to the island paradise that hems in the Caribbean Sea. The busy physician feels the breath of the Blue Mountains in the midst of the city's heat, leaves his practice with his neighbor and returns to the farmhouse in the high hills. The tired seamstress finds herself one morning walking among the pines, past the log-cabin schoolhouse, on down the road to the open door of home. The welcome is so hearty, the memories so pleasant, that the return home marks the brightest of vacation days. WELCOME HOME SHORT STORY COMPETITION A number of stories have been sent us in response to the invitation to our CRISIS readers. We may roughly divide them into three groups: Didactic stories. Some of these have had good plots, others none, but nearly all have been hurt artistically by the always present desire to instruct the reader. This is a common fault among writers in America. An able critic has said of us: "We arc- preachers, not artists." Old-time "darky" stories. From the literary viewpoint these have been the best. But the most of them have been too evidently old time, copying a style so well known as to be stereotyped. We want humorous tales, but we would like them in a little less threadbare clothes. Character sketches. The story that we print below comes under this head. It is slight, but it bears the stamp of sincerity and truth. It shows us a young colored girl from a viewpoint new to many. It interprets for us a bit of human life. We hope that our readers will send us other stories. We want the good plots well worked out; we want merriment and laughter; we want pictures of the real colored America. THE SERVANT By FENTON JOHNSON H sho' ain't gwine tuh intimate with the leading social workers of wohk foh dese hyar cul-both races. Mr. Crawford belonged to the lud folks no mo'. 'Deed Elmore Club, an organization of colored ah isn't." professional and business men, who had pur And in these words, chased a neat little clubhouse where they spoken during great could play billiards and entertain their emotional stress, Eliza wives and friends at dances and whist parJane, three weeks removed from the Southties. He had received his education at Fisk land, announced to herself her dissatisfacUniversity and a Chicago law school, and tion with the Crawfords. was looked upon with high respect by the black world. "It's nuffin' but wohk, wohk, wohk all de time as if ah nevah gits tiahed. It's 'Liza dis Eliza came to them from the backwoods and 'Liza dat an' nevah do dey say when de of Georgia with one gingham dress and a day am done: 'Won't you come wif us to de pair of squeaky new shoes. Mrs. Crawford festival or de 'vival meetin'?' Ah's gwine engaged her partly on account of her pretty tuh quit dese high-toned folks, an' git in face and her seeming willingness to do as some white fam'ly. Ah's too lonely heah." she was bidden; and for a day or two the The Crawfords were well-to-do Chicago little Georgian appeared satisfied, for she was in financial straits and the liberal wages Negroes. Mr. Crawford was a lawyer, who were uppermost in her mind. But when Mrs. Crawford advanced her half of her in recent years had acquired a fortune through real estate. His wife was the wages the irresponsible creature had enough daughter of a Southern Congressman of reto satisfy her few wants and began to dis construction days, and was consequently cover the faults in her situation. Mrs. proud of her money and family. They had Crawford was too haughty; Aline too proud two children, Wallace and Aline, who were and cold; Wallace never had a pleasant word students of the university, and very popular for her or asked her to go out with him; and among the young people of their race. AcMr. Crawford was splenetic and hard to cording to their point of view those who please. The work was too confining; she were inferior to them intellectually were not longed for the open air and for the freedom their equals socially and the servant's posiof her own Georgia land. Every night the tion was the lowest plane of society. Mrs. lights on State Street shone so brightly, Crawford was a prominent clubwoman and THE CRISIS emphasizing her loneliness in a city where she had neither friends nor acquaintances. In Georgia she was not confronted with the social problem. There she worked for the whites and associated with the blacks; there the color line obliterated every other line society should wish to draw. No rich Negroes asserted their superiority over her; she was just plain Eliza and they were Moses or Mandy, as the case might be. And now that she was up North, where money was the basis of social stratum, inferiority within the race was sickening and disappointing. That was the situation that confronted her that Friday evening as she sat before the little mirror in her room. Softly to her ears came the low strains of a violin. Music! How it touched her soul! Could she resist the spell? Could she, who loved to hear the drowsy humming of the bees and the endless song of the brook back there in Georgia, refrain from listening to the melody of rosin and bow? With low, measured step she left her room and went upstairs to the library, where the Friday Evening Culture Club, a young people's organization, was being entertained by Wallace and Aline. With a slight tremor, for she feared that she was breaking some social rule, she knocked on the door, which was presently opened by Wallace himself, standing before her with bow and violin. " 'Scuse me, please. A h jes' wants tuh heah de music, dat's all. A h laks music so," she said, her voice trembling with fear. "Oh, it is you," was all that Wallace said, as he motioned her to a seat in the corner. There were about twenty young people in the library and the music room. They were elegantly dressed, intelligent in countenance, and many of them handsome. A t the time Eliza entered Aline was playing a selection from Chopin on the piano, and the members of the club were conversing in low tones. Eliza could not understand the drift of their conversation; such names as Ibsen, Galsworthy and Shaw were mentioned. The problem novel was discussed, and current politics was made the ground for friendly argument among the boys. Al l this was Greek to the little unlettered girl in the corner, and her large black eyes opened wide with astonishment and her breath heaved with wonder. Presently a young octoroon girl, who had acquired some reputation among her people as a concert singer, was called upon by the presiding officer to render a contribution to the program. Aline accompanied her as in a voice both sweet and technically correct she rendered a love song from Schubert, and for an encore sang in a tone of passionate tenderness the "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," of plantation days. The singer was followed by Wallace, who said: "I might give you something from the masters, but as we have music o f our own I think it is better that we should cultivate that." And so the young musician tuned his instrument and started to play the sorrow songs that can never die, because they are the genuine expression of American life. As the wild passionate music came forth, trembling with its pathos, a tear glistened in Eliza's eye. She saw the little cabin that she called home, the burning sand where the Negro children played, the cotton field with its wealth of snowy blossoms, and the lane on a moonlight night when the dusky lovers plighted their troth, free from the problem of color. She saw the grave where her mother lay, gone to sleep too soon because poverty had preyed on her and won the battle. She saw the river winding its way through eternity, bringing as its tribute the body of her father, given to the water by a crowd of hilarious poor whites, drunk with cheap corn whiskey. And he, who thus played the old plantation songs, was he not more than she? He could throw on the screen of her mind pictures of her home life by means of an instrument that she could not even wield. He and his sister were versed in the lore and the music of civilization. Within her bosom was nothing save the emotions that she could feel so vividly but could not express. To him culture had granted the gift to interpret the joys and sorrows of the human soul; and some mysterious power had denied her that sweet privilege. As all this flashed across her mind, she realized her utter littleness. Rising, her face wet with tears, she left the room so quietly that no one noticed her departure. When she had reached her room she threw herself across the bed and sobbed as if her heart were bursting. "A h wants tuh luhn! A h wants tuh luhn! Ah's so po' an' nuffin' lak. A h wants tuh luhn." LESSONS FROM RUSSIA By I. M . RUBINOW , late of the Imperial Russian Civil Service O U may have heard it said many times that Russia and the United States are closely bound together by ties of historical friendship. Of late, however, there has been a good mod ern reason for such friendship between official Russia and capitalistic America, for in either country the powers that be could point at the other country and say to its protesting citizenship: "There, look across the ocean; they have the same troubles on the other side." If a prominent Negro leader could say to his followers: "Why, you have no reason to complain, for you are better off than the peasantry or the Jews in Russia," the Russian . government -.could with equal conviction thus address its Jews: "You think our treatment of you is uncivilized and cruel; look, then, and see whether the most advanced republic in the world gives any better treatment to its foreign races, such as the Negro." It is this touching community of interests that has given the Russian Jew, transplanted to this country, a good deal of interest in and sympathy for the Negro, and for the same reason, perhaps, the intelligent American Negro has always had a more than ordinary interest in the fate of the Russian Jew. Different as are ethnologically these two racial groups, the Jew and the Negro, their common suffering from race prejudice has brought them together, if not in their own eyes, then in the eyes of humanity at large; and it is perhaps worth while mentioning this point, that one of the very few American books on the problem of race prejudice, that by Prof. Shaler of Harvard, devotes one-half to the Negro and the other half to the Jew. Some time ago a distinguished Russian professor of economics had been visiting this country, of which he admitted he knew very little. Naturally the Negro problem struck his attention immediately. He had no time to study it, and so he asked me to tell him the essential features of this problem in as few words as possible. I thus addressed him: "You know all the economic and legal and political disqualifications under which the Russian peasant suffered terribly through centuries of slavery and is still suffering after half a century of so-called freedom." "Yes," he said, he knew, for this was the subject of his life work. "Do you know," I continued, "the social and legal, and also political and economic disqualifications under which the Russian Jew is forced to live because of religious intolerance and an unreasoning racial prejudice?" An d he said that since there were not many Jews in his part of Russia, he had not given much thought to it, assuming that to be a local problem, but that he knew a few intelligent Russian Jews and felt very sorry for their condition. Then, to complete my cross-examination, I said: "Now imagine 10,000,000 people who must suffer the combined effect of almost all difficulties under which both the Russian peasant and the Russian Jew are living, and you will get some conception of the Negro problem, in this country." M y good Russian professor raised his hands to heaven and in an awestricken voice exclaimed: "M y God, how can they stand it?" It is the same bond of sympathy which I have spoken of above that forced me to take up the study of the Negro problem when I first moved South ten years ago, and to keep up a more or less active interest in it since then, and with these ten years of study back of me I am still often inclined to repeat the same question of my Russian friend: "How can they stand it?" How many an American has been asking the same question in regard to the Russian peasant and to the Russian Jew, and perhaps some ten years ago that question was as difficult to answer. But some things do happen in Russia. Some five or six years ago things which will go down in history as the great Russian Revolution of 1905 to 1907, happened, and in these years both peasant and Jew in different ways proved that they did not want to stand it, and i f nothing of any great permanent value has as yet been achieved, and if a good many of the old troubles have 192 THE come back, we have at least obtained an answer to the question: they stand it because they are overwhelmed by a superior force, and perhaps the same answer might have satisfied my Russian professor in regard to the American Negro. Now to many, patriotic Americans any such comparisons between the problems of despotic Russia and democratic America may seem to be very far fetched. Of course, I do not at all intend to minimize these political differences, but let me point out to you the no less obvious -points of similarity. Only fifty years ago both the Russian peasant and the American Negro were chattel slaves. There were great plantations growing wheat and rye instead of cotton and corn, but growing it with slave labor. There were the noble slave owners, aristocratic, even kind, but sometimes inhumanly cruel, usually quite indolent and unbusinesslike. There were large dwellings, full of useless domestic service. There was the same contempt of trade and industry and there were even the same characteristic manifestations of gross immorality, resulting from ownership of human beings with which the South was familiar, so that in many respects the Russian land owner and the Southern slave owner had a very similar psychology. But no less interesting are the similarities between the American slave and the peasant serf, though I do not suppose anyone has tried to trace any racial relationship between the curly-haired Negro and the flaxen-haired Slav. There was often the same canine, unreasoning fidelity toward one's owner, and that was often used as an argument to prove the divine origin of serfdom, though serfdom was a new institution in Russia, as slavery was in America. On the other hand, there was among the more independent spirits the same secret longing for freedom. There were fugitive serfs • and even the same brutal acts of protest and revenge at times. The intellectual abolition movement in this country had its counterpart in Russia, and at the same time. An d it was fought out on practically the same line of thought. There were the spirited onslaughts on slavery, which were met, as they were here, by appeals to history, economics and religion. As the slaveholder and the slave were usually of the same race and nationality, it was somewhat difficult to marshal biology in defense of slavery. That was really the CRISIS only essential difference. And perhaps in both countries the intellectual arguments would not have succeeded in destroying the peculiar institution, if it were not for the pressure of powerful economic facts which made slavery a cause of weakness and not of power. Russian history has immortalized the saying of Czar Alexander II., when he tried to convince the nobility of the absolute necessity of emancipation : "Gentlemen, if emancipation will not come peaceably from above, it will come forcibly from below." • It may be a pure coincidence, but surely it seems significant that the emancipation of the peasant and the Negro slave took place practically at the same time. The Russian emancipation act was promulgated in the same year that the great war began in this country. But the conditions of emancipation in the two countries were radically different. For the Russian peasant was at least given some opportunity to acquire land, even though at an exorbitant price, and was left undisturbed as an independent tiller of the soil. No matter what its shortcomings, the method of emancipation of the Russian peasants was a masterpiece of statesmanship as compared with the crude methods which have been used in a similar emergency in this country. The methods of the Russian autocracy and nobility were bad enough, but the methods of democratic and republican America were infinitely worse. The Russian act at any rate represented results of some thought and study. The emancipation of the Negro viewed from a distance looks like a hasty act prompted by a childish faith in the efficacy and all-sufficiency of personal freedom and freedom of contract as a foundation for economic life. Only read the contemporary writings of Carl Schurz, one of the noblest men of the time, and notice his absolute conviction that by •a simple substitution of the relationship of the employer and employee for those of master and slave will all economic and social problems be solved instantaneously. The political and legal ideas of the leading spirits of the times were fairly definite. It was wrong to own a human being. It was necessary to preserve the Union. It was necessary to re-establish peace. These and similar ones were clearly announced principles. But what was the expected fate LESSONS FROM RUSSIA of several million emancipated beings? With the stroke of a pen and of a sword the millions of ex-slaves, without property, were transformed into free citizens, free not only of individual restraint but also of visible means of subsistence. An d yet around them were millions of acres of fertile land, which they had cultivated for over two centuries. With such a different start fifty years ago it was no wonder that the development of the Russian peasant and the American Negro proceeded on somewhat different lines. Yet the essential similarity between the two masses of agricultural population in lands of retarded economic development is seen even to-day. On the whole, the Russian peasant is as poor as the American Negro, and at times even poorer, for nature is less kind to him, and the variability of the Russian crops causes those fearful famines from which the Negro, thanks to the even rainfall on his land, is fortunately guaranteed. He is more illiterate than the Negro: Thus, in 1897, according to the last census, 66 per cent, of the male population of the Russian villages and 83 per cent, of the female population over 10 years of age could neither read nor write. He is' no. more familiar with fruits of culture and civilization, neither has he the fine stimulating effect of a highly-civilized population. His usual dwelling is a one-room log cabin with a straw roof, and he is no more familiar with the laws of health and hygiene than is the backwoods plantation hand. He is unenterprising and unbusinesslike. He is often accused of being lazy, for he does not know how to work systematically. He is not wasteful, as a rule, that is true; he is rather inclined to be overfrugal, but he spends enormous sums for vodka, his national drink, and it has often been said that the drinking habits of the Russian peasant are the only force that keeps the financial structure of the Russian autocracy from collapsing. He does not often treat his wife with the consideration due to a lady, and lets her work in the field, either on' her own farm or for hire. His wife bears him many children, and an appalling number of them die. He is very religious, but also very superstitious; not any too moral, at least not any too strict in sex relations. The most sincere, most self-devoted friends of the Russian peasants do not deny these facts, but try to explain them by the pecu liar economic and social conditions of their existence. For it so happens that both the Russian peasant and the middle classes in Russia arc of the same hue, and therefore no racial criticism is possible and no racial apology necessary. The long list of adverse characteristics of the Russian peasant may have sounded to you like an extract' from a speech by John Temple Graves or ex-Governor Vardaman on the American Negro. A highly skilled American statistician recently pointed even at the Negro rate of mortality as a racial characteristic. It is true that the Negro race in the United States shows a death rate of 30 per thousand, while the white race has a rate of only 17.3. But, as I have shown recently in a brief article, an investigation in Central Russia demonstrated the interesting fact that the mortality of the peasants showed a rate of 29.2; moreover, that it varied in an inverse ratio to the land owned, so that the families with smaller land ownings had a greater death rate. Thus, on one hand, were the peasants with less than 14 acres per family: they had a death rate of 32.7; and, on the other hand, there were the few peasants who held more than 135 acres with a death rate of only 19.0 per cent., or a little higher than that of the white American. Here is, then, the first important lesson which Russia may teach, how utterly unscientific, how utterly childish and silly is an effort to explain the economic, the intellectual or moral status of the American Negro by any inherent racial traits in view of the identical results accomplished by similar economic forces in an entirely different race. It is true that after the brilliant work of Prof. Boaz has been done, there may seem no need for this lesson; but the lesson of Russia to me is even more convincing, for it is a lesson drawn from thousands of facts which may not be contradicted. So much for the peasant. Now let us turn our attention to the Russian Jew. Now, what points of similarity are there between the Russian Jew and the American Negro? None whatever. If I were to propose you a conundrum: What difference is there between the Russian Jew and the American Negro? the proper answer would be: All the difference in the world. No one denies the Caucasian origin of the Jew. 194 THE And even the worst enemy of the Jew in Russia has not dared to bring forth the plea of racial inferiority against him. In fact, the official justification of the Russian government in its policy against the Jews is the necessity to protect the simple-minded Russian against the abler, shrewder Jew. So here we have a theory of racial antagonism based upon a claim of race superiority rather than race inferiority. Unlike the Negro, the Russian Jew is primarily a city dweller; unlike the Negro, he is on a higher educational level than the masses surrounding him. Yet the Jew is an outlaw under the law, restricted in his civil, political and economic rights. Many occupations are closed to him, his school facilities are limited, he is not eligible to political office, and has scarcely any franchises left; and, of course, he suffers from a good deal of social discrimination. He is often laughed and sneered at by the members of the admittedly inferior Slavic race. It is a disgrace to marry a Jewish girl—though she may be used as prey in true Russian fashion. A specific Jewish crime has been invented in Russia—now that sounds quite familiar, does it not?—though the Jewish crime—the ritual murder—is altogether the product of a wild imagination. And pogroms happen in Russia and are as brutal or worse even than lynching is in the South. Of course, all these things are officially explained as a sad but unavoidable result of race antagonism. Why does Russia refuse to better the condition of the Jews? Because the people would not stand for it. The people simply must every now and then kill a few Jews (or a few Negroes) to give vent to the rational race antagonism. But what is the truth? That Jew baiting is the most convenient method to divert the attention of an ignorant though dissatisfied mass from the real political and social problems. So every time there is evidence of rising dissatisfaction in Russia there is a pogrom. And every time the supremacy of the solid Democracy is threatened by any living issues, there is an Atlanta riot. Even as the Russian government has the power to stop antagonism in less than twelve hours, so our responsible authorities could stop any lynching bees were it once seriously understood that these affairs would not be connived at. And it is with a good deal of justice that the most despicable elements in Russia CRISIS have replied to our American protests against Russia's treatment of Jews, by pointing at Atlanta and asking: "What right have you to protest? Do you treat foreign races any better?" An d there is your second lesson from Russia: that race inferiority has nothing to do with violent race persecution, but an exclusive position under the law, a lack of political rights, foster and develop the race antagonisms, and even contempt for a higher race, and that the worst expression of this race antagonism usually may be traced to sordid motives and partisan politics. Now let us pursue our analogy a little further. The Russian Jews and the American Negroes have one thing very much in common. They do not like to be kicked about and abused, to have their skulls broken, or their houses burned, because they both happen to be human. An d so a good many Jews emigrate—for they have that advantage over the Negro, they can go to the United States and be happy. But that does not solve the problem. Then there is the movement for the return to the Holy Land, their own land. They call it Palestine; you call it Liberia, I believe. But we left Palestine many years before you left Liberia, and so among the masses at large there is not very much enthusiasm for it. The majority of the Jews have a strong conviction that the problem of the Russian Jew can be solved right only in Russia, as the problem of the American Negro in America only. Some" of them embrace Christianity, and move away from their natural surroundings, and spend the rest of their lives in the hopeless task of hiding their Jewish birth—crossing the color line you call it, I believe—and they are considered traitors to the race—that, too, is familiar to you. And then there are all kinds of leaders. Some say: Be good; obey all the laws, even the most unjust ones. Show your love to the powers that be; sing Hallelujah to the great name; perhaps men may grow more tender hearted. Meanwhile work hard and acquire some property; for you know a rich Jew is not treated so badly after all. And that is true; a rich Jew is treated even better than a rich Negro may ever be expected to be treated. Yet, notwithstanding all the supposed commercial talents of the Jew, that as yet has failed in solving the Jewish LESSONS FROM RUSSIA problem in Russia just as it will fail to solve the Negro problem in America. It is very encouraging, therefore, that within the last decade an entirely new tendency has arisen among the Russian Jews, an entirely new hope. Not flight, not begging mercy of the victor, not dreaming of the Holy Land—not even money—but tight is the thing the Jewish people have turned to as a solution. Economic fight through the unions in the struggle against poverty, self-defense committees in fighting the Russian lynching bees, and a political fight for political and civil rights. It is true that the results of this fight for rights have not as yet been great, that they have lost in the failure of the Russian revolution. But the results as far as the Jewish race itself is concerned have remained. These are a sense of racial dignity and pride, without which no race advance is possible; and the lessons of the Russian revolution are no less valuable because the revolution has failed. I can state them in a few words: In the revolutionary ranks all racial antagonisms have disappeared. That was to be expected. But even outside of the ranks of the direct fighters for the revolution, as soon as the breath of new political and social ideals had reached Russian society, there were no more Jews and Gentiles, but only citizens of one land fighting for political and social justice. Thus was the lie given to the theory that race antagonism is organic and inevitable. It is inevitable in a state of political reaction, of social stagnation, in a state of gross materialism, where social ideals are unheard. An d that is the reason why you have social antagonism in the South. And thus, as your present' status is nothing but a system of retarded development, your hopes are the hope's of human progress and civilization. It is quite true that the triumphs of humanity and brotherhood of races in Russia did not last very long—did not survive the revolution. But that only corroborates the truth of my statement. It is by the degree of unity between races and nations that you can measure the general level of a country's civilization. And this, if you will, is the third useful lesson that Russia may teach us. Fighting, active resistance, not humble begging for charity, is the effective weapon of a subjugated race as of a subjugated class. But fight not alone. Seek your natural historical allies. It is my personal conviction that as the Jews of Russia have found their natural allies in the working class, so will the American Negro. It matters not that the Russian workingman was often unjust and cruel to the Jew, and it matters not that the American working-man is often unjust and cruel to the Negro. Don't strike at the article that happens to be nearest to you first; but examine carefully who it is that profits by your oppression, and when you have found that, in nine cases out of ten, you have properly placed the responsibility for the oppression. In his ignorance the American workingman may be influenced to abuse the Negro; but the time is not long in coming when he will understand that he has nothing to lose and a good deal to gain from the advancement of his co-worker. And when that day comes a good deal will have been accomplished for the solution of the Negro problem. THE BURDEN LYNCHED WE find that Anne Bostwick came to "  her death at the hands of parties unknown," was the verdict rendered by the coroner's jury that investigated the lynching of the colored woman who killed her mistress, the wife of a wealthy planter named Jordan, at Pinehurst, Ga., June 24. The usual verdict by the same old type of jury, but in this case the sex and well-known mental condition of the victim have eliminated the customary excuse which is generally dilated upon with sensational detail and frequently without a vestige of evidence as justification for mob violence. With that progressive form of local government which constitutes every man his own sheriff, there seems to be no doubt that the colored woman is to have equal rights, privileges and protection with the colored man. There is to be no discrimination on grounds of sex. Pinehurst has advanced ideas. That the unusual features of the lynching were thoroughly appreciated by the community may be inferred from the following extract from the Cincinnati (O.) Enquirer of June 26: "Great crowds attended and saw the shot-riddled body of the Negress cut from the tree. Sheriff Bennett has made no arrests and none is expected. The truth is that there is general rejoicing over the lynching of the Negress and the lynchers are known to everybody. The Negress was lynched from an auto. The machine in which she was sitting was driven under a tree, a rope placed about her neck and the other end tied to a A WOMAN limb of the tree. The machine was started at high speed and the Negress left hanging. Her body was then shot to pieces. Her eyes were shot out and such a fusillade directed at her waist that she was cut in two." Commenting upon the verdict of the coronor's jury the same paper says: "The verdict was rendered in the face of the fact that the automobiles in which the lynching party pursued the slayer and the sheriff are known to be owned by some of the most prominent citizens of Cordele, Vienna and Pinehurst." The circumstances of the murder of Mrs. Jordan, so far as we have been able to ascertain them, were as follows: Anne Bostwick, who was about 60 years old, had been employed by the Jordans for some years, and bore the reputation of being a good servant, though at times she showed a bad disposition. "Her father, Thomas McAfee," to quote the Macon Telegraph, "is considered one of the very best representatives of his race. He is honest, a successful farmer, and of the large family he has raised none has ever been convicted of crime." The morning of the murder the colored woman had been severely reprimanded by Mrs. Jordan and dismissed from her service. Possibly anticipating trouble, Mrs. Jordan kept her door locked until late afternoon. About 4:30, as she stepped out on the veranda, she was seized by the Bostwick woman, who was concealed behind a pillar, stabbed three times and her head nearly severed from her body. The THE BURDEN 197 colored woman then went to a field where COLORED MEN LYNCHED WITHOUT Mr. Jordan was at work and informed him TRIAL. of her horrible deed. 1885 ; 78 1899 84 Surely a crime sufficiently ghastly to 1886 71 1900 107 arouse any community, but a crime for which 1887 80 1901 107 the community itself was wholly responsible, 1888 95 1902 86 as is testified by representative people who 1889 95 1903 86 knew the woman and by extracts like the 1890 90 1904 83 following, taken from a Southern paper, the 1891 121 1905 61 Macon Telegraph of June 30, 1912: 1892 155 1906 64 "While living here (Fort Valley), the 1893 154 1907 60 lynched Negress was tried by a jury and 1894 134 1908 93 found a fit subject for the lunatic asylum, 1895 112 1909 73 but owing to the crowded condition of that 1896 80 1910 65 institution she could not be received. In her 1897 122 1911 63 rational moments she was a good reliable 1898 102 servant but became violent at times." ' Total / 2,521 HISTORIC DAYS IN AUGUST 1. Slavery terminated in British Colonies, 20. (?) Twenty African Negroes landed 1834. as slaves at Jamestown, 1619. 2. Lecompton (Kansas) Constitution re21. Nat. Turner Insurrection in Virginia, jected, 1858. 1831. 4. Robert Purvis, abolitionist, born, 1810. 	22. Benjamin Lundy died, 1839. 7. Benjamin Lundy held his first aboli23. African Methodist Episcopal Church tion meeting in Boston, 1828. incorporated, 1796. 9. P. B. S. Pinchback nominated for 24. Independence of Liberia proclaimed, governor of Louisiana, 1872. 1847. 10. Frederick Douglass addressed anti-25. Plantation slaves revolted in Hayti, slavery convention at Nantucket, 1841. 1791. 11.	 Robert G. Ingersoll bom, 1833. 28. Act for abolition of slavery in British Colonies passed parliament, 1833. 12. Convention met in Mississippi to revise	 constitution, 1890. 29. Sonthonax decreed liberty of slaves in San Domingo, 1793. 13. Anti-abolition riots began in Philadelphia, lasting three nights, 1834. 30. James G. Birney nominated for President, 1843. 14. Battle of Deep Bottom, 1864. 31. General Fremont's emancipation pro 16. Peter Salem died, 1816. clamation, 1861. 17. First attempt to unite the A . M . E . L. M. HERSHAW. and A. M. E. Zion Churches, 1820. THE CRISIS Publishers Chat The September number of TH E CRISIS will be a Woman Suffrage Number. Few subjects are of such national importance to-day. W e shall have contributions from prominent women who are authorities on this subject. CITIES WITHIN THE VEIL We shall begin soon a series of articles on the various cities of the world which have a large colored population. They will treat of the life of these thousands in an interesting way. . BABIES—The October number of TH E CRISIS will be Children's Number. This is the month of school beginnings and family reunions. W e want pictures of colored children of eight years of age or less, especially babies. We shall give three prizes to the three most interesting pictures. Pictures must reach us not later than September 10th. TH E POINT OF APPEAL—Upon "The Point of Appeal" of a magazine rests the effectiveness of its advertising qualities. When a magazine is a good advertising medium, it indicates that its "Point of Appeal" is so strong that the readers' attention does not flag until the last advertisement has been read. It is this "Point of Appeal"—distinct, individual, different—which has made TH E CRISI S a result-producing medium for particular advertisers. Mr. Advertiser: Let us help you prepare your selling talks in harmony with this "Point of Appeal." Our suggestions are free. October, 1910—1,000; October, 1911 — 10,000; July, 1912—22,000—a "Point of Appeal" for advertisers. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 199 Patterns! Patterns! Exclusive creations of Madame Becks, one of New York's fashionable modistes. O n account of their originality, Madame Becks' costumes and designs are in constant, demand by discriminating dressers and dressmakers. By special arrangement we are publishing Madame Becks' patterns exclusively in TH E CRISIS. Shirt Waist, No. 6213 B y mail, 17 cents No. 6213; Shirtwaist—Material required, 36 bust: 2 1/2 yds, 36 in. wide; 1/2 yd- all-over lace for collar; 1 piece soutache braid. Patterns cut for sizes 36, 38 and 40. Skirt, No. 5348 B y mail, 17 cents Shirtwaist Skirt can be made of serge, linen or taffeta. Material required: 3 yds., 40 in. wide, or 4 yds., 36 in. wide for 24 waist. Patterns, are cut 24, 26, 28 and 30 for waist measure. Patterns cut to measure, 50c. Ladies are invited to consult Madame Becks through this column. Address: Pattern Dept., TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street New York Mention TH E Crisis. 200 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Meeting Place of Business and Proficiency A professional man advertised in TH E CRISIS for a partner with capital. The profession is one that offers little encouragement to colored men and yet he writes: "Kindl y stop the advertisement in TH E CRISIS, as my want has been filled. We appreciate the very good results (from THE CRISIS) and will forward check on the 15th." A large corporation advertised in TH E CRISIS for a general manager with capital. The wording of their advertisement eliminated all inquirers save those with capital and experience. They write: '' We believe that one of the parties is really interested in our proposition and will close with him in a few days.'' They '' closed " with him and have since advertised for other high-grade help. There is our story in a nutshell. Those who require high-grade help should use our '' Help Wanted'' columns, and those who are trained or experienced as high-grade helpers should advertise their services where they may reach the largest number of possible employers. HELP WANTED MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY RELIABLE, LIVE, Recommends teachers for schools; secures RESPONSIBLE MEN employment for teachers. Blanks and who can sell real estate can MAK E MOR E information furnished free on application. than $200 PER MONTH acting as 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. AGENT S for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming, country where there are PATENTS opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, L. H. LATIMER and we will offer you a FINE	 PROPOSI MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL ENGINEER TION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU and MONEY. Address SOLICITOR OF PATENTS REEVES REALTY GO. 56 John Street	 New York Department C 	Inventions Perfected, Models and Experimental Machines Designed and Constructed. 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. Technical Translations. Telephone 343 John Room 604 AGENTS—Represent reliable house, 400 per cent, profit. Selling GORDON'S Photo Pillow Tops. High grade work. Easy sales. Big money. Samples and catalogue free. Luther Gordon Co. 206 N. Fifth Ave., Chicago, Ill. AREN'T YOU TIRED OF WORKING AT "so much per" piling up profits for somebody else? Would you consider a proposition of going in busines for yourself without any investment but your time and talents? If so write and get our proposition. Young and old can make money with our proposition. THE NELSON SUPPLY CO., Harrisburg, Pa. AGENT S make big money selling our Negro pic lures, size 16 x 20. "Jesus Died for Both," "Clinging to the Cross," "Protecting Angel," "Booker T . Washington," "Heavenward," " A Mother's Joy," ' 'Inspiration,'' 1 'Mama, I Love You," "Jack Johnson." Catalog free. Peoples Portrait Co., 710 W. Madison St., Dept. C, Chicago, 111. MUSIC HELEN ELISE SMITH CONCERT PIANIST Post-Graduate of the Institute of Musical Art Pupil of Sigismund Stojowsky Teacher of Piano, Theory, Ear-training, etc. 224 EAST 86TH STREET, NEW YORK CITY REGALIA A RACE ENTERPRISE Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Streets Cincinnati, Ohio v Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 201 REAL ESTATE UNDERTAKERS Valuable Texas Lands For Sale Large tracts of farm land in the best localities of the State for sale at very flattering prices. Small tracts of good lands suitable for farming, truck, fruits and any domestic product. We have for sale a number of large farms already in cultivation, good houses an ' barns, wells, and nice pasture lands, which can be obtained at reasonable rates. City property a specialty. Business lots in the best part of the city, improved and unimproved. Large lots suitable for factory property with switch facilities. No investment can be more valuable than an investment in Texas real estate. Lands are becoming so valuable that they are doubling themselves in value in less than a year's time. For any investment in Texas property, write T. B. Madison Real Estate Company. 2415 Elm Street, Dallas. Texas. To Colored People FOR SALE—W e have houses from $1,000 to L $30,000. Our city is the capital of Ohio and a great manufacturing center—plenty of work, a good place to locate for business. Can sell you a house for $50, $100 to $500 down, balance like rent. For investment and speculating houses or business places, $1,000 to $5,000 down, balance on long time payment. Farm land prices from $1,000 to $10,000 up. Any of these are in good locations. Write for further information. THIS IS A COLORED ENTERPRISE. EDWARD A. SHANKLIN Real Estate 1218 1/2, Mt. Vernon Ave. Columbus, Ohio Canada, Province of British Columbia WANTED—To hear from one hundred respectable colored families who desire to settle in British Columbia, where I have four hundred acres of rich black loam garden land, all cleared, that I will subdivide into five-acre blacks, build good comfortable homes of two to ten rooms, barns, sheds, etc. This property is near Vancouver, with railway, electric lines and water transportation conveniently near; located on the best salmon-fishing stream in the world; an abundance of game, wild duck, pheasant, quail, deer, etc. The section around is well populated and very rich and valuable. Maps with plans, etc., ready August 15. Be prepared to make your selection upon receipt of same, for the number of these blocks is limited. A very small cash payment will be required, balance to run five years. For full particulars, etc., write me at once. ANDREW J. NAPIER Real Estate and Insurance 736 Nelson St., Vancouver, B. C. Telephone Columbus 8935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BEOS. Undertakers and Embalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 63d Street New York, N. Y. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue SCHOOLS Learn Algebra or Shorthand Writing During your spare time. Complete course; either one by mail, $14.00; book furnished. $2.00 down and then $1.00 a month until paid. We can accommodate 200 by mail. PERKINS SEMINARY 320 S. 10th Street Birmingham, Ala. INVESTMENTS Invest Your Money in Mound Bayou W e are promoting and financing The People's Brick Company, one of the most-needed and best-paying enterprises in the town. OUR REFERENCE: THE BANK OF MOUND BAYOU. OR AN Y CITIZEN.. YOUR MONEY will earn 7 per cent, from the time it is invested, and much more in the very near future. For complete information address The S. I. &amp; E. Corporation MOUND BAYOU, MISS. WIGINGTON &amp; BELL Architects Karbach Block Omaha, Neb. Mention TH E CRISIS. 202 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OFFICES: 26 Vesey Street, New York. Incorporated May 25, 1911 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moofield Storey, Boston, Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mass. Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Vice-Presidents— Treasurer—Mr. Walter E. Sachs, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. Rev. Garnet B. Waller, Baltimore, Md. Assistant Secretary—-Miss Martha Gruening, New Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. York. This year we shall attack segregation laws, investigate lynching, defend the Negro in his civil rights, protest unceasingly against race discrimination. We want 2,000 members January 1, 1913. Watch the clock! 20 00 OUR MEMBERSHIP 500 1500 743 JULY lO,1912 CLOCK JOIN US 1000 MEMBERSHIP BLANK hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me THE CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Life Members, paying $500. Class 4. Contributing Members, paying $10, Class 2. Donors, paying $100 per year. $5 or $2 per year. Class 3. Sustaining Members, paying $25 Class 5. Associate Members, paying $1 per per year. year. The subscription to THE CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $5 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER GOO D COMMISSIO N PAID T O Too, Too! Too, Too! Too, Too ORGANIZERS . JOIN NOW ! SOMETHIN G NE W The Afro-American Order of Orioles With a Graduated Scale of Endowment HOME OFFICE: 1101/2 Colfax Ave., South Bend,Ind. For particulars write G. W. BLAND, H. S. P. SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Wav ing, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. 328 Lenox Avenue Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone Harlem 1896 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel 126th Street, NE W YORK , A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. BEAUTIFUL ART EXHIBIT Miss Cora Van Schoick is conducting a sale and exhibit of unusual interest at the WHIT E ROSE MISSION, 217 East 86th Street, New York. There is on sale hand-painted china and pillow tops, hand-made opera bags, pin cushions and novelties. These hand creations are suggestive for gifts and interior decorations. Telephone 3253 Harlem CARPET GLEANING No. 4 Special Buggy Cleaners and Renovators $65.00* For Particular People New York Careful Cleaning Bureau A value unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. Write 12 West 135th Street for prices and other styles. We make a specialty of cleaning and renovating Send for catalog. 	carpets, rugs, portieres and upholstered furniture; we also vacuum clean in the home. We are not the largest carpet cleaner in the warld, but abso C. R. Patterson &amp; Sons lutely the most careful in every detail. GREENFIELD,	 OHIO SHAMPOOING CARPETS AND RUGS OUR SPECIALTY Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States 'Phone 2877 Lenox DID YOU SEE White Rose Working Girls'	 Home 217 East 86th Street Bet. Second and Third Avenues THE BECKS PATTERNS Pleasant temporary lodgings for working girls, with privileges, at reasonable rates. The Home ON PAGE 199? solicits orders for working dresses, aprons, etc. Address: MBS. FRANCES R. KEYSER, Supt. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PERSONAL CARDS Ten Years with Dr. D. C. White Telephone 7189 Morningside DR. JAMES A. BANKS DENTIST 204 WEST 133d STREET, NEW YORK Porcelain, Crown and Bridge Work a Specialty Pure Nitrous-Oxide Gas Administered J. DOUGLAS WETMORE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) New York City Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet FREDERICK L. McGHEE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Union Block, Fourth and Cedar Streets St. Paul, Minn. Genera] Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. Real Estate and Probate Matters a Specialty ROBERT B. BARCUS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Office: Room 502, Eberly Block, Columbus, O. B. S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Port Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W.	 Ashbie Hawkins George W. Fr McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md Mention TH E PA M PH LETS Published and sold by The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 1. African Civilization: By M. D. Maclean. Price 2 cents. 2. The Brain of the American Negro: By Burt G. Wilder. Price 20 cents. 3. Social Control: By Jane Addams, of Hull House. Price 1 cent. 4. The Negro as a Soldier: By Brigadier-General Burt, U . S. A. Price 5 cents. 5. Leaving It to the South: A n experience and some conclusions by Charles Edward Russell. Price 5 cents. 6. Views of a Southern Woman: By Adelene Moffat. Price 2 cents. 7. Disfranchisement: By John Haynes Holmes. Price 5 cents. 8. Contribution of the Negro to Human Civilization: By Dr. A. F. Chamberlain. Price 15 cents. 9. The Relation of the Negroes to the Whites in the South: By W. E.. B. Du Bois. Price 15 cents. Address The Crisis Book Department 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK BOOKS The Curse of Race Prejudice James F. Morton, Jr., A.M., Author and Publisher. Forceful, rational, comprehensive. An arsenal of facts and unanswerable arguments. invaluable for propaganda. Read the chapter on "The Bug bear of Social Equality," which is a veritable eye-opener. Thousands already sold. Agents wanted everywhere. PRICE 25 CENTS Address the Author at 244 West 143d Street, New York, N. Y. The Power of Womanhood A Speech by Joseph Wellington PRICE 20 CENTS Sold by THE STANDARD NEWS COMPANY 131 West 53d Street, New York AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER YOUR LOCAL PRINTER may be able to do your ordinary printing, but your business and personal stationery, wedding invitations, calling cards, pamphlets, etc., require that particular attention which our experience and facilities afford you. As first-class printers in New York City, we are subject to the most exacting demands, since new designs and type formations must be constantly originated to satisfy a large clientele of most discriminating patrons. W e refer you to Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print TH E CRISIS. Write for samples and special quotations. ROBER T N . WOOD , Printing and Engraving 202 EAS T 99th STREE T NE W YOR K 'Phone 6667 Lenox Make Your Spare Moments Profitable &lt;J The continued growth of TH E CRISIS necessitates the extension of our field force, and we need representatives in all cities to establish sub-agencies and look after renewals. €| If you can spare a few hours each month to look after our interests in your city, we can make you a proposition that will interest you. The work is dignified as well as profitable. - ADDRESS BUSINESS MANAGER : THE CRISIS, 26 Vesey Street, NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. 206 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "HALF A MAN" The Status of the Negro in New York By MARY WHITE OVINGTON With a foreword by Dr. Franz Boas of Columbia University Chapter I. How the colored people won their civil and political rights. Chapters II. and III. The Negro tenement and the life of the poor. Chapters IV. and V. How the colored man earns his living, with a full descrip tion of the professions; the ministry, the stage. Chapter VI . The colored woman, her discouragements and successes. Chapter VII. A vivid description of the life of the well-to-do Negroes. Chapter VIII. The Negro in politics in New York. Chapter IX. The author's personal views on the race question. Price $1.00; by mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK This book is for sale in the Book Department of The Crisis, 26 Vesey St., N. Y. PLAY BALL, BOYS! Last half of the ninth; bases full; score tied and "Casey" at the bat. Get in the game, boys. Organize a baseball team in your city. Baseball is the most popular sport in this country. In every hamlet, town and city may be seen the future "Rube Fosters" and "William Matthews" romping over corner lots, batting, pitching and learning to play the game. Organize your team and get our great baseball outfit for a few hours' work. Ou r outfit includes 10 Spalding baseball suits with name of club (any color). 10 caps to match. 10 pairs baseball stockings. 1 catcher's mit. 1 first baseman's glove. 3 infielders' gloves. 3 outfielders' gloves. -..FOR INFORMATION WRITE THE : Business Manager of THE CRISIS 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. Greater Speed—Greater Accuracy—Greater Efficiency—are the logical results of installing the UNDERWOOD TYPEWRITER CJ Exclusive Underwood features make possible the most important labor-saving systems of modern accounting. ^ The ever growing demand puts the annual sales of Underwoods far ahead of those of any other machine—making necessary the largest typewriter factory and the largest typewriter office building in the world. €J Such a demand from business men everywhere is unquestionable evidence of the practical mechanical superiority of TH E MACHINE YOU WILL EVENTUALLY BUY" Branch Offices in All Principal Cities UNDERWOOD TYPEWRITER CO., inc. Underwood Building NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. This magnificent hotel, replete with every modern improvement, claims distinction for its location direct Southern exposure. Superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Endorsed by leading representative citizens. Concerts daily by the Abyssinia orchestra. Garage, bathhouses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Literature and information mailed upon request. E. W. DALE, Cape May, N. J., Owner and Proprietor The TESTING FIRE By ALEXANDER CORKEY Author of "The Victory of Allan Rutledge" Is the Sanest Story Ever Written on the Race Problem It is the first story ever written on the race question, by a white man, that is not antagonistic to the colored race. EVERY FREEDMAN SHOULD READ IT Through its pages runs a sweet romance, but it is more than a love story. It is a novel of uplift, accomplishment and promise. No One Interested in the Race Question Should Miss It Price $1.25 Net; Postage 10 Cents Extra The H. K. FLY COMPANY, Publishers NEW YORK CITY This book is for sale in the Book Department of TH E CRISIS, 26 Vesey Street, New York Mention TH E CRISIS.