The Egoist , made THE EGOIST No. 3 Vol. VI JULY 1919 Ninepence Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor:T. S. ELIOT . Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS page Philosophy: The Science of Signs. XVII Truth (continued). By D. Marsden 33 The Late Singer. By William Carlos Williams 38 Reflections on Contemporary Poetry. By T. S. Eliot 39 page The Russian Ballets. By Leigh Henry 40 Ulysses. Episode VI. By James Joyce 42 Carl Spitteler. By Ernest A. Boyd 47 Announcements 48 Philosophy: The Science of Signs XVII Truth (continued) IV The Measure of Authority which Egoism allows to the Science of External Nature By D. Marsden I. AS we approach the end of our series, and in this chapter, devoted to the determining of the degree of authoritativeness resting with our natural science, we shall endeavour, by inverting the more obvious order of approach to our subject, not only to offer a solution to our set problem, but to meet those difficulties which common sense, in company with the scientific and philosophic sense, make common ground in holding against egoism. We shall hope to show that egoism is the philosophical theory owning a sound logic, and therefore unique among such theories; and that from this vantage-ground it belongs to egoism to inform the scientist as to the rank and limitations of his sectional knowledge. To this end we begin by facing directly those difficulties in egoism which cause scientists— and most philosophers—to regard it as a creed fit to be professed only by the intellectually unsound. In this connection it will be helpful to be prepared to recognise two voices according as one listens to scientist or philosopher. For this reason: the scientist has given himself the task of enlarging the confines of every species of known item save one. The one he has excluded as beyond his range is the knowing of what is meant by "known." His wide but nevertheless restricted task is to multiply tAe number of all things which are known, provided that he may take the significance of the term "known" for granted. The essential task of the philosopher on the other hand is to make known one single thing: single but supremely important. His job is to make known what forces are implicated in the human faculty of knowing. He seeks to "place" knowledge itself in an accurate balance with respect to all the other multiple things known. His findings, whatever they are in this matter, have therefore to be recognised as cutting under any and all the piecemeal findings of the knowing activity, since it is his peculiar office to provide the supreme synthesis of all knowledge both as to root and branch. Any too great inclination therefore on the part of a philosopher to be awed by the mere bulk of knowledge amounts to nothing less than a disqualification for the labour of philosophy. The philosopher's position in this matter is precisely the inverse of that of the scientist. The swelling of the body of knowledge is to the latter tribute to his own success and industry. In emphasising the impressiveness of things already known and of others in train for becoming more fully known, the scientist is very appropriately backing his own team and declaring his belief in the importance of his own kind of work. But this enthusiasm—appropriate within limits in the scientist—when imitated by the philosopher, amounts to a. running away from that which is unique in the philosophic task. Nor is the philosopher's too great awe for scientific creations anything for which the scientist himself can be grateful. For, ultimately, the science of external nature divorced from the science of knowing is and will have t0 confess itself to be working a blind alley, and must wait until the more fundamental study of philosophy has solved its difficulties to find its own way out. 2. The bearing of these remarks concerning the different attitudes of scientists and philosophers towards knowledge' is this: Every attempt on the part of the philosopher to deal drastically with the nature of knowledge, leads him to egoism: that is to the position that external nature has no existence independent of the organism which apprehends it. He finds that all knowledge is merely a form of being and that all being, including all experience from the most elementary sentient awareness to the topmost ranges of knowledge and thought, are forms of feeling. No amount of wriggling can evade this fundamental finding. Why the philosopher does wriggle: why he feels hopelessly embarrassed with this truth: is obvious. If all forms of existence are merely qualitative forms of feeling, since feeling is but the expression of the forces acting through the feeling organism, it follows that all that exists not excluding that which exists in external nature, is compounded of the forces actuating the feeling organism. Thus are we led to a position intellectually abhorrent to both scientist and philosopher, to wit, the denial of the existence of the external world independent of the existence of the feeling organism: to the position that my body and my world come into being together, suffer dissolution together, and whatever the fate is which overtakes the one, it is that fate which simultaneously overtakes the other. Now, when we inquire more nearly into the reason why this fact of the external world's dependence upon the experiencing organism should be so intellectually repugnant, we find that it has to do with considerations arising out of two of ##34 THE EGOIST July 1919 man's most deep-rooted notions: those of time and those of space; and out of his own organic relations towards them. How can any balanced thinker bind himself up with the doctrine that his own organism is the indispensable nucleus of his entire universe, including substance, space and time, when he sees himself as a most insignificant speck of substance swallowed up in an illimitable space and enduring through only the very briefest moment of an illimitable time. Far from viewing himself as comprehensive in himself of all time, all space and all its contents, prepared to accept the whole as caused by or at least contingent upon himself, it takes all the courage he has to prevent himself sinking into utter abasement under the conviction of his own almost complete spatial and temporal negligibility. It is under the influence of this deflating conviction that he is prepared even to throw over his faith in logic, rather than follow it to a conclusion in an egoism which involves so monstrous an inversion of that conviction. This then is the difficulty egoism must meet to make itself acceptable. It will never be possible to overcome men's instinctive hostility by a mere insistence upon the infallible logic of egoism's base. It is necessary to write out plain, the actual form in which space, time and all that these contain, can be presented as contingent upon, and arising out of, the organic potentialities which our own bodily forces represent. 3. We can make more obvious the character of philosophy's prime difficulty by giving to its two contradictory bases the form of two equations. In these the terms on one side are identical. On the other they differ to the extent of the whole external world. The problem will then present itself as an affair of mere quantitative fact, in which form one would imagine the erroneous part would be more easy of detection. As a matter of fact, however, most philosophers would have to confess themselves as having at different times been as ready to subscribe to the one as to the other. Our first equation we get from these considerations:— To be means to be felt, the term feeling here covering the whole range of experience from elementary sensation to conception. The sum total of my feelings therefore exhausts my experience: exhausts all that exists, and all that to which I can, or shall be able in the future, to refer. Among this total I can discriminate that particular branch of my feelings which I call my own body, and I can discriminate it as a central nucleus to which another great body of my experience is referable, as a surrounding fringe. The seeming proportions of the fringe are far vaster than those of my body. It is made up of material forms which collectively I call my external world. The total thus presented by my body, and my external world, I call my universe or ego. (For the moment, and merely to keep the forms of the equations simple, I propose to consider three other great continents of my feeling world as making one with my bodily world, i.e., my intra-organic sensations, my emotions, and my thoughts.) Setting out these facts as an equation we get this:— My universe=My body plus My external world. And transposing the items we get:— My universe minus my body=My external world. And out of my total universe discriminating one of a peculiar species of item, which, though forming an infinitesimally small part of my own universe, yet seems so to resemble my own that I apply to its members the description of organisms in themselves, hence of subtenders of individual universes of their own, I may proceed to speak not only of my universe, but of your, the scientist's, or anybody's universe, and may state an equation on similar lines qualified by the mark distinctive of the particular organic relationship. Let us then select the scientist's universe. Whence:-— The scientist's universe= His organic body plus His external world. Therefore:— The scientist's universe minus His organic body=His external world. 4. Now this equation represents not only men's instinctive attitude towards the situation, but also that of the man of science, of the realist in philosophy and also at heart that, of the philosophic idealist too timorous to support his own logic to the lengths of egoism. It formulates the attitude of those who believe in the existence of an external world in absolute independence of the organic life which apprehends it, who believe that this world existed ages before their own particular organism was born, and that it will continue so to exist when that organism has been disintegrated and annulled. Now let us set up egoism's rival formula, starting out with this same proposition:— My universes My body plus My external world. Egoism makes this important alteration upon transporting the terms:— My universe minus My body=o. or The scientist's universe minus His body=o. That is, egoism denies the, absolute and independent existence of the external world. The kind of question which at once confronts it is obvious. In the first place, egoism needs to say why, if a universe is the sum of two quantities, the abstraction of one should exhaust the whole. And in the second, if such abstraction does so exhaust it, what is the nature of the plus sign which is supposed to amalgamate the two? Certainly, it cannot be the innocent-seeming arithmetical sign which one at first sight assumes it to be. 5. Now in accordance with the theory of the vital system we have already laid down, we hold we are on the track towards an explanation of the entire matter when we fix attention upon the nature of this plus sign. For though out of the totality of our experience we can discriminate the two items of organism and its surrounding world, the nature of the relation between the two is not that of simple addition. Rather the nature of the connection between them is like that existing between the two poles of any polarised force with which we are familiar. In such a force the feature is presented of two poles constituting respectively the terminal points of a single and unbroken line of force, the nature of the scheme being such that the absence of either terminus would negate the entire scheme. In relation to such a scheme, describing the poles as north and south respectively, there would be no hesitation in accepting the following description of the relationship of the two opposite poles:— (N plus S) minus S = o. or, (N plus S) minus N = o. Now this condition of affairs is an exact parallel to that which we get in the case of the vital universe or ego. Notwithstanding the fact that:— My universe = My body plus My external world and The Scientist's universe = His body plus His external world, yet My universe minus My body = o. The Scientist's universe minus His body = o. In short, we hold that there is no solution of the baffling facts of life and consciousness until we accept this fact: that life throughout its entire range means the polarisation: the dualisation: of a something we call the ego which is even more basic than life: a something unitary in character which, under its own adequate conditions, begets the dual differentiation known as life. Life represents precisely the introduction of that differentiation and is obtained by the hurling apart of these aspects of the ego, i.e., organism and a spatially-disposed substance, to the end that these, by acting and reacting over against each other, may make more fully manifest the nature of the unitary force inherent in and informing the whole. Death, on the other hand, can only mean the breakdown of the polarising conditions playing upon the basic force, so that the dual elements again become unitary as at the first. Since there is a form under which the unitary character of the primary force re-asserts itself even among the characteristic duality of life, i.e., in the facts of consciousness as finished products (as opposed to the mode of their production), it is left for us to suppose that it is this unified product—the unitary stream 0/ consciousness or self—when it has exhausted its polarising strength is sucked back into an ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 35 entirely unitary depolarised whole. Thus would the latter— the ego—be enabled to gather up all the spoil accruing from its expedition into life and in some incubating medium of timelessness, spacelessness, and utter non-differentiation which we call nothingness, allow the unitary atomic force to recuperate until again it arrives at differentiation point. 6. The advantage logically which we derive from this theory of life as a polarised force, is that it neatly gives us our elementary vital features, i.e., those of organism, space and the latter's content, substance. The scheme presents a logic as follows:— Manifested life even in the simplest form must be constituted of a polarised line of force. The positive extremity of this line would then constitute the organic body. This being in turn joined up with the negative extremity, a neutral field of force is formed which appears as space. The negative extreme on the other hand constitutes those sensory substances which appear as occupying space. Out of the entire system, it seems the most obvious thing to discriminate the two termini, organic and substantial respectively, because at both these two reciprocal but opposed ends the line of force "materialises"; that is to say, it rises here into more highly accentuated forms of existence or differentiation than in the neutral spatial field. 7. As life-forms become composite owing to the egoistic ability out of an increasing strength to create a number of positive poles or cells and to cause these to come together and to act as a co-ordinated Unit, there grows up also a corresponding power to lengthen the spatial field by a strengthening of the propulsive force existing between the two polar extremes. This strengthening amounts to nothing less than a pushing back of the walls of the vital universe so that our spatial world grows in an exact ratio with this propulsive power of life. However, development is equally distributed over the vital scheme, and together with the strengthening of the propulsive force which expands space, there appears also that modification as well as multiplication of the positive organic poles, which in turn entails a corresponding introduction of variety into the negative contents of space, i.e., into the forms of substance. That is to say, as the polarising power playing upon the basic ego increases, it manifests itself in a growth and complexity of (1) the positive extreme of the whole system, i.e., the organism, (2) in the fullness and variety of its negative extreme, i.e., the forms of the external world, and (3) in the expansion of the neutral field of influence joining the two, i.e., space. 8. Now in cases of the polarisation of forces more subsidiary than the vital one, we apply the terms positive and negative to the two extremes without intending to imply anything more than the oppositeness of the two, as, for instance, when we apply the alternative terms of north and south. Here, however, the application of the term positive to the organic extremity of the vital system carries an additional meaning. The fact that it does so is born of the further fact that in the vital scheme the organism is compelled to assume a nucleitic character because of the feature of concentration— or rather of convergence—of the positive organic poles, with the corresponding diffusion of the negative substantial ones. It is of great importance to grasp the full import of the nucleitic character of the organism. Organic growth means the multiplication of the number and variety of cells, each one of which constitutes the positive pole of a polarised force complete in itself, but with its action modified, however, by the fact that each and all maintain connection not only with their reciprocal negative termini in the shape of a point of substance in the spatial world, but also with every other positive pole converging resident in and indeed forming the organic whole. An organism becomes what it is: a mere speck in space: on this principle. The polarised lines of force, in place of running parallel with one another, tend to converge more and more to a point, and this centralising tendency: this hostility towards organic diffusion: intensifies with every added element of growth in the system as a whole. Hence vital development finds itself committed to two opposed tendencies developing respectively in its opposite poles. The tendency of the poles forming the composite organism is to contract as regards their most vital parts to dimensions approaching those of a point. The tendency of the elements of the spatial world on the contrary, is to diffuse themselves centrifugally through ever wider and wider lines of force. The latter accordingly become a diffused extended macrocosm existing in contra-distinction to a concentrated intensive microcosm formed by the organism. In the latter the termini are all grouped compactly together and are thus rendered capable of that swift and immediate intercommunication with one another which enables the whole to act as a unit over against the reciprocal substantial poles scattered throughout a whole world. The net advantage for the organism is such a power of initiative in action as enables it to impose its order more and more on the forms of the world-order. 9. All the more is this the case when (to anticipate our later argument) with the advent of mind, a higher order of polarisation than the spatial is born: an order within an order, more complex, subtle and powerful, and, above all, organically self-contained, since both its poles are situated within the organic body. In this new order space and its contents are cut off and only re-appear again for man as the negative elements involved in that great and artificially-constructed organic annexe we call reality. At this juncture for the first time, the stubborn-seeming substances filling the spatial world reveal their character of mere negatives. The positive activities involved in the creation of reality are both organic, the new power of mind and the new spatialising power of the hand, and between the upper and nether millstones of these distinctive powers of man, space and its contents transform so rapidly and so obediently in the direction of man's desires as to make us realise that they are void of character in themselves, and owe what form they have to the line of junction formed by organic capacity and the limits 10 that capacity. We have already shown how, in the close intimacy and high organic heats of mind, mental forms and ideas disclose inherent affinities for one another, sorting themselves out and arranging themselves in those fertile combinations which mean everything to the chemistry of truth; how also these hitherto unsuspected affinities between ideas having announced themselves in the mind, it devolves as a task for the hands—man's inordinately great spatialising sense of touch whose powers have leaped to maturity alongside his creation of a mind—to construct a spatial parallel to the forms mentally given, out of the negative substantial elements lying at their disposal in space. It is for this reason that the construction of the great practical annexe to truth has turned into an affair of measure and the reduction of all substantial forms to units expressible on a quantitative basis. The practical side of science (apart from considerations of corroboration) reveals itself as an ingenious rigging up of substantial forms not hitherto spatially experienced, but experienced in a medium which is quite adequate for the purpose, that of mind. It is however on the theoretical side that science shows its deepest genius, and although we are rightly impressed with the romance of reality created by the power of the hands and their imitative instruments to carry through the plans issued from the stills of the mind, it is in what happens there:in that new power to over-ride the spatial polarisation that we have to recognise the great cosmic revolution. 10. It is on account of this accentuatedly positive aspect which the human organism is empowered to adopt under the newer polarity, that we come to look upon the organism as almost identified with the ego itself, acting certainly as its proxy, expressing its very bent and intention, and counting space and substance as merely anvil to the hammer by which the organism beats out the distinctive egoistic forms. Thus it is too that the organism produces the illusion of exhausting the egoistic universe and appears capable of existing and of being annulled in its own right so to speak independently of the surrounding world. The error of thinking that the birth and decease of the organism can have place while the external world pursues its permanent way unaffected by both, becomes one very difficult indeed to avoid. Hence our temerarious realisms and our weak-kneed idealisms! ##36 THE EGOIST July 1919 II. 11. Let us, however, for the moment hang up the egoistic interpretation of space and substance, observing in doing so that the best that can be said for it is that it is logical whereas the "independence" theory of space and substance has abandoned logic; also that it yields a theory of reality which rescues that subject from the morass of contradictions into which realistic independence has plunged it, while the worst that can be said of it is that it continues to repel men's minds on account of an adverse-seeming light which certain notions deriving not so much from space and substance themselves as from time throw upon it. Were it not for our idea of time, and for the fact that the external world appears pugnaciously to persist in time, and beyond all comparison with the organism, the mind might accommodate itself to this disconcerting egoistic view of, space, but until some explanation of time can be given which will support egoism in place of undermining it, independent "realisms" and half-hearted "idealisms" will continue to bar the way against egoism notwithstanding their total logical destituteness. It is an egoistic theory of time parallel to the one we have given of space, that we here shall endeavour to propound. Be it noted, however, the time with which we shall deal is not perfected time: not that complete time structure synonymous with life which it is the work of science to create for us, and in which our knowledge being complete, we are rendered in one single act of apprehension, as aware of the antecedents and consequences of an event as of the event itself, so that the mode of action of the entire vital mechanism is self-evident throughout its cause. The time we speak of is rather an aspect of the knowledge-creating activity as we know it here and now, the process of "resurrection" proceeding slowly with the ordering in consciousness of a reluctant "past," and the arduous foreshadowing in a like medium of a nebulous "future." It is with our present human time representing an instrument still in the making and with its full work indicated and suggested rather than accomplished, that we propose now to deal. 12. This imperfect time is our new man-devised instrument for arranging into a new kind of order all the spatially arranged items which man finds lying higgledy-piggledy about his universe. Just as space serves as a sort of laboratory-bench upon which the substantial items lie strewn in mere superficial contiguity, so time serves as a powerful refractive instrument: an amazing synthetic device: causing all the substantial items lying on that bench to assume a new order of relationship. If we can say that the contiguities of the spatial order are horizontal, out-spread, we can say that the contiguities of the new order are longitudinal, every item, instead of maintaining a given fixed form, appearing to suck itself up out of an antecedent form. In place of the old spatial order of co-existing forms, the new order presents forms as phases in a constantly changing succession. That is, the new order presents forms in relationships which are causal:temporal. It shows things as aspects of a force changing as to phase, but identical throughout. The construction of the time-order is therefore the constructing of a thread upon which are strung the phases of things arranged according to the order in which these flow into and out of one another. The scientist will recognise what the making of the time-thread is. It is his own task of searching for the causes of things, which we have already given what we consider adequate reasons for considering the times of things. We have already urgently insisted, all the why's of science are when's. When the scientist asks why things happen, he is asking when things happen, and science will only comprehend its own function when it has learnt how to explain as the first fruit of the virtue of signs, time, and to explain it in relation to the more elemental institution of space Science can put on the true scientific air only when it has mastered its metaphysics, for it is in this new vital endeavour in which the temporal connection seeks to override and dominate the spatial and to provide a substitute for it that truth acquires its meaning. 13. The high significance of the human instrument of ¦time becomes apparent when we look to the origins of the power which has enabled man to devise it. For it modifies fundamentally the entire vital economy. As we have seen, the elementary vital universe comes to be only as a product of a species of polarisation which flings the organic nucleus to one end of a neutral field of force (which is space) and to the other the forms of external substance. Organism, space and substance are the direct fruits of that basic disintegrating effort of life. How great we conceive to be the human innovation of time is shown when we assert that it involves nothing less than a second vital order of polarisation. In the elementary spatial scheme of polarisation we saw that as the life-force intensifies, the value and function of spatial substances comes to be merely to act as releasing cues capable of setting the positive organic poles into the various modes of motion which constitute the different modes of feeling. We have only just now been speaking of the advantage accruing to the positive organic poles in the matter of initiative and swift co-ordination of all feelings, brought about by the fact that these various poles are all crowded thickly together. As this concentration and inter-relating of organic poles increases, we come to a point of development (in man) where the power of grip unifying the whole reaches a climax, and man suddenly exhibits a power within himself of determining an entire feeling-circuit. By this means:—The general strength of the whole system becomes increased to such a degree that it is possible to collect all the available organic forces and throw these in a single assault into one item of external feeling. Hence world-items can be emphasised one at a time, so that the external world as a whole becomes cut up into highly intensified units: separate objects: a that plus that plus that. With this change showing itself the spatial aspect of things alongside an increased organic mobility appearing in the human throat which renders widely differentiated sounds possible, the means are forthcoming of associating verbal (or other) signs with the external units. And since these signs again are organically producible and determined, the organism becomes able to produce at will as much of the movement constituting the external object as the sign can scoop off by virtue of its associative connection. This thinned-out movement: this sign-started form: is the form which inhabits the mind. It is the conceptual form. With the new power, to differentiate objects spatially which is the basis of the power to make a true sign, man finds himself provided with a new form of releasing-cue capable of doing in the way of bringing organic responsiveness into being, much that the more robust substantial forms had hitherto had the monopoly of doing. 14. It is with this advent of the sign that organic forces reach the level where mind emerges, mind representing the collective products and forces connected with the sign-using power. What it means is that the human organism has become capable of employing an organically-created negative pole capable of masquerading within limits, the function of the older negative substantial poles which constitute the contents of space, which have had the exclusive power hitherto of exercising that function. Thus it is that with these mental polar substitutes a new vital order is born. In this newer order of polarisation the negative rôle of the sign is one which exactly parallels that of substance in the older. The positive role of the organism is identical in both; while the earlier neutral field of space is matched by a new feature:a neutral field of force which is nothing other than time itself. Hence, just as in the old spatial order, substances were made to wear the appearance of an arrangement "in" space, so in the new temporal, causal order the concepts called into being by signs are made to take the appearance of being arranged "in" time. Time and space alike represent the maintaining of lines of force, and in this sense both represent the output of vital effort and force. Of this output and expenditure of egoistic energy we appear little conscious as regards space, although the fact that half our days are spent in sleep in an effort to recuperate from the spatialising effort by cutting off the greater, part of our spatial world, shows that the organism is not unconscious of the strain. The cost of the temporal effort is much more patent to our consciousness. The effort required for a rigorous employment of signs: that is for thought and particularly for sustained thought having a ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 37 universal bearing, is so great that very few persons attempt it. It is all an affair governed by egoistic stamina. 15. To summarise these facts, we can say that with the advent of the sign-power or mind, the organic vital pole has evolved what we may call a second form of sense. It is the sense of truth. It is a sense of the times, otherwise the causes of spatial things dawning in connection with their conceptual replicas. With its help man is able to set in motion a complete circuit of feeling within the orbit of his own body. He begins to feel directly with his internal apparatus instead of having the latter limited to actions made in response to stimuli acting on the outer organic periphery. The sign forming a new intra-organic negative pole, a complete intra-organic circuit of feeling is established. And among these wholly intra-organic circuits (which constitute the conceptual forms of mind) there begins to display itself a new species of affinity under which certain conceptual forms show preferences for certain others, and from this automatic coming together of ideas, when two conceptual forms not hitherto associated, ally themselves together as relations, we get the hint, a peculiar "striking of the mind," which sends us eagerly forward to see if on experimenting with the spatial forms corresponding to the conceptual, this inward hint will receive outward corroboration. That is, this new sense-order: this new feeling for relationships and contiguities which are causal (otherwise temporal) appearing in the mind and indeed constituting the mind: this new sense-order is the basis of our theoretical science and the inspiration of the practical science which, backed up by the power of the human hand, yields the progressive creation of reality. The theoretical work of science then is to declare the times of things. The search for the causes of things means a transposing of all perceptual forms out of the old spatial order of surface-contiguities into the new conceptual order of succession: out of the spatial scheme of polarising into the higher polarities of time or cause made possible by the higher mechanisms of mind. It means a new order imposed on an old: a new mould which the scientist causes the world of spatial things to assume. The time-sense is not something the scientist has found lying ready-made in the world. It is something which he has distilled out of himself: a tune of his own creating, and he has found moreover a reason for his hands in that they are able to cause the spatial world to dance in correct measure to that tune. The dance is the progressive creation of a "real" world. III. 16. There could be small reluctance in accepting this theory of the meaning and origin of time if it met all the difficulties in the case. The scientist's chief difficulty in respect to time however still remains to be faced. This difficulty has to do with the notion of rate as applied to time:a notion now inalienably mixed up with time. The scientist can very readily conceive events and things as items threaded on a string in such a way that every succeeding thing and event swells and grows out of an antecedent one, and itself swells and grows in turn into its successor, for that is the one prominent feature of his science. But this is his difficulty. He has beaded his string with events until it is a very long one, and since his human endowment has made him in addition to being time-maker also the organism which measures he has taken it into his head to measure it. So he utilises some regularly-recurring event: the return of day after night: the return of the earth to a given position in the solar system: and makes this into his yard-stick for measuring the length of the time-thread. Thereupon emerges a result he finds curious. So much the worse as he thinks for egoism, he finds that the length of his chain of things and events as a whole is incomparably greater than the length of his own span of life. Therefore, he argues, the world of things is greater than his life. Therefore, also, it must, in certain stages of its history exist independently of that life. Q. E. D.— The time-thread has done what was required of it:proved the independence of the external world in respect of the organism. 17. This is the realist stronghold and its strength seems sufficiently patent. What argument is there that egoism can effectually oppose to it? In our opinion, this:—There are certain complex situations where obviously the simple arithmetical operations of addition and subtraction are inapplicable. We saw how they failed to apply to the facts of the polarisation of forces when we were considering the nature of space and accounting for the specklike or nucleitic character of the organism in relation to space and its contents. And since, as we hold, the creation of time is nothing other than a transposition of the spatial elements from a spatial order into a causal one, it is obvious that we must expect to find in the newer order a riddle corresponding to the spatial, if again we endeavour to solve the situation by the application of the cruder arithmetical processes. Arithmetic, the yardstick and the rule of three, are as forceful, sound, and applicable as ever, but it is essential to understand the nature of the situations into which we may introduce them. The temporal lines we may measure are those which radiate from the positive organic nucleus as far as the latter's power to fling the negative poles, i.e., the signs, carries them. These lines may stretch into the past, or they may infiltrate into the future, and in either case they are equally measurable; also the distances between the items so arranged are submissive to standard measures. The one "item" which may not be strung on the time-string as of equal status with the negative items already strung there is the nucleitic organism itself, since its presence is responsible for all the items put together, for the line which unites them, and the measure which measures them. The yardstick is not allowed, in short, to confound extension with intension, or to confuse measurement among items whose basic feature is spread-outness with measurement of their reciprocal poles whose basic feature, on the contrary, is convergence. Addition, subtraction, and the rule of three must continue to have regard to the fundamental rule governing their use, i.e., that they are to be applied only after or when all the quantities concerned have been reduced to a uniform nature: to a common denomination. However, the situation was complex enough to confuse the mind when the latter had to account for facts based upon one order of polarisation only. The confusion becomes correspondingly increased when it has to account for them as they appear as the effects of a second and higher: an order within an order. Still, that's our task, and we must face it. 18. We allowed ourselves to call the spatial order a horizontal one, and in it we claimed that the organism held a place that could be likened to the central nucleus of a circle. The introduction of the second temporal order resolved itself into an effort to transpose these horizontally-placed world-items into a longitudinal one in which things and events flow upwards in and through and out of one another. Now, it may help us to get a more solid grasp of what is meant by this transposition if we try to conceive it under graphic form. At the outset let us remind ourselves that in both orders it is a scheme of polarisation which is involved: that is, both orders involve positive poles grouped together as an intensive nucleus, with only their negative poles widely diffused—in the one case through space and in the other through time. Now in the higher order let us conceive the positive organic nucleus transposed from the centre of the circle where spatially it resided, representing an ever present here, to the circumference, where it resides as an ever-present now. From this fixed temporal standpoint it will then proceed to propel its new negative arms constituted by signs in two directions:down towards its nadir into an illimitable past; up towards its zenith into an illimitable future. The heights and depths which the sign can scale will depend, even as did the length of the spatial propulsion, upon the status of the egoistic force informing the whole. Nor will the signs make their journey empty-handed. Into every new point reached in their temporal or causal thread they will conduct as spoil some item which they have selected as appropriate to that place out of the spatial world. Consequently that as the work proceeds we begin to realise that there will ultimately be no one item or event left in the lower horizontal world which has not been allotted its ##38 THE EGOIST July 1919 corresponding place in the higher longitudinal one. And even more, since the second time-finding arm of the sign which scales into the future is giving place and full though shadowy form to features which never existed save as germ in the spatial world. Thus is the temporal world vastly richer than the spatial, because its negative poles-signs are far more powerful than their spatial parallels, i.e., substances. The sign is prophetic as well as resurrective: can make as well as apprehend. 19. Moreover, since no item is sacred to the sign, and we presume to lay our signs on the time-making activity itself, we here receive a very remarkable revelation. It is this. The very meaning of that activity is that it asks tirelessly: "And before that, and before that, and before that?" always and for ever, and without end. Also that it asks: "And after that, and after, and after?" again, for ever and without end. And when we have scooped off that attribute by means of a sign and thought what the meaning of it can be, we realise that it means, in our science, we are ascending and descending a track which sets no term to that backward descent to a nadir or that upward ascent to a zenith. This is, the causal, i.e., scientific, activity is traversing a track which is a circle; that the search for origins and the pursuing of scientific ends must culminate in a common goal at a point where ends and origins meet. Hence we are informed that the two arms of the sign-power reaching out into the past and the future respectively, and which we deemed to issue perpendicularly beneath and above the organism, are actually impressed with a curve. From the organism they spread out, then in, and must finally unite, knitting together in that last full knowledge of our life's beginning and end to form a closed ring: a true unit: the fundamental atom on which the vital scheme is based: the ego: world and organism linked as one. 20. We should have no difficulty now in answering the question: What is the measure of authoritativeness resting with our science of external nature? We know that knowing means the applying of signs to forms to the end that conceptual visions of these forms may be begotten in the intraorganic medium which we call mind; and that immediately these are born they display peculiar selective affinities for one another, so providing man with a base from which he finds himself empowered to effect the transposition of forms from a spatial order to a temporal—otherwise a causal— one. To effect this transposition is the theoretical part of science: that is, it is the work of the scientist to create a time-chain. And since it is the scientist who creates time, one might conclude that the scientist is before all the fit and proper person to use time as an argumentative weapon. If, therefore, time seems to contradict any given philosophic theory, the scientist might be regarded as the very authority who may declare that theory null and void. This is the attitude which our science of external nature has been permitted to adopt. 21. The situation, however, is not quite so simple and straightforward. The task of science certainly is to call into being the time-order, but the scientist as such is not in any special degree aware of that fact. He creates science which is asking other than the time-order—under the same impulse as that which impels all mankind, as the users of signs, to create science. Man, because he can use a true sign, is willy-nilly scientist:the scientist so-called being merely one who devotes a rather larger proportion of his energies to linking-up the time-connections existent between the items of the external world. Science, therefore, is not a task which the scientist enters upon knowing what he is about. Without any willed intention of his own he finds himself delivered over to it. Under compulsion of a force within himself, he applies himself to the task and shapes himself to it as ably as he can. But at the outset he does not understand—he does not know—what he is doing. Only afterwards, when his hand-to-mouth activity has gone very far indeed, does he become aware that the activity as a whole—knowing in general—is beginning to show distinctive features which he may signalise if he chooses and turn into forms of thought. 22. Now from this fact we may derive the means which will enable us to differentiate philosopher from scientist. The philosopher, a scientist even as are all men, is one who has allowed his attention to be caught by these features emerging from the knowing activity considered as a whole. He has been interested to fasten signs on them, to beget the conceptual forms therefrom accruing, and to wait for Still deeper relationships to assert themselves in the quietness of mind. It is a natural and inevitable development of the scientific spirit. To stand out against it—to discourage and belittle it—is a denial of that spirit of science. Not all persons, however, are equally sensitive to the growing trend of an activity and, with good enough intentions, continue to linger over the forms of activity with which they have become familiar, especially when, as is the case with natural science, there remains a vast amount of work of that class still to be done. This is the position occupied by the scientist who limits himself to considering the causal connections existent among forms occupying the external world. He began with that—found himself committed to it by his human endowment, and still continues with it. 23. What the causal (temporal) order is existing between himself and all the external items combined is a question which would face him immediately were he to allow himself to consider the nature of knowledge as a whole, but from this he has decided impatiently he will consider himself cut off. From the meaning of knowledge therefore he holds aloof and concerns himself exclusively with the adding of item to item—to the lengthening of the thread, unmindful of its nature and direction. This limited task gives him plenty to do, particularly as he has, with great appropriateness considering its nature, given himself the task of creating a new external reality as far as the limited scope of his theory enables him to conceive realities. His activity is very great, and the volume of his productions enormous, but they are superficial and without scientific basis. This last criticism is the justest that can be made against our science of external things. The whole tendency of science is to show how incidental are the multitudinous forms of things: to see things as the same force transmuting under given conditions into other forms equally fleeting. Its constant endeavour is to reduce known items to a range as nearly approaching the basic as its powers will allow. Now the basic relationship of any and every known thing is its relation to the knowing-power lodged in the organism. Hence the ascertaining of the nature of the relationship between the organism and the external world is, scientifically considered, the first question of science. If the scientist chooses to proceed to the determining of the details of inter-external relationships, without supplying his own solution to that question—that is, without providing himself with a metaphysics: without becoming a philosopher—he has to recognise he does so at the cost of condemning himself to silence whenever the first principles of science come to be raised. His pseudo-scientific knowledge has no bearing when the science of "all-knowledge" is at issue. He essays to use time as an argument, but because of his neglect of the science of knowing he has robbed himself of the competence to understand time. On the other hand, the philosophy which has forged a coherent theory of the activity of knowing is rewarded with a coherent theory of time. And this theory and egoism yield one another a mutual support. THE LATE SINGER HERE it is spring again and I still a young man. I am late at my singing. The sparrow with black rain on his breast has been at his cadenzas for two weeks past; what is it that is dragging at my heart? The grass by the back door is stiff with sap. The old maples are opening their branches of brown and yellow moth-flowers. A moon floats in the blue in the early afternoons over the marshes. I am late at my singing. William Carlos Williams ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 39 REFLECTIONS ON CONTEMPORARY POETRY IT is not true that the development of a writer is a function of his development as a man, but it is possible to say that there is a close analogy between the sort of experience which develops a man and the sort of experience which develops a writer. Experience in living may leave the literary embryo still dormant, and the progress of literary development may to a considerable extent take place in a soul left immature in living. But similar types of experience form the nourishment of both. There is a kind of stimulus for a writer which is more important than the stimulus of admiring another writer. Admiration leads most often to imitation; we can seldom remain long unconscious of our imitating another, and the awareness of our debt naturally leads us to hatred of the object imitated. If we stand toward a writer in this other relation of which I speak we do not imitate him, and though we are quite as likely to be accused of it, we are quite unperturbed by the charge. This relation is a feeling of profound kinship, or rather of a peculiar personal intimacy, with another, probably a dead author. It may overcome us suddenly, on first or after long acquaintance; it is certainly a crisis; and when a young writer is seized with his first passion of this sort he may be changed, metamorphosed almost, within a few weeks even, from a bundle of second-hand sentiments into a person. The imperative intimacy arouses for the first time a real, an unshakeable confidence. That you possess this secret knowledge, this intimacy, with the dead man, that after few or many years or centuries you should have appeared, with this indubitable claim to distinction; who can penetrate at once the thick and dusty circumlocutions about his reputation, can call yourself alone his friend: it is something more than encouragement to you. It is a cause of development, like personal relations in life. Like personal intimacies in life, it may and probably will pass, but it will be ineffaceable. The usefulness of such a passion is various. For one thing it secures us against forced admiration, from attending to writers simply because they are great. We are never at ease with people who, to us, are merely great. We are not ourselves great enough for that: probably not one man in each generation is great enough to be intimate with Shakespeare. Admiration for the great is only a sort of discipline to keep us in order, a necessary snobbism to make us mind our places. We may not be great lovers; but if we had a genuine affair with a real poet of any degree we have acquired a monitor to avert us when we are not in love. Indirectly, there are other acquisitions: our friendship gives us an introduction to the society in which our friend moved; we learn its origins and its endings; we are broadened. We do not imitate, we are changed; and our work is the work of the changed man; we have not borrowed, we have been quickened, and we become bearers of a tradition. I feel that the traces of this sort of experience are conspicuously lacking from contemporary poetry, and that contemporary poetry is deficient in tradition. We can raise no objection to "experiments" if the experimenters are qualified; but we can object that almost none of the experimenters hold fast to anything permanent under the varied phenomena of experiment. Shakespeare was one of the slowest, if one of the most persistent, of experimenters; even Rimbaud shows process. And one never has the tremendous satisfaction of meeting a writer who is more original, more independent, than he himself knows. No dead voices speak through the living voice; no reincarnation, no re-creation. Not even the saturation which sometimes combusts spontaneously into originality. fly where men feel The cunning axletree: and those that suffer Beneath the chariot of the snowy Bear is beautiful; and the beauty only appears more substantial if we conjecture that Chapman may have absorbed the recurring phrase of Seneca in signum celsi glaciale poli septem stellis Arcados ursae lucem verso termone vocat..... sub cardine glacialis ursae . . . a union, at a point at least, of the Tudor and the Greek through the Senecan phrase. In the books of verse I have undertaken to examine, this fertilisation is not very apparent. Mr Read's* book is on a very high level of war poetry. It is the best war poetry that I can remember having seen. It is better than the rest because it is more honest; because it is neither Romance nor Reporting; because it is unpretentious; and it has emotion as well as a version of things seen. For a poet to observe that war is ugly and not on the whole glorious or improving to the soul is not a novelty any more: but Mr Read does it with a quiet and careful conviction which is not very common. His vision surpasses his ear; and he has, I guess, been impressed—how could he escape it?—by Wyndham Lewis, who is a visual and only occasionally an auditory writer. Mr Read is handicapped by his imperfection of musical sense, in the production of tone: the effect that is to say, is a succession of effects of ideas and images, rather than the sharp and indefinable effect of the poem as a whole. Nevertheless, "The Happy Warrior" and parts of "Kneeshaw Goes to War," and particularly the prose sketch at the end, are decidedly successful. M. Tristan Tzara, whose book bears the impression of the Collection Dada in Zurich, is very different. He goes in for tones, rather minor ones, and sometimes gets them, though at the vast sacrifice of everything else. He has assembled a kind of something which has the odd distinction of being neither verse nor prose nor prose-poem; his tic-tac debile is agreeably competent. This one opens rather pleasantly: froid tourbillon zigzag de sang je suie sans âme cascade sans amis et sans talents seigneur Je ne reçois pas régulièrement les lettres de ma mère qui doivent passer par la russie par la norvège et par l'angleterre. . . . but at times he becomes difficult to follow: Bonjour sans cigarette tzantzanza ganga bouzdouc zdouc nfounfa mbaah. . . . The only way to take this sort of thing is very seriously, and I have got the impression that M. Tzara is rather clever. At least it is a symptomof "experiment," and ought not to be put in the hands of the young. M. Tzara's work does not appear to have Very deep roots in the literature of any nation. A third violent contrast is Mr Conrad Aiken, # He has written several books of verse, and is pretty well known in America. He has the distinction of believing in the long poem, and of having worked through and abandoned several forms of the long poem which he has probably perceived to be obsolete. He has discarded the Masefield * "Naked Warriors." By Herbert Read. Art and Letters, 9 Duke Street Adelphi. 3s. nett. # "The Charnel Rose," and Other Poems. By Conrad Aiken. Boston The Four Seas Company. $1.25 nett. ##4° THE EGOIST July 1919 poem; we infer from this that he has perceived that the older fashioned narrative poem cannot be taken seriously when it has Henry James or Tchekov to compete with in prose. "Senlin: a biography" can be. read carefully and advantageously to see what Mr Aiken is attempting on his borderline of the subliminal. It cannot be said quite to succeed, and its Condor twilight is unsatisfying after the sharper outlines of Mr Read's vision. Mr Aiken has gone in for psycho-analysis with a Swinburnian equipment; and he does not escape the fatal American introspectiveness; he is oversensitive and worried. He is tangled in himself. The effect is of immaturity of feeling, not at all of any lack of it. It is difficult for a writer to mature in America. This is a pity; if Mr Aiken were not so isolated, if he was in contact with European civilisation, he might go so very much farther; his attempt is more impressive than many English successes. One ought properly at this point to revert to the question of tradition, and to the consideration of what, in the developing and maturing of verse, changes and what remains the same. T. S. ELIOT. The Russian Ballets AFTER the morbid grovellingamong musical mausoleums which has characterised the past musical season, and which reaches its apotheosis of monotony and boredom with the Henry J. Wood "Parsifal" Concerts,and the Robert Newman Beethoven Festival Concerts, it is pleasant to have fresh air let in upon musical functions with the advent of the Daghailief Russian Ballet Season at the Alhambra. As I write only three of the twelve weeks of the complete ballet season have been given, yet these three weeks stand out above all the other musical performances, with perhaps the exception of the Scriabine performances under Albert Coates, and this despite the fact that all the works presented by the ballet to date are revivals of things with which we are already familiar. THE STRAVINSKY BALLETS IF Daghailief had done nothing more than revive the two Stravinsky ballets, "PETROUSHKA" and "THE FIRE BIRD," we would have been greatly in his debt. For not only is STRAVINSKY, as Granville Bantock says, "the outstanding figure in Russian music to-day"; he is, as a creative force, something of an entirely new musical order. With the advent of Stravinsky, music attains not only a development in the commonly-accepted sense, but a new direction evincing entirely new creative possibilities. Stravinsky is the first great creative musician to recognise, employ, and postulate consistently, a direct objective treatment of sound, apart from all intellectual premise, or abstract theory. He is never lured into abstract speculation or prejudiced dogma, but uses his acute mentality to investigate and co-ordinate the musical facts made apparent by his ever-active and subtle sensibility and his tireless experiments with the aural qualities of sound. He, in fact, does what the direct treaters of media do in painting. In all creative directions he maintains his reason free from prejudice, "feeling-bias," and sterile habit, and works by direct scientific experiment and verification alone. As a natural result of his objective treatment of sound, it follows that Stravinsky has no artificial technical limitations or conventions. The restrictions of model melody and harmony—themselves entirely arbitrary—which are apparent in the works of the diatonically-writing Classics, the tonic-central chromaticism of the Romantics, and of composers of the immediately pre-contemporary stage of musical development, such as Strauss, Elgar, d'Indy, and others, or the more particularised whole-tone specialisations of Debussy, and the scale-chord formula of Scriabine, have all equally no part in his work. Still further does he stand from the mathematical theoretical methods of the academicallv-dominant Teutonic system which persists, through Wagner, Strauss, Pfitzner, Mahler, and Brückner, to Schönberg, as evinced in his compositions, and in such peculiarities as the Quartett-Akkorde, and other constructions postulated in his "Harmonielehre." Stravinsky is naturally too objective to set his face prejudicedly against such devices, but he is never obsessed by them, and only utilises them particularisedly, and for occasional purposes, after experiment which shows them to be the most exact means for the expression of that which he desires in given instances to convey. He deals with music in substance, not according to mode; his compositions are written to be heard, not to be measured pedantically on paper with a German music-carpenter's foot-rule. Stravinsky is practical, not theoretical; he has methods, but no pre-fixed system. His musical values are intrinsically those of sound utilised as a "thing-in-itself." By its means he seeks to convey, not abstract philosophical literary, or symbolic, meanings, but to evoke what JACQUES COPEAU has indicated as the primary essential of art-comprehension, "un état de sensibilité," in which his conceptions may be directly, sensitively apprehended and comprehended. With this mental objectivity it is only natural that Stravinsky should turn to the ballet as an appealing medium of expression. For choreography, in its most developed forms, is more concrete, more consistently tangible in substance, and more direct in appeal, than any type of drama wedded to words. Even the most subtle literary drama is liable to have its significance obscured by the mental linguistic associations and subjective habits of an audience. The art of choreography, directly dependent upon tangible visual presentation and appeal, is free from the intermediary modifying factors which dilute the mood-essence of the literary drama. The purpose of a choreographic poem is concentrated in concrete action, sensatorily enhanced by music and imaginatively posited color and light. Hence, by reason of the plasticity of its component factors, it has an immense fluidity, and therefore a capacity for conveying extremely minute and subtle transitions and inflections of moods, impossible to convey through the measured terms of logical speech. Words cannot attain the synthetic force obtainable by means of gestures, steps, and facial expression, which have a capacity for more rapid alternation, succession, and simultaneous combination, and therefore for more manifold and condensed significance. In short, choreography affects the whole physique by a quickening of kinaesthetic ideas, after the manner of ideo-motor action. As Lodtze points out, "The spectator accompanies the throwing of a ball, or the thrust of a swordsman, by slight movements of his arm; the untaught narrater tells his story with many gesticulations; the reader, while absorbed in the perusal of a battle-scene, feels a slight tension run through his muscular system, keeping time, as it were, with the actions he is reading of. These results become the more marked the more absorbed we are in thinking of the movements which suggest them." Hence it follows that choreography is more capable of stimulating that "state of being" which places the observer in a position to gain a new aspect of consciousness, to give him a new experience—one of the primary motives of all art—than any other type of established drama. Stravinsky himself says "I want neither to suggest situations or emotions, but merely to manifest, to express them. Though I find it extremely hard to do so, I always aim at straightforward expression in its simplest form. I have no use for working out in dramatic or lyric music. The one essential is to feel, and to express one's feelings." Hence he employs the choreographic form as objectively as he utilises the aural possibilities of sound. As Dargorirjsky negated set numbers in the music-drama, so Stravinsky negated set numbers of the old "ballerina" type in the choreographic poem; in his creations the music and action flow in consistent, interactive, and subtly-developed streams of movement and sound, much after the centrifugal manner in which the later dialogue of TCHEKOF, in plays such as The Cherry Orchard, is presented. The whole effect is that of cumulative group-forces, not of deliberate separate characterisations. Always he is as concise and condensed as possible. Hence the dramatic force of his works; hence their clarity, brilliancy, and their wit. His emotion is always intense, never diffused; his work evinces first-class intelligence; it has nothing of the musical tautology characterising composers such as Wagner, Strauss, and Charpentier. The music he writes for his choreographic poems never distracts from the dramatic theme; he has no subservience to abstract musical architectonics. The crowd music in his "Petroushka" is no thing of melodic refrains and set harmonic cadencies; it is an inter-active fusion of kaleidoscopic images exactly equivalent to the shifting impressions from which the exhilarating atmosphere of crowded scenes is built up. As an orchestral composer Stravinsky's objectivity maintains itself, and contributes greatly to his synthetic dramatic methods. He negates the old conventional formula of instrumental group-divisions, and treats each instrument particularisedly as an individual contributory factor to the general effect, writing for each with experimental verification of its peculiar qualities and characteristics of timbre. By this means he obtains a diversity and multiplicity of tonal color quite unprecedented, which gives to his orchestration a rarity of atmosphere and a subtlety of tonal nuance which at times seems to embody moods hovering on the farthest verge of sense. To his orchestral effects his objective treatment of rhythm also contributes greatly. For Stravinsky's rhythmic expression is a unifying factor in his music which operates far more effectually than the ordinary formal musical structural divisions, and "chopped-off" musical periods. Negating the detailed arithmetical sectioning of classic forms, he utilises his rhythmic movement of sound as a delineative factor, co-ordinating by its means all the constituent thematic and harmonic subtleties of which his music is made up, and grading his orchestral dynamics with extraordinary subtlety. The effect approximates to that produced by certain painters, such as Cézanne, who in a similar manner coordinate the component colors and images of actuality in broad planes of color-design. By this means his music has a unity more consistently intrinsic to music than any mathematical formula of construction can produce. "The Fire Bird" is Stravinsky's first choreographic work, yet even here his characteristics are already marked. He follows here no labored plan of commentary on the separate events of the dramatic story, but illuminates the## July 1919 THE EGOIST 41 mood-content of the successive situations comparatively, as acutely and concisely as possible, bringing out their most decorative aspects in such way as to emphasise sharply their sensatory appeal. The music of the elusive Bird Woman has nothing of the tedium and mechanical absurdity of the Wagnerian "Leit-motif; plastic musical phrases of a tonal-color quality only describable as luminous are used interactively, building up a cumulative complex in which the figurative beauty of the legendary figure derives from the mood-content of her dancing and its effect on the other dramatic characters. This method of presentation by means of complete, comparative impressions is the essence of Stravinsky's synthetic methods which have been developed in "THE CONSECRATION OF SPRING" (which one cannot exculpate Daghailief for omitting in his present season), "THE NIGHTINGALE," and the "LITURGY." In "Petroushka" Stravinsky treats his theme more consistently choreographically by the employment of group-action, as in the scenes of the fair. And here all his characteristic, methods are brilliantly vindicated. One is amazed by the clarity, concision, and synthetic quality of the music. Not a superfluous note, not an atom of that labored interstitial thinking so palpable in Wagner Brevity, and a rare precision of musical imagery, which has all the delicate quality of arabesque art, carries us through a kaleidoscopic pageant of dance-drama. There is nothing pretentious, nothing of that architectonic ostentation which seeks to impress by mere massive proportions. Stravinsky never approaches the vulgarity which renders Wagner so popular. And here he has a theme which offers full scope for these qualities which render his music so refreshing: humor and satire. For Petroushka is the direct lineal descendant of the earlier Polichinella in whom was embodied the mockery of sentiment and of superficial pathos of the Commedia dell' Arte; in his pitiful inarticulacy and futility are pilloried the vagaries of the dreamer and the abstract sentimentalist. The other characters, also, the Moor who is the old, crude, sensual creature whom we have known earlier as Arlechinno of the blackened, or masked, face, or the Moor of the Venetian comedies, and the Ballerina who is true daughter of that Colombina in whom were epitomised the voluptuousnesses and the frail caprices of the essential feminine, all partake of the same whimsical fantasy, and point Stravinsky's shrewd insight, wit, and satire. And if one have any doubt of the underlying mockery of hypocrisies, vague superstitions, and abstract ideas, then one has only to look at the drop-curtain of Benois, whereon the Great Magician poses upon his bed of clouds amid a vista of stars, and condescendingly contemplates the world to which he gives muddled, inarticulate, ineffectual aspiration, and passion, or pay heed to the scene where Petroushka fruitlessly apostrophises his image in the absurd dark chamber guarded by ridiculous painted devils, or that in which the childish, animistic Moor, failing to sever his cokernut, with which he so lovingly plays ball, kneels down and worships it. Yes, certainly here Stravinsky has not only extended the scope of the ballet; he has also made of the figures of the old Commedia something not merely traditionally resuscitated, but has restored to them something of that older, original illuminative quality which made the Italian masks symbols of that greater comedy which we call life. THE OTHER BALLETS OF the other ballets that which stands out most is "CHILDREN'S TALES." Here one has all the sense of wonder, of virginal experience which permeates all tales created when the world still felt sincerely enough to express itself in young, direct, and enthusiastic terms. And this delightful little cycle of fantastic dance-scenes has something of that essential postulated by Guyau as imperative for all true art-work, "l'inconsciente naïveté de l'enfant." Miassine in this ballet has given us something full of the real, delightful child-spirit—not that of our wrong-headed educational faddists, who are still endeavouring to impose on the child from without—but something educed from the child within. The action flows with a spontaneous humor and a whimsical sense of fantasy which comes as a new thing in choreographic work. It is a thing full of the first sense of beauty and poetry, unsoiled by intellectual superimpositions; it is permeated with unsoiled happiness and youth—and it has a throat-catching tenderness woven into it which owes nothing to sentiment. The whole production is distinguished by a fine unity of purpose and execution. Larionof is to be congratulated on his designs and costumes; they have all the child's virile, unaffected sense of clear vivid color, and all its sense of the intrinsic humor of shapes and form-contrasts. The dances are perhaps the most intrinsically expressive of all the ballets, and Miassine redeems himself by them from the banalities of such things as "THE GOOD HUMORED LADIES." Arnold Bax, one of the few composers with a really personal idiom, and original expression in England, has orchestrated the Prelude, and it is an exciting introduction informed with a deep sense of the beautv of the little cycle which follows it. Musically, the "NARCISSE" of TCHEREPNIN stands next to the Stravinsky ballets among the works as yet given. But, delicate and subtle though it is, it yet has something of the sentimentality and artificiality, the rather sloppy emotionalism of its text. Doubtless no composer selects a theme for treatment with which he has not sympathy. Somehow, one feels here a certain hot-air atmosphere and a certain mental posture akin to the affected culture of the Petrograd "intelligentsia" under the old régime. Its apparent naïveté is really as far apart from the free, natural impulses of simple things as is the vigorously propagated folk-cult of the English faddists, with its monotonous repetitionalism, and its desire to force the clock-hand of the world backwards. My ultimate conviction re Tcherepnin is that he is not so far removed from Tschaikowsky; there is a lot of limelight and tinsel in his summer sunshine. "PRINCE IGOR" is a good thing, in that it is the complete presentation of an episode, presented directly, and with a unity of movement, color-design, blend, and contrast, and dynamic music. A good many operas would benefit by being so dissected, and subdivided. It is strong, straight-forward music, in which the vital impulse dominates any tendency to mere musical ostentation. "SCHEHERAZADE" and "THAMAR" have the quality of being frank sensualism, directly stated, and with a fierce impulse which robs them of any stuffiness. These works are no mere drawing-room sofa spasms; they are fierce, unashamed animal impulse and passion, and are expressed, musically and in color and movement, with a real sense of vivid contrast and sheer sensuous abandon, the surges of which, more than any regularity of action, give them their balance, like the riotous color-orgies, and the sensuous imagery in Persian design and poetry. "CARNIVAL" and "PAPILLONS" are sentimental things, pretences on which to hang mechanical posturings, and rather nastier things veiled by thick, Munich-beer "temperamentvoll" smooze. They give occasional pretty pictures of a chocolate box order; they mean nothing; they are naturally great favorites with the "intelligentsia." "LES SYLPHIDES" is all very moonlighty, very sloppy, and very pretentious. It is extraordinarily sickly, from the Chopin music, which, orchestrated, sounds like ##42 THE EGOIST July 1919 weak music-hall jingle after Stravinsky; it evinces a sort of mental masturbation current with the back-boneless voluptuary, the senile type of person who disgusts us in most art-coteries. "THE GOOD-HUMORED LADIES" is like nothing on earth except the dream of a German artist after a visit to Moscow, and a mixed diet of Verlaine, Kunst und Dekoration, and some essays on Russian art by an American living in Paris. It is a sort of amorous General Post, in which everyone gets as hopelessly mixed up as the various couples in a Hampstead "rag." It is supposed to be founded on a theme by Goldoni; it has nothing to do with Goldoni, choreography, or anything but slavery chiare di luna. One would, expect the characters to drink wine, being in Venice; they ostentatiously display their cosmopolitanism by imbibing vodki, with consequent effect on the dances, which are all rather unkind to the Dolmetschy crowd, who have tried to convince us that Scarlatti and the clavicord masters are all purity, innocence, simplicity, and what-not. One is glad when one gets out of the theatre to even the foggy London air. The people in the stalls about me were naturally very comfortable. Constanza gives us a very nice imitation, as a dying duck, of Pavlova's Dying Swan; but I think it would be really more interesting to a gathering of physicians than a general audience; it is so very palpable what is the matter with her. In fact the whole of the "Carnival spirit" incorporated in this "ballet" offers food for physiological investigation and thought. But there are better things to come, and at least (or rather most, proportionately) we have had the rare stimulus of the music of Stravinsky. LEIGH HENRY ULYSSES By James Joyce VI MARTIN CUNNINGHAM, first, poked his silkhatted head into the creaking carnage and, entering deftly, seated himself. Mr Power stepped in after him, curving his height with care. — Come on, Simon. — After you, Mr Bloom said. Mr Dedalus covered himself quickly and got in, saying: — Yes, yes. — Are we all here now? Martin Cunningham asked. Come along, Bloom. Mr Bloom entered and sat in the vacant place. He pulled the door to after him and slammed it tight till it shut tight. He passed an arm through the armstrap and looked seriously from the open carriage window at the lowered blinds of the avenue. One dragged aside:an old woman peeping. Thanking her stars she was passed over. Extraordinary the interest they take in a corpse. Job seems to suit them. Huggermugger in corners. Then getting it ready. Wash and shampoo. I believe they clip the nails and the hair. Grow all the same after. All waited. Nothing was said. Stowing in the wreaths probably. I am sitting on something hard. Ah, that soap: in my hip pocket. Better shift it out of th-at. Wait for an opportunity. All waited. Then wheels were heard from in front, turning then nearer: then horses' hoofs. A jolt. Their carriage began to move, creaking and swaying. Other hoofs and creaking wheels started behind. The blinds of the avenue passed and number ten with its craped knocker, door ajar. At walking pace. They waited still, their knees jogging, till they had turned and were passing along the tramtracks. Tritonville road. Quicker. The wheels rattled rolling over the cobbled causeway and the crazy glasses shook rattling in the doorframes. _What way is he taking us? Mr Power asked of both windows. — Through Irishtown, Martin Cunningham said. Ringsend. Brunswick street. Mr Dedalus nodded, looking out. — That's a fine old custom, he said. I am glad to see it has not died out. All watched awhile through their windows caps and hats lifted by passers. Respect. The carriage swerved from the tramtrack to the smoother road. Mr Bloom at gaze saw a lithe young man, clad in mourning, a wide hat. — There's a friend of yours gone by, Dedalus, he said. — Who is that? — Your son and heir. — Where is he? Mr Dedalus said, stretching over, across. The carriage lurched round a corner and, swerving back to the tramtrack, rolled on noisily with chattering wheels. Mr Dedalus fell back, saying: — Was that Mulligan cad with him? — No, Mr Bloom said. He was alone. — Down with his aunt Sally, I suppose, Mr Dedalus said, and the drunken little costdrawer and Crissie, papa's little lump of dung the wise child that knows her own father. Mr Bloom smiled joylessly on Ringsend road. Wallace Bros, the bottleworks. Dodder bridge. Richie Goulding and the legal bag Goulding, Colles and Ward he calls the firm. His jokes are getting a bit damp. Great card he was. Waltzing in Stamer street with Ignatius Gallaher on a Sunday morning, the landlady's two hats pinned on his head. Out on the rampage all night. Beginning to tell on him now: that backache of his, I fear. Thinks he'll cure it with pills. All breadcrumbs they are. About six hundred per cent profit. — He's in with a lowdown crowd, Mr Dedalus snarled. That Mulligan is a contaminated bloody ruffian. His name stinks all over Dublin. But with the help of God and his blessed mother I am going to write a letter one of those days to his mother or ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 43 his aunt or whatever she is that will open her eye as wide as a gate. I'll tickle his catastrophe, believe you me. He cried above the clatter of the wheels. — I won't have her bastard of a nephew ruin my son. A counter jumper's son. Selling tapes in my cousin, Peter Paul M'Swiney's. Not likely. He ceased. Mr Bloom glanced from his angry moustache to Mr Power's mild face and Martin Cunningham's eyes and beard, gravely shaking. Noisy selfwilled man. Full of his son. He is right. Something to hand on. If little Rudy had lived. See him grow up. Hear his voice in the house. Walking beside Molly. My son. Me in his eyes. Strange feeling it would be. From me. Just a chance. Must have been that morning she was at the window, watching the two dogs at it by the wall of the cease to do evil. And the warder grinning up. She had that cream gown on with the rip she never stitched. Give us a touch, Poldy. God, I'm dying for it. How life begins. Got big then. Had to refuse the Greystones concert. My son inside her. I could have helped him on in life. I could. Make him independent. Learn German too. — Are we late? Mr Power asked. — Ten minutes, Martin Cunningham said, looking at his watch. Molly. Milly. Same thing watered down. Her tomboy oath. O jumping Jupiter! Still, she's a dear girl. Soon be a woman. Mullingar. Dearest Papli. Young student. Yes, yes: a woman too. Life, life. The carriage heeled over and back, their four trunks swaying. — Corny might have given us a more commodious yoke, Mr Power said. — He might, Mr Dedalus said, if he hadn't that squint troubling him. Do you follow me? He closed his left eye. Martin Cunningham began to brush away crustcrumbs from under his thighs. — What is this? he said, in the name of God? Crumbs? — Someone seems to have been making a picnic party here lately, Mr Power said. All raised their thighs, eyed with disfavour the mildewed buttonless leather of the seats. Mr Dedalus, twisting his nose, frowned downward and said: — Unless I'm greatly mistaken. What do you think, Martin? — It struck me too, Martin Cunningham said. Mr Bloom set his thigh down. Glad I took that bath. Feel my feet quite clean. Mr Dedalus sighed resignedly. — After all, he said, it's the most natural thing in the world. — Did Tom Kernan turn up? Martin Cunningham asked, twirling the peak of his beard gently. — Yes, Mr Bloom answered, He's behind with Ned Lambert and Hynes. — And Corny Kelleher himself? Mr Power asked. — At the cemetery, Martin Cunningham said. — I met M'Coy this morning, Mr Bloom said. He said he'd try to come. The carriage halted short. — What's wrong? — We're stopped. — Where are we? Mr Bloom put his head out of the window. — The grand canal, he said. Gasworks. Whooping cough they say it cures. Good job Milly never got it. Poor children! Doubles them up black and blue. Shame really. Dogs' home over there. Poor old Athos! Be good to Athos, Leopold, is my last wish. He took it to heart, pined away. Quiet brute. Old men's dogs usually are. A raindrop spat on his hat. He drew back and saw an instant of shower spray dots over the grey flags. Apart. Curious. Like through a colander. I thought it would. My boots were creaking. I remember now. — The weather is changing, he said quietly. — A pity it did not keep up fine, Martin Cunningham said. — Wanted for the country, Mr Power said. There's the sun again coming out. Mr Dedalus, peering through his glasses, towards the veiled sun, hurled a mute curse at the sky. — It's as uncertain as a child's bottom, he said. — We're off again. The carriage turned again its stiff wheels and their trunks swayed gently. Martin Cunningham twirled more quickly the peak of his beard. — Tom Kernan was immense last night, he said. — O draw him out, Martin, Mr. Power said eagerly. Wait till you hear him, Simon, on Ben Dollard's singing of the Croppy Boy. — Immense, Martin Cunningham said pompously. His singing of that simple ballad, Martin, is the most trenchant rendering I ever heard in the whole course of my experience. — Trenchant, Mr Power said laughing. He's dead nuts on that. And the retrospective arrangement. — Did you read Dan Dawson's speech? Martin Cunningham asked. — I did not then, Mr Dedalus said. Where is it? — In the paper this morning. Mr Bloom took the paper from his inside pocket. That book I must change for her. — No, no, Mr Dedalus said quickly. Later on, please. Mr Bloom's glance travelled down the edge paper scanning the deaths. Callan, Coleman, Dignam, Fawcett, Lowry, Naumann, Peake, what Peake is that is it the chap was in Crosbie and Alleyne's? no, Sexton, Urbright. Inked characters fast fading on the frayed breaking paper. Thanks to the little flowers of Mary. Month's mind Quinlan. ##44 THE EGOIST July 1919 It is now a month since dear Henry fled To his home up above in the sky, While his family weeps and mourns his loss Hoping some day to meet him on high. I tore up the envelope? Yes. Where did I put her letter after I read it in the bath? He patted his waistcoat pocket. There all right. Dear Henry fled. Before my patience are exhausted. National school. Meade's yard. The hazard. Only two there now. Nodding. Full as a tick. Too much bone in their skulls. The other trotting round with a fare. An hour ago I was passing there. The jarvies raised their hats. A pointsman's back straightened itself upright suddenly by Mr Bloom's window. Couldn't they invent something automatic so that the wheel itself: much handier? Well but that fellow would lose his job then? Well but then another fellow would get a job making the new invention? Antient concert rooms. Nothing on there. A man in a buff suit with a crape armlet. Not much grief there. People in law, perhaps. They went past the bleak pulpit of saint Mark's, under the railway bridge, past the Queen's theatre: in silence. Hoardings. Eugene Stratton. Mrs Bandmann Palmer. Could I go to see Leah tonight, I wonder. Or the Lily of Killarney? Wet bright bills for next week. Fun on the Bristol. Martin Cunningham could work a pass for the Gaiety. Have to stand a drink or two. As broad as it's long. He's coming in the afternoon. Her songs. Plasto's. — How do you do? Martin Cunningham said, raising his palm to his brow in salute. — He doesn't see us, Mr Power said. Yes, he does. How do you do? — Who? Mr Dedalus asked. — Blazes Boylan, Mr Power said. There he is airing his quiff. Just that moment I was thinking. Mr Dedalus bent across to salute. From the door of the Red Bank the white disc of a straw hat flashed reply: passed. Mr Bloom reviewed the nails of his left hand, then those of his right hand. The nails, yes. Is there anything more in him that she sees? That keeps him alive. They sometimes feel what a person is. Instinct. But a type like that. My nails. I am just looking at them: well pared. And after: thinking alone. Body getting a bit softy. I would notice that from remembering. What causes that. I suppose the skin can't contract quickly enough when the flesh falls off. But the shape is there. The shape is there still. He clasped his hands between his knees and, satisfied, sent his vacant glance over their faces. Mr Power asked: — How is the concert tour getting on, Bloom? — O very well, Mr Bloom said. I hear great accounts of it. It's a good idea, you see. . . — Are you going yourself? _Well no, Mr Bloom said. I am not sure, that is. You see the idea is to tour the chief towns. What you lose on one you can make up the other. — Quite so, Martin Cunningham said. Mary Anderson is up there now. Have you good artists? — Louis Werner is touring her, Mr Bloom said. O yes, we have all top-nobbers. J. C. Doyle and John MacCormack and. The best, in fact. — And madame, Mr Power said, smiling. Last but not least. Mr Bloom unclasped his hands in a gesture of soft politeness and clasped them. The carriage wheeling by Smith O'Brien's statue united noiselessly their unresisting knees. Oot: a dullgarbed old man from the curbstone tendered his wares, his mouth opening: oot. — Four bootlaces for a penny. Wonder why he was struck off the rolls. Has that silk hat ever since. Mourning too. Terrible comedown, poor wretch! Relics of old decency. And madame. Twenty past eleven. Up. Mrs Fleming is in to clean. Doing her hair, humming: voglio e non vorrei. No: vorrei e non. Looking at the tips of her hairs to see if they are split. Mi tréma un poco il. Beautiful on that tre her voice is; weeping tone. A thrush. A throstle. There is a word throstle that expresses that. His eyes passed lightly over Mr Power's good-looking face: greyish over the ears, Madame: smiling, I smiled back. Only politeness perhaps. Nice fellow. Who knows is that true about the woman he keeps? Not pleasant for the wife. Yet they say, who was it told me, there is no carnal. You would imagine that would get played out pretty quick. Yes, it was Crofton met him one evening bringing her a pound of rumpsteak. What is this she was? Barmaid in Jury's. Or the Moira, was it? Martin Cunningham nudged Mr Power. — Of the tribe of Reuben, he said. A tall blackbearded figure, bent on a stick, stumping round the corner of Elvery's elephant house showed them a curved hand open on his spine. — In all his pristine beauty, Mr Power said. Mr Dedalus looked after the stumping figure and said mildly: — The devil break the hasp of your back! Mr Power, collapsing in laughter, shaded his face from the carriage window. — We have all been there, Martin Cunningham said broadly. His eyes met Mr Bloom's eyes. He caressed his beard, adding: — Well, nearly all of us. Mr Bloom began to speak with sudden eagerness to his companions' faces. — That's an awfully good one that's going the rounds about Reuben J and the son. — About the boatman? Mr Power asked. — Yes. Isn't it awfully good? — What is that? Mr Dedalus asked. I didn't hear it. — There was a girl in the case, Mr Bloom began, and he determined to send him to the isle of Man out of harm's way but when they were both. ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 45 — What? Mr Dedalus asked. That hobbledehoy is it? — Yes, Mr Bloom said. They were both on the way to the boat and he tried to drown. . . — Drown Barabbas! Mr Dedalus cried. I wish to Christ he did! Mr Power sent a long laugh down his shaded nostrils. — No, Mr Bloom said, the son himself. . . Martin Cunningham thwarted his speech rudely. — Reuben J and the son were piking it down the quay next the river on their way to the isle of Man boat and the young chisell suddenly got loose and over the wall with him into the Liffey. — For God's sake! Mr Dedalus exclaimed in fright. Is he dead? — Dead! Martin Cunningham cried. Not he! A boatman got a pole and fished him out by the slack of the breeches and he was landed up to the father on the quay. Half the town was there. — Yes, Mr Bloom said. But the funny part is. . . — And Reuben J, Martin Cunningham said, gave the boatman a florin for saving his son's life. A stifled sigh came from under Mr Power's hand. — O, he did, Martin Cunningham affirmed. Like a hero. A silver florin. — Isn't it awfully good? Mr Bloom said eagerly. — One and eightpence too much, Mr Dedalus said drily. Mr Power's choked laugh burst quietly in the carriage. Nelson's pillar. — Eight plums a penny. Eight for a penny. — We had better look a little serious, Martin Cunningham said. Mr Dedalus sighed. — Ah the indeed, he said, poor little Paddy wouldn't grudge us a laugh. Many a good one he told himself. — The Lord forgive me! Mr Power said, wiping his wet eyes with his fingers. Poor Paddy! I little thought a week ago when I saw him last that I'd be driving after him like this. — As decent a little man as ever wore a hat, Mr Dedalus said. He went very suddenly. — Breakdown, Martin Cunningham said. Heart. He tapped his chest sadly. Blazing face: redhot. Mr Power gazed at the passing houses with rueful apprehension. — He had a sudden death, poor fellow, he said. — The best death, Mr Bloom said. Their wide-open eyes looked at him. — No suffering, he said. A moment and all is over. No-one spoke. Horses with white frontlet plumes came round the Rotunda corner, galloping. A tiny coffin flashed by. A mourning coach. — Sad, Martin Cunningham said. A child. A dwarf's face mauve and wrinkled like little Rudy's was. Dwarf's body, weak as putty, in a whitelined box. Meant nothing. Mistake of nature. — Poor little thing, Mr Dedalus said. It's well out of it. The carriage climbed more slowly the hill of Rutland square. — In the midst of life, Martin Cunningham said. — But the worst of all, Mr Power said, is the suicide. Martin Cunningham drew out his watch briskly, coughed and put it back. — The greatest disgrace to have in the family, Mr Power added. — Temporary insanity, of course, Martin Cunningham said decisively. We must take a charitable view of it. — They say a man who does it is a coward, Mr Dedalus said. — It is not for us to judge, Martin Cunningham said. Mr Bloom, about to speak, closed his lips again. Martin Cunningham's large eyes. Looking away now. Sympathetic human man he is. Intelligent. Like Shakespeare's face. Always a good word to say. And that awful drunkard of a wife of his. Setting up house for her time after time and then pawning the furniture on him. Wear out a man's heart. Lord, she must have looked a sight that night Dedalus told me he was in there. Drunk about the place and capering with Martin's umbrella. — And they call me the jewel of Asia, Of Asia The geisha. He looked away from me. He knows. That afternoon of the inquest. The redlabelled bottle on the table. The room in the hotel with hunting pictures. Stuffy it was. Sunlight through the slats of the Venetian blinds. The coroner's ears, big and hairy. Boots giving evidence. Thought he was asleep first. Then saw like yellow streaks on his face. Verdict: overdose. The letter. For my son Leopold. No more pain. Wake no more. The carriage rattled swiftly along Berkeley road. — We are going the pace, I think, Martin Cunningham said. — God grant he doesn't upset us on the road, Mr Power said. — I hope not, Martin Cunningham said. That will be a great race to-morrow in Germany. The Gordon Bennett. — Yes, by Jove, Mr Dedalus said. That will be worth seeing, faith. The carriage galloped round a corner:stopped. — What's wrong now? A divided drove of cattle passed the windows, lowing, slouching by on padded hoofs, whisking their tails slowly on their clotted bony croups, — Emigrants, Mr Power said. ##46 THE EGOIST July 1919 — Huuu! the drover's voice cried, his switch sounding on their flanks. Huuu! out of that! Thursday of course. Springers. Cuffe sold them about twenty-seven quid each. For Liverpool probably. Roast beef for old England. They buy up all the juicy ones. And then the fifth quarter lost: all that raw stuff, hide, hair, horns. Comes to a big thing in a year. Wonder if that dodge works now getting dicky meat off the train at Clonsilla. The carriage moved on through the drove. — I can't make out why the corporation doesn't run a tramline from the parkgate to the quays, Mr. Bloom said. All those animals could be taken in trucks down to the boats. — Instead of blocking up the thoroughfare, Martin Cunningham said. Quite right. They ought to. — Yes, Mr Bloom said, and another thing I often thought is to have funeral trams like they have in Milan. You know. Run the line out to the cemetery gates and have special trams, hearse and carriage and all. Don't you see what I mean? — O that be damned for a story, Mr Dedalus said. — A poor lookout for Corny, Mr Power added. — Why? Mr Bloom asked, turning to Mr Dedalus. Wouldn't it be more decent than galloping two abreast? — Well, there's something in that, Mr Dedalus granted. — And, Martin Cunningham said, we wouldn't have scenes like that when the hearse capsized round Dunphy's and upset the coffin on to the road. — That was terrible, Mr Power's shocked face said, and the corpse fell about the road. Terrible! — First round Dunphy's, Mr Dedalus said nodding. — Praises be to God! Martin Cunningham said piously. Bom! Upset. A coffin bumped out on to the road. Burst open. Paddy Dignam shot out and rolling over stiff in the dust in a brown habit too large for him. Red face: grey now. Mouth fallen open. Asking what's up now. Quite right to close it. Looks horrid open. Then the insides decompose quickly. Much better to close up all the orifices. Yes, also. With wax. Seal up all. — Dunphy's, Mr Power announced as the carriage turned right. Dunphy's corner. Mourning coaches drawn up, drowning their grief. Tiptop position for a pub. Expect we'll pull up here on the way back to drink his health. But suppose now it did happen. Would he bleed if a nail say cut him in the knocking about? He would and he wouldn't, I suppose. Depends on where. The circulation stops. Still some might ooze out of an artery. It would be better to bury them in red:a dark red. In silence they drove along Phibsborough road. An empty hearse trotted by, coming from the cemetery: looks relieved. Crossguns bridge: the royal canal. Water rushed roaring through the sluices. A man stood on his dropping barge between clamps of turf. On the towpath by the lock a slacktethered horse. Aboard of the Bugabu. Their eyes watched him. On the slow weedy waterway he had floated on his raft coastward over Ireland. Athlone, Mullingar, Moyvalley, I could make a walking tour to see Milly by the canal come as a surprise, Leixlip, Clonsilla. Dropping down, lock by lock to Dublin. With turf from the midland bogs. Salute. He lifted his brown straw hat, saluting Paddy Dignam. They drove on. Near it now. — I wonder how is our friend Fogarty getting on, Mr Power said. — Better ask Tom Kernan, Mr Dedalus said. — How is that? Martin Cunningham said. Left him weeping I suppose. The carriage steered left for Finglas road. The stonecutter's yard on the right. Last lap. Crowded on the spit of land silent shapes appeared white, sorrowful, holding out calm hands, knelt in grief, pointing. Fragments of shapes, hewn. In white silence: appealing. Thos. H. Dennany, monumental builder and sculptor. Passed. Gloomy gardens then went by, one by one: gloomy houses. Mr Power pointed. — That is where Childs was murdered, he said. The last house. — So it is, Mr Dedalus said. A queer case. Seymour Bushe got him off. Murdered his brother. Or so they said. — The crown had no evidence, Mr Power said. — Only circumstantial, Martin Cunningham said. That's the maxim of the law. Better for ninetynine guilty to escape than for one innocent person to be wrongfully condemned. They looked. Murderer's ground. It passed darkly. Wrongfully condemned. Cramped in this carriage. She mightn't like me to come that way without letting her know. Must be careful about women. Fifteen. The high railings of Prospect rippled past their gaze. Dark poplars, rare white forms. Forms more frequent, white shapes thronged amid the trees, white forms and fragments streaming by mutely, sustaining vain gestures on the air. The felly harshed against the curbstone: stopped. Martin Cunningham put out his arm and, wrenching back the handle, shoved the door open with his knee. He stepped out. Mr Power and Mr Dedalus followed. Change that soap now. Mr Bloom's hand unbuttoned his hip pocket swiftly and transferred the paperstuck soap to his inner handkerchief pocket. He stepped out of the carriage, replacing the newspaper his other hand still held. Paltry funeral:coach and three carriages. Beyond the hind carriage a hawker stood by his barrow of cakes and fruit. Simnel cakes those are, stuck together: cakes for the dead. Who ate them? Mourners coming out. (To be continued) ##July 1919 THE EGOIST 47 CARL SPITTELER WHEN Carl Spitteler sacrificed his German public in the winter of 1914 by his declaration of sympathy for the cause of the Allies he was practically unknown outside his own country and Germany. Since then his fame has been slowly spreading in France where, in the space of three years, five of his books have been translated and critical estimates of his work have begun to appear in the reviews. On the 24th of April, 1915, Spitteler's countrymen held a public celebration of the 70th birthday of the great poet and patriot, whose appeal for unity at the beginning of the war so largely contributed to the mutual understanding of the French and German cantons. On that occasion he was the recipient of "fraternal greetings" from the French Academy, and it seems as if France were to be the channel of communication between the Swiss writer and that public amongst the Allies upon which his own merits and the circumstances of the war have given him a claim, which has hitherto been unheard in this country. Carl Spitteler was born at Liestal, near Basle, in 1845. He spent his youth in Switzerland, and studied at the Universities of Basle and Heidelberg prior to his departure for Russia as a tutor, at the close of the Franco-Prussian war. In 1879 he returned to Switzerland and earned a livelihood as a teacher and journalist. It was not until 1892 that he enjoyed any degree of leisure and independence. His earliest attempts at composition were, he tells us, submitted to the Swiss poet, Gottfried Keller, who found them "lamentable as to form, but unusual in content," and so long did Spitteler strive to perfect his work that he was 36 years old before he ventured to publish his first book. The two volumes of Prometheus und Epimetheus appeared in 1880 and 1881, over the expressive pseudonym, "Felix Tandem," and a quarter of a century was to elapse before a second edition was issued in the author's own name. Meanwhile, he had written a number of books, both verse and prose, which had failed to make him known beyond the borders of his own country. When the German musician, Felix Weingartner, wrote his enthusiastic pamphlet, Carl Spitteler, ein künstlerisches Erlebnis, in 1904, his admiration had been aroused by the poet's last, and finest, work, Olympischer Frühling. Only then did German criticism begin to "discover" the remarkable writer of the intervening years, between 1880 and 1900, when the first book of Olympischer Frühling appeared. It is a strange coincidence that the war should have brought Nietzsche into universal discussion and, at the same time, the writer whose whole career was thwarted by the publication of Also sprach Zarathustra. That famous evangel followed by a few years the publication of Spitteler's Prometheus und Epimetheus, but owing to a certain fundamental identity of spirit, and some analogies of form, the unknown poet was ignored and the philosopher gained the credit which priority should have given Spitteler. Indeed, so long did the latter suffer from this almost simultaneous expression of a similar doctrine that he was obliged to publish in 1908 a pamphlet entitled "My Relations with Nietzsche." At the time Prometheus und Epimetheus appeared, Spitteler had not read a line of Nietzsche's work, and, although subsequently the two writers corresponded, there could be no question of borrowing. In the case of the Swiss, whose book was conceived during his stay in Russia, and existed in draft during the long years of preparation that preceded its much-delayed appearance, his originality is beyond doubt. Moreover, we know that Nietzsche was one of the few who had read and appreciated Prometheus und Epimetheus, and all his life he expressed his esteem for Spitteler whom he mentions with gratitude in Ecce Homo. It is, perhaps, unfair to a work of extraordinary richness and beauty to attempt a summary of its contents, but in order that the points of contact between Nietzsche and Spitteler may be established, we must have an outline of the latter's conception before us. Prometheus is the superman of Spitteler's prose poem, who knows no law but that of his own soul, and will suffer every indignity rather than be false to himself. His fate is to see his brother, Epimetheus, rise to power and honour while he himself is rejected and insulted by men. Epimetheus does not possess wisdom, but a cleverness which enables him to barter his free soul in exchange for a comfortable and useful conscience. Thus equipped, he can live in accordance with the common laws of man, and he is chosen, instead of Prometheus, to be lord of the World. Prometheus wanders off into slavery and exile, followed by two animals, a lion and a dog, as Zarathustra was accompanied by an eagle and a serpent, and there he submits to humiliation and grief, rather than sacrifice his spiritual freedom. Epimetheus reigns, meanwhile, wisely and successfully according to his lights. His conscience keeps him within the straight path, and mechanically operates to the disadvantage of any promptings of "master morality," as Nietzsche would have termed it. One day, however, peasants bring him the secret gift of Pandora, and Epimetheus is in doubt as to the value of this offering. Neither the priests nor the goldsmith can estimate Pandora's gift, and Epimetheus appeals in vain to his conscience for enlightenment. That acquired and artificial sense of values is powerless to judge of Eternal Beauty. The disappointed peasants cast the treasure from them; it is found by a Jew, who hides it hastily beneath his dress and disappears for ever with the unappreciated gift. Thus, Epimetheus learnt the first of his limitations, but was powerless to profit by the experience. Consequently he is betrayed into even greater difficulties. As King of Man his most sacred office was the care of the three children of deity, Mythos, Hiero and Messias. When a grave sickness fell upon them, hope dawned upon the powers of darkness. King Behemoth is advised by his cunning servant, Leviathan, in the art of cheating Epimetheus, so that the three children may fall into his satanic power. Leviathan explains how easily the conscience of man may be circumvented by the virtuous professions of the wicked. It is only necessary to give a religious tone to one's actions, to disguise one's movements in a cloak of sanctity, in order to get the better of the common people. The scheme is put into practice and works so successfully that humanity, including the "sharp and highly cultivated Athenians," is caught in the trap of the devil, who seizes the divine offspring, killing Hiero and Mythos. The same fate awaits Messias, whose death would mean the disappearance of divinity for all eternity, but fortunately the despised Prometheus is remembered by his brother. Epimetheus sees now that in driving Prometheus into banishment he has punished only himself, and, through the intermediary of the goddess, Doxa, he recalls the wanderer. Prometheus defeats the forces of evil with their own weapons, not being bound by any conventional weaknesses. But he no longer covets his legitimate reward, the lordship of the world. He prefers rather to reveal his nobility and strength of soul by a supreme act of courage, when he embraces his brother, and lifts him up out of the depths where shame and despair had plunged him. Epimetheus, having strangled the conscience which played him false, is now fit to soar above the earth with his brother soul Prometheus, ##48 THE EGOIST July 1919 Such, briefly summarised, is the action of Carl Spitteler's prose epic, which lay forgotten during the twenty-five years that saw the rise to fame of the author of Zarathustra. No résumé can give an adequate idea of the beauty and profundity of this work, in which the transvaluation of all values was preached to a generation as yet unfamiliar with the Nietzschean doctrine. From the beginning we find that extraordinary faculty which has enabled the poet to clothe the most abstract ideas in a garment of delicate imagery, and to breathe life into the teachings of an abstruse mysticism. Where Nietzsche is the poetic philosopher, Spitteler is the philosophic poet, in the best sense of the word. The former was the evangelist of a new gospel, the latter has aimed solely at the creation of beauty, without a thought for his didactic mission. Spitteler is content to please, while Nietzsche's purpose was to convince, and herein lies the fundamental difference between Zarathustra and Prometheus. The one announces a potential superman, the other represented man at his highest and best, when his actions accord with the dictates of a noble soul. Yet Spitteler's offering, like the gift of Pandora, was unrecognised by more than a discerning handful, which included Boecklin, Brahms, Conrad Ferdinand Meyer, and Gottfried Keller. The approval and encouragement of the few, while it strengthened the poet's faith in himself, did not obtain for him a hearing in Germany, so Spitteler was compelled to earn his living, as "a schoolmaster in a small town, burdened with 30 hours of teaching in the week." In these circumstances, the greater part of his maturity was passed, until a measure of recognition for the work so produced brought release from such drudgery. A couple of years after the publication of Prometheus und Epimetheus his second book followed, under the title Extramundana. The writing of the earlier book had developed in Spitteler a sense of mythology which was not part of his original epic genius: "Even as a 22 years old student I was convinced that epic poetry was to be my life work," he said once, in reply to those who had argued that the epical quality of Prometheus und Epimetheus indicated it as the work of mature age. But the 13 years devoted to its composition brought with them an expansion of his talent which was expressed in his second volume. Extramundana was nothing less than an attempt to re-write the story of the creation in verse. The author has since dismissed the experiment with a contemptuous reference which does not altogether do justice to its many fine pages. Nevertheless, his criticism of a too elaborate allegory, "cold and rhetorical," refers to much that will drive away all but his more enthusiastic admirers. There is a banality of thought, and a carelessness of form, which partly confirm Spitteler's description of the book as a piece of "hasty botch work." For six years, from 1883 to 1889, no publisher could be found to accept the manuscripts of a poet who refused to write for the age of realism in which he lived. Finally, however, Spitteler persuaded his original publisher in Jena to issue Schmetterlinge, his first essay in rhyming verse. The transition to this form from the beautiful rhythmic prose of Prometheus und Epimetheus was the blank verse of Extramundana. So uncertain was Spitteler of his power of versification that he struggled for a long time with a rhyming dictionary; yet no trace of such labour will be found in these graceful poems, whose actual subjects are the butterflies of Switzerland. They have more, however, than an appeal to the poetic entomologist, for they give us the first of those memories of childhood and youth which Spitteler later developed in his prose stories. As soon as the poet sought his themes in his own country the Swiss element, as distinct from the German, became noticeable in his work, and Schmetterlinge served as a natural prelude to the four volumes of prose which now followed. The national characteristics are as unmistakable in Carl Spitteler as in Gottfried Keller, whose Züricher Novellen and Leute von Seldwyla could not have been written by a German. In their order of publication these four works are— Friedli der Kolderi, Gustav, Konrad der Leutnant and Die Mädchenfeinde. Although not published until 1907, the last-mentioned belongs to the same period as its three predecessors, all having been written between 1890 and 1900. Spitteler has modestly termed them "experiments," made in pursuit of his plan to leave no field of literature untouched, but their success justifies what must seem to be a rather doubtful form of literary ambition. The author urges the example of the painters of the Renaissance in support of his theory that the artist should learn by experimentation. "Development comes through essaying and mastering precisely those domains of art which lie farthest from one's talent." As he thus states it, the theory is open to obvious objections, which are not answered by the undeniably fortunate results of Spitteler's own efforts. If the prose form of these stories was not akin to the mood of the epic poet, their content responded to a natural impulse toward self-expression. Their composition may have imposed the discipline of an apprenticeship, but their inspiration was wholly personal and national. Friedli der Kolderi, his first work to be published in Switzerland, consisted of seven of the most varied examples of prose narrative, four "feuilletons," two fairy tales, and the "study," which gives its title to the book. This last is by far the most remarkable, being an interpretation of Swiss character after the manner of the modern Russians. As a sketch of folk life it may rank with the best that Keller has written. It is composed of the simplest elements, yet, in its own way, it leaves an impression as lasting as any of the Russian storytellers. The idyllic little tale, Gustav, and the children's story, Die Mädchenfeinde, are both charming elaborations of autobiographical material. It was characteristic of Spitteler that the nouvelle should have suggested to him this exposition of the psychology of childhood. Experimenting with a new genre, he succeeded in achieving the maximum of external dissimilarity, while preserving the fundamental identity of method employed by its recognised exponents. (To be continued) Ernest A. Boyd. Announcements WE regret that on account of printing delays, Mr Ezra Pound's new book of poems, Quia Pauper Amavi, announced in our last issue, will not be obtainable till the middle of July. (Ordinary edition, 6s. net; special limited edition on handmade paper, numbered and sealed, 10s. 6d. net). Later in July we are publishing, under the title Images, a collection of poems by our former assistant editor, Mr Richard Aldington. The book will include the poems printed in Images (published in 1915 by the Poetry Bookshop, and now out of print), and in four Imagist anthologies (1914, 1915, 1916 and 1917), and a few not yet published in any book. The price will be 3s. 6d. net (by post 3s. 9d.). We are also issuing a new set of the "Poets' Translation Series." A leaflet enclosed contains particulars. Letters from Miss Harriet Monroe and Mr. Conrad Aiken on "United States Poetry" are held over to the next issue. Printed at the PELICAN PRESS, 2 Carmelite Street, E.C., and Published by the Proprietors, THE EGOIST LIMITED, at 23 Adelphi Terrace House, 2 Robert Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.2##