The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 22—No. 1 MAY, 1921 Whole No. 127 ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN GENTS A COPY The Brownies' Book A Monthly Magazine for Children should have a hundred thousand subscribers and should be read by a million children who especially need its inspiring pictures, stories and news of colored youth. To introduce this magazine to many new readers we are launching a SPECIAL CIRCULATION CAMPAIGN and, in addition to regular liberal commissions to agents, we offer championship medals on the following terms and conditions: 100 Championship Medals 50 GOLD MEDAL S 50 SILVE R MEDAL S To the person in each State or Territory of the United States who sends us the largest number cf subscription s to TH E BROWNIES ' BOOK mailed to or delivered at our office on or before July i , 1921 (provided the highest is not less than 25 annual subscriptions), we will send a beautiful Championship Gold Medal, besides paying the usual agent's commission. The subscription price is $1.50 a year. Foreign subscriptions $1.75 a ,To the person in each State 01 Territory of the United States who sells the largest number of copies of TH E BROWNIES ' BOO K bought on or before July 1, 1921 (provided the number of copies totals not less than 250), we will send a beautiful Championship Silver Medal, besides al lowing the usual agent's commission. The sale price is 15c a year. copy. The contest is open to any man, woman, boy or girl. In case of a tie for any prize, each tieing contestant will receive a prize identical with that tied for. $50 Scholarship for Four Years To the person who makes the best showing in this Championship Contest a scholarship of Fifty Dollars a year for Four Years is offered by Mr. Thomas J. Calloway, a business man of the race, who is anxious to see THE BROWNIES' BOOK widely read and who desires to encourage the youth in industry and zeal. To win the scholarship it is necessary to win a gold or silver medal. The $50 a year will be paid to the school to which the winner goes for education. Write at once for agent's terms, subscription blanks, sample copies and current copies to sell. DU BOIS and DILL, Publishers Tbe Brownies' Book 2 West 13th Street New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR • AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 22-No. 1 MAY, 1921 Whole No. 127 PICTURES P Bg e COVER. THE CHEVALIER SAINT-GEORGE. THE BLACK SWAN. Hilda Rue Wilkinson 13 THE LIBERIAN COMMISSION TO AMERICA 19 MEN OF THE MONTH 23 ARTICLES SAINT-GEORGE, CHEVALIER OF FRANCE. Jessie Fauset 9 THE BLACK SWAN. A Story. Maria Moravsky. Illustrated 12 FOR ETHIOPIA. A Poem. Bessie Brent Madison 17 SUNSET. A Poem. Mary Effie Lee 17 WAITING. A Poem. James Waldo Fawcett 17 OUR VALIANT MARINES 21 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 5 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 18 MEN OF THE MONTH 22 THE LOOKING GLASS 24 THE HORIZON 31 THE JUNE CRISIS The June CRISIS will tell how Charleston, S. C , got rid of her Southern white public school teachers. The July CRISIS is our annual Education Numbier. W e want pictures ot college graduates. High School graduates should send their pictures to The Brownies' Book. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS ; The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as .,ften as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be gi.en. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matteT November 2, 1910, at the post office at Now York, New York, under the Act of March 8, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it ii young in history, the Institution fecli a juit pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arti and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Mask The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, addreaa President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School LINCOLN UNIVERSITY FOR COLORED YOUTH Pioneer in Collegiate and BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution tor the training of colored Theological Education youth. Excellent equipment, thorough Instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various students. Courses In carpentry agriculture and trades for boys. professions in Forty States. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic scleaoe and domestic art for The College is ranked in Class I. by the girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. American Medical Association. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly squlpped. Address: Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 13. 1921. John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, For Information address Chester County, Fenna. W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Cheyney Training School For WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY Teachers SUMMER SCHOOL Cheyney, Pa. 8th Annual Session. Made in 1920 an accredited State Norma] School Summer of 1921 June 20 to July 30 offering, in addition to the regular Normal CoursTof The Summer School is accredited two years, professional three year courses in Home Economic, and Shop Work. A diploma from any™' and standardized, and teachers' cer these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in tificates will be issued by the state of £.»# ; schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year Ohio on credits received in the Sum0 13 ° ffere d0 wh t  3,1 i &amp; .1 • ?°J lrs e° h«e com pleted the eighth grammar grade. mer School. Send application now far fall term opening September For full particulars write Gilbert H. 20th, 1921. Jones, Director of the Summer School For further particulars and catalog, write Dr. John A. Gregg, LESLIE prNOKNBT HILL, Prlnutwil, Cheynay, Fa, President of the Institution THERE WiU/BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR mi Mention TH I CIISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta* Ca. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog and other Information addresi PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoivllle. Term. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA. GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—-Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and lit and 2nd Years' High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 53rd year of nine months opens September 21, 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board, room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State baring for Its object OoUeaiate, Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for Col ored dozens In Kentucky. Special training in Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Normal? Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary training class ireolna classes, umMSonaanea course Decrees offered. President C. H. Parriah ««»tic* MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Saptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College. Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent yean for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle Coiveraltj, «perated antler the amaptees ef the Northern P~~ibyterlao Church, has four Departments—High Senool. Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion ef a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance te the first vear of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two soars** uf study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific, German la substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely •ngllsn. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are reqaired to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, aderses President H. L. MtCrerey, Charlotte. N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities ill the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School Nor. mal. Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Boaid Tra Canal. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana. Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send forMARY McLEOD BETHUNE, HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin Dr. DuBois' new book is the sensation jf the day; selling like "wild fire." It contains a good picture of Dr. DuBois. Price only $2.00. Order todav. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED; send 50 cts. for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS Catalog Free 523 9th St. N. W., Washington, D. C Catalog.  Principal. COLEMAN COLLEGE G1BSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A, B, H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TE E SISTER-INCH ARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. ST. PAUL'S HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS High Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia, Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention THE Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 22. No. 1 MAY, 1921 Whole No. 127 Opinionof W.E.B. Du Bois ATLANTIS of the greatest events in the Negro race publication in Germany of fifteen volumes of African folk-tales and poetry. It is to be edited by Leo Frobenius and is called "Atlantis". We translate literally from the announcement : "During many years of exploration, Leo Frobenius has gathered these documents and now at last, sifted and arranged, they are ready for their first complete publication. The blameless Ethiopians, 'Beloved of the Gods', awake again in this strikingly magnificent poetry of Africa, which hitherto was hardly dreamed of. The discovery of primitive Negro art is now followed by this revelation of Negro literature. It pictures in surprising colors clear-thinking men with depth of soul; peoples with pure serenity of mind; poets of astonishing deftness. Here humanity speaks with worldwide feeling; here are wonderful motifs, from a field unspoiled by the hundreds of Romance and European poets on stage or vaudeville; in tale on tale here pulses a strikingly original style glistening in its peculiar beauty like the pillars of a classic temple." This monumental work must be immediately translated and published in English. The N. A. A. C. P. and the Pan-African Congress will see that this is done. If you are interested and know of persons able and willing to aid this great patriotic and humanitarian service, please write THE CRISIS. Journey of Dr. DuBois From Fitchburg, Mass., by Way of Charleston, New Orleans, Oklahoma and Duluth to New York—7,000 Miles With 38 Lectures Before Audiences Aggregating 20,000 People. PAN-AFRICA THERE are powerful groups of Negroes all over the world. Their men of light and leading should know each other and take counsel for further co-operation. The centers nearest the largest number of these groups are London and Paris. A Second Pan-African Congress will meet in London August 28 and 29; at the Palais Mondial, Brussels, August 31, September 1 and 2; and at Paris, September 4 and 5. Write for further information. 7000 I HAVE been journeying seven thousand miles: from Bunker Hill to Pittsburg and the Valley of the Shadow of Steal; from Hampton Roads to Fort Sumter, 5 THE CRISIS and from the Oranges of Florida to New Orleans. I have seen the Father of Waters from mouth to source, together with the Oil Bungalows of Oklahoma, the Sands of Texas and the Winds of Kansas. Bull, Palafox and State Streets, Canal, West Broad and Beale Avenue, have guided my feet. I have felt the Spring blushing in Louisiana and seen the Snow flying in Duluth. But through all these minor things have loomed faces: dark, wistful faces; eyes sweet with pain; and ears full of loud laughter; cosy homes, lynching, lovely children, "Jim Crow" cars (4,000 miles and 5 white nights in them), slave-songs and the snarl of human beasts—hope, caste, wealth, slavery, grit and despair in 20,000 souls whose eyes met mine in doubt and silent questioning, in sudden sympathy and tears. Seven thousand miles in Afro-America and four thousand of them "Jim-Crowed". I have tales to tell. SLAVERY SlAVERY still exists in the United States. In the courts of Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas and Texas, human beings are daily sold into slavery to men like the murderer Williams of Jasper County, Georgia. Throughout the South—but especially in the Mississippi and Red River bottoms, from Memphis south; in middle and south Georgia and Alabama ; and in the Brazos bottoms of Texas—Negroes are held today in as complete and awful and soul destroying slavery as they were in 1860. Their overseers ride with guns and whips; their women are prostitutes to white owners and drivers; their children are trained in ignorance, immorality and crime. Every Southerner knows this. The States know it. The Government knows it. Distinguished Southerners are getting wealthy on the system; the Southern White Church is send CRISIS ing missionaries to Africa on its proceeds; lovely young white ladies are being finished in exclusive schools on its dirty blood profits; and yet it goes on and on and on, and it will go on until one day its red upheaval will shake the civilized world. But there comes a ray of hope. Georgia is to be congratulated on the conviction of Williams for murder, and for the fine spirit of press and people that stand behind it. The Atlanta Committee on Church Cooperation calls the conviction "Georgia's message to the Negro and to the world that this Christian State, whatever may have been conditions in the past in sore spots within her borders, will in the future do justice to the Negro"; and the Atlanta Georgian adds "Georgia has renewed her sacred pledge to civilization." Amen! And the Negro stands ready to recognize and appreciate every act of Justice done by the white South. INTER-RACIAL COMITY T HERE are persons who assume that the N. A. A. C. P. and particularly the CRISIS are opposed to the Inter-racial Committees in the South and to any efforts of white Southerners to settle the problems of race. This is a singular misapprehension. On the contrary, we count it as one of the great results of the N. A. A. C. P., that its persistent fight in the last ten years has aroused and even compelled the South to attempt its own internal reform Can we not remember the day, but 20 years since, when conferences on the Negro were confined to white men because white Southerners would not sit with Negroes? That day is gone and gone forever, and the N. A. A. C. P. prepared its passports. The Inter-racial movement sprang from the fight we have made. If it accomplishes anything, it will be because of our continued and persistent fighting. If it fails, it will show the OPINION need of redoubled effort on our part. If lulled by false hope and vague promises, we cease our vigilant effort, the Inter-racial movement would drop dead before the cry: "The Negroes are satisfied; why stir up trouble'." This has been the history of all such movements in the past. If the present movement succeeds (and God grant it may) it will be because the N. A. A. C. P. neither slumbers nor sleeps but keeps to its God-appointed task of making every black slave in the United States dissatisfied with his slavery, and every white slave-driver conscious of his guilt. Meantime, may we not advise our Inter-racial friends,—do not fill your committees with "pussy footers" like Robert Moton or "white-folks' Niggers" like Isaac Fisher. Get more real black men who dare to look you in the eye and speak the truth and who refuse to fawn and lie. An ounce of truth outweighs a ton of impudence. Do not seek to mislead or lull the Negro with ancient platitudes and generalities. Let your "black mammy" sleep and show your "best friendship" by deeds and not words. Do something. Do not dodge and duck. Face the fundamental problems: the Vote, the "Jim-Crow" car, Peonage and Mob-law. THE PRESIDENT THE bourbons have put the question up to Mr. Harding sooner than we had antici pated. T'he issue is clearly drawn: 500 clerks in the Bureau of the Registry of the Treasury do not want as chief any person of Negro descent. They refuse to consider any man or woman, however educated, gifted or fitted for the place, if his or her grandmother was of African descent. They do not object to any ignorant scoundrel, if only he be "white"! Can you conceive such a stand? How will Mr. Harding meet it? Meantime, how are we meeting it? Not in the wisest way. In the first place, our politicians have not learned much in the last decade. We had hoped that the intelligent conduct of the Negro voter during the war and in the last campaign, added to the great critical problems facing our race, would lead to a dignified plan of action in conduct and demand after the new President's accession. Such a plan would have included a clear statement to the administration that the Negro expects action and not blarney from the Republican party, and that unless the party in possession of all three branches of government takes steps legally to stop lynching, to abolish inter-state "Jim-Crow" travel, to aid common school education and to emancipate our brothers in Haiti and Liberia—that unless Republicans do these things or make earnest effort to begin their doing, the Negro vote will go to the Labor or Socialist parties in the very near future. In addition to this, it is proper for colored leaders in the Republican campaign to suggest certain colored men whose fitness and character entitle them to consideration for appointment to office. First and foremost among such recommendations should have been Dr. George E. Haynes, the trained colored student whose scientific work in the Department of Labor has already been so notable. He should have been given more money, scope and power. Instead of this, politicians have already succeeded in getting the Secretary of Labor to promise to oust Haynes forthwith so as to open a few clerkships for "the boys"! Amid all this the President's message comes as a clear voice. Against lynching there is the strongest pronouncement ever made by a President; and the general tone on race matters is finer than Roosevelt's vague generalities and Wilson's stentorian silences. Let us respond with an unselfish THE CRISIS ness so patent and a breadth of vision so evident that the silly protesters against race ability will be shamed to silence. THE DRIVE AGAIN the pendulum has swung: it is no longer a ques tion of educating the Negro to his just demands as an American citizen. He has ceased to be beguiled by the silly philosophy that a voteless, spineless suppliant who owns a three-story brick house is going to command anybody's respect. But today comes the question of practical, efficient means of getting the rights which he has at last been persuaded he wants. Into the field have jumped a hoard of scoundrels and bubble-blowers, ready to conquer Africa, join the Russian revolution, and vote in the Kingdom of God tomorrow. It is without doubt certain that Africa will some day belong to the Africans; that steamship lines and grocery stores, properly organized and run, are excellent civilizers; and that we are in desperate need today of organized industry and organized righteousness. But what are the practical steps to these things? By yelling? By pouring out invective and vituperation against all white folk? By collecting the pennies of the ignorant poor in shovelsful and refusing to account for them, save with bombast and lies? Or is it reason and decency to unite on a program which says: the battle of Negro rights is to be fought right here in America; that here we must unite to fight lynching and "Jim- Crow" cars, to settle our status in the courts, to put our children in school and maintain our free ballot. Far from being discouraged in the light, we are daily more and more tri umphant. Yesterday 1,650 Negro women voted in New Orleans. Never since 1876 have so many Negroes voted in the South as in the last election. Our fight for right has the enemy on the run. He has had to retreat to mob violence, secret and silly mummery, clumsy and hypocritical promises. Twenty-five years more of the intelligent fighting that the N. A. A. C. P. has led will make the black man in the United States free and equal. Our enemies know this. They are scared. They are hastening to lay down a barrage of suspicion and personal bickering. They are encouraging and advertising any and all crazy schemes, to cut and run from the hard and bloody battle here, to Africa and the South Seas. Africa needs her children, but she needs them triumphant, victorious, and not as poverty-stricken and cowering refugees. Are we going to be misled fools, or are we going to put a quarter of a million level-headed, determined and unwavering black men and women back of the N. A. A. C. P. to continue the battle so nobly and successfully begun ? Answer, black folk of America, this month! ANTI-LYNCHING LEGISLATION DURING the last five years the N. A. A. C. P. has carried on a campaign against lynching, conducted in accordance with the most approved methods of publicity. This campaign has been financed by philanthropists North and South, and black and white, and by widespread popular subscription. We have never heard any serious criticism of our campaign save, naturally, from those who oppose any effort to defend and emancipate black folk. Our accomplishment from all our effort may thus be summarized: (1)	 Investigated more than a score of lynchings and race riots (2)	 Kept an accurate record of lynchings (3)	 Published the only statistical study of lynchings ever compiled (4)	 Sent 4,462,899 copies of the CRISIS to every state in the Union and to every country on the globe (5)	 Sent out hundreds of news releases During the year of 1920 alone 131 press stories were sent out from the National Office SAINT-GEORGE, CHEVALIER OF FRANCE 9 (6)	 Held more than 2,000 public meetings, attended by more than 3,000,000 people, at which speakers acquainted the audiences with the facts about lynchings (7)	 Sent literature on lynching, with actual photographs of lynchings and burnings at the staxe, all over the civilized world (8)	 Fought successfully three notable extradition cases when attempts were made to carry colored men accused of crimes from Northern States back to sections of the South where the men would probably have been lynched (9)	 Held in New York City in May, 1919, a great and successful conference against lynching. The call for this conference was signed by 120 of the leading citizens of the country, 20 of them from Southern States. The number included 5 governors, 4 ex-governors, members of Congress, judges of the higher courts, members of the President's cabinet, and other men and women prominent in the nation's affairs (10)	 Issued the "Address to the Mation (11)	 Raised and expended since 1911 in the fight against lynching $33,928.56 this amount being spent for investigations, printing and publicity of all kinds, meetings and conferences (12)	 Secured the passage of a law in Kentucky providing for the punishment of any peace officer who allows a prisoner to be taken from him and lynched (13)	 Secured the introduction of anti-lynching bills in both houses of Congress. For the first time the House Committee on the Judiciary reported favorably on such a bill during the second session of the 66th Congress (14)	 Presented to committees of both the Senate and the House of Representatives of Congress, through its representatives, evidence and testimony showing the necessity of a Federal law against lynching (15)	 Furnished lawyers to defend colored men involved1 in lynching cases; secured the acquittal, for example, of 12 of 13 colored men arrested in connection with the lynchings at Duluth, Minn., in June 1920, totally disproving the charge that criminal assault on a young girl had been committed by any of the three men lynched; defended since October, 1919, 12 men sentenced to death and 67 to prison terms, thus preventing a legal lynching in Phillips County, Ark. In addition to these things we have freely given help and information to other organizations, and when the colored Republican campaign committee asked the aid of our legal department in drawing an anti-lynching bill, we freely and gladly gave it. We are surprised and disappointed, therefore, to receive from Perry How ard an appeal for funds to finance a new organization to push an antilynching bill. This move is defensible only if the methods and aims of the N. A. A. C. P. in the anti-lynching campaign were failing. But this new organization is pushing practically the same bill by identical methods. Is not this move, therefore, the same futile division of effort and clouding of issues which continually misleads and discourages the Negroes, and gives joy to the Bourbon South? Would not these gentlemen convince the public of their disinterested efforts if they supported established agencies and proven work rather than attempted to build on new lines and to risk all that has been gained without hope of doing more? The strength of the N. A. A. C. P. has been its singleness of aim. We did not rescue Haiti in order to annex the $10,000 salary of the Haitian Minister; we are not fighting lynching in order to become Recorder of Deeds; and our promotion of business enterprise has no string on the Registry of the Treasury. This does not mean that we are unmindful of the right of competent black men to hold office,—indeed we strongly emphasize and maintain this right—but we insist that this is subordinate and unimportant beside our fight for freedom, and we refuse to have our most sacred right played with as pawns to official preferment. SAINT-GEORGE, CHEVALIER OF FRANCE JESSIE FAUSET THER E is a street in Basse-Terre, Gua deloupe, which since November, 1912, has borne the name Saint-George. The French have a charming and praiseworthy custom of paying practical homage to their heroes. One's mind might not connect up with a memorial wreath or a statue, but it is difficult to forbear recalling the memory of a man when one treads the street which bears his name. The man who had this honor bestowed on him one hundred and seventy-seven years after he was born was Joseph Boulogne Saint-George, known in later years all over France as le Chevalier de Saint-George. He was born in 1745 in the town of Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe, and although he won his fame in Europe, the little town in the THE CRISIS tropics never forgot him and one day was glad to memorialize him. Saint-George was the son of a black woman and of a Frenchman, a comptroller-general, M. de Boulogne, who called his mulatto son Saint-George after the stateliest vessel in the harbor of Guadeloupe. In spite of the wrong which Boulogne had inflicted on the child's mother, or perhaps because of it, he did all in his power to advance his son's interests. The latter was taken to France while still very young and placed under the care of the most famous and skilful teachers. Young Saint-George seems really to have been—to use an old-fashioned but effective expression— "a man of parts". He was not only remarkably versatile in his tastes and inclinations, but remarkably endowed with the ability to attain perfection in them. He skated admirably, shone as a marksman, sat and rode a horse with ease, and danced &lt;i merveille. Yet these were only side issues with him. His real talents concerned themselves with fencing and music. And it is hard to think of any combination of gifts which would have so completely challenged the admiration of France. His fencing-master, La Boessiere, considered him among his few finest pupils, and his skill and accuracy in this art made it almost impossible for him to move without a host of admirers. In 1766 he crossed swords with the great Italian fencer, Faldoni. Evidently this was not to his disadvantage for his biographer, Laurencie, gives this as evidence of his prowess; while a passage in the Memoirs du General Bon de Marbot characterizes him as the strongest blade in France. Later when Saint-George met with reverses of fortune he made his skill with the foils stand him in good stead. In spite of the time and devotion which must have been spent in order to bring about such a perfection in this art, it i: on his skill as a musician, a violinist, that Saint-George's fame most rests. Yet it is interesting and inspiring to stop a minute to get a glimpse of the life which he led apart from his great calling. Indubitably he was a man of the world and of fashion. His father had left him an income of from 7,000 to 8,000 livres, not much even in those days when money was worth more than it is now, jut enough to make him independent. He spent, however, like a modern millionaire, frequented the finest society of Paris and—according to La Boessiere, "loved" (presumably the ladies), "and knew how to make himself loved". His nature was sympathetic, his manners engaging; he was an unfeigned sentimentalist and although Laurencie (but not his picture) speaks of him as "homely", he was very attractive to the women of his day. His feats won him admission everywhere. During the years succeeding 1770 he paid really serious attention to his music. He had already studied composition with Gossec, who admired him greatly and in 1766 dedicated to him as Opus IX, "Six Trios for Two Violins and Bass." In the winter of 1772-1773 he played at the Concert des Amateurs two concertos of his own for violin with orchestra. The Mercure, an important paper of the time, spoke of these concertos highly, and later they acquired considerable vogue; yet they were only a beginning to be followed in June, 1773, by six string quartets. This is especially significant since Laurencie declares that Gossec and Saint-George were the first French musicians to write string quartets. The eclat won by Saint-George as virtuoso and composer served to win him the coveted post of director of the Concert des Amateurs. Musical honors thronged on him. In 1775 he brought out through the publisher Bailleux, a series of concertos, to be followed by the end of the year with a collection of Symphonies concertantes. It is pleasant to know that Gossec, now director of the Concert Spirituel, had one of these played on Christmas Day. In 1777 his versatility took on a new turn and he essayed the theatre, presenting Ernestine, a comedy at the Comedie Italienne. The libretto was not worth mentioning but the music was excellent, bearing a distinct flavor of Gluck. Later he produced The Hunt (La Chasse), which succeeded fairly well. The most important feature in connection with this theptadventure was that it brought him to the attention of Mme. de Montesson, wife of the Duke of Orleans, who attached him to her theatre. Also she gave him a position in the Duke's hunting establishment with the title of "Lieutenant of the Hunt of Pinci." He gained some little distinction SAINT-GEORGE, CHEVALIER OF FRANCE y acting not only in Madame de Montes-son's theatre, but also on the private stage which the Marquise de La Montalembert had set up in her own home. Thus writing and acting Saint-George became a well-known theatrical figure. The manuscript score of his Anonymous Lover (L'Amant Anonyme) is still in the library of the Paris conservatory. With the death of the Duke of Orleans, Saint-George lost his position in the hunt and with it a fair amount of his income. It was this occurrence which made him have recourse to his fencing in order to rehabilitate himself. From this time, 1775 to 1791, he seems to have lived between Paris and London, playing- and fencing, it is true, and yet pursuing a course curiously checkered by adventure and political intrigue. It must be remembered that France at this point was passing through parlous tim&lt;"and the fortunes of Saint-George seem to have followed those of his beloved foster country. There is an odd confusion and contradiction among the books and papers which mention him here. But what is iplain is that in 1791 he was living in Lille and was a captain in the National Guard. Further proof of his versalitv! Moreover in 1792 "he raised a body of light troops under the name of 'Sair&gt;t-Gpora,e's Legion,' recruited among men of color"! This is easily the most amazing of his many amazing feats. One wonders where he found them! Later he was arbitrarily removed, although the Mayor and city officials of Lille paid the highest possible tributes to his services and bravery. I think this broke his gallant spirit; his life thereafter seemed to lack motive. He wandered to Santo Domingo, took part in a revolt, was nearly killed, came back to Paris and lived in a condition almost poverty-stricken, due, one feels, to a lack of interest rather than to a lack of opportunity. When death came to him in June, 1799, he greeted it like a bewildered child weary for sleep. Such an unusual, such an engaging and above all such an exotic figure could fail to appeal to the imagination of a people like the French. Many a saying, many legend centred about that slender, graceful figure of the mysterious origin, of the great reclame gained from foil and violin. Roger Beauvoir inevitably makes him the hero of one of his novels, "Le Chevalier de Saint-Georges," and although his style is a trifle melodramatic, his statement of facts we are assured, is usually accurate. So the following paragraphs ought to give some idea of the status of Saint-George in his hey-day. Boullogne (the father of the real Saint-George had the same name with one 1) has concealed his identity from the distinguished fencer, but on learning that the redoubtable Saint-Georges is to meet his white son Maurice (also natural) in a duel, he tells him his secret. We translate: " 'That day at Versailles,' said the old man, 'I was sitting beside the Duke of Burgundy, when on turning around I spied in the rear of the next box, ai face which the gloom seemed to make still gloomier. At the first note of the violin, the face was uplifted, and I recognized a mulatto. I asked his name. Every one was amazed at my ignorance. "But he is all the rage; the finest gentlemen imitate him. The ladies wear his favorite colors; he is the life and pride of every party!" Nevertheless the sight of him caused in me an unspeakable revulsion. I had just recognized in him that son whom I had forced myself to abandon. My tawny sweetheart, his mother, had baptised her son under the name which this man bore, her letters had refused to let me ignore it. If, however, I confess, my thoughts ever turned toward that son, it was to think of him as a being doomed to share the humiliation of slaves, to semi-barbarism for his sole upbringing. I had not dreamed that he could ever shake aside the shame of his fetters. I trembled when I saw him; doubtless he would betray me by his transports, by his caresses. I became reassured, however, when I saw that he was unacquainted with a single fact of my life. "His mother", I said to myself, "Noemi, angel that she is, would kill herself but she would not tell him that he is my son." ' "'Noemi!' cried Saint-Georges, springing to his feet, deathly pale. His wretched father continues. " 'Only yesterday you were the butt of my sarcasm. Now you know the reason of my pitiless disdain. Today the idea of brother arming against brother, forces me to rend for you alone, this veil which your glance has never been able to pierce. Once more— you cannot fight with Maurice: both of you THE CRISIS father? I do not know you. Sir Comptroller-General, you are mistaken. I am merely a mulatto, a poor mulatto who knows only his mother! She alone reared me, she are of my own blood! Surely you will not make betrayal of myself to you vain! Speak to me: I await at your hands the fate of your brother. . . . alone gave me shelter and bread! Leave me, " 'What would you have me give you sir! Leave me!' in return?' "He seized his sword; he struck with his " 'The reparation of an injustice, the foot the door of the room . . . Noemi was blotting out of all the wrongs which you standing on the threshold. have made my mother suffer.' " 'Mother,' cried the Chevalier, 'he has " 'Saint-Georges!' told me everything, he is willing to ac" 'Do you hesitate? So shall I hesitat" knowledge me as his son. Mother, you have to recognize in Maurice a brother.' your revenge!' " " 'You forget, Saint-Georges, that today I close the book with a sigh for the galyou have entrenched on my confidence . . . lant, splendid figure, not one whit more you are, you shall always be my son!' . . . gallant or splendid than his shining proto " 'Why should I acknowledge you as my type! THE BLACK SWAN MARIA MORAVSKY VANIA POLANOV, a student, meets the "Black Sivan" in the park of Odessa, Russia. She is a dancer in the theatre, and as they talk she tells him, with changing countenance, of her dead Negro father in America whose memory she loves. But Vania did not notice how she changed. His imagination was stirred by the word: Negro. "A Negro?" he repeated, "so your father came from Africa like the arap1 of Peter the Great? How wonderful! Was he an African prince? You look like a princess." She looked at him questioningly. No, he was not sneering at her. Pure admiration and wonder sounded in his voice. "Who was the colored man, you named?" she asked with shy curiosity. "He was not a colored man, he was a genuine black, an African Prince. He was the great-grandfather of our most famous poet, Alexander Pushkin. Did you not see his statue on the Sea Boulevard?" The girl recalled faintly a bust with the familiar curly head. Yes, the bronze figure on the boulevard looked much like her folks from Virginia. So the Russians honored a Negro? It seemed strange to her. "Tell me more about it," she asked. Vania willingly told her all he knew from the text books about the famous African and his descendant. How arap Ibrahim was made a favorite courtier of the Emperor and married a beautiful woman of the nobility. "She was the great-grandmother of Alexander Pushkin. He wrote wonderful poems, you know! I must recite some of them to you. People say that his songs were so full of joy because his ancestors came from sunny Africa." The girl listened to Vania with deep excitement, as one who had been heartsick for years would listen to the news of possible cure. "My father was not a prince," she said slowly with a strange, hopeful smile. "He was just a plain workingman. But he sang wonderfully! I will sing his favorite songs for you, if you like. Don't you really mind, that I am dark?" "You are beautiful!" he exclaimed sincerely. She believed in his admiration. Happy tears brightened her eyes. She turned her face up toward the moon and began to sing in a sweet low voice an old minstrel-song. Vania listened attentively to the moaning melody, then took the guitar and tried to accompany her voice. "I like it," he said softly. "It reminds me of our peasants' songs. Can you translate it into Russian?" "I had better not. The words are too sad . . ." She sighed and looked with regret at the reddening moon. "I must go home, it is JAn ancient name for a Negro. getting late," she said. THE BLACK SWAN "Will you take me to my hotel? I suppose Smith is worrying why I have not yet returned. He is anxious for me, because I am his fortune. He makes his living presenting me . . . He is awfully afraid that I may marry some day." Vania took her to the quiet summer gostinnitza, which stood in the peach garden near the liman. Before they parted he asked her shyly if she would be so kind as to come once more to the park of Hadji Bey. "Of course! You will teach me the Russkaya! I will come next Saturday at noon." Saying good-bye to the Black Swan, Va nia put her little dark hand to his forehead. He wanted to con vince himself that she was not a vision. III. When Vania came to school a few days later he heard great news: the Allies were going to leave the city. "Their sailors muti nied. The Soviets will be here again!" said the boys. Vania did not take part in th e discussion of these events. His soul was too full of the meeting with Black Swan. H e could not think about anything else. 'Dancing But they talked of her also! Large advertisements were pasted throughout the city announcing the arrival of "the great American dancer". The boys were very anxious to see her, but it was scarcely possible. The prices for tickets were prohibitive. "Only the foreign soldiers can afford to pay so many roubles for a ticket!" "They have real money, American dollars!" complained the boys with envy. "Let us try to sneak in without tickets!" they planned. Only a few of them could spend such a fortune in order to see the Black Swan. (She had put this name on the bills.) They promised solemnly to sit through only half of the performance, then go out and give their tickets to the others. "We will see her in two turns," they joked. Alone Under the Weeping Willow." Vania had no money to go to the theatre. But he aroused common envy when he boasted: "I saw her off the stage!" "Lucky chap! People say she is a wonder! The American correspondent,—that clean-shaven man with short trousers and an 'eternal pen' who is always asking questions,—he saw her in Siberia and calls her a miracle." 14 THE Vania promised the boys to show them the Black Swan. "You have planned to make bonfires tonight. We may light them in the park of Hadji Bey and ask the lady to join our party. I will meet her there." "Look at him! Our tihonia' He has already a date with her!" wondered Vania's comrades. "When the evening came and the boys arrived at the cool park, they saw the slim dark girl in black dress and scarlet slippers, dancing alone under the weeping willow. They lay noiselessly down on the grass and watched her in silence. The irrepressible Kolia could not restrain his admiration and shouted loudly: "Fine! Splendid!" The girl slipped away. Vania ran after her and explained that his friends wanted to see her very much. She was amused and pleased, but did not want to dance any more. She felt shy. "It was not real dancing, you know. Just exercises. I practice here, because the hotel is too noisy." The boys whispered: "How dark she is! She looks like Abdullah, the African prize fighter, we saw last winter." "Yes, but she is so much prettier!" "Is she an African, too?" "Maybe. Truly she dances beautifully!" "This is good luck! We saw her without paying for tickets!" They laughed. Black Swan complained. "Vania, they are laughing at me!" "Oh, no, impossible! They admire you! Nobody dares to laugh at you, krasavitza!' She believed him. She wanted to be friendly with the boys. She helped them to gather the dry branches for the fire. Soon the bright flame mounted high, reddening the blue dimness of the moon-lit park, filling the air with warmth and smoke. The sparks dropped through the air like falling stars. The boys jumped over the bonfires. Every high jump was greeted with shouts and laughter. They wanted the Black Swan to join this wild entertainment. "Come on, try! It is great fun. Girls do it quite often. Don't be so shy!" But she did not enjoy the fires. A strange expression came over her face, a mixture 1 little, quiet one. 2 My beauty. of pity, pain, hatred .. . Her eyes aged suddenly, as if the inherited suffering of many generations had come to their sur face . . . But nobody could read their look in the pale moonlight, dimmed with smoke. They joked her, calling her a coward. They tried to prove by force that fire jump ing is great fun. Two laughing boys grasped her arms and dragged her to the blazing, crackling heap. She resisted with all her strength. As she saw the flame nearer, her eyes opened wider and wider, till they became two mirrors of horror. She uttered a word in English. A cruel word, invented in America. The boys did not understand it. But such wild terror sounded in it, that they sobered at once and let her alone. "What happened to you, little lady? Did they hurt you?" asked Vania anxiously, grasping her hand. "No!" she whispered with lips grey like ashes. "Were you scared? You look so distressed!" He spoke with gentle pity. Then turning toward the boys: "You rascals! You must not handle a lady as if she were a boy." The boys looked embarrassed. "We did not mean anything wrong." They muttered. "We just wanted to show her how to jump." Vania tried to excuse his comrades: "You must not mind them, milaya. They are rather rough, but they are good fellows. Please, don't be angry with us, my little swallow!" At the sound of his gentle words tears came to her eyes. It was such a contrast with the terrible remembrance of the lynching! Her nerves could not stand it. She wept aloud on his shoulder. "They burnt my father alive!" she repeated desperately. "The white people murdered my father!" Vania was silent. He remembered the horrible stories printed in the papers, stories which he did not believe: Somewhere in America, in that free, highly civilized republic, black people were tortured and burnt alive like the witches of old . . . He thought then that the Russian newspaper men had invented these stories, because Americans started the intervention .. . He soon forgot them, for he was never much interested in politics and political lies. But this was not a lie. A girl, weeping bitterly on his shoulder, whispered in his THE BLACK SWAN ear the cruel details of the deed . . . They did do it,—the Americans did it to her own father! He must believe! Indignation stirred his heart. He tightened his fists. But he could only vaguely imagine the offenders, they were so far away . . . His anger faded soon. Vania could not hate strongly; he knew better how to pity. Great pity overwhelmed his heart. He kissed the dark head resting helplessly on his shoulder and repeated the gentlest words he knew from the peasant's' love songs: "My evening star, my flower-by-the-brook, my little soul!" IV. The story of Black Swan stirred Vania's peaceful mind as a heavy stone thrown in a calm lake .. . He thought with great sadness about the far away country where the people were so dark as not to understand that God created all races equal. But he could not think long about any general problem. He had the soul of a child in spite of his nineteen years, and was very self-centered. So he put aside the question of how to "enlighten" America and tried to find salvation for the Black Swan. "Certainly, you must never return to such a cruel country!" he declared. "You must stay here, in Russia. You will be made a citizen at once,—and we have equal suffrage, you know." She sighed sadly. She remembered the news of coming Soviet rule. "Odessa will soon be abandoned by the Allied troops," she said, "and then Ole would not stay here, of course. He says Russians cannot pay well for entertain ment . . ." "Leave him!" "I cannot do that, dear. Ole Smith was always kind to me. You must not think that all Americans are cruel. He pays me well, buys me nice clothes and sends money to my mother. She lives in Paris, we emi grated after that terrible thing occurred." "You have worked enough for him. Did you not say the other day that he had made a fortune out of you? Don't pity such a big strong man. He can earn his living with his own hands." Surely she longed to remain in Russia,— in the country where her race was not de spised, where she was loved by a kind Rus sian boy. But she did not think it possible. "How about my mother, Vania?" "We will send her money. You may dance for the People's Theatre. Is it not a splendid idea? We appreciate good artists. Your mother may come here also." "Oh, Vania, it would be splendid, but you forget that Russian money has no value abroad, and my mother could not get a passport to Russia .. . I don't believe there will be any peace with your country! And if I leave Smith, he would get angry and stop supporting my mother. Oh, I don't see any way of settling it!" Despair sounded in her voice. The boy was silent for a long time. Neither of them noticed how far they went from the others. Vania's comrades called them several times, but in vain. Their plaintive songs were heard faintly from the distance. They left the park of Hadji Bey. The moon was setting. The dry grass of liman smelt sweetly and strongly, awakening passionate desires. . . . The spell of the warm and scentful southern summer prevented Vania from thinking clearly. He just wanted to take this gentle girl in his arms and protect her from any evil. He bent to her and kissed slowly her great, mournful eyes. It seemed to him that she embodied all the scents of the dark southern night. She returned his kisses. For the first time her lips touched his. He recalled the song about a starbeam that fell on the face of a lover . . . "But we must think! Sit down, my little swallow, and let us decide what to do . . . You must not go away. I shall die if my Black Swan flies away from me!" They could not come to any decision that night. They exchanged sweet smiles and enchanted looks, which have the same meaning for every race . . . They forgot all about the hatred dividing the maddened nations,-—for them all the world was united by love. After a sleepless night Vania formed a plan to save his Black Swan. He shared it with his comrades who had seen the dancer in the theatre and admired her. "Wouldn't it be great to have her forever for the community theatre?" he asked. "I think you want her for yourself as well as for the community—" teased his friend Kolia. "Surely!" admitted Vania with boyish frankness. "I love her. Will you not help me?" The boys shook hands with him and swore that they would do everything he asked. 16 THE The Black Swan was not only a good dancer, but also a good actress . . . One evening, after a meeting with Vania, who explained to her the plan of her rescue, she approached her impresario: "Oh, Mr. Smith, I think I will never return home!" "Why?" "I have such dark presentments! I am afraid that I may die, or something terrible may happen to me! My mother always warned me not to go to this dangerous country!" She sighed, "Promise me, if anything bad happens to me, you will not let her know! I don't want her to suffer." "Don't be so depressed, girlie, or you will not dance well. Don't forget that tomorrow we have the performance at the military headquarters." "I will try to be cheerful . . . But promise me, please, what I asked!" "Why, certainly! I don't believe your superstitious forebodings, but if anything really happened I would send the old woman her money just the same every month, as I promised you before we came here." "Oh, you are so kind, Mr. Smith." "Not at all. You deserved it. We have worked so many seasons together . . . You are a very good girl, but you have moods too often." "Can't I have moods from time to time? I am not a dancing machine!" "All right, don't be cross! Want some amusement? You must get rid of the blues, you know . . ." "Please, take me on a ride around the park, will you? It is such a beautiful night!" "Not to-night. We will ride to-morrow before the performance, if you are a good girl." That evening Vania found a little scrap of paper, shoved under the stone at the lake. It read: "To-morrow Evening, After Sunset. B. S." V A few days later, the American correspondent, sitting in the comfortable British Embassy, clicked out rapidly on his portable typewriter: "A terrible affair happened here last night An American dancer, known at home as 'Molly the Blackbird', was kidnapped by a gang of masked men. Her scarf was found near the lake in the suburban park. CRISIS She was undoubtedly murdered, then the body was throxvn into the water. No motive has been discovered for the crime; it seems quite meaningless. The only possible explanation is that the Russians, corrupted by communism, have grown so bloodthirsty as to . . ." There followed several paragraphs describing details of the mysterious murder. It was said, among other thrilling things, that heart-breaking cries had been heard from the lake by the guests of the nearby hotel. They supposed that the girl had been "tortured by the gang of hoodlums". Not all of these details were invented by the industrious correspondent. People in the hotel did hear cries. But this is what really happened: After the well-staged kidnapping scene, the boys took off their masks and Black Swan saw the fair 'young faces, smiling kindly at her. "This is our future star!" said Vania triumphantly. "She has consented to dance in the People's Theatre. She is the best dancer you ever saw and she is my sweetheart!" He put his hands on her shoulders and kissed her on both cheeks like a child. Everyone of the boys shook hands with the "kidnapped" girl. They shouted: "Welcome to our community!" "Long live Black Swan!" "We hope you will be happy in Russia!" All these friendly greetings flooded her heart with an unknown joy. She was famous and adored before in England and France, but those audiences had admired her as a toy. Here she was treated as a nearest friend, a sister. The joy was almost unbearable. It verged on pain. She must express it or it would choke her! She wanted to dance. Oh, never before had she had such a fierce desire to dance! She threw up her slim dark hands. Her body swayed rythmically. She was the living instrument on which joy played an eternal melody! "Boys, attention! Black Swan is going to dance for us!" It was Vania who said it. Russian Vania, her sweetheart! He who kissed her before his friends, he who was proud of her! Oh, she must dance beautifully! She wanted to jump, to whirl madly, but she restrained herself. - Not yet,—she remembered the words of her old Spanish FOR ETHIOPIA teacher: "Dancing must be harmonious." She began to move slowly, like a swan just awakened by the first rays of sunrise. She lifted and lowered her arms, as if trying to fly. The long and wide sleeves of her black dress fluttered like real wings. The boys watched her in silence. The red crescent moon arose above the bay. The dry grass of liman, rustling faintly under the sudden breeze, smelt like exhilarating incense. There was no music to accompany her dance, but the air was filled with unheard melody . . . She moved more and more swiftly. It was difficult to watch her movements in the dim shining of the moon. "Light!" commanded Vania. The boys snatched their torches and lighted them hastily. Seven burning sticks were like seven flaming red lilies. Among those flowers of flame she floated,—the Black Swan in the pool of dreams. She dreamed Happiness! She danced passionately! The shining black laces of her dress fluttered like feathers, raised by storm. The wind of unheard melody stirred them. Her body was music itself. Her red shoes peeping through the feathery black laces completed the remarkable resemblance to the red-legged black swans from the park of Hadji Bey. She felt herself a bird, starting a long joyous flight! She wds in truth a swan! She could not restrain her mad joy any more. She needed sounds. But the night was silent. The melody of feeling was not enough. She wanted music, real music, real songs, or cries! And then she uttered a shrill, long cry. It meant joy on the verge of pain. All the wild emotions of her African ancestors sounded in it. It recalled the first note of song, sung before the bonfires of victory, the barbaric song of unrestrained triumph! She repeated it. Her cries startled the boys only for a short moment. Then, obeying the ancient instinct, they joined her like the flock of the wild swans answering the call of the leader. These were the cries heard by the peaceful guests of the summer hotel on the night of "the mysterious murder". FOR ETHIOPIA BESSIE BRENT MADISON O DARK-SKINNED Mothers of America, Who sit today, perhaps, with bowed down head, Because your home is lonely since he left— Leave all to God, and rise and smile in stead ; Stretch forth the arms that nursed him as a child And guided his dear feet in ways of truth, Remembering how your love has glorified And brightened all his earnest, hopeful youth. Stretch forth your arms to Heaven, and say to Him: "God, I have given my best, my all, to fight In Freedom's holy name—to live or die, Which seemeth best, for justice and for right! Grant thou, O God, that through this sacrifice, When blood has well atoned for ancient wrong, That Ethiopia's Sons may raise their heads And sing a louder, clearer, grander song." Let it be so, when this dread war shall cease, When hushed is every bitter cry of woe, That all your children who to earth are spared, In bonds of fellowship may firmer grow. For none were better, stronger, nor more brave, Than those of ours who sleep with ice-cold brow. Let other nations rise and plead our cause, And let them understand, who scorn us now! SUNSET MARY EFFIE LEE SINCE Poets have told of sunset, What is left for me to tell? I can only say that I saw the day Press crimson lips to horizon gray, And kiss the earth farewell. WAITING JAMES WALDO FAWCETT I DO not sleep when others sleep; I wait and wonder, watch and weep. I make a little song in sorrow For those to sing who come tomorrow. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People THE HAITIAN MISSION TO THE UNITED STATES AT the regular meeting of the National Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P. last November, it was voted that James Weldon Johnson should return to Haiti to organize Haitian sentiment and to arrange for a delegation of Haitians to come to the United States and work for the restoration of Haitian sovereignity. It was felt that such a step was absolutely necessary if the evils of American occupation were to be corrected. Mr. Johnson was considered the best iperson for that task because he had made the investigation that brought the matter for the first time to the attention of the American people. But the great amount of work to be done in the United States and the cost of another trip to Haiti, made Mr. Johnson decide to attempt to accomplish this delicate task through correspondence with the leading men he met while in Haiti. In this attempt he was successful. A number of letters were sent, pointing out the urgent need of the formation of a unified b'ody in Haiti which would speak for the Haitian people. Not only could this organization wage an active campaign for the restoration of Haitian independence and the ending of the American occupation, but it could answer the great mass of counter-propaganda, de rogatory to the Haitian people, which was being spread throughout America and the world to justify American interference in Haitian affairs. As a result, in November L'Union Pntriotique d'Ha'iti was formed. From the Bulletin Mensuel of L'Union Patriotique we quote: "On November 17, 1920, in accord with the cherished wish of Mr. James Weldon Johnson, the devoted secretarv-general of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored Peoole, eighteen Haitian citizens, at the call of M. Georges Sylvain. former minister plenipotentiary of Haiti to Paris, met at Port-au-Prince' in his law office, and decided to form an association, having as its prime object the working in accord with the defenders of the Haitian cause in the United States for the abolishment of all restrictions placed upon the full exercise of sovereignity and independence on the part of the Haitian govern ment." Through efforts put forth since that date, the Patriotic Union of Haiti is today a national organization, with branches in every town of the Haitian Republic. It has sent a commission to the United States composed of M. Pauleus Sannon, ex-Haitian Minister to the United States; M. Stenio Vincent, ex-Minister of the Interior of Haiti and president of the Haitian Senate at the time that it was dismissed at the point of a pistol in the hands of a United States Marine officer; and M. Perceval Thoby. Since their arrival they have drafted a memorial to the United States Congress, the essential points of the document being: 1. Immediate	 suppression of martial law (which has existed since Sentember 2, 1915). and the military courts. 2.	 Immediate reorganization of the Haitian forces (police and military"! and consequently the withdrawal of the American occupation. 3. Abrogation of the treaty, September 16, 1915. (This treaty, forced urxm the Haitian people, practically made them foreswear their independence.) 4. The convocation, within a short time, of a cor=tit"tional assembly to draft a new Constitution for Haiti, the existing Constitution not having been made by representatives of the Haitian people, but forced upon them bv bayonets in the hands of American Marines. Messrs. Sannon Vincent and Thoby have interviewed members of both houses of Congress relative to definite action by the 67th Con°ress. They will remain in America until such action is taken. THE TWELFTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE AT DETROIT THE greatest conference in the history A of the N. A. A. C. P., according to all present indications, 'will be held in Detroit, Mich.. .TUTIP 2fi t/i July 1. In 18 THE LIBERIAN COMMISSION TO AMERICA. Underwood and Underwood Standing:Sitting: S. P. Wolo. President C. Dr. Ernest Lyons. C. L. Dennis, J. L. Morris, D. B. King, Judge F. E. R. Johnson.  E. W . McGill, THE CRISIS vitations have been sent to some of the most prominent individuals in America to address meetings, and from a number of them acceptances have already been received. Mr. Moorfield Storey, our National President, who was prevented from attending the conferences at Cleveland and Atlanta because of illness, has announced that he will be present and will speak at the opening session on Sunday afternoon, June 26. From Monday, June 27, through Friday, July 1, morning and afternoon business sessions will be held, at which time the problems of the branches and of the National Office will be discussed and acted upon. On each evening a mass meeting will be held, which will be addressed by speakers of national prominence. The National Office will be glad to receive suggestions from branches, members and friends regarding questions to be discussed and acted upon at Detroit. It is difficult to cover all of the ground necessary because of the immensity of the organization and the numerous problems which are constantly arising. We want, however, to do as much as possible, so that the Twelfth Annual Conference will be fruitful of results. Branches are urged to consider as soon as possible whether or not they will be able to send delegates, and also the number of delegates to be sent. In localities distant from Detroit where the branch is small, several branches can combine and send one delegate. As far as possible, we hope that every branch will be represented. A cordial welcome is also extended to all members and friends of the Association to be with us at Detroit and help make the conference a great success. Because of its central location, Detroit is excellently chosen and is an ideal place for the gathering together of many persons interested in the fight for freedom from prejudice for the Negro and in the success of the N. A. A. C. P. The National Office is making efforts to secure special convention rates to the conference. TWO-HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND MEMBERS OF THE N. A. A. C. P. It has been a source of tremendous encouragement to see how the branches throughout the country are entering so eagerly into the plans for the drive for 250,000 members of the N. A. A. C. P. which takes place April 24 to May 8. Most of the branches have appointed their colonels, majors, captains and lieutenants; have appointed their various committees and have inaugurated already all of the plans of intensive preparation. Every branch that has not kept pace is urged to use every possible effort to get the drive organization actively functioning, so that when the drive closes we will have reached and surpassed our objective of "A Quarter of a Million Members—A Force That Can-riot Be Ignored." CAUSE OF THE NEGRO PRESENTED TO PRESIDENT HARDING On Monday, April 4, James Weldon Johnson conferred at the White House with President Harding relative to definite steps that should be taken to relieve oppressive conditions affecting colored people and causing friction between the races. Mr. Johnson told President Harding frankly of the great unrest among colored people and their dissatisfaction with conditions which allowed lynching, disfranchisement, peonage and other forms of racial injustice to be continued. He emphasized the fact that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, while holding to the right of the Negro to participate in the administration of the government by the appointment of colored citizens to office, was more interested in the enactment of effective measures to relieve oppressive conditions affecting the entire race. Mr. Johnson urged upon the President, that he include in his first message to Congress a definite recommendation for the passage of a Federal anti-lynching law in accordance with the pledge in the Republican Party platform. The memorandum which was presented to the President read as follows: MEMORANDUM TOApril 4, 1921.  THE HONORABLE* WARREN G. HARDING, President of the United States. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People earnestly requests the President to include in his message to Congress, convening April 11, a recommendation that it take action to end lynching, the most terrible blot on American civilization. It earnestly urges that a wide and thorough investigation of peonage conditions be made by the Department of Justice. The OUR VALIANT MARINE recent disclosures in Jasper County, Ga., reveal conditions that are unspeakable, but the Jasper County conditions are not isolated. There are similar conditions in nearly every Southern State, especially in the Mississippi Delta region. The Federal government has full power to investigate, punish and abolish peonage. It earnestly urges an investigation of disfranchisement in the South, with a view to insuring to the Negro his right as an American citizen to vote under the identical qualifications required of other citizens. It earnestly urges the appointment of a National Inter-racial Commission to make a thorough and sincere study of race conditions and race relations in the United States with particular reference to the causes of friction. In addition to the above, the National Association for the Advancement of Col ored People again calls to the attention of the President the cause of the Haitian people and the necessity for a thorough Congressional investigation of both the military and civil acts of the American Occupation in that republic under the last administration, not only as a matter of justice to the Haitian people, tAit in the interest of the good name and traditions of the American Republic. It also asks of this administration the appointment of colored assistant secretaries in the Departments of Labor and Agriculture. Such appointments would give the Negro official representation in the two phases of our national life where he needs most and suffers most. Finally, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People asks that the President, by executive order, abolish all race segregation in the department at Washington and in the United States Civil Service—that most humiliating and undemocratic practice initiated by the Democratic-administration. OUR VALIANT MARINES ROTHSCHILD FRANCIS writes us from the Virgin Islands: Enclosed you will find a circular and clipping of an outrage perpetrated on the peaceful inhabitants of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, of the United States, by coward Marines of the Navy; I am sure it will interest readers of THE CRISIS to learn of the manner in which we are treated by these devils. Please note they had rifles and passed the night guards in barracks (who we believe are their accomplices) to fight a peaceful colored people, because they protested against the Marines mal-treatment of their wives and children. Letters have been sent to the Secretary of the Navy, Senators France and LaFollette, "The Nation", "The Crusader", "The New York Call", and American Civil Liberties Union, asking them to help us in the fight for the removal of these half civilized men of the navy from our midst. We are counting on you to help. The circular follows: How U. S. Marines Celebrated the eve of the Fourth Anniversary of American occupation in St Thomas, Virgin Islands, of the United States, March 30, 1921. (By the Editor of "The Emancipator".) But for the decency of the colored inhabitants of St. Thomas last night, an act more damnable than deviltry would' have been perpetrated by a most unrepresentative and disreputable gang of Law-breakers, who would rather call themselves the people's executors than their protectors. Imagine that from Saturday night some Marines stationed here together with some of the Sailors starting petty disturbances in that part of the town called "Back-of-all," and keeping up their war dance until last night when the culminating point was reached by a gang of a/j'out forty of these Marine law-breakers, arming themselves each with a rifle stepped bodly from Headquarters (the Barracks), and marched through the streets down to "Back of-all" shooting at anything imaginable, some of their bullets passing through the two story building of our citizen, Mr. J. Gimenez, mechanical electrician, entering through his window, destroying his large mirror, three and a half by two, lodging both in beam and ceiling, causing much discomfiture to his terror stricken wife and children. Sanitary Inspectors Wallace and Miller were chased off the streets by bullets hovering over and near their heads, they being forced to leave the Night-soil-car to the detriment of the tax-payers around the vicinity. What refletcion may not be gathered from this most ignoble action when consideration is taken as to the unhappy position of a defenseless people? Defenseless indeed, when to make the statement more clear the police were called off the streets. By whom is the question to be asked? We hope not by the Policemaster. It is a very critical position in which to place our good Governor Oman, who has always tried his utmost to prevent a repetition of anything looking like the fiasco of 1917, and we are persuaded to Relieve that he will so act upon this bunch of cowards as their actions merit. Men of the Month MALACH I DUNMORE CORNISH was oorn in Philadelphia, Pa., April 11, 1860. He was graduated from the Institute for Colored Youth in June, 1878. For 5 years he was a teacher in Wicomico, Md. In 1889 he entered the New Jersey State Teachers' Examination and received a First Grade State Certificate, entitling him to the principalship of any school in the State. He has served as principal of colored schools in Merchantville and Gouldtown and as supervising principal in Woodbury and Camden, N. J. At the Whittier School in Camden, Mr. Cornish had charge of 25 teachers and over a thousand pupils. In September, 1919, Mr. Cornish was retired on a pension of $1,500 per year, after 41 years of service. Mrs. Cornish is a graduate of the Institute for Colored Youth. She was appointed a teacher in Harford County, Md., in October, 1879; 12 years later she was appointed principal of the Park Avenue School at North Woodbury, N. J., where she remained 28 years. She also has been pensioned. The Honorable Casely Hayford, of Gold Coast, West Africa, is the son of the Rev. J. de Graft Hayford, who was the nephew of the Omanhin—that is Paramount Chief, Kweku Attah, of Cape Coast, and the son of James Hayford, who at one time served as Government resident at Comassie, Ash-anti. Mr. Hayford received his education at Wesleyan High School, Fourah Bay College and Cambridge University. In 1896 he was admitted to the Bar. He is a member of the Inner Temple of London and the leader of the Gold Coast Western Province Bar. Since 1903 he has written the following books: "Ethiopia Unbound", "Studies in Race Emancipation", "The Truth About the West African Land Question", and several pamphlets. In June, 1912, Mr. Hayford was a member of the deputation to the British Colonial Office on the Forest Bill; in September, 1916 he was appointed a member of the Legislation Council of the Gold Coast; in June, 1919, he was made an M. B. E., and on the occasion of his decoration by His Excellency Brigadier-General Guggisberg, the Governor said: "I know that besides being a fine barrister and a brilliant author, Mr. Hayford is a man who takes the deepest interest in his own country and is always willing to bring to the notice of the Government any matter for discontent that may arise and come to his notice." In conjunction with Dr. Akiwandi Savage, of Nigeria, Mr. Hayford was instrumental in promoting the conference of Africans of British West Africa, which has become the National Congress of British West Africa, of which the Hon. P. Hutton-Mills is the president and he is the vice-president. Mrs. Casely Hayford and her niece, Miss Kathleen Easmon, are now lecturing in the United States, as a means of raising a fund for a girls' school in Sierra Leone. Joseph Hugh Evans Scotland was born in Antigua, British West Indies, and educated at St. Michaels Institute. He enlisted in the British Navy and became a resident of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Boston, Mass., where he became known as a tailor and an expert cloth and fur specialist. In New York City he was appointed to a position in the banking house of John H. Davis &amp; Company. He was appointed Document Clerk in the Office of County Clerk Woolston, of Essex County, N. J., in 1908, being the first Negro to receive this appointment. At Newark, N. J., 15 years ago, Mr. Scott was elected Justice of the Peace; on November 2, 1920, he was elected by the Republicans as Justice of the Peace at Irvington, N. J., for a period of 5 years. The late Mrs. Martha E. Tucker was a teacher, a school principal and a social worker of Washington, D. C. She served at Bowen and Sumner Schools and was re tired from Logan School in September, 1920, after having completed 50 years of notable service. Mrs. Tucker's greatest achievement was the regeneration of the once notorious southwestern section of Washington, for which she labored over 25 years. 22 MKS. H. S. CORNISH MRS. M. E. TUCKER HON. CASELY HAYFORD M. D. CORNISH J, H. E. SCOTLAND 23 The Looking Glass LITERATURE TO TOUSSAINT L'OUVERTURE TOUSSAINT, the most unhappy man of men! Whether the whistling Rustic tend his plough Within thy hearing, or thy head to now Pillowed in some deep dungeon's earless den;— O miserable Chieftain! where and when Wilt thou find patience? Yet die not; do thou Wear rather in thy bonds a cheerful brow: Though fallen thyself, never to rise again. Live, and take comfort. Thou hast left behind Powers that will work for thee; air, earth and skies; There's not a breathing of the common wind That will forget thee; thou hast great allies; Thy friends are exultations, agonies, And love, and man's unconquerable mind. —WILLIAM WORDSWORTH. Wordsworth's sonnet written to L'Ouver ture a century and some odd years a&lt;rc held some prophetic Words. Hayti, foi whose emancipation Toussaint fought an&lt; died, in these days of her freshly threat ened enslavement stUI finds powers tha will work for her and great allies,—ago)iics love and man's unconquerable mind. * * * The Encore, a new musical journal pub lished by Clarence Cameron White, come: to us from Boston. We wish it much sue cess. E. D. Morel, the Man and His Work, by F. S. Cocks (George Allen &amp; Unwin, Ltd.. London, England), has been issued. Just because Morel has participated, contrary to our expectations, in the German outcry against blacks in the French Army of Occupation, we read with interest his tribute to the industry of the native African: He is speaking of the life of the native agriculturists of Nigeria: "What a busy intensive life it is! From sunrise to sunset, save for a couple of hours in the heat of the day. every one appears to have his hands full. . . . The men driving the animals to pasture, or hoeing in the fields, or busy at the forge or dye-pit or loom; or making ready to sally 'forth to the nearest market with the products of the local industry. The women cooking then-breakfasts, or picking or spinning cotton, or attending to the younger children, or pounding corn .. . or separating on flat slabs of stone the seed from the cotton lint. . . . The sowing or reaping, and the intermediate seasons, bring with them their several tasks. The ground must be cleared and hoed, and the sowing of the staple crops concluded before the early rains in May, which will cover the land with the sheet of tender creen shoots of guinea corn, maize and millet, and, more rarely, wheat. When these crops have ripened, the heads of the grain will be cut off. the bulk of them either marketed or stored. . . . The stalks . . . will be carefully gathered and stacked for fencing purposes. Nothing .. . is wasted in this country. . . . The bees receive particular attention for their honey and their wax. . ... . Before harvest-time has dawned the secondary crops come in for attention. Cassava and cotton, indigo and sugar-cane, sweet potatoes and tobacco, onions and ground nuts, beans and pepper, jams and rice, according to locality and suitability of the soil. "It is a revelation to see the cotton-fields, the plants in raised rows three feet apart, the land having in manv cases been oreeedently enriched by a catch-crop of beans. The fields themselves are protected . by tall ne"t fencine of guinea-corn stalks, or reeds, kept in place by native rope of uncommon strength. . . . Equally astonishing are the irrigated farms . . . n on the banks of the watercourses. Th plots are marked out with the mathematical precision of squares on a chessboard, divided by ridees with frequent gaps permit-tins: of a free influx of water from the central channel." Of the Northern Nigeria farmer he writes:— "Rotation of crops and green manuring is thoroughly understood . . . every scran of fertilizing substance is husbanded by this expert and industrous agricultural people." JAPAN AND YAP JAPA N has issued her intentions as man-J datory for the islands in the Pacific including Yap which were formerly Germany's possessions. The New York Tribune quotes her communique issued by the Tokio foreign office: Reiteration is made of the intention "in consonance with the spirit of the mandate" 24 THE LOOKING GLASS not to establish military or naval bases. The communication calls attention to the tendency to exaggerate the economic and strategic value of the Islands, "whose total area is smaller than Rhode Island," and points out that Yap contains only eight square miles, which is less than one-third of Guam and that its harbors are barely capable of accommodating three steamers whose combined tonnage is not more than 9,000 tons. The island has no natural produce, it adds, and, except for its cable facilities, is a "worthless piece of barren soil in midocean." "It might as well be said," the Foreign Office declares, "that the United States obtained control of the Atlantic seas by the purchase of the Virgin Islands as to say that, by the mandate to the islands in the South Pacific, Japan has staked a sea area of 4,000,000 square miles from Kamchatka, in the north, to the South Pacific islands." The Foreign Office then characterizes as fabrications reports which have been circulating that Japan is shifting administrative headquarters for the Marshall Islands from Jaluit to Woese for strategic purposes, is preventing the landing of foreign merchants and is unlawfully interfering with American missionaries and closing the mission schools. THE NATIONAL WOMAN'S PARTY THE miscarriage of the ideals of the "Woman's Party" was especially marked in the case of the deputation of colored women who attended the convention in Washington. Freda Kirchwey writes in The Nation: The efforts—wholly unsuccessful—of the representatives of the colored women would form a tragic chapter of the same story. A delegation of 60 women sent by colored women's organizations in 14 States arrived in Wasbinerton several days before the convention. They requested an interview with Alice Paul so that they might take up with her the question of the disfranchisement of the women of their race. They were told Miss Paul was too busy to see them. They said they would wait t;ll she had time. Finally, grudgingly, she yieMed. The colored women presented their case in the form of a dignified memorial—which read as follows : We have come here as members of various organizations and from different sections representing the five million colored women of this country. We are deeply appreciative of the heroic devotion of the National Woman's Party to the women's suffrage movement and of the tremendous sacrifices made under your leadership in securing the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment. We revere the names of the pioneers to whom you will do honor while here, not only because they believed in the inherent rights of women, but of humanity at large, and gave themselves to the fight against slavery in the United States. The world has moved forward in these 70 years and the colored women of this country have been moving with it. They know the value of the ballot, if honestly used, to right the wrongs of any class. Knowing this, they have also come today to call your attention to the flagrant violations of the intent and purposes of the Susan B. Anthony Amendment in the elections of 1920. These violations occurred 'in the Southern States, where is to be found the great mass of colored women, and it has not been made secret that wherever white women did not use the ballot, it was count ed worth while to relinquish it in order that it might be denied colored women. Complete evidence of violations of the Nineteenth Amendment could be obtained only by Federal investigation. There is, however, sufficient evidence available to jus tify a demand for such an inquiry. We are handing you herewith a pamphlet with veri fied cases of the disfranchisement of our women. The National Woman's Party stands in the forefront of the organizations that have undergone all the pains of travail to bring into existence the Nineteenth Amendment. We can not then believe that you will per mit this amendment to be so distorted in its interpretation that it shall lose its power and effectiveness. Five million women in the United States can not be denied their rights without all the women of the United States feeling the effect of that denial. No women are free until all are free. Therefore we are assembled to ask that you will use your influence to have the con vention of the National Woman's Party ap point a special committee to ask Congress for an investigation of the violations of the Susan B. Anthonv Amendment in the elec tions of 1920. Miss Paul was indifferent to this appeal and resented the presence of the delegation. Their chance of being heard at the conven tion was gone. A Southern organizer told the one active supporter of the colored women—a white woman and a delegate from New York—that the Woman's Party was pledged not to raise the race issue in the South; that this was the price it paid for ratification. But no such sinister motive is necessary to explain the treatment of the colored delegation; they were simply an in terruption, an obstacle to the smooth work ing of the machine. Their leading members were not allowed to ride in the elevators of the Hotel Wa°Hri&lt;»to" wV&gt;ere the convention was held, until finally they made a stand for their rights. And only by the use of tactics bordering on Alice Paul's own for vigor and persistence, did their spokesman— the delegate from New York—get a moment to present a resolution in their behalf—a resolution which was promptly defeated and which left the question precisely where it stood. 26 THE CRISIS Lide Gilhard Goldsmith, writing also in The Nation, faces the injustice of disfranchisement and intimates that it is a problem for the National Woman's Party: I am not a member of said party, but if they stand ready to take the responsibility of making the fight for forcing the enfranchisement of the American colored woman, I am ready to join their ranks. The East has its 'oroblem of the foreign-horn women, b"t if thev become citizens thev ; have a right to a voicen the government under the Nineteenth Amendment. Why should the "South handle its own problems." or the "Californians solve their own problems." or any other part of the United States, as regards the right of the American woman to vote? The Nineteenth Amendment has been ratified. By what right can those who have charge of the registration offices disfranchise any woman for the reasons set forth bv Mr. Pickens? If, as Susan P. Frost says, in your svmnosium in the issue of February 16 "the Negro population in communities of the South, either predominates numerically, or &gt;« at the rate of half and half." that same Ne«To population is doing its part in the building up of the South, and because oi that work the women as well as the men are entitled to c^st their votes for the candidate who has their best interest at heart. The Africans were brought into the United States by the white man and sold as slaves to the white man. We foufht a Wiar with the South to make those slaves free men and women, giving to them the i-ight to citizenship of the United States. We seem still to have another war to fight: uat against race and color prejudice. GILPIN THE controversy aroused by the possibil ity that the Dramat'e League of New York would invite the distinguished Negro actor, Charles Gilpin, to its annual dinner, evoked a host of editorial comments. Music ral America says: Among intelligent and cultured people it is adnrtted that if there is one domain where there must he no prejudices on account of race, religion, even personality, it should be in that of art. music, drama, the sciences. Let it be the work, on the merits, and that alone, and this should be particularly true where the work is of such exceptional merit as t&gt; contribute to the cause of cultural progress. Let us not forget, too, that we put into our Constitution as embodying our ideals as well as our ideas, that there shall be no prejudice in the United States on account of race, religion or previous condition of servitude. I am forced to these reflections by an incident which has recently caused considerable stir and controversy, which focused about one Charles Gilpin, a Negro star actor. When the question of his election as one of the guests at the Drama League dinner came up, several members refused to sit at the same table with a Negro. Others again, prominent members of the profession, stated that if he were not admitted, they would resign or at least stay away from the banquet. The issue here raised is vital. If a man does a great piece of work whether as actor or singer or composer, or as &lt;painter. dramatist, writer or sculptor, what has the color of his skin to do with it and especially in a country that has proclaimed to the world its freedom from such prejudice: though under the influence of our dominant Calvinism, we know that no Hebrew, no Roman Catholic could ever be elected President, and we further know, that with all our boast of freedom and a Statue of Liberty at the entrance to the port of New York, the Negro is virtually disfranchised in whole sections of this country. We have seen the same spirit come out through the strain, stress and horror of t'-&gt;e war and cause us to discriminate against the works of the great German masters, though nearly all of them, including Wagner, were revolutionists and as anti-Prussian as they could well be. * * * This article draws a contrast between Old and New World methods which is greatly to the advantage of the former: In this regard the old world is ahead of us. for while we discriminate against the works o f Warner, thev were given in London in Italy and even in Paris during the war or immediately thereafter. In these countries, too, the prejudices which shame us, scarcely exist. Europe did not refuse to receive Alexander Dumas, the ereat writer, because he had Negro blood in his veins. The Europeans have not discriminated against great art'sts because nerhans their personal lives did not conform to the best moral code. But we, who vaunt our democracy, who positively puf. as I said, into our Constitution that we shall be free from preiudice, we nresent to the world the spectacle of being the most prejudiced people on earth. We accept tens of thousands of ignorant peasants, raroi ,i  to read and1 write, from v nr e all parts of the world, but we exclude the educated Japanese gentleman and merchant. Has not the time come for us to adopt a more broad-minded, more just attitude, especially to those who distinguish them selves in music, drama, the arts, the sci ences, regardless of race, color, or religion or whether they live by the code, and that doesn't mean that we should for a moment depart from the highest standards in per sonal or social life. THE LOOKING GLASS The Brooklyn Eagle comments: We think that the world of art, o: music and of the stage will sooner or later have to make up its mind to fellowship colored persons of marked proficiency. There may or may not be sufficient basis for the theory that the Negro will never excel in mathematics, in the exact sciences or in chess-playing. But in acting, in oratory, in music ana in painting or sculpture, if he can master the technique of the latter two, the once-enslaved race does otter something temperamentally distinctive, and compelling recognition. Mr. Gilpin's own statement with reference to the issue so hotly discussed by the Drama League people is entirely temperate and self-respecting. He says: I am honestly striving to present my art rather than myself to the public. . . . 1 have no right to pose as an object of compassion. . . . Against those who do not care to sit in the same dining room with me, i have no complaint. This only will I say: Thus far in the world's history, no race or profession has ever been permanently prevented from winning an equality rating for itself. Neither Booker T. Washington nor Frederick Douglass, nor even the creator of D'Artagnan and the Count of Monte Cristo, the grandson of a Santo Domingo Negress, could have put more of personal dignity into an analysis of such a situation. But Alexander Dumas, developing in the broader andl more catholic atmosphere of a Latin country, had no occasion for such an apologia. THE ANTHROPOLOGIST SPEAKS FFAN Z BOAZ writes in the Yale Review on the probable disappearance of race consciousness: The greatest hope for the immediate future lies in a lessening of the contrast be tween Negroes and wnites which Will bring about a lessening of class consciousness. As I have already pointed out, under present conditions a penetration of the white race by the Negro does not occur, while the effects of intermixture in which the fathers are white and the mothers Negro will lead in all probability to an increase of the amount of white blood in the Negro population. This should allay the fears of those who believe that the white race might deteriorate by race mixture. On the other hand, intermixture will decrease the contrast between the extreme racial forms and for this reason, this alone will lead to a lessening of the consciousness of race distinction. If conditions were ever such that it could be doubtful whether a person were of Negro descent or not, the consciousness of race would necessarily be much weakened. In a race of octoroons, living among whites, the color question would probably disappear. There is absolutely no biological evidence which would countenance the assumption that race mixture of itself would have unfavorable results, that the children of white fathers and of mulatto or quadroon mothers would b'e inferior to their Negro ancestors. It would seem, therefore, to be in the interest of society to permit rather than to restrain marriages between white men and Negro women. It would be futile to expect that our people would tolerate intermarriages in the opposite direction, although no scientific reason can be given that would prove them to be detrimental to the individual. Intermixture between white males and Negro females has been common ever since Negroes were brought to our continent, and the efficiency of the modern attempts to repress this intermingling is open to grave doubt. THE WOES OF INDIA AT the National Convention of the Friends of Freedom for India, held re cently in New York, the following charges were made against the alien rule of Great Britain in India: We charge that for 150 years the official oligarchy of Great Britain has ruled and dominated India in the exclusive interests of the British Empire and that such rule has been opposed to the welfare of all the Indian people. We charge that as a direct result of British exploitation, the native industrial system has broken down and has almost wholly disappeared so that workers in the native crafts have been forced to abandon their accustomed and preferred callings to work on the land and in factories in order to provide such foodstuffs and other products as British imperial necessities demand. We charge that as general ignorance and illiteracy were a necessary condition to the successful exploitation of the resources and people of India, Great Britain has steadily and persistently cut off the means of educa tion as is evidenced by the educational ap propriation of $1,838,338 out of an annual budget of about $600,000,000. As a result the Indian people of today have not oppor tunities equal to those which existed prior to the time that Britain seized India. We charge that through a carefully fost ered system of scanty credit, excessive taxa tion, enforced exportation and beggarly pay, Great Britain has literally starved the peo ple of India by the millions in spite of the fact that India, left to herself, would be able to raise sufficient food to nourish her entire population. We charge that under British rule, native women have been drawn into the horrors of prostitution in order to satisfy the lust of the soldiery who, for the purpose of sup porting the mastery of the foreign rule, have been maintained under unnatural con ditions in tremendous numbers and at the expense of the Indian people. THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MAOEL INE G. ALLI50N MUSIC AND ART A T the annual dinner of the Drama ** • League in New York City, Charles S. Gilpin, the Negro star of "The Emperor Jones", was among 10 honored guests who were judged to have contributed most to the stage this season. Musical America says of H. T. Burleigh's new song, "Tell Me Once More": "With its flowing vocal phrases, the expressive rise and fall of its melody line, and its simple, yet beautifully managed accompaniment, it is a fine example of how much the composer can do for his lyric, to what a degree he can infuse it with warmth, color and imagination." Samuel Coleridge-Taylor's "Bamboula" has been rendered as the overture number at the Rivoli Theatre, New York City. The Coleridge-Taylor Association of Boston, Mass., has given a musicale of works by its members. Among the numbers were compositions by J. Shelton Pollen, Clarence Cameron White, Marietta Bonner, Eva Roosa Hutchins, Charity Bailey and R. Percival Parkham. The organization is conducting a series of 9 lecture-recitals. "Creole Folk Music" has been presented by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, and "Sculpture" by Mrs. Meta Warrick-Fuller. In New York City, the Colored Players' Guild has presented two playlets written by its members, "The Niche", by Mrs. Dora C. Norman, and "Pitfalls of Appearances", by Mr. G. A. Woods. A purse of $100 was given to the Circle for Negro Relief. Alfred H. Johnson, the Negro baritone, has been touring the South in-recitals at colored schools. At a concert in Germantown, Pa., he was assisted by Carl R. Diton, as pianist. Mr. Johnson is a Lockwood scholarship student of Yale University. Mr. A. H. Woods, of New York, has signed a 3 year contract with Bert Williams, the Negro comedian. Mr. Williams will appear next season in a musical play, "The Pink Slip." r Adolph Klauber, of New York City, who presented Charles Gilpin, the Negro star, in "The Emperor Jones," is arranging to produce "Nobody Knows," a musical comedy, with a cast of 30 Negroes, among whom will be Creamer and Layton. Students of Morehouse College, Atlanta, Ga„ have presented Shakespeare's "Hamlet", under the direction of Mary L. Strong. A. Jackson-Rigell acted the leading role, and other participants were Mrs. J. B. Watson, Mrs. P. M. Davis, W. E. King, Ralph Harris, Charles Perkins, Julian Barnett, Burnett Hudson, H. W. Thurman and E. S. Hope. Of a recital by Roland Hayes, William Atheling says in the New Age: "His rhythm sense is unsurpassed by anyone now singing in London. It is not necessary to have a book of the words. Whether English, French, or Italian, Mr. Hayes enunciates each one so that the hearer can understand it. .. . I can at the moment think of no singer who employs so many different qualities of voice, from operatic delivery to a singing which is almost speech. It goes without saying that the Negro Spirituals filled the audience with enthusiasm." West Africa adds: "At the piano Mr. Lawrence B. Brown proved himself a worthy colleague. Possessing a delicate, almost womanly touch, he combined with his technique that sympathy which marks the perfect accompanist." "The Mayor of Jim Town," a Negro musical comedy, is to be produced in New York City this spring. The book is by Miller &amp; Lyle and the lyrics and music by Sissle &amp; Blake, Negroes. MEETINGS THE North Carolina Negro Farmers' -"- Congress has been held at Brick School, Bricks, N. C, with 2,000 Negroes in attendance. Sixty per cent, of those present are farm owners; 57, taken at random, are paying taxes on 7,000 acres of land. Mr. T. S. Inborden, principal of Brick School, is president of the organization. 28 THE HORIZON The 6th annual National Race Congress of America, Inc., "Reconstruction Session," will convene in Washington, D. C , May 4-7. A. Y. M. C. A. conference will convene at Coleman College, Gibsland, La., April 27 —May 2. The Northwestern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs will meet in Phoenix, Ariz., July 18-21. . The National Association of Negro Musicians will hold its 3rd annual convention, July 26-28, in Nashville, Tenn. Manuscripts by Negro composers should be submitted not later than June 1, to Carl Diton, 432 North Fifty-third Street, Philadelphia, Pa. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE THE salaries of two nurses, Miss Mae Lee and Mrs. Vivian Nash, doing-health work on the staff of the Atlanta Urban League, are provided by the colored churches, fraternal organizations and insurance companies of the city. For the first time in the history of the state, a colored woman has been appointed as matron in the Recorder's Court of Atlanta, through the efforts of the League. Seventy-five delegates in a tri-state (South Carolina, Georgia and Ala jama), Big Brother and Big Sister conference, under the auspices of the Atlanta Urban League, voted to become a permanent or ganization, meeting annually. A group of young business, socal and clerical women workers in Boston, Mass., have formed an Urban League Auxiliary for volunteer community welfare under the direction of Miss Mabelle Brewer. The Boston Urban League is a charter organization of the new Boston Council of Social Agencies. The St. Louis Urban League has organized committees to provide entertainment and recreation and to assist in mending for soldiers in the U. S. Public Health Hospital. T. Arnold Hill, of the Chicago Urban League, reported April 1: 15,000 colored men and women are out of employment, 1,000 of whom are homeless. The colored churches and social agencies, using the League as a clearing house to recommend those eligible for relief, are sheltering 150 men each night and serving 300 meals a day. On March 20, 17,261 meals had been served; 6,473 men have been furnished shelter since January 1. The Detroit, Pittsburgh, St. Louis and Louisville Urban Leagues have done similar work. The colored social agencies in Louisville established a shelter for homeless men in the basement of the Y. M. C. A. The Detroit League collects and disburses money given by the churches for relief of persons in neighboring towns not cared for by the City Department of Public Welfare. The persistence of the industrial and placement secretaries of the Armstrong Association of Philadelphia resulted in the placement of 268 persons during January and February, when unemployment was at its height. At an industrial conference called by the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, Mr. A. L. Manly, the industrial secretary, outlined the economic loss to the Philadelphia business interests caused by race prejudice. William Ashby, of the New Jersey Urban League, has made openings for colored women in two dressmaking establishments in Newark; one in which they do the machine work and the other in which they wi.l be employed as drapers. FRATERNITIES TH E Knights of Pythias, Inc., in Florida, has resources of $277,291; since 1912 the organization has paid $309,210 in death claims. Mr. W. W. Andrews is Grand Chancellor. The Negro Masonic Order of Alabama has $130,000 in available cash and $70,000 in other resources. Mr. W. T. Woods is Grand Master. Negro Elks at Hartford, Conn., have secured property for a club house, at a cost of $60,000. The building will consist of club rooms and a large auditorium. EDUCATION EAR L ALEXANDER has been selected as a member of Ohio State University Debating Team. Mr. Alexander is one of the editors of the Sjjhinx, official organ of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity. Beatrice Pennman, a Negro student at Ohio State University, is an associate editor of the Phoenix, a freshman publication. The Colored Inter-Collegiate Athletic Association has convened in its 10th annual session at Virginia Union University. The annual track meet will 'b'e held May 14 at Howard University. John Diamond DuPee Wilkerson, a Negro art-law student of Western Reserve 30 THE CRISIS University, Cleveland, Ohio, has been awarded the gold "R " debating pin. Two colored boys at Gary, Ind., have enrolled in a Russian school, where they are studying the language, history and literature of Russia. Howard University becomes the first Negro institution to promote graduate work by the establishment of fellowships. Recipients receive compensation from the University for limited service. Yearly scholarships to the amount of $200 are to be given by the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity to one or more of its undergraduate members. The fraternity will also make an annual award of the golden laurel wreath to one graduate member for meritorious achievement. At the University of Pennsylvania, Fletcher S. Manson has been graduated with the degree of Master of Arts in Political Science. At Columbia University, New York City, Negro students have established Omicron Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Psi Fratern ity. Beginning April 14 and continuing 4 con secutive weeks, a post-graduate course for Negro physicians will be conducted at the John A. Andrew Memorial Hospital, Tus kegee, Ala. The Alumni Association of Hampton In stitute is raising a fund of $30,000 to erect a grandstand and equip an athletic field. Laura A. Oden, a 17 year old colored student, of Mechanics Arts High School, St. Paul, Minn., won the first place in a com petitive essay contest. She is the only Ne gro in a class of 30 students. The title of her essay was "The Art of Tactfulness." The cornerstone of Auburn Branch of the Carnegie Library, Atlanta, Ga., has been laid. The building will cost $50,000. It will be the first branch of the library for Ne groes in Atlanta. Joberta Des Mukes, a Negro student of literature, has been admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa Society at the Harvard-Rad cliffe Graduate School. Miss Des Mukes is a graduate of Howard University, '19. For the academic year, 1919-20, Kelly Miller, Jr., served as assistant in the Ballis tic Institute of the Department of Physics at Clark University, Worcester, Mass. Mr. Miller is now with the Madsen Electrical Research Laboratory, New York City. The statement—which went the rounds of the white and colored press—that Morehouse College had lost only one football game in 20 years, is incorrect. Morehouse has been defeated several times within this period. The Reserve Officers' Training Corps Unit, at Howard University, has completed its organization as a Battalion of Infantry by the addition of a bandl of 48 pieces. The unit has an enrollment of over 400. Through the General Education Board, annual appropriations amounting to $209,700 have been made for Negro education. These include $80,000 to the Jeanes Foundation toward salaries for supervising industrial teachers; $68,000 for teachers' salaries in country training schools in 13 Southern States; and $28,000 for teachers' salaries in summer schools in 12 Southern States. The Senate and House have passed a bill appropriating $500,000 to make Lincoln Institute, at Jefferson City, Mo., a State University. The school was founded in 1912, and has an endowment fund of $250,298; its campus of 444 acres and buildings are valued at $250,000. Walthall L. Moore, the recently elected Negro Legislator, is sponsor for the bill. Howard University's appropriation was not decreased as the House bill proposed, although the large increase hoped for was refused. For 1921-22, its appropriation is $280,000, an increase of $37,000 over last year. POLITICS A T Hamtramack, Mich., Ordine H. Toliver, a Negro, has been elected to the City Council by the Victory Party. In Chicago, 111., Louis B. Anderson, a Negro, is serving his third term as Alderman; formerly he was assistant corporation counsel. THE CHURCH A T Fort Smith, Ark., the Rev. James A. Stout, assistant to the General Secretary of Church Extension in the C. M. E. Church, raised $1,825 in three weeks. The Progress of the Presbyterian Church in Africa during the past 20 years, according to the Rev. A. L. Edmiston, is as follows: 6 stations manned by 50 missionaries, 10 organized churches officered by natives, 477 outstations manned and officered by natives, 2 ordained native ministers, 687 THE HORIZON Christian volunteer native workers, 20,000 Christian natives. There are 429 day schools with 16,164 pupils and 856 paid native teachers. The Sunday Schools number 460 with 854 teachers and 32,075 pupils. The Methodist Episcopal Church has established a Bureau of Colored Work with a Negro executive secretary, Dr. W. A. C. Hughes. The A. M. E. Church has planned a 3 year drive for $5,000,000. Of this sum $1,500,000 is for education; $500,000 for church extension; $500,000 for a pension fund for aged and super-annuated ministers; $250,000 for social service work; $1,000,000 for home and foreign mission work; $1,250,000 for the liquidation of debts and for increasing equipment in schools. John R. Hawkins, of Washington, D. C, is director of the drive. The Rev. William H. Dean,- of Ames Memorial M. E. Church, Baltimore, Md., reports 564 conversions and 809 accessions since June of last year; $16,000 has been raised for all purposes and $2,600 for missionary work. CRIME THERE has been a race riot at Spring field, Ohio. A drunken policeman, who attempted to maltreat a Negro, and 20 Negroes and whites were killed. On the farm of John Williams, Jasper County, Ga., there were 11 peonage murders. There have been the following lynchings since our last record: Versailles, Ky., March 13, Richard James; murder. Polk County, Fla., March 14, William Bowles; insulting woman. Hope, Ark., March 15, Browning Tuggle; assaulting woman. Water Valley, Miss., March 20, Adolphus Ross; attacking woman. Hattiesburg, Miss., Arthur Jennings; murder. Hope, Ark., March 22, Phil Slater, shot; assaulting woman. INDUSTRY GOVERNO R SPROUL has appointed Edward W. Henry, a Negro of Philadelphia, as an adjuster in the Workmen's Compensation Bureau. His salary is $2,000 per year with traveling expenses. Negroes in St. Louis, Mo., have formed the St. Louis Realtors' Association. One of its purposes will be to make more and better residence districts for colored people. In 1911, Negroes in Virginia incorporated the Elk Run Telephone Company, with a capital of $5,000. During the first year of business the company built and operated 11 miles of service; today 40 miles of wire and connection are being operated for over 90 subscribers. Messrs. T. C. Tyler is president and E. A. Blackwell, secretary and general manager. The colored Ideal Investment Company, of St. Louis Mo., owns $120,000 worth of real-estate, with a rental income of $12,000 annually. Its capital stock is to be increased from $100,000 to $200,000. Transactions are being made for the purchase of $80,000 worth of additional property and the erection of a $400,000 office building. Mr. J. M. Nimocks is president of the company. Negroes have organized the Ovington Hotel Company, Inc., and capitalized at $500,000, to erect a hotel in Atlantic City, N. J. John W. Lewis, of Washington, D. C , is president. The colored firm of Scott Bond &amp; Co., at Helena, Ark., has filed a petition in voluntary bankruptcy. The petition lists liaMlities of $550,000 and assets of $1,000,000. Mr. Scott Bond has been reported to be the wealthiest Negro in Arkansas. In December, 1916, Mr. R. S. Morgan, a Negro in New York City, organized the 50 Per Cent. Profit Sharing Company, capitalized at $50,000. The company now has assets of $227,532 and liabilities $178,902. Since its first year of operation the company has declared an annual dividend of 13V£%. The Bankers' Fire Insurance Company has been formed by Negroes at Durham, N. C. It has an authorized capital of $500,000, over $135,000 of which has been paid in. Mr. W. G. Pearson is president. Three white superintendents at Sum-rail, Miss., have been fined $10,750 for maltreating Negro laborers. This is the first time in the history of the state for white men to be punished for such an offense. The Hotel Dale Company, of Philadelphia, Pa., since March, 1920, has sold 6,636 shares of preferred and 6,575 shares of common stock, amounting to $66,360 and $65,750, respectively; it has paid to agents $21,436; Hotel Dale, $34,564; the balance due on deferred sales is $76,109; the expenses have been $7,763. THE CRISIS Negroes of Spartansburg, S. C , have capitalized at $10,000 the Woodward Trust and Loan Company, to engage in the handling of real estate. The Commercial Bank of Wilson, N. C, capitalized at $50,000, has been organized by Negroes. One of the promoters, Mr. J. D. Reid, sold $39,000 worth of stock in 30 days, 99% of which represented cash. Former Lt. Henry O. Flipper, who served as Spanish interpreter to the Subcommittee of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the United States Senate in 1919, has been appointed special assistant to the secretary in the Alaska Engineering Commission. His salary is $4,000 per year. In the colored section of New York City, Mr. C. W. Anderson, a Negro, is conducting a market with a stock valued at $18,000. He employs 7 clerks and does an annual business of $50,000. SOCIAL PROGRESS RUBEN CARTER is the first Negro to be appointed a traffic policeman in New York City. His post is in Harlem— the Negro section. "Jim Crow" signs in the government departments at Washington, D. C, have been removed. Twenty-two Negroes at Evanston, 111., have contributed $100 each toward a Community Home, which will include a store, offices and a lodge hall. Frederick Brooks and William Waller, Negroes, have been awarded $500 each at Philadelphia, Pa., for having been ejected from a car of the Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis line. At Burlington, N. J., Edward Lane, a Negro, has served as foreman of a jury at the County Court. At an expenditure of $25,000, Negroes at Roanoke, Va., have opened the new Bur rell Memorial Hospital—a modern institu tion with 35 beds and an operating section of 4 rooms. Clarence Gregg, a Negro at Kansas City, Mo., has perfected a machine gun which will carry 1,400 cartridges; it can be fired without the immediate attention of the op erator. Students of Howard University have formed the Howard University College Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. Oscar C. Brown is president. Lillian Beale has been awarded a verdict of $100 by Judge Adams against the Spoehr's Candy Shop, Chicago. 111., for discrimination. William H. Carter, a Negro of Brooklyn, N. Y.. has been appointed a Special Deputy Sheriff. The property in the Frederick Douglass Home at Anacostia, D. C , which has been held in trust for 25 years—has been turned over to Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, president of the Frederick Douglass Historical and Memorial Association. The association haswomen trustees and an advisory board of 15. Mrs. Napier has been elected treasurer for life. At East Liberty, Pa., Charles H. Stewart, a Negro, has been appointed to the Bureau of County Detectives. The New Jersey Assembly has 'passed a Civil Rights Bill drawn by Dr. W. G. Alexander, the recently elected Negro legislator. Near Cedar Grove, La., Gus Salomon, a Negro, who owns 2,200 acres, is organizing the town of "Salomon" for Negroes. Dr. Henry C. Stevens, of Wilmington, Del., has been appointed one of the city's vaccine physicians, being the first Negro appointee. Through work of the branch of the N. A. A. C. P. at Seattle, Wash., a bill providing against the intermarriage of Negroes and white people has met defeat in the State Legislature. Claude McKay, the Negro writer, has been made a co-editor of the Liberator, si radical white magazine of New York City. The other editors are Max Eastman, Floyd Dell and Robert Miner. New York City has 158,088 Negro inhabitants, making it the largest center of Negroes on the Western Hemisphere. Representative Patton, of Nashville. Tenn., has introduced a measure to provide separate entrances and exits for Negro passengers on street cars. The Savings Bank of Danville, the first Negro banking institution in Danville, Va., chartered in September, 1919, and capitalized at $50,000, has recently purchased, at a price of $25 000, a four-story brick building to be used as a banking house, situated almost in the center of the business section of that city. The resources of this bank are now $150,000. These items are culled from letters and clippings, Every effort is made to insure their accuracy, but mistakes sometimes occur. W$ arc glad to Correct essential errors. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at the Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls. Parties, Weddings, Dinners, etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well-bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. Ho w to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Stories for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Men Stories for Father, Mother or the Children. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laying aside the book. Handsomely illustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. Illustrating Table Manners A Book you will want Must have in your home Agents Wanted A most excellent Gift We are looking for 1000 hustlers, men Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken and women. Our offer will pay you posi from best photographs. A BIG BOOK, tively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made :ontaining over 400 pages. The people $21 the first day. Such an oppor are much pleased with this new publica tunity comes but once in a lifetime. tion and are sending thousands of orders AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen to us. Order today. W e send by insured pages and the pictures and covers of book, parcel post; return your money if not will be mailed 10 you for 25 cents. It perfectly satisfied. Price ONL Y $2.50 represents exactly the complete book. cloth; $3.50 half morocco like picture. Write today. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-day. No. 523 9th STREET, AUSTIN JENKINS CO. WASHINGTON, D. C. Publishers of the Life and Works of Dunbar, Booker T. Washington, Kelly Miller and Du Bois. Send for Catalog of 160 books. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Kellv Miller's Authentic History of Negro in World War A NEW AND UP-TO-DATE WAR HISTORY JUST OFF THE PRESS The 200 pictures 700 pages Only Price, cloth . . $2.50 War Morocco $3.50 Sent by insured parcel post. History That Will Fully Satisfy The American Colored People On the firing line in France This Book appeals to the Colored People. They are eager to buy it. Why? Because it is the only War Book published that thrillingly, graphically, yet faithfully describes the wonderful part the Colored Soldier has taken in the World War and is absolutely fair to the Negro. It relates to the world how 300,000 Negroes crossed the North Atlantic, braving the terrors of the Submarine Peril, to battle for Democracy against the Bloodthirsty hordes of a war mad Lord of the House of Hohenzollern. More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE NEGRO IN THE AMERICAN NAVY—Guarding the Trans-Atlantic Route to F ranee—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers —Wonderful Accomplishments of Our Negro Yoemen and Yoewomen. AGENTS WANTED Millions of these books will be sold. BIG MONEY it being made by our sales people 30,000 sold in one month. Our offer will pay you from $3 to $9 per day. One agent made $317 last month. AGENT' S SAMPL E showing specimen pages and all the pictures and covers of book will be mailed to you for 28 cents (stamps) to pay postage. It represent* exactly the complete book. Send 28 cents for outfit TODAY. Size Gl/i x &amp;y2 Inches, 700 Pages. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. You should read this book, it will (BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS) make a valuable addition to your Send for Catalog of 160 books library; send for it today. No. 523 9th Street Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 35 Negro Technical Men to Organize All Negro architects, chemists, physicists, civil, electrical, mechanical and mining engineers, BRAZIL wherever located, whether practicing or not, who are interested in the formation of a Technical Society, are requested to send their names and DO YOU WANT addresses to Mr. Darnley Howard, 608 Warren St., Brooklyn, N. Y . LIBERTY AND) WEALTH HOTEL DALE IN A LAND OF PLENTY? CAPE MAY, N. J. UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? Then Buy Land in Brazil South America Comfort and Elegance Withoutj^Extravaganc Kindly Send 26c in Stamps for Our This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Booklet Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlaBRAZILIAN AMERICAN tive in construction, appointments, service and reCOLONIZATION SYNDICATE fined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, American Office S5t»j4 South State Street, tennis, etc.. on premises. Special attention given to Chicago, III. ladies and children. Send for booklet. Sanitarium added with Dr. C. A. Lewis of the University of Penn. in attendance. MISS MADELINE ALLISON SHOPPER Spring is here! Have you done your spring and summer shopping ? Why not shop in New York, instead of in Gopher Prairie? It is cheaper and you get more satisfaction. Let me do your shopping for you. Write me immediately. Have you seen my little catalog ? Address: Room 622 70 Fifth Avenue New York, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the Crisis.) Mention TH E CRISIS. 36 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Hampton Institute Agricultural School HAMPTON, VIRGINIA Opportunity Knocks at the Door of the Man Who Knows and Can Do If you wish to prepare yourself to fill a responsible position of wide usefulness as a County or farm-demonstration agent Teacher of vocational agriculture Rural-school principal Hampton now offers in Agriculture A COLLEGIATE COURSE Based on Four-Year Secondary Course With Work in Well-Equipped Classrooms, Shops, and Laboratories; With Summer Field Practice; With All-Round Training Under High-Grade Instructors. James E. Gregg, Principal, Warren K. Blodgett, Director K3 THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Graduates Lose No Time Have you ever seen a stenographer (?) operating a typewriter (eyes right down on the keyboard) and every few seconds stop the machine to look at the copy or her notes? That stenographer was a double expense to the firm. She was paid a salary and also for the time she lost. Every time she stopped the typewriter she lost time. The graduates of The Stenographers' Institute are trained to keep their eyes on the copy and keep the machine going all the time. They can do twice as much work as most graduates from other schools. They write accurately and lose no time. New classes will be organized in Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping and Commercial Law, June ist. All auxi liary subjects for training in office efficiency are included in the full business course. The Building and Loan Association and Real Estate Office, now heinfc organized and officered hy the graduates r.nd students of the school, will be a practical business training as-et that has not been offered students in most business schools. If you live near Philadelphia be sure to attend "Founder's Dav" K.xercises at East Calvary M. E Church fRev. C. A. Tindley. D.D., Pastor). Broad and Fitzwater Sts. Wednesday evening, May 4*h. Remarkable feats in blindfolded typewriting. Children (10 to lfi years of age) will show marked ability in shorthand, typewriting ana elementarv bookkeeping. Edward T. Duncan, President. 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia. Pa. Educate Your Girl at The National Training School for Women and Girls Lincoln Heights. Washington, D. C. Among the best schools for ivomen and girls in the United States. The School that develops CHARACTER and PERSONALITY. W e fill our students with a burning desire to go out into the world and make not only a LIVING but a LIFE. COURSES 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal Music, Business, Domestic Science and Arts Social Service Beauty Culture Physical Culture Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Thorough Training SEND FOR CATALOG Nannie H. Burroughs, President SUMMER SCHOOL AT THE VIRGINIA NORMAL AND INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE The Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute will offer courses leading to the State Examination, Elementary Professional Certificate, the Normal Professional Certificate for teaching in graded schools and high schools; special courses in Music, Physical Education, Homr Economic^, and School Gardening; all the courses of the High School; an unusually strong Faculty; and Cordial and Home-Like surroundings. For further information address, JOHN M. GANDY, Conductor Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute PETERSBURG, VA. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of Its kind Ln historic Northern Virginia. State standard Four-Tear High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral standards. Prepares boys and girls to become useful men and women; terms reasonable, For information address EDWARD D. HOWE, Principal Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monograph* Sold Separately Addr ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY  ATLANTA, GA. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SUMMER SESSION of the DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL DERRICK BLDG., 1514 PINE STREET PHILADELPHIA WILL BE VERY POPULAR BECAUSE: 1.	 Boyd's 30-Day System is time and money saving. Just the thing for busy people with limited study-time. 2.	 There are rooms for out-of-town students right in the building at $2.50 per week. 3.	 The School is centrally located—handy to all car lines, railroad stations and only a few hours from Atlantic City, Cape May and other fashionable Watering Places. 4.	 Many well known people have enrolled for the SUMMER COURSE. 5.	 School Teachers, Business Men and Women, College Students have made reservations in order to study the short, practical, efficient System: meet each other in a business way and at the same time spend a pleasant and profitable vacation. 6.	 News of the great success and progress of this School has reached far and wide, there is hardly a business institution in which at least one representative of the DERRICK SCHOO L is not proving his or her efficiency. W E TEACH SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, FILING, OFFICE PRACTICE Apply at once for reservations in Classes forming JUNE 27th. M.	 J. DERRICK, Principal and Manager Mention THE CRISIS. 38 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NEW YORK SCHOOL OF CHIROPRACTIC NEW YORK, N. Y. A recognized institution for Chiropractic (KI-BO-PRAK-TIK) training offering a strictly residential course leading to degree of D. C. (Doctor of Chiropractic). Chiropractic, the world's foremost drugless healing science, is daily increasing in popularity because of the astounding results obtained in almost every human ailment. An unsurpassed opportunity is offered young men and women of character and ability. The school Is well located and well equipped. The faculty is made up of men well known and recognized in the profession as capable practitioners and teachers. WRITE FOR PROSPECTUS DR. J. FREEMAN OTTO GERTRUDE MILLER-FAIDE Registrar Secretary 240 W. 138th STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. STORAGE BATTERY REPAIRING has been added to the Course in AUTO MECHANICS At The Prairie View State Normal &amp; Industrial College which has turned out more ENGINE REPAIRMEN, TR\CT0R OPERATORS, CHAUFFEURS, MECHANICS &amp; AUTO ELECTRICIANS and VULCANIZERS than any other Automobile School for Negroes ADDRESS : Division of Mechanic Arts, Prairie View, Tex. Architectural Draughtsman—Wanted Man capable of developing plans and elevations from sketches. Must be proficient in making perspectives and in lettering. Write at once, stating training, experience and salary wanted, to William W . Cooke, Architect, 2308 Adams Street, Gary, Indiana. Enclose specimens of recent work. DOWN GO BADGE PRICES LODGES TAKE NOTICE BIG REDUCTIONS IN PRICES O N BADGES Get our price list for your society and save money. In our new and permanent home we have ample equipment to give prompt service. Let this old reliable race enterprise serve you whatever your needs. Reductions on all regalia. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. 641 W. 9th St., Cincinnati, Ohio JOS. L. JONES. Sr.. Pres.S . L. JONES. Jr., Manager. JO Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 27th ANNUAL STATEMENT OF SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. (Condensed) The SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA, INC, notes with a high regard the timely and insistent demand of our peoi *e for Facts and Figures from corporations and institutions appealing to them for patronage and investment. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., has annually published full and accurate statements of its Income and Disbursements, as well as its Assets and Liabilities: And it has given wide distribution of this matter to its membership and the public. This was done despite the criticism of competitors and other uninformed persons: who said that, "since our people were not up on financial matters, the time and money spent in preparing and publishing such information was simply a waste of efforts and good money." But the Southern Aid management knew that the race was making rapid strides of advancement in education, business and finance, and would, therefore, soon be alive to such matters. Today's "Show Me" spirit of our people compensates us for our efforts and convinces the critics that the people now demand more than Names and Promises as inducements for their support or investment. Therefore the Southern Aid Society of Va, Inc., takes great pleasure in spreading before the public its 27th Annual Financial Statement for consideration. Tan.Dec. 1, 1920, Cash B 81, 1980, Annualalance Bro Incomeught ForwardRECEIPTS  $145,076.94  712,647.68 Gross Receipts for 1920 $867,724.62 Dec. 81, 1920, Total Paid Out (InclDIudingSBURSEMENTS  investments made during the year) $759,086.86 Cash Balance, Dec 31, 1920 $98,688.17 ASSETS LIABILITIES Cash Balance $ 98,688.17 Capital Stock $ 30,000.00 Real Est. (Free of all Liens) 803,252.67 Deposits of Employees 15,203.89 Real Estate Mortgages 71,699.60 Ledger Accounts 10,488.00 Federal, State and City Bonds 62,838.00 Furniture and Fixtures 7,000.00 SURPLUS FUN D 498,046.67 Bills Receivable 1,368.15 Inventories, Sundry Accts 4,001.87 Total $548,788.46 Total $648,788.46 CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $ 623,046 57 Total Amount of Claims Paid to December 31, 1920 $2,170,734.86 The above verified record of great achievement does not satisfy us: W e are therefore planning for greater growth thru better and larger service to our policyholders in the hours of sickness, accidents and death: In opening more avenues of employment to more of our people: And by supporting and co-operating with other Race Enterprises. The unstinted and liberal support of our policyholders has made it possible for us to attain this splendid position in finance: Therefore the conservation of their best interests' shall always receive our first consideration. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second St., Richmond, Va. District Offices and Agencies throughout the State of Virginia Write for your copy of the 27th Annual Statement. Mention THE CIUIS. 40 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Soothing, the after-smart of shaving Madam C.J. Walker'sWitc A sharp razor and good lather are not «y&gt;ngh to prevent a tingling smartness after the morning shave. An application of Madam Walker's Witch Hazel Jelly soothes the skin, prevents chap and 35 cents of Agents and Druggists Made b the Mme.C. J.Walker Mfg. Go. v 640North West St.. Indianapolis. Ind Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 41 Buy New Black Swan Records Every Month and Encourage Negro Singers, Musicians and Composers Our monthly program will contain music that every home can use, no matter what your tastes may be. W e will record popular songs of the day, dance melodies, blues, high class ballads, sacred songs, Spirituals and operatic selections just as the other phonograph companies do. W e will give opportunities to our own singers such as they can get from no other companies. Every record you buy means encouragement to some Negro singer and some Negro musician to continue their work and to develop their talent. Every record you buy means employment along new lines to a large number of our talented people, in addition to clerks, stenographers and others. BLACK SWAN RECORDS are not "colored records" in the sense that they are cheaper or inferior. In appearance, in finish, in tone and in lasting qualities BLACK SWAN RECORDS will stand the test with any records made today. Ask your dealer to carry all our records in stock. Buy from him regularly. If he does not carry them send direct to us and we will supply you. Or send us the name of a Live young man or young woman agent who will handle our records in your community. Buy BLACK SWAN RECORDS and you will help preserve the best voices of the race, besides getting music which the race wants but which other companies do not record. BLACK SWAN RECORDS are the only records using exclusively Negro voices and Negro musicians. Pace Phonograph Corporation 257 W. 138th Street New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER DON'T WAIT ANOTHER DAY SEND FOR FREE BOOKLET THAT TELLS ALL ABOUT BEAUTIFUL ORCHARDVILLE AND HOW TO GET BUILDING LOTS THERE, WITH FRUIT TREES ON THEM, FOR ON EASY ONLY $5 6 TERMS As predicted in our previous announcements, the demand for Orchardville lots is increasing rapidly and should soon be GREATER THAN IT HAS BEEN FOR A LONG TIME. Conditions are improving to a noticeable extent, and in many places there is no longer that uneasy feeling which caused people to hold back in their investments. They now see that the worst has passed, and they are prepared to go ahead with their plans again. RIGHT NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY ORCHARDVILLE LOTS BECAUSE WE HAVE ONLY A LIMITED NUMBER LEFT WHICH WILL BE SOLD UNDER OUR ATTRACTIVE DEVELOPMENT PLAN, AND WHEN THEY ARE ALL SOLD IT WILL BE TOO LATE TO AVAIL YOURSELF OF THIS OFFER. Don't risk the chanoe of losing out by delaying too long. Remember that while vou are waiting OTHERS are ACTING. The lots nre size 30 x 144 feet, and each one will have FIVE FRUIT TREES aim a BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE planted on it which will be taken care of for FOUR YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. Besides the room to be taken up by the fruit trees, the lots have plenty of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, etc. Each lot is sold under a MONEY BACK GUAR ANTEE and the TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. The terms are only $6.00 down and $3.00 a month per lot. Smaller terms per lot when more than one are purchased. NO INTEREST. SEND FOR OUR BEAUTIFUL BOOKLET. It's FREE and contdns all the details of this remarkable offer as well as several views of the land. We also have a booklet containing letters from people who have been to Orchardville and who tell you what they think of the place. A copy of each of these booklets is yours for the asking. Simply write your name and address plainly on the coupon below and send it to tis RIGHT AWAY . The booklets will be mailed to you promptly. DON'T DELAY THIS ANOTHER DAY, or you may regret it. ADDRESS Arenson Realty Development Corporation 19 S. La Salle Street -:WRITE -:PLAINLY  CHICAGO, ILL. ARENSON REALT Y DEV'PT. CORP. Chicago, 111. Gentlemen:— D » t e 1921 II am interested in your Orchardville your booklets without any obligation to offer me.  and would like to receive a copy of each of Name Address | Town State. CRI-5-21 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 4:-! MADE to MEASURE $13.50 EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $13.50. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $13.50, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. You Save $8 to $11 This suit for S13.50clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field, W e offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell •» • ti..lt'.l CDCP you about them. W e would rather you did Big Sample Outfit Free not send us any money until we send our Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FREE our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 606, CHICAGO Mention THE CBISH. 44 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NOW ON SALE THE ONLY RECORDS USING EXCLUSIVELY NEGRO VOICES and MUSICIANS At Your Phonofirraoh Dealer 2001 ( AT DAWNING, Soprano with Violin. Cello, Piano Revella Hughes 10 Inch { $1.00 { THANK GOD FOR A GARDEN " Revella Hughes 2002 ( FOR ALL ETERNITY, Baritone. Violin obligato Carroll Clark 10 Inch \ J- Cordie Williams, Violin, F. H. Henderson, Jr., Piano $ioo DEAR LITTLE BOY OF MINE " Carroll Clark BLIND MAN BLUES, Blues Novelty Little Katie Crippen 9nft UU 5 ' " ] Soprano with Orchestra PLAYEM F0R $1.00 '  MAMMA, Blues Little Katie Crippen * Soprano with Orchestra Watch For Our New Releases Each Month // Your Dealer Does Not Supply You Order Direct From Pace Phonograph Corp., 257 w. i38thSt.,NewYork,N.Y. Live Agents Wanted in Every Community. Liberal Commissions. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A MONEY GETTER because It Is A CROWD SETTER Cleota Collins, Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun. should have Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish or the most mature kind. Her singing proved as The Slabtown Convention charming as anything the concert programs will offer Aa entertainment In one act; full of wit this season."—Detroit Daily News. and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from GEORGE LACY, Manager, One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night PRICE. ftOi.MISS NANNIE BURR0UGH8, Author 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio Lincoln Heights, 	Washington. D. 0. AGENTS EARN $75.00 A WEEK E. ALDAMA JACKSON 	Selling our Enlarged Photo Me dallions, Photo Cuff Button, GRADUATE OF INSTITUTE OF MUSICAL ART Photo Lockets, Photo Watch Organist-Director of Mueic of St. Marks M. E. Charms, Photo Breast Pins, Phou&gt; Clocks and Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Life Size PorTheory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. traits (16 z 20). Harmony taught from beginning to comWe copy from pletion. Private or correspondence. an y Photograph and Return Your Geothius system. Original Photo. STUDIO: 25 0 W. 138th St., New YORK, N, Y . Agents' EnJar?&lt;-II Telephone Morningside 1708. Sample s 60c. Negro Books, Pictures and Post Cards. Prompt Shipments. 100() Agents and Dealers Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art Co., 97 South St.. Jamaica, N. Y. Genuine Blue-Bell Chambray Shirts Z~ ^STUDENTS! ATTENTION! W e assist in preparing material for special articles, papers, manuscripts, essays and orations. Proficient literary service. JOHN A. MARTIN, Secretary 222 0 Sixth St., N. W., Washington D. C. IMPROVE YOURSELF I HELP OTHERS! Easy, pleasant*, dignified work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in stamps for membership, supplies, etc. National Literary Association 1230 Ton St N. W., Wash., D. C. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help Yon Get a Better Paring Position. Rush your order in _ today sure. GreatKEGISTEB, NOW REASONABLE TEE M est shirt offer ever made. " 3 fine heavy Blue Chambray shirts for work and semi-dress guaranteed fast color and worth $1.50 each, only $2.29. Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau SEND NO MONEY can AIIB fillADJIIITEC I* y° u match these Box 22, WLLBERFOREE, 0 . UUn UUAIIAIIICC 3 wonderful shirts for less than $4.50, and do not think you have saved at least $2.50. return at our expense. Don't pay high retail prices Order today sure, before it is too late. WE PAY DELIVERY CHARGES TO YOUR DOOR, SEND NO MONEY another big saving. All 3 shirts $2.29. Give neck size. SMASHING SHOE OFFER O BARNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY Rush your order in this minute for a pair of Desk F C44 910 W. VAN BUREN ST.. CHICAGO 	the famous AMERICAN. EAGLE Muneon laet, semi -dress and work shoe. Worth 00. NOW $3.39. SOLES. SPED CROCHET BEADING TAUGHT PROCESS MAKES THEM PROOF AGAINST ACIDS,AND BI-HOWB TONGUE MAKES THEM WATERPROOF. Learn at Home How to do Crochet Beading CorrectWE GUARANTEE TO ly and Speedily on DRESSES, WAISTS. BAGS, REFUND MONEY IF HATS. SLIPPERS. ETC.. With all kinds of Beads, YOU CAN MUTCH Bugles, Spangles, Fringes. Twists, Loops, Etc. THEM FOR LESS The only Authoritative Correspondence Courses on THAN $6.00. Crochet Beading ever published. Contains 24 illus trated charts with detailed explanations by Mme. Bertha La Mors, International Art Needlework Au thority. ALSO 10-day TRADE COURSE AT SCHOOL, $7.50. WORK GUARANTEED WHEN YOU FINISH SCHOOL COURSE. Classes in all branches of Art Needlework. Art Em	GUARANTEED6 MONTHS' WEAR broidery, Perforating, and Stamping, at the Studio. Don't wait. Only limited quantity. Be sure to get yours. Get in on this amazing offer. MME, B. LA MERS LA MERS STUDIO State size and color. We pay shipping cnarges, 345 WEST S8th ST., NEW YORK, N. Y. BEP^ARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY B Y MAIL—ALL BRANCHES $S TELEPHONE COLUMBUS 617 	DEPT. CM44 90 0 W . VAN BUREN, CHICAGO Mention TH E Cams. 46 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM, by the most skillful artists in the trade. t X Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using H them. m We carry the largest selection of HairO dressers' Tools and Accessories. O X Mme. Baum's Bob gives the appear ance of wearing the hair bobbed, but 1 makes cutting unnecessary. Mad e r MME. BAUM'S &gt; of strictly Supreme O O Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE waves, sewed OH Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuck Combs to OU R FACTORY IS LOCATED AT hold secure. IN all shades. Price. $5 30. 80 FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. Wben writing, mention this paper. Agents Wanted IN EVERY TOWN AND LOCALITY. GOOD PAY Catalog) Free Rush your order in today sure. Genuine Swoizene shirt material, extra fine count, very high luster Latest effects, most beautiful black, blue and THE EAST INDIA 	lavender stripes. Guaranteed fast colors, rich looking, wear better than silk. Cut extra full, coat front style, soft French turn-back cuffs. TOILET GOODS 11/ /~" ^„ _ to refund your money im- MFG. CO. W E OUARANICC mediately if you can match these shirts for leas thun 86.50. Don't PAY high retail prices. Order yours today sure, before it is too late. Delivery charges paid—another big saving. Send no money, all three shirts $3.59 C. O. D. Give neck size. 31 6 N . CENTRAL DEPT. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; CO. DEPT. r 3444 900 W. VAN BUREN ST.. CHICAGO The Negro in American History Its value indicated in public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 2S4 pages TO HANDLE SIDE LINE. chapters. 17 full page illustrations. Indei and bibliography other features. Price $2.00; sent on receipt of net price. Order through any bookseller: C O D or Traveling Salesman Wanted Good Paying Proposition. postage remittance. For further information address the author. ZENA BAKER JOHN W. CROMWELL 3116 Indiana Avenue Chicago, 111, 1439 Swann St., Washington. D. c. Mention TH I CLINT, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 47 A well established Corporation doing a halt million dollar business yearly, desires the services of an intelligent, live-wire man or BE A LAND OWNER! woman to take charge and sell a block of stock in a nationally known concern. Only those wanting to connect themselves with a permanent organization where good services are quickly recognized and repaid need apply. Address Sales Manager BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION GALE BUILDING 413 South Broad Philadelphia, Pa. Send No Money Profit Smashing Bargain — Just send your name, address, size and color for 6 pairs of these handsome, durable.irenuine Duo-Web silk socks. Pay only $2.80 fo six pairs on arrival. GUARANTEED $6.00 VALUE. Wonderful quality, extra heavy silk. Elastic ribbed top. Doable toe and sole, high epli heel. Choice of brown or l&gt;lac Fast colors-. Write today for tbisastoundingoffer. Limited quantity. Only 6 pairs ^ to a customer. Shipped delivery charges paid. Pay only S3.19 on arrival. Money back if you can match them for SG.OO. Dent. 044* BERNARD-HEWITT I Enjoy that proud, self-satisfied and independent feeling that comes with the ownership of a fine country estate. Invest your savings where they will he safe and where they can some day earn you maximum returns, Get away from the turmoil of the city, the lay-offs, strikes, congestion, high cost of living, etc. If you act QUICKLY you can secure a Woodville country estate consisting of 10, 20 or 40 acres in a fine location in Michigan, on very easy terms, FREE TOWN LOT with each 10 acre tract, also a SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT to those who act AT ONCE. The tract is well located, RIGHT ON A RAILROAD, with the station right there. The land is high and dry and sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. Send for our BEAUTIFUL BOOKLET and get all the details of this offer without any obligaton to you. It contains &amp; great many good views of the property, as well as interesting information. Simply, ask for a WOODVILLE booklet and mention the Crisis. Write your name and address plainly. SEND FOR YOUR COPY TODAY because the tracts are going FAST. Address ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle St. Chicago, III. HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L. S. REED 46 East Jackson Ave. Corona, N. Y. City. Mention TH E CIISIS. 48 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. DUDLEY MANUFACTURING CO. Formerly DUDLEY &amp; PORTER MFG. CO. and DUDLEY LEATHER &amp; CHEMICAL WORKS, Box 542 MUSKOGEE, OKLAHOMA r«f«»hon«. Baring TT»4 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgage* 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTOINIT AND COUNSILLOI-AT-LAW 14 School Street Boiton, Mass. 9 that stirred the peo ples of both continents. " A Programme for Life." Agents Wanted. Price 10c. Try the 5c. and 10c. stores. A. R. Gillespie, 2278 East 97th St., Cleveland, Ohio. Send No Money Snap this bargain up right now before it is too late. Only limited quantity. Amazing underwear bargain. Greatest ever made. UNION $060 SUITS for fc— Send postcard or letter today — this very minute, forthese three athletic style, white dimity check summer union suits, cut full, well made, wear splendid. Send No Money —pay only $2.G0C.O.D.on arrival, no more; We pay delivery charges, another big saving. WE GUARANTEE TO REFUND YOUR MONEY if you can match these three wonderful summer union suits for $4.50. Order this amazing bargain this minute before it is too late. Just give name, address and breast measure. BERNARD-HE WITT &amp; CO. Dept. G0444 CHICAGO Genuine Imported $5.00 Toyo PANAMA HAT Delivered FREE Pay Only $2.79 on Arrival THIS^ SEASON'S LATEST MODEL Becoming to Young or Old Write quick for this amazing bargain. Only limited lot. lit this profit - smashing low price. Guaranteed S5 value for only S&gt;2.79. SEND NO MONEY Just mail post card or letter today for this handsome Toyo Panama Hat. Beautiful drop crown style; flexible non-breakattie brim; made of the tinest sup-Tex; tine Tough fibre, tightly woven. Looks and wears like a regular $12.00 hat. Heavy blackgrosgrain silk ribbon bund, non-soiluble swent bund, tremendous •* } *|Q bargain. Send no money, pay on arrival only ... . wt i / 3 We pay delivery charges, another big saving. \A /o f^iiai 'antao tn refund your money if you can f C UUdrdlHW match thiswonderful hat forlesBthar. »5.00. Save money by writing today sure before this astounding offer is withdrawn. Just give your name, address and size. » BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; CO. Dept. M 044 900 W. Van 3uren St., Chicago, III, A Beautiful Complexion The Greatest Charm of All In all seasons, in all weathers, you can have a lovely skin. Maintain its dainty softness and smooth ness. Cleanse and refresh the skin, beautify and preserve the cc Lemon Massage Cream Keeps the skin smooth, firm, fresh, youthful looking. Clears up muddy and sallow skins. Removes,lines and wrinkles. No harm to tender skins. Guaranteed harmless. It's 100% pure. Always protect the skin before going out by applying a bit of Yvonne; also before retiring to keep the skin Invigorated and glowing with youth. 50c a jar by mail prepaid. Order today—NOW. YVONNE LABORATORIES 3011 Cottage Grove Ave.. Dept. B. Chicago, III. WANTED Agents*!or TH E CRISIS , Dignified Work Daaa 70 Filth Avenue, New York Mention THE CIIIII. If I send you a suit made to If your measure in the 1 a t e s t V style, from choicest fabrics, would you be willing to keep and wear it, show it to your friends and let them see our beautiful samples and dashing new styles? Could You Use $10 a Day for a Little Spare Time? Perhaps I can offer you a steady job. If you will write me c letter or a postal at once and say: "Send me your special offer,' I will send you samples and styles to pick from and my new surprising liberal offer. 0 Banner Tailoring Co. FREE SAMPLE BOOK COUPON Banner Tailoring Company, Dept. 927 , Chicago, 111. Gentlemen: Please send me your big NE W book of Samples and Styles and your Special Offer. Everything free and postpaid. Name Postoffice Street and No. R. F. D. Box State Nile Queen Preparations FOR HAIR and SKIN Scientifically manufactured to meet your particular beauty requirements NILE QUEEN Hair Beautiber NILE QUEEN Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Vanishing Cream NILE QUEEN Liquid Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Face Powder I'ink, flesh, IS'liitc, Brunette and Cream Brown 50c EACH -POST.lGBficF.XTRA The country-wide demand for NILE QUEEN preparations has become so great that they are on sale at most drug stores and first class beauty shops. If your dealer or agent cannot supply you. send us his name with your order. 1^ |"C W*J FJ FREE — Beauty Book ==== = KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. 3423 Indiana Avenue Dept. K Chicago, Illinois