The Crisis . The Crisis SEPT 1917 10c FRANK WALTS President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. J. E. SPIXGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publi REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN E. MILHOLLAND ROY NASH, Secretary MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field SecreOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JAN E ADDAM S PROF. GEO. WILLIA M COO K REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLE Y Boston JOSEP H PRINC E LOU D BUTLE R R. WILSO N Baltimore BISHO P JOHN HURS T DR. F. N CARDOZ O Brooklyn DR. V. MORTO N JONES DR. O. M. WALLE R New Haven GEORG E W . CRAWFOR D MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY PAUL KENNADAY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL REV.Springfield, Mass.  G. R. WALLE R DR. Philadelphia WILLIA M A. SINCLAI R LILLIAN D. WALD WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING ENLIST! With Memphis and East St. Louis fresh in our memories, we know that the fight for humanity and democracy abroad is not more important than the fight for humanity and democracy at home. Enlist now in the N. A. A. C. P. Your support was never needed more than now. Date , , 1917. MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollan or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street a $ City and State Mention THE CRISIS DOUBLE EAST ST. LOUIS NUMBER-EDITION 43,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUCUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for September, 1917 PICTURES COVER. Blanche Deas, of the Negro Players. A study from life by Frank Walts. THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS 219-238 THE NEGRO SILENT PROTEST PARADE, NEW YORK CITY 242-243 DRAWING. By Laura Wheeler 248 MEN OF THE MONTH 257 ARTICLES AGAIN IT IS SEPTEMBER. A Poem. By Jessie Fauset 248 NEGRO SOLDIERS. A Poem. By Roscoe C. Jamison 249 THE SO CALLED BLACK PERIL IN SOUTH AFRICA. An Article. By Alice Werner 249 THE RAGTIME REGIMENT. A Story. By Henry Davis Middleton 252 BLACK SAMPSON OF BRANDYWINE. A Poem 255 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 215 THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS. An Investigation by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 219-238 THE LOOKING GLASS 239 MEN OF THE MONTH 256 THE HORIZON 259 THE CRISIS for October The October Number will be Children's Number. Pictures of interesting children must reach us by September 1. No pictures can be returned. Our Children's Number is always one of the most interesting numbers of the year. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS; The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people arc desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Monday, October I , 1917. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Twenty-fourth Annual Session. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Fall term begins Sept. 1, '17. For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments: Ag a good secondary school preparation, and who ricultural, Mechanical and Acadesire to become teachers, courses are ofdemic. fered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physShort Practical Courses of ical training, elementary school methods, Three Months; Maintained by wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year the Governments of North Car $100. Fall term begins Wednesday, Septem olina and of the United States. ber 19, 1917. Special training for teachers of The Bummer School for Teachers, from July 6 to August 2 inclusive, will this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing Board, Lodging and Tuition, and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, $9.00 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For Catalog and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $15.00. President Dudley, For further Information write to A. &amp; T. College, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal, Mention TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For farther information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE. TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full Information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes In the State"— Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training- Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out In the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to ninth Grade. For Particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring First Semester begins September 27, 1017. For further information address W . A. FOUNTAIN, PresidentBISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board, Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October 3, 1017. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. THE WEST VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE NEAR CHARLESTON, W. VA. One of the leading schools in the United States for the education of Negro youth. Healthful surroundings, fine dormitory facilities, expenses low, strong faculty. For catalog address BYRD PRILLERMAN, A. M., Pres., Institute, W. Va. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA A superior school for the separate, higher educa tion of young women. Select Courses of study, Industrial, Music, Preparatory, Classical, Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thorough training. Expenses very moderate. Send for Catalog to the President. 1917 1867 HowardUniversity Stephen M. Newman, A. M., D. D., President. COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES A. B. and B. S. COURSES TEACHERS' COLLEGE A. B. and B. S. Courses in Education SCHOOL OF MANUAL ARTS AND APPLIED SCIENCES B. S. Courses in Engineering, Home Economics, Manual Arts. CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC Mus. B. Courses ACADEMY Two Preparatory Courses: Classical, Scientific. COMMERCIAL COLLEGE Secretarial Course, Accounting Course, General Course. LIBRARY TRAINING CLASS PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY B. D. Courses, Diploma Course. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE M.	 D. Courses in Medicine, D.	 D. S. Courses in Dentistry, Phar. D. Courses in Pharmacy. SCHOOL OF LAW LL. B. Courses For catalog, address. HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. Educational Institutions continued on page 266. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 14—No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1917 Whole No. 83 Editorial THE WORLD LAST MONTH. THESE are days of confusion and contradiction. — Russia reacts from her ecstasy of | last spring and retreats spent and demoralized. Will the blood and iron methods of Kerensky be able to reinvigorate her?—The new German Chancellor Michaelis offers peace terms which no one can or will accept. —The Great War drags on indefinitely.— Congress keeps America from doing her bit.— In the name of world democracy we land black soldiers in France to fight for our white allies, while white soldiers in East St. Louis kill black Americans for daring to compete in the world of labor with their white fellowmen.— China seesaws again from a monarchy to a republic and by her declaration of war adds to the world's embroilment.— Out of all this chaos and confusion calm and readjustment must finally come. But no man can guess when or how. MORE SUGGESTIONS. WE spoke last month of the great call for team work on the part of American Negroes and the pressing necessity of turning that team work toward helping us to earn a living. Today the way is open for co-operation among 12,000,000 people on a scale such as we have never dreamed. What we can do is shown in little things. Ten thousand of us marched the other day in New York City. Everybody said it could not be done. The ways were lined with rabbits, afraid even to walk for freedom, and yet, solemnly and simply, the Negroes of New York told the other citizens of New York their grief and resentment. That is but a little thing. We can do infinitely more. We can organize for industrial co-operation and we can begin with co-operation in distribution. In every large city where 10,000 or more Negroes live, the business of buying groceries, food, clothing and fuel can, by a single determined effort, be put into the hands of colored people. This kind of distribution has been successful all over the world. Little is said about it because the leeches that have fattened on retail trade are too powerful with the newspapers. Distribution of the necessities of life can be easily done with a tremendous saving to the people and the employment of colored men and women. The only thing necessary is for us to start; and to start we simply require that the same spirit of devotion and sacrifice, coupled with brains and training, that has sent young men and women to the ministry and the Y. M. and Y. W. C. A. work should be turned now among us Negroes and be put into business. White people are not in business for their health. We should be in business for our health and for the health of the world. EAST ST. LOUIS. LET no one fear that in the economic development of the American Negro East St. Louis is not a bubble. Its significance is simply the shame of American democracy and the utter impotence of its justice. Neverthe THE CRISIS less, despite this pogrom, engineered by Gompers and his Trade Unions, the demand for Negro labor continues and will continue. Negro labor continues to come North and ought to come North. It will find work at higher wages than the slave South ever paid and ever will pay, and, despite the Trade Unions and the murderers whom they cover and defend, economic freedom for the American Negro is written in the stars. East St. Louis, Chester and Youngstown are simply the pools of blood through which we must march, but march we will. PICTURES. THIS month we are publishing the first of an art series of six pictures which will be studies of the Negro types in the United States from life by Frank Walts. They will appear every other month for a year. If they are successful and our readers like them they shall then have more. We would be glad of criticism. The October CRISIS will be Children's Number. As always, we want pictures of interesting babies. We do not want merely pretty babies or babies all dressed up, but we want real, living, moving children. Please see that the pictures arrive in our office on or before September 1. Hitherto we have undertaken to return pictures sent us but this year we cannot. Send us a copy that you can spare so that we can keep it and use it to the best advantage. AWAKE AMERICA. LET us enter this war for Liberty with clean hands. May no blood-smeared garments bind our feet when we rise to make the world safe for Democracy. The New Freedom cannot survive if it means Waco, Memphis and East St. Louis. We cannot lynch 2,867 untried black men and women in thirty-one years and pose successfully as leaders of civilization. Rather let us bow our shamed heads and in sack cloth and ashes declare that when in awful war we raise our weapons against the enemies of mankind, so, too, and in that same hour here at home we raise our hands to Heaven and pledge our sacred honor to make our own America a real land of the free: To stop lynching and mob violence. To stop disfranchisement for race and sex. To abolish Jim Crow cars. To resist the attempt to establish an American ghetto. To stop race discrimination in Trade Unions, in Civil Service, in places of public accommodation, and in the Public School. To secure Justice for all men in the courts. To insist that individual desert and ability shall be the test of real American manhood and not adventitious differences of race or color or descent. Awake! Put on they strength, America—put on thy beautiful robes. Become not a bye word and jest among the nations by the hypocrisy of your word and contradiction of your deeds. Russia has abolished the ghetto—shall we restore it? India is overthrowing caste—shall we upbuild it? China is establishing democracy — shall we strengthen our Southern oligarchy? In five wars and now the sixth we black men have fought for your freedom and honor. Wherever the American flag floats today, black hands have helped to plant it. American Religion, American Industry, American Literature, American Music and American Art are as much the gift of the American Negro as of the American white man. This is as much our country as yours, and as much the world's as ours. We EDITORIAL Americans, black and white, are the servants of all mankind and ministering to a greater, fairer heaven. Let us be true to our mission. No land that loves to lynch "niggers" can lead the hosts of Almighty God. THE BLACK BASTILLE. THERE is in Paris a place where once a notorious prison stood—the Bastille. For many years from the beginning of its erection in 1369, it lowered, a stronghold of cruelty and despotism. But on one marvelous fourteenth of July, 1789, it was stormed by a furious and desperate populace, and not a stone is left to indicate what once had been. Instead, now on that spot, a lofty column, the Column of July, rears skyward its slender, beautiful length, a carven oriflamme of that liberty, fraternity and equality which is in verity the pride of France. And so the Bastille perished. Moreover the key was brought to America and tendered by Lafayette to General Washington in gracious recognition by one democracy of another. But here the similarity between the two countries ceases. For since the fall of the French stronghold there has been building in this democracy a tower, a fortress fully as iniquitous in its purpose as the ill-famed Bastille of old. Throughout the length and breadth of this land, yes, in the Nation's very capital, are men bent on putting the crowning touch of infamy to this new and monstrous superstructure—the Black Bastille of Prejudice. How many victims have been thrust into its pitiless confines! Into it have gone the ideals of the Pilgrim Fathers, the dreams of the Abolitionists and President Lincoln, and during the week before the fourteenth of July—the very anniversary of the fall of its stone and mortar prototype —the democracy of a nation! The shadow of the Black Bastille lies always across the path of us Americans. Turn where we will we cannot escape its gloom. In those old unhappy, far-off days the French populace demolished their Bastille's frowning reality with every conceivable weapon, stones, maces, pickaxes, halberds and their poor naked hands. America's course must be as theirs. We have no choice but to bring to the annihilation of this structure—so insubstantial and yet so real our all—determination, effort— grim, unceasing—money, time, tears, our naked bleeding hearts. A PLAN FOR THE SOUTHERN MIGRANT. THE prevailing drift of the migrating Negroes is toward cities where probably it will be easiest for them to start in, but where segregation is most pronounced, competition fiercest, houses most unsanitary and exorbitantly expensive, allurements to every sort of wrong-doing most vicious, and the chances for healthy progress toward a competence and ultimate independence the smallest. Your survey indicates that a large proportion of these migrants are from the rural parts of the South. Why should they not seek homes in the rural parts of the North? They are needed there. All good tillers of the soil are needed on northern farm lands as they never have been needed before in the history of the country. They are needed to help raise food crops, not only for this country, but for half a dozen other great countries on the brink of starvation. Crops command high prices and it seems about as certain as anything can be that such high prices, probably higher, are going to prevail for at least five years, till there shall be a readjustment of economic conditions throughout the world to restore the THE CRISIS unparalleled devastations of the war. How plain it is then that the farms offer the best chances for these people who have grown up in the South, away from cities, in country homes, and with the habit of working in the ground and handling stock. Surely they must find themselves more at home there than in the Ghetto of New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati or Chicago. They must find the occupations more to their mind, such as they can take up readily and learn thoroughly, till they excel and get the best wages for this sort of work. Here on the farms, too, are the finest prospects for accumulating property and becoming independent landowners. Of course, it will be the best way to begin as a hired farm hand, for this is the path to acquaintance with the methods of northern farming and to friendly relations with the neighborhood where one is at work. But one should not rest satisfied with being a mere farm hand. He should make up his mind at the start to buy some land as soon as he has the money to pay for it, and this should be kept steadily in view, till he has a farm and a home of his own, legally made over to him and with no mortgage on it. And this is no wild hope for a frugal, industrious man to entertain. There are today thousands of good farms in the back districts of the North under cultivation and having decent buildings on them that can be bought for half what it would cost to put up the buildings alone. Bargains without number can be found all over the North when you go from the villages a few miles. They are farms that were cultivated by influential well-todo people twenty or thirty years ago, and men and women were brought up there who are now in positions of responsibility and power far away from their old birth place. But the chance is great for those who are willing and have had a training in farm work to fit them for it. What finer opportunity could be offered to these Negro farmers who are coming up from the cotton fields out of which they have been pushed by the boll weevil and other things worse? The laws will protect them here. No one will question their right to vote. There will be no threats of lynching in these farming districts, however it may be in some northern cities. They will find their children welcomed in school and themselves welcomed at church, side by side with other Christian families. Is not this a ripe opportunity for the continued and enlarged activities of the Association for the Advancement of Colored People? G. S. DICKERMAN. PRIZES. A READER complains that after offering a prize for an article of two hundred words on the "Best Summer I Ever Spent" we gave it to an article of six hundred words. We did. The reason was that on the day the competition closed there had been no two hundred word articles submitted that were at all worth publishing. We deemed it, therefore, better to break our rule of length than our literary standards. The prizes, which were four in number, were awarded as follows: First prize, H. H. Thweatt, Thomasville, Ga. His essay was published in the August CRISIS. Second prize, Walter Edward Tibbs, Industrial College, Georgia. Third prize, Carrie Jameson, Milestown, Md. Fourth prize, U. Simpson Games, Washington, D. C. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS. THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THECOLORED PEOPLE, 70 Fifth Avenue,tha Gruening and W. E. Burghardt Du as special investigators of the recent outrages. ADVANCEMENT OF  New York, sent Mar Bois to East St. Louis,  These two collected in person the facts and pictures from which this article is compiled. ON the 2nd of July, 1917, the city of East St. Louis in Illinois added a foul and revolting page to the history of all the massacres of the world. On that day a mob of white men, women and children burned and destroyed at least $400,000 worth of property belonging to both whites and Negroes; drove 6,000 Negroes out of their homes; and deliberately burdered, by shooting, burning and hanging, between one and two hundred human beings who were black. Such an outbreak could not have been instantaneous. There must have been something further reaching even than an immediate cause to provoke such a disaster. The immediate cause usually given is as follows: On the evening of July 1, white "joy riders" rode down a block in Market Street, which was inhabited by Negroes, and began to fire into the houses. The Negroes aroused by this armed themselves against further trouble. Presently a police automobile drove up containing detectives and stopped. The Negroes thinking that these were the "joy riders" returning opened up fire before this misunderstanding was removed, and two of the detectives were killed. Some of the policemen were in plain clothes. One naturally wonders why should the white "joy riders" fire in the first place. What was their quarrel with the Negroes? In answering that question we get down to 219 THE CRISIS the real story. It is here we meet with the facts that lay directly back of the massacre, a combination of the jealousy of white labor unions and prejudice. East St. Louis is a great industrial center, possessing huge packing and manufacturing houses, and is, therefore, one of the biggest markets in the country for common unskilled labor. The war, by the deportation of white foreign workers, caused a scarcity of labor and this brought about the beginning of a noticeable influx of Negroes from the South. Last summer 4,500 white men went on strike in the packing plants of Armour &amp; Co., Morris &amp; Co., and Swift &amp; Co., and Negroes from the South were called into the plants as strikebreakers. When the strike ended the Negroes were still employed and that many white men failed to regain their positions. The leaders of various labor unions realized that the supply of Negroes was practically inexhaustible and that they were receiving the same wages as their white predecessors and so evidently doing the same grade of work. Since it was increasingly possible then to call in as many black strike-breakers as necessary, the effectiveness of any strike was accordingly decreased. It was this realization that caused the small but indicative May riots. Evidently, the leaders of the labor unions thought something must be done, some measure sufficiently drastic must be taken to drive these interlopers away and to restore to these white Americans their privileges. The fact that the Negroes were also Americans meant nothing at such a time as this. The leader of a labor union must be an opportunist. The psychology of any unskilled laborer is comparatively simple. To the knowledge then that his job is being held by an outsider add his natural and fostered prejudice against an outsider who is black and you have something of the mental attitude of the rioters of East St. Louis. Doubtless it was with some such prophetic vision as this that Edward F. Mason, secretary of the Central Trades and Labor Union, issued a letter, the facsimile of which appears on the opposite page. One point in particular is emphasized, that of color: "The Southern Negro," writes Mr. Mason, "has come into our community. No less than ten thousand of undesirable Negroes," he continues, "have poured in and are being used to the detriment of our white citizens." There is the appeal direct to prejudice. It is not that foreigners—Czechs, Slovaks, Lithuanians— or whatever ethnic division is least indigenous to East St. Louis—it is not that they are ousting Americans of any color or hue, but the "Southern Negro," the most American product there is, is being used "to the detriment of our white citizens." Mr. Mason has no hesitancy in suggesting "that some action should he taken to retard this growing menace" and "to get rid of a certain portion of those who are already here." Was not Mr. Gompers' excuse in Carnegie Hall a faint echo of all this? Mr. Mason wants to be fair. "This is not a protest against the Negro who has been a long resident"—so runs his superb English—"of East St. Louis, and is a law-abiding citizen of the state." In East St. Louis labor leaders are the arbiters of legal conduct and therefore 10,000 Negroes become undesirable citizens because they are strike-breakers and black. That the July riot grew out of the meeting called by Mr. Mason (see facsimile), we are not prepared to say; but that it grew out of this attitude is only too apparent. By all accounts of eye-witnesses, both white and black, the East St. Louis outrage was deliberately planned and executed. Says Richard L. Stokes, writing in the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, for Sunday, July 8: On the night of May 28th a delegation of about 600 union men marched to the City Hall to appeal to the authorities to prevent the importation of any more Negroes. Among them were many of the Aluminum Ore Company strikers. They took possession of an auditorium, and some of the leaders made speeches advising that in case the authorities took no action, they should resort to mob law. When genuine mob law did finally reign on July 2, the scenes were indescribable. Germany has nothing on East St. Louis when it comes to "frightfulness." Indeed in one respect Germany does not even approximate her ill-famed sister. In all the accounts given of German atrocities, no one, we believe, has accused the Germans of taking pleasure in the sufferings of their victims. But these rioters combined business and pleasure. These Negroes were THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS Central Trades 	and labor union AFFILIATED WITH THE AMERICAN MEETS SECOND AND FOURTH TUESDAYS FEDERATION OF LABOR 309 COLLINSVILLE AVENUE EAST ST. LOUIS, ILL., May 23, 1917. To the Delegates to the Central Trades and Labor Union: Greeting: The immigration of the Southern Negro into our city for the past eight months has reached the point where drastic action must be taken if we intend to work and live peaceably in this community. Since this influx of undesirable negroes has started no less than ten thousand have come into this locality. These men are being used to the detriment of our white citizens by soma of the capitalists and a few of the real estate owners. On next Monday evening the entire body of dele gates to the Central Trades and Labor Unions will call upon the Mayor and City Council and demand that they take some action to retard this growing menace and also devise a way to get rid of a certain portion of those who are already here. This is not a protest against the negro who has been a long resident of East St. Louis, and is a law-abiding citizen. We earnestly request that you be in attendance on next Monday evening: at 8:00 o'clock, at 137 Collinsville Avenue, where we will meet and then go to the City Hall. This is more important than any local meeting, so be sure you are there. Fraterna1ly, CENTRAL TRADES &amp; LABOR UNION, EDW. F. MASON. Sec'y. 19 (A FACSIMILE OF MR. MASON'S LETTER) "butchered to make" an East St. Louis 	the fair play which is the principle of sport. The East St. Louis men took no chances, "holiday." except the chance from stray shots, which Carlos F. Hurd, an eye-witness, realizes every spectator of their acts took. They this fact and speaks of it in the article went in small groups, there was little leadership, and there was a horribly cool de- which he publishes July 3 in the St. Louis liberateness and a spirit of fun about it. Post-Dispatch, of which he is a staff-re"Get a nigger," was the slogan, and it porter. Mr. Hurd writes: was varied by the recurrent cry, "Get an A mob is passionate, a mob follows one other!" It was like nothing so much as the man or a few men blindly; a mob sometimes holiday crowd, with thumbs turned down, takes chances. The East St. Louis affair, as in the Roman Coliseum, except that here the I saw it, was a man hunt, conducted on a shouters were their own gladiators, and sporting basis, though with anything but their own wild beasts. He goes on with another horrible account of which he was also an eye-witness: A Negro, his head laid open by a great stone-cut, had been dragged to the mouth of the alley on Fourth Street and a small rope was being put about his neck. There was joking comment on the weakness of the rope, and everyone was prepared for what happened when it was pulled over a projecting cable box, a short distance up the pole. It broke, letting the Negro tumble back to his knees, and causing one of the men who was pulling on it to sprawl on the pavement. An old man, with a cap like those worn by street car conductors, but showing no badge of car service, came out of his house to protest. "Don't you hang that man on this street," he shouted. "I dare you to." He was pushed angrily away, and a rope, obviously strong enough for its purpose, was brought. Right here I saw the most sickening in cident of the evening. To put the rope around the Negro's neck, one of the lynchers stuck his fingers inside the gaping scalp and lifted the Negro's head by it, literally bath ing his hand in the man's blood. "Get hold, and pull for East St. Louis!" called a man with a black coat and a new straw hat, as he seized the other end of the rope. The rope was long, but not too long for the number of hands that grasped it, and this time the Negro was lifted to a height of about seven feet from the ground. The body was left hanging there. These accounts make gruesome reading, but they are all true. Hugh L. Wood paints in the St. Louis Republic another horrible picture. He says: A Negro weighing 300 pounds came out of the burning line of dwellings just north and east of the Southern freight house. His hands were elevated and his yellow face was speckled with the awful fear of death. "Get him!" they cried. Here was a chance to see suffering, something that bullets didn't always make. So a man in the crowd clubbed his revolver and struck the Negro in the face with it. Another dashed an iron bolt between the Negro's eyes. Still another stood near and battered him with a rock. Then the giant Negro toppled to the ground. "This is the way," cried one. He ran back a few paces, then ran at the pros trate black at full speed and made a flying leap. His heels struck right in the middle of the battered face. A girl stepped up and struck the bleeding man with her foot. The blood spurted onto her stockings and men laughed and grunted. No amount of suffering awakened pity in the hearts of the rioters. Mr. Wood tells us that: CRISIS A few Negroes, caught on the street, were kicked and shot to death. As flies settled on their terrible wounds, the gaping-mouthed mobsmen forbade the dying blacks to brush them off. Girls with blood on their stockings helped to kick in what had been black faces of the corpses on the street. The St. Louis Republic has still a further touch: A Negro lay a block east on Broadway, with his face beaten in. He was not dead. An ambulance, driven by white men, dashed up. "If you pick up that skunk we'll kill you, too," cried the crowd. "I've got a wife and four children at home," said the white-faced ambulance man as he climbed back on the wagon. When the fire had eaten its way that far the body was tossed into the flames. Two blocks further east lay a Negro who had been beaten until he was dying. "Let's string him up," shouted a man. A rope was brought and the dying black in a moment was dangling from a pole. Several "good measure" shots were fired into the body and the crowd went further on. Mr. Hurd who writes with much restraint tells how he saw a man covered with blood and half conscious, raise himself on his elbow and look feebly about, when a young man, standing directly behind him, lifted a flat stone in both hands and hurled it upon his neck. This young man was much better dressed than most of the others. He walked away unmolested. The violence was confined not only to men. Women were in many cases the aggressors and always ready to instigate and abet. One woman, according to the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, wanted to "cut the heart out" of a Negro, a man already paralyzed from a bullet wound, who was being then maltreated at the hands of a mob. Mr. Hurd writes: I saw Negro women begging for mercy and pleading that they had harmed no one set upon by white women of the baser sort who laughed and answered the coarse sallies of men as they beat the Negresses' faces and breasts with fists, stones and sticks.saw one of these furies fling herself at a militiaman who was trying to protect a Negress, and wrestle with him for his bayonetted gun, while other women attacked the refugee. "Let the girls have her," was the shout as the women attacked one young Negress. The victim's cry, "Please, please, I ain't done nothing," was stopped by a blow in the mouth with a broomstick, which- one of the women swung like a baseball bat. An 223 THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS The Fire. St. Louis Star. THE CRISIS other woman seized the Negress' hands, and the blow was repeated as she struggled helplessly. Finger nails clawed her hair and the sleeves were torn from her waist, when some of the men called, "Now let her see how fast she can run." The women did not readily leave off beating her, but they stopped short of murder, and the crying, hysterical girl ran down the street. An older Negress, a few moments later, came along with two or three militiamen, and the same women made for her. When one of the soldiers held his gun as a barrier, the woman with the broomstick seized it with both hands, and struggled to wrest it from him, while the others, striking at the Negress, in spite of the other militiamen, frightened her thoroughly and hurt her somewhat. To this the St. Louis Republic adds: Seized with the mob spirit, two young white girls climbed on a car at Broadway and Main Street at about 4 p. m. and dragged a Negress from her seat. As they dragged the struggling Negress through the door to the street there was a great cheer from men on the sidewalk. As the Negress attempted to break away from her assailants one of the girls—for they were only about 17 years old—pulled off her shoe and started to beat the victim over the head. The victim flinched under the blows of the girl and was bleeding when she was rescued by militiamen. The girls were not arrested and started to walk away from the scene. There were bloodstains on their clothes and as they passed their friends they told about the part they had played in the riot. But this sort of Negro-baiting did not make a strong enough appeal to the jaded senses of the mob. Surely there must be some other means of adding to such pleasurable excitement. Somebody suggested fire. The idea was immediately accepted. Says John T. Stewart: The first houses were fired shortly after 5 o'clock. These were back of Main street, between Broadway and Railroad avenue. Negroes were "flushed" from the burning houses, and ran for their lives, screaming and begging for mercy. A Negro crawled into a shed and fired on the white men. Guardsmen started after him, but when they saw he was armed, turned to the mob and said: "He's armed, boys. You can have him. A white man's life is worth the lives of a thousand Negroes." A few minutes later matches were applied to hastily gathered debris piled about the corner of one of three small houses 100 feet from the first fired. These were back of the International Harvester Company's plant. Eight Negroes fled into the last of the houses and hid in the basement. When roof and walls were about to fall in, an aged Negro woman came out. She was permitted to walk to safety. Three Negro women followed and were not fired upon. Then came four Negro men, and 100 shots were fired at them. They fell. No one ventured out to see if they were dead, as the place had come to resemble No Man's Land, with bullets flying back and forth and sparks from the fires falling everywhere. A Negro who crawled on hands and knees through the weeds was a target for a vol ley. The mob then turned back to Main street and another Negro was spied on a Main Street car. He was dragged to the street and a rioter stood over him, shooting. The crowd then turned to Black Valley. Here the greatest fire damage was caused. Flames soon were raging and the shrieking rioters stood about in the streets, made lurid by the flames, and shot and beat Negroes as they fled from their burning homes. This district today was a waste of smouldering debris. Firemen fought the flames all night. In this stretch were burned the Southern Railroad freight house, the Hills-Thomas Lime and Cement Company plant and the Broadway Opera House. By desperate effort, firemen saved the Public Library Building, the Bon Bon Baking Powder Company, and the J. C. Grant Chemical Company. The warehouses of the latter contained 1,000 gallons of gasoline and coal oil. It was rumored that many Negroes were burned to death in the Broadway Opera House, an abandoned theatre structure. Bystanders claimed to have seen men, women and children seek refuge in the basement of the building. Rioters formed in gangs and trooped through the street, chasing Negroes when they met them, and intimidating white and Negro men alike, if they attempted to offer resistance. Here again according to the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, the women and children took a hand: They pursued the women who were driven out of the burning homes, with the idea, not of extinguishing their burning clothing, but of inflicting added pain, if possible. They stood around in groups, laughing and jeering, while they witnessed the final writhings of the terror and pain wracked wretches who crawled to the streets to die after their flesh had been cooked in their own homes. Where was the militia? At best they stood idly about in tacit sympathy with the rioters. It was not their business to protect Negroes against white men. Richard L. Stokes makes their attitude plain in the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. He says: I wish to point out that in these riots all the antipathy toward the Negro was not confined to East St. Louis. Among the first militia to arrive from Central and Northern Illinois, were not a few who declared feelingly their understanding they were not here to protect Negroes against whites, but to guard whites against Negroes. THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS BROADWAY OPERA HOUSE AFTER THE FIRE. Subsequent testimony conflicted with this statement and showed that most of the militia, as one would suppose from the location of East St. Louis, came from Southern Illinois. And John T. Stewart continues in the St. Louis Star: The major riot ensued at 4:30 , with not a Negro in sight. A crowd of fifty young men and boys dribbling aimlessly south on Collinsville came to a pawn shop. At once there were shouts of "get his guns," and the whites crowded through the shop doors and looted the shop of every weapon and all its ammunition. A boy not over fourteen years old emerged with a rifle and several rounds of cartridges. Another boy dragged a shotgun too big for him to carry. A detachment of militia came along and made a half-hearted effort to disarm the civilians. The only persons who gave up their arms were boys. One white man walking beside me patted a large revolver in his shirt bosom. It was fully loaded. Another handed him two additional rounds St. Louis Globe Democrat.  $700,000 DAMAGE WAS DONE IN THIS VICINITY of cartridges. Two guards passed. "You've got nothing on me," the rioter said, and showed the militiaman his revolver and shells. When the militiaman laughed, the rioter threw his disengaged arm around the guardsman's shoulder and they disappeared around the corner. Some of the militia were active in the fray. Miss Gruening tells of the two soldiers, members of Troop L, from Olney. She passed them a few days after the riot near Cahokia Creek and entered into conversation with them. They boasted that here "seven niggers" were thrown into the creek, "and every time the niggers came up people rocked them till they was all drowned." She imitated their vernacular. "And how many 'niggers' did you boys actually kill?" she asked. They were modestly uncertain—they were not quite sure how many, but they had certainly shot to kill. That had been their orders. '"What!" asked Miss Gruening, "to shoot to kill 'niggers'?" They grinned cheerfully. "Oh, no. Only to kill all we saw starting fires." THE CRISIS "And did you see any starting fires?" "No, all we saw was niggers flying." And they were to disarm every "nigger" of any kind of weapon—guns, razors, knives. They got everything away from them. Miss Gruening wanted to know if they hadn't disarmed any whites at all. They were doubtful. Yes, one remembered he had disarmed a drunken white man who was attacking a white woman. Subsequently, Miss Gruening met with the Military Board of Inquiry, whose members were: Brigadier General Henry R. Hill, Brigadier General James E. Stewart, Colonel M. J. Foreman, Colonel Taylor E. Brown, Major Edward B. Tollman, Colonel William D. McChesney and Major Richard J. Abbott. She told her story and offered to identify the boys. The Board was unenthusiastic and a trifle skeptical. Didn't Miss Gruening really suppose that the boys were joking? Doubtless they merely wanted to look big in the eyes of a lady. Yes, such jesting was in bad taste, but boys will be boys. At any rate identification was impossible because the Olney troops had been withdrawn. Miss Gruening offered to go to Olney, to go anywhere to identify the two guardsmen. Well, that was unnecessary, it was rather late now—on the third day of the inquiry —to institute such a complaint. Why hadn't the lady gone immediately to the commandant, who was present, and made her charge. Miss Gruening had already been to the commandant on another matter and had been rebuffed. As she was about to leave they laid on her a solemn charge. "Young lady, as a writer, you have a heavy responsibility. If you go away and give the world the impression that the boys of the Illinois Militia or their officers failed in their duty you will be doing a serious injustice. We have gone exhaustively into the evidence. We have followed up every accusation made against Illinois guardsmen and we find not a single instance in which they misconducted themselves. On the contrary, we have found innumerable instances of the greatest heroism on the part of these young and untrained boys—instances in which Negroes were rescued from crowds of two or three hundred people. We have examined every body (Query: the burned and drowned bodies too?) and none of the wounds were made by rifles." Miss Gruening inquired why, in the case of so much heroism, were so many Negroes killed and only eight white men. There was no answer to that. Many white people told Miss Gruening that the militia had done remarkably well when one considered that most of them came from towns in Southern Illinois, like Olney, for instance, at whose railway stations were placards with the inscription: "Nigger, don't let the sun set on you." It was impossible, it was argued, for such men to suppose that they were being called on to protect "niggers"! And now we come to a short list of savage deeds which most of the newspapers have failed to print. Some of them though hint at them, like the St. Louis Globe-Democrat for instance, when it says "enormities of savagery which would shame the jungle were committed in the presence of policemen and militiamen." All of the following statements were related by eyewitnesses to Miss Gruening and Dr. Du Bois. Miss Gruening writing in the Boston Journal says succintly: "One girl was standing at a window of a white woman's house in which she worked. Her arm was shot away. A policeman and a soldier, she said, did the shooting . An old woman, frightfully burned, dying in the hospital, was asked if the mob had done it and replied: 'No, they jes' set fire to my house and I burned myself trying to get out' . . . One of the St. Louis reporters said that he knew exactly how people felt who had seen atrocities abroad and were trying to 'get them across' to the rest of the world, 'although,' he added, 'not even Belgium probably has anything quite as horrible to show' . . . About 10 blocks of Negro homes were burned, and the mobs stood outside and shot and stoned those who tried to escape . . . The mob seized a colored woman's baby and threw it into the fire. The woman was then shot and thrown in." One dares not dwell too long on these horrors. There are the stories too related by Mrs. Luella Cox (white) of the Volunteers of America, a St. Louis organization. Mrs. Cox had gone over to East St. Louis on that memorable day on business connected with her society. She passed through scenes that she can never forget. She realized the storm that was brewing and tried to persuade some of the colored families living in what afterwards became the burned district to flee. They were afraid to venture out but remained hidden in their houses with what results one can shudderingly surmise. Mrs. Cox saw a Negro beheaded with a butcher's knife by someone in a crowd standing near the Free Bridge. The crowd had to have its jest. So its members laughingly threw the head over one side of the bridge and the body over the other. A trolley-car came along. The crowd forced its inmates to put their hands out the window. Colored people thus recognized were hauled out of the car to be beaten, trampled on, shot. A little twelve-yearold colored girl fainted—her mother knelt beside her. The crowd surged in on her. When its ranks opened up again Mrs. Cox saw the mother prostrate with a hole as large as one's fist in her head. Around a corner came a group of miners, fresh from work, their pick-axes over their shoulders. They plunged joyously into the arena. Presently Mrs. Cox caught sight THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS 227 Looking for bodies of victims. six were found here. St. Louis Star. THE CRISIS of them again resting from their labors, their pick-axes slung once more over their shoulders, and on their backs dripped blood. While Mrs. Cox was talking to Miss Gruening and Dr. Du Bois, a colored woman came up and exclaimed: "There's the lady that saved me!" The woman had spent all that terrible night crouching in a sewer pipe. It was Mrs. Cox, too, who saw the baby snatched from its mother's arms and thrown into the flames, to be followed afterwards by the mother. This last act was the only merciful one on the part of the crowd. This recital deals only with facts. But stop and picture for a moment Mrs. Cox's day and the memories which must haunt her and all others who spent those awful hours in St. Louis. First the mob, always a frightful thing —lowering in dense cowardly ranks through the streets. Then the fleeing Negroes, hunted, despairing. A hoarse, sullen cry, "Get the nigger!" A shower of bullets, of bricks and stones. The flash of meat-cleavers and pickaxes. The merciless flames. And everywhere bodies, blood, hate and terrible levity. All our hunting-songs and descriptions deal with the glory of the chase as seen and felt by the hunters. No one has visualized the psychology of the quarry, the driven, hunted thing. The Negroes of East St. Louis have in their statements supplied the world with that lack. The following accounts are published in the somewhat disjointed fashion in which they were necessarily collected by the in vestigators. No interpolation whatever is added to detract from their simplicity and sincerity. This is the testimony of Mary Edwards. She is twenty-three years old, directress of a cafeteria at Lincoln School at fifty dollars a month, has lived in East St. Louis for six teen years: Knew at ten o'clock in the morning that white and colored had been fighting, but did not know seriousness of fight until five o'clock in evening when riot started at Broadway and Fourth Street. Heard shoot ing and yelling, saw mob pull women off street cars and beat them, but did not think rioters would come up to Eighth Street. Fires had started and were as far as Fifth Street and Broadway and swept through Fourth St., to Fifth and on to Eighth. The shooting was so violent that they were afraid to leave home. By this time rioters were on Eighth Street, shooting through homes and setting fire to them. Daughter and father were in house dodging bullets which were coming thick. Building at cor ner of Eighth and Walnut was occupied by whites. Some of mob yelled, "Save it. Whites live there." Some of the rioters went to Eighth and Broadway and set fire to colored grocery store and colored bar ber shop. Man in barber shop escaped but the man and wife in store were burned up. By that time Opera House was on fire and flats on side and back of it. East end of Library Flats caught and heat was so great that father and daughter tried to escape through alley and up street to Broadway, but encountered mob at Broadway. Soldiers were in line-up on north side of street and offered no assistance. Ran across street to Westbrook's home with bullets flying all around them and rioters shouting, "Kill him, kill him." Here daughter lost track of father. She beat on back door of Westbrook's home but no response, ran across alley to Division Avenue, ran on white lady's porch, but the lady would not let her in. Men were shooting at her for all they were worth, but she succeeded in dodging bullets. Ran across field and got in house and crawled under bed. Mob following right behind her, but lost sight of which house she went in and set fire to each end of flat. Rather than be burned to death she ran out and mob began shooting at her again. Just at that time a man ran out of the house, and mob let girl alone and started at him. She fell in weeds and lay very quiet. Could see them beating man. About one hour afterwards she heard someone say, "Any niggers in here?" She kept very quiet thinking them rioters. One said, "No one does answer. Come on, boys, let's go in after them." She then raised up not knowing they were soldiers and pleaded for her life. They picked her up and took her over the same ground she had run from the mob: put her in a machine and took her to City Hall. When she came to her self she was in the doctor's office surrounded by friends and her sister, Josephine, who had escaped with the Westbrooks. It was about one o'clock when she reached the City Hall. Mr. Edwards succeeded in getting away from mob, hid under a white man's porch until three o'clock in the morning, crawled from under there and went under side walk on Broadway and stayed there till five o'clock. (In East St. Louis, Ill., the streets are higher than the houses). He got out from under the walk and walked over where his home was still burning and stayed there till five-thirty. Started out to find girls, saw a policeman who told him he would probably find them at City Hall. On way to City Hall, he met two policemen with two colored men. One man asked him if he would send a message to his wife. Mr. Edwards said he could not do so. Policeman then arrested him charging him with being one of the rioters. He was locked up in jail and did not get out until twelve o'clock, when he was carried before Justice of Peace for trial. They found him guilty and set his trial for nine o'clock Wednesday morning and told him he would have to give bond for three hundred dollars. They would not let him have an attorney nor would they let him send for any one. He then asked the Judge to let him make a statement to the court. That was granted. He got up and told of his experience from five o'clock Monday evening until he was arrested at 5:45 Tuesday morning. THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS 229 Colored man, in front of car, being mobbed, militia looking on. International Film service THE CRISIS FRANK SMITH, BURNED. AMOS DAVIS, AGE 84, SHOT. THE REFUGEES. CAMP OF TROOP D, 1ST ILL. CAVALRY FROM SPRINGFIELD. AFTER THE FIRE. POLICE HEADQUARTERS, ST. LOUIS, MO. THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS After hearing his story the Judge dismissed him. Nathaniel Cole is twenty-two years old and worked in a steel foundry. He says: I was on my way from Alton on an Inter urban car. When the car reached East St. Louis I saw a crowd of whites hollering, "Stop the car and get the nigger." The car was pulled off and stopped and a Negro man pulled out and beaten. In the mean time a white child called "There's another nigger." I was then pulled off the car, beaten and left in the street. After the mob left, I attempted to board a car and was ejected by the conductor. Not know ing anything about East St. Louis or the mob, I ran into a white neighborhood and a woman hollered, "Stop that nigger. Stop that nigger." Two fellows ran out of a gangway, one with a brick and the other with a long club. I ran and was well out of the way when a Ford car came along and about twelve of the rioters got in and overtook me after I had entered an alley. They then hemmed me in a yard, where a carpenter was at work and began beating me. The carpenter then asked the rioters not to beat me up there, but to turn me over to the police if I had done anything to de serve it. The rioters replied, "The nigger takes the white man's job." I was beaten in the face with a cane and a rubber hose. I was beaten into insensibility and when I came to they were taking stitches in my head at St. Mary's Hospital. Observe the terseness of the statement of Nina Fleet: Husband worked at M. &amp; O. Round House. Was a resident of East St. Louis for ten years. I stayed with white people in the neigh borhood the night of the riot and when I returned home, Tuesday, found my house had been ransacked and burned. My husband was killed in the riot on his way home from work. Here follows the continued story of Mary Lewis and her sister Hattie House. Mary Lewis, who is thirty-three, speaks first. She says: The mob gathered about my house shouting oaths, etc., and after watching and listening for a long time, I decided to try to escape. Just as I started to leave I saw them shoot a man dead, less than thirty feet from my window. The mob then went to the rear of the house and I, with my four children, slipped out the front door. I had gone but a short distance when I was spied by one of the mob and they wanted to come back, but were urged by the leader to go on as he had seen some men on another street. His remark was, "Let her go and get the niggers running on the other street." I left in my house, my husband, Allen Lewis; sister, Hattie House, and a friend who was visiting Mr. McMurray. Her sister, Hattie House, continues: In less than twenty minutes from the time my sister left, the mob returned and began shooting and throwing bricks through the windows, while the three of us lay flat upon the floor, hoping to escape. The mob then set lire to both the front and back and when the roof began falling in we ran out through the rear door amidst the rain of bullets to the home of a Mr. Warren, white, begging him to save us. Mr. Lewis was shot just as he reached the door, and I ran into the house. Some women who were always at the Warren house began beating me and I was compelled to leave there. I ran through a shed and seeing a big tin box, I jumped in, pulling on the lid and succeeded in concealing myself. The mob pursued, looking in every place as they thought for me, but overlooked the box. As they stood discussing the riot, one said, "I felt sorry for that old nigger. He begged so for his life." The answer was, "Why should you feel sorry, Irene, you helped to kill him?" Some other person in the crowd then said, "He was such a hard nigger to kill, he was shot and then had to have his head smashed with an ax." Lulu Suggs is twenty-four years old, and has lived in East St. Louis since April. She tells of seeing children thrown into the fire. She says: My house was burned and all the contents. My husband was at Swifts' the night of the riot. I, with about one hundred women and children, stayed in a cellar all night, Monday night. The School for Negroes on Winstanly Avenue was burned to the ground. When there was a big fire the rioters would stop to amuse themselves, and at such time I would peep out and actually saw children thrown into the fire. Tuesday came and with that the protection of the soldiers. We escaped to St. Louis. Chickens were of more value than Negro human lives. Mabel Randall, who is twenty-four years old, and has lived in East St. Louis for one and one-half years tells us: Monday evening the mob broke out the windows and doors and we stayed under the bed. When dark came, we begged the white lady next door to let us get under her house and she told us that she had chickens in the yard and we could not. We then went next door and got into a coal-house piling stoves upon us until four o'clock next morning when we went to the M. &amp; O. Railroad yards. We remained there until 5:30 and then reached the ferry. The statement of Josephine Jones is interesting. She says: Mrs. Jones made this statement to me, that the mob formed both times at the City Hall, May, 1917, and July 2, 1917. She also said that Mayor Mollman stood in the alley leaning on the bannister of the Justice of Peace Building when a white man ran down the alley chasing two colored men, whom THE CRISIS he afterwards shot and threw into the creek. When he returned to the street, Mayor Moll-man was still standing there and he said, "Fred, I shot two niggers. How do you like that?" Mayor Mollman said nothing and made no protest. Rena Cook returned from a day's outing to horror and death. Her statement follows: While returning from a fishing trip on an Alton St. car, we were met by a mob at Collinsville and Broadway who stopped the ear and had the white people get out. The mob came in and dragged my husband and son out, beating them at the same time, threw them off the car and shot both my husband and son, killing them instantly. Two policemen stood by, but did not interfere. The mob came back in the car and ran me out and beat me into insensibility. I knew nothing more until I found myself in St. Mary's Hospital. After staying in the hospital for two days I was taken to City Hall in East St. Louis and from there the police and militia escorted me to St. Louis. Here is a brief but comprehensive tale of treachery as told by Edward Spence: Born in Lafayette, Alabama—came to East St. Louis five years ago. Worked in a Rolling Mill, Madison, Ill., but lived in East St. Louis. Wages $3.25 a day. He had taken his family, seven children and a wife to friends out from East St. Louis for safety. He returned to East St. Louis and walked down the street with a white man, whom he thought to be a friend. When he passed this man's gate he was shot by this same man in both arms and back. He ran one and one-half blocks and was picked up and carried to the hospital by three colored men. His address is 1208 Colas Ave., East St. Louis. Comments are needless. Here is the testimony of Elsie L. Lothridge, twenty years old, and a resident of East St. Louis for five months. She says: Monday, about four o'clock, mob surrounded house. My husband and I were under the bed, and the mob threw stones and broke the windows and furniture up. The spread hid us from the people and after they broke up everything they left. Then we went to a white lady and asked could we hide in her house and she refused us, and we went in the next neighbor's house and hid in the coal-house until about four o'clock Tuesday morning. We hid in an engine until about 5:30 and then we went down to the Ferry and came across to St. Louis. Testimony of Giles Bowmer, sixty years old, and a resident of East St. Louis for four years: I was at my work when the rioting began. I witnessed the rioting and being so excited I could hardly idealize what the trouble was. My house was not burned but it was broken into and nearly everything was destroyed, things that I have had over twenty years. I saw many homes from a short distance of Fourth Street to Seventh Street burned to the ground. Testimony of Mose Campbell, for seven months a resident of East St. Louis: I was attacked by the mob of about 50 or more with stones and shots, but gave chase. They shot continuously and before we reached the Southern Freight House one bullet passed through my hand, shattering the bone. The mob threatened to burn the freight house so I crawled to the other end and found safety under the trunks of a freight car. Another victim drew the mob away by this time. This man was beaten until unconscious and when he revived the soldiers who were watching him raised a cry which brought the mob back to complete the murder. While this excitement was at its height, it gave me an opportunity to make my way to Brooklyn by back lanes. I saw the mob fire into houses the first being my own, afterwards proved to be the bier for five men and two children. Among the men were Allen Lewis, Jas. Thomas and Arbry Jones. Testimony of twenty-year-old Vassie Ran dall, an employee of the Electric Sack Plant: The mob had benches stretched across the street facing both directions that no one might escape. A Negro came along and one fellow stepped out and struck him, and then others jumped on him, kicked out his eye and when he tried to get up, they returned and killed him. They then took him to Third and Main and swung him to a tele graph pole. I was trying to escape with my four chil dren and the mob threatened to throw me and the children in the river. Some white people from St. Louis, Mo., came to us and then the mob let us alone and we were al lowed to escape. The testimony of William Seawood shows the attitude of the soldiers. Seawood is thirty years old and has been a resident of East St. Louis seven years. He says: Age, thirty years old, and have been a resident of East St. Louis seven years. I left my work at 2 :30 P.M., went down Fifth Street to Walnut Avenue. I then went to a lunch stand, and as there was so much shooting I was afraid to leave. The mob came very close to the stand and I ran into an alley; there I found more of the rioters. I ran out of the alley between two build ings. I met a soldier who pointed a gun at me and told me to stop and throw up my hands. One of the men hit me on the back of my neck with his fist and another hit me across the head with a stick, and I also received a glance shot. One of the rioters also put a rope around my neck and said, "We will hang this one." The statement of Troy Watkins is to the same effect: THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS 233 At the municipal lodging house, East St. Louis, Mo. St. Louis Star MINEOLA McGEE. SHOT BY SOLDIER AND POLICEMAN. HER ARM HAD TO BE AMPUTATED. THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS 235 Tuesday I went to my house to get what I could. While inside a man was killed in front of my house. I thought since the soldiers were there to protect me I could go out of my house. I started out of my home and the white lady told me to go back, that they (the soldiers) had killed a man in front of my house. I went into the coal shed, got behind some tubs, when four men came in and saw me, but did not harm me. Then I went to where I was working (Kehlor Mill) where Mr. Cunningham gave us a team to go to my house and get my things. When I got there my house was burned down. Miss Gruening told of a girl who lost her arm. Here is the girl's own account. Her name is Mineola McGee (see page 234) and she has been a chambermaid at $3.50 a week. She has resided in East St. Louis since February 8, 1917. She says: Cannot locate a relative since riot, several cousins, aunt and uncle. Tuesday morning between seven and eight o'clock, as I was on my way to work (at Mrs. Gray's) I was shot in the arm, as I was about to enter the door. The only men whom I saw on the street were a soldier and a policeman, and I think I was shot by one of the two. I fainted after being shot, and when I came to I was being taken to the hospital in a patrol wagon. At the hospital the remainder of my arm was amputated. No insurance. And here is the testimony of Narcis Gur ley (see page 236), who had lived for sev enty-one years to come at last to this. She says that she has lived in East St. Louis for thirty years and had earned her living by keeping roomers and as a laundress. She says: Between five and six o'clock we noticed a house nearby burning and heard the men outside. We were afraid to come outside and remained in the house, which caught fire from the other house. When the house began falling in we ran out, terribly burned, and one white man said, "Let those old women alone." We were allowed to escape. Lost everything, clothing and household goods. The picture shows how terribly her arms were burned. Testimony of the Kendricks, residents of West Madison, Ill., since 1909: Monday about 1:30 P. M. I passed through East St. Louis from Belleville on my way to West Madison and the car met the mob at State and Collinsville. The mob shouted, "There's a Negro on the car, stop that car and get him off." The motorman stopped the car and all the white passengers left the car. leaving myself and sister-in-law and another lady, Mrs. Arthur. At that time three of the mob ran in the car and commenced beating me. I was shot through the left arm. They dragged me to the street. I was hit in the back of the head by one white, another hit me in the mouth. When I went to make a step another hit me on the side of the head and knocked me down. After this, one shot me in the leg. They jumped on me and beat me. After this they thought me dead and left me. There were three soldiers and a policeman in this mob, but offered me no assistance. In about twenty minutes I was carried to the hospital in an ambulance. Testimony of Mary Bell White, age fifty- nine years. She was born in East St. Louis and did laundry-work at $1.25 a day: Saw two people burn an old man and a very old woman. They were thrown into a burning house. Monday at 4 P. M. I saw three women burned. By that time I was so excited that I ran to Tenth Street, where I met a white man who offered me and about one hundred others his protection. He had us go into an old building that had been used for a storage house. We stayed there all night. The next day I went to the City Hall and from there to St. Louis. I lost everything. Testimony of Thomas Crittenden: Age forty-six years and a resident of East St. Louis for five years. Worked as a laborer at $3.60 a day. Monday night his boss found out about the riot and secreted him and another fellow. The next day he found that the district in which he lived had been burned. His wife was pulled from her house by the women of the mob, who beat her into insensibility and knocked out three teeth. She was sent to Cleveland, O., where she is in a very serious condition. Through the kindness of his employer he escaped to St. Louis. Testimony of Lulu Robinson, age 33 years, has lived in East St. Louis for eight months: Between five and six o'clock Monday evening the mob began shooting into my home at me and my child. We backed up against the wall to dodge the shots, but I was hit three times, once through the finger, shoulder and face. My boy of twelve years was shot twice and killed. I ran away and luckily escaped the shots that were rained upon me, and found shelter in another house. My husband I have not seen or heard from since the riot. Testimony of Frank Smith, resident of East St. Louis for about twenty-five years and employed for the last fifteen years at the Acme Cement Company: His house was set afire by the mob, and they waited outside to shoot him. when he should emerge from the house. He waited till the last possible moment and was frightfully burned. Family consists of a sister and brother who lived at 2136 Gayety. East St. Louis. Lost everything and will probably have to stay in hospital for six or seven weeks longer. THE CRISIS NARCIS GURLEY, 71 NEXT BIRTHDAY. LIVED IN HER HOME 30 YEARS. AFRAID TO COME OUT TILL THE BLAZING WALLS FELL IN, THE MASSACRE OF EAST ST. LOUIS Testimony of Samuel J. Green, age 34 years: I lived with my wife in East St. Louis; we have no children. I was born in Alabama and attended school through the fourth grade. I came to East St. Louis last Octo ber in search of better wages and better treatment from the white folks. I worked for the Loomin Owin Company; I received $3 for eight hours' work. 1 rented our home; I paid $10 a month rent. Before the riot things were fine, but on Sunday the riot ing began. At night when I was going home from work I got off the car right into the thickest of the rioters. I ran and they chased me, firing at me all the time. I saw the state guards but they were helping the mob to club the Negroes. It is wonderful how I escaped unhurt. I hid in the weeds and was lost to the mob. It was about ten o'clock Monday when I saw the state guards clubbing the colored people. I shall stay here a while, then I shall go farther north. Testimony of Salena Hubble, age 42 years: I am a widow. I lived in East St. Louis five years. I came to wait on my sick daughter. Before the riot the people of both races were friendly and pleasant in manners. On the evening the rioters told me to leave be cause they were going to burn up the whole block, as they thought I was a white woman, so they warned me to flee. I talked with a neighbor, Mrs. Clemens (a white woman) and asked her if she thought the mob would do any more harm. She said: "I don't know, but you get ready and leave by the way of the cars over the bridge." Just as I started over the bridge the mob broke my windows out with rocks. I escaped because the mob didn't know I belonged to the Negro race. Before I got out of East St. Louis I saw the mob with a rope and I heard them say: "There's a nigger. Let us hang the S of a B ," and they threw the rope over the telegraph pole, but I didn't know what came of that; I saw the soldiers and they offered no assistance to the colored people. I saw the fire department come before the fire was started, but when the fire was started they did nothing to stop it. I also saw the mob throw a rope around a colored man's neck and shoot him full of holes. The soldiers offered no assistance to the man who was shot, neither did the police. I saw a crowd of soldiers go into a saloon and engage in drinking heavily of beer. The mob burned the houses in the localities where colored lived mostly. The women were as vile as the men in their vile treatment to the Negroes. I saw the soldiers driving a crowd of colored men in the streets. The men were made to hold their hands above their heads as they walked. Testimony of Beatrice Deshong, age 26 years: I saw the mob robbing the homes of Negroes and then set fire to them. The soldiers stood with folded arms and looked on as the houses burned. I saw a Negro man killed instantly by a member of the mob, men, small boys, and women and little girls all were trying to do something to injure the Negroes. I saw a colored woman stripped of all of her clothes except her waist. I don't know what became of her. The police and the soldiers were assisting the mob to kill Negroes and to destroy their homes. I saw the mob hang a colored man to a telegraph pole and riddle him with bullets. I saw the mob chasing a colored man who had a baby in his arms. The mob was shooting at him all of the time as long as I saw him. I ran for my life. I was nearly exhausted when a white man in the block opened the door of his warehouse and told me to go in there and hide. I went in and stayed there all night. The mob bombarded the house during the night, but I was not discovered nor hurt. The mob stole the jewelry of Negroes and used axes and hatchets to chop up pianos and furniture that belonged to them. The mob was seemingly well arranged to do their desperate work. I recognized some of the wealthy people's sons and some of the bank officials in the mob. They were as vile as they could be. Testimony of Jerry Mayborn: I saw the mob running the Negroes and beating them and killing them. I saw thirty white men beating one Negro. They clubbed the Negro to death. I saw the mob shooting into the homes of Negroes and throwing stones into them. The women and children were as bad as the men. The man that worked with me in the Stock Yards swam the creek to escape the mob and they stopped to beat another Negro man to death. He escaped. I saw the mob set fire to the church and to the school; then they ran. This was about seven o'clock in the evening. I ran through the Stock Yards and down the railroad to Brooklyn, carrying my three children. I saw the soldiers, who seemed to run a little pretense, and the mob just kept on killing Negroes. The soldiers searched the colored men, but I never saw them attempt to search any of the white men. Testimony of Robert Hersey, age 20 years: I have lived in East St. Louis since the 25th of March, 1917. I came here because of bad treatment and poor wages. I worked in a tobacco factory in St. Louis, Mo., and received two dollars a day. Before the riot everyone seemed friendly toward me. I never got into the thickest of the men or riot, but they hit me with clubs, bricks, and stamped me on the head. They broke my arm. But for all of that I got away from them. I shall never return to the South whatever may happen to me here, for in the South it is always killing and burning some of our people. No let up on bad treatment and no wages either. Men must work for eighty cents a day, women for fifty cents a week, and if the whites choose not to pay that, they won't do it. I shall stay in St. Louis, Mo. The damning statements go on and on. Among the Negroes one finds a note sometimes of blank stark despair. John T. Stewart in the St. Louis Star draws a pathetic picture: One aged Negro woman passed the police station carrying in her arms all that mob spirit and fire had left of her belongings. They consisted of a worn pair of shoes—she was barefooted—an extra calico dress, an old shawl and two puppies. Tears were streaming down her face and she saw neither soldiers nor her enemies as she passed beneath the lights of the City Hall, going she knew not where. Saddest of all is Miss Gruening's account of the old woman whom she saw poking about in the desolate ruins of what had once been her home. Her family had escaped to St. Louis, but not a fraction of their possessions remained intact. The woman was old —sixty-five—not an easy age at which to begin life anew. "What are we to do?" she asked Miss Gruening. "We can't live South and they don't want us North. Where are we to go?" From the statements gathered by the investigators, many of these driven people seem to feel that the example of the South in dealing with Negroes is responsible for the methods of East St. Louis. Many of them express firmly their resolve, in spite of all, never to go back South. They will, stay in St. Louis, they say, or push further North. How does East St. Louis feel? Accord ing to all accounts she is unrepentant, surly, a little afraid that her shame may hurt her business, but her head is not bowed. In this connection Miss Gruening supplies the statement of East St. Louis Postman No. 23, who said: "The only trouble with the mob was it didn't get niggers enough. You wait and see what we do to the rest when the soldiers go. We'll get every last one of them." And here follows a sort of composite statement of the best citizens, editors, and liberty-bond buyers of East St. Louis and its surroundings: "Well, you see too many niggers have been coming in here. When niggers come up North they get insolent. You see they vote here and one doesn't like that. And one doesn't like their riding in the cars next to white women—and, well what are you going to do when a buck nigger pushes you off the sidewalk?" This last pathetic question was put to Miss Gruening by three different editors on as many separate occasions. The St. Louis Post-Dispatch gives the views of District Attorney Karch on the attitude of the rioters. He says: Those men have not left the city, and they have not repented of their excesses. They are just as bitter as they were, and the action of the Chamber of Commerce in forcing these Negroes down their throats is only inflaming the men who participated in the riot. The District Attorney told of seeing a man on a street car exhibit a revolver openly Thursday night, and remark that "it had killed niggers, and would kill some more as soon as the damned militia leaves." Other men near by expressed similar sentiments, he added. They were laboring men, apparently going home from work. Karch emphatically confirmed the statements made to the Post-Dispatch Tuesday by City Clerk Whalen, who is president of the Central Trades and Labor Union of East St. Louis, to the effect that large employers of labor had given marked and continuous preference to Negroes. "Their attitude for some time has been that they would give jobs to white men when they couldn't get any more Negroes," Karch declared. "This, as Mr. Whalen said, is because the Negroes will not unionize. Before the tenseness of this situation is relieved, these employers must convince the laboring whites that they will be given preference over imported blacks in applying for work. Instead of doing that, they are declaring they will put all the Negroes back to work, and protect them, if they have to keep troops here indefinitely. That kind of flamboyant talk only angers the men who should be quieted. "As long as the heads of these big plants break up strikes by importing Negro strikebreakers, so long can they expect to have race riots. This is no defense for the rioters; there is no defense for them. It is just a fact that when a man's family is hungry his sense of justice doesn't operate very accurately." Prejudice is a bad thing. But prejudice in the hands of Organized Labor in Amer ica! The Central Trades and Labor Union of East St. Louis has perpetrated a grim jest. Its motto as one may see by glancing back at page 221, is "Labor omnia vincit." Latin is apt to be a bit obscure, so we translate : "Labor conquers everything." It does. In East St. Louis it has conquered Liberty, Justice, Mercy, Law and the De mocracy which is a nation's vaunt. And what of the Federal Government? The Looking Glass LITERATURE. "His OWN COUNTRY" (Bobbs-Mer rill Co., $1.50), by Paul Kester, has too many characters, and is too long for such strenuous times as these, but it is completely absorbing. It tells of a slave-boy, Julius Caesar, who, after the Civil War, goes to Canada, marries a white woman, studies medicine, and becomes a successful physician. But "his own country," Virginia, calls him; he buys, through agents, the property which had once been his master's and returns to his home. Thence the story—a dire and terrible one of humiliation, suffering and blood-shed for both races. Mr. Kester offers no solution of the problem, but his work is, however, in spite of a leaning toward melodrama, significant in that he shows the increasing realization of the literary value of the relations between the two races. And again he directs attention to the crux of the whole situation when he speaks of the possession by Julius Caesar of "those blended qualities which resulted from the union of the white and black blood and which refused to be ASsigned to either, independent of the other." Magazines for June and July have published articles of interest to us as follows: "Race Problems in South African Churches," Biblical World, June, 1917; "Black Music and its Future Tran3lation into Real Art," Current Opinion, July 1, 1917; "Negro Vote in Old New York," D. R. Fox, Political Science Quarterly, June, 1917; "Farm Training for Negroes, Essential Factor in Colored Education in the South," Surrey, June 23, 1917; "Negro Goes North," Ray Stannard Baker, World's Work, July 1, 1917; "Eugenics of the Negro Race," Kelly Miller, Scientific Monthly, June 1, 1917; "Negro Education," Nation, June 28, 1917. We have received the following pamphlets: "The Farmer and the Single Tax," by Henry George; "The Mexican People and Their Detractors," by Fernando Gonzalez Roa; "The Truth About Lynching," by Asa Philip Randolph; "Whence Came the Negro Race?" by Rev. William St. Augustine Lynch, and "The Chinese Social and Political Science Review," by The Chinese Social and Political Science Association. The following book has been received: "The Wolf Brother," by James R. Reynolds. We announce also an important new book: "Culture and Ethnology," by Robert H. Lowie, Ph. D. THE LESSON OF DETROIT DETROIT is meeting and solving with great success the problem of caring for its increasing colored population. If other northern towns would employ the same sensible and practical methods, race friction engendered by the migration up heaval would be greatly decreased. Mr. Forrester B. Washington, the Negro direc tor of the Detroit League on Urban Condi tions among Negroes, tells at length in the Survey of his city's philanthropy. He says: The first prerequisite in the task of or ganizing a local community is the establish ment of a vocational bureau which should strive to make itself acquainted with every possible industrial opening for Negroes in the city and, on the other hand, make its presence widely known so that the immi grant Negro will be directed to it immedi ately on arrival. The Detroit League on Urban Conditions among Negroes, there fore, has not been content merely with locat ing vacant jobs but has approached manu facturers of all kinds through distribution of literature and personal visits and has been successful during the last twelve months in placing 1,000 Negroes in employ ment other than unskilled labor. It has made itself known to immigrants by cards of direction placed in the hands of Negro employees about railway stations and intends, as soon as its funds permit, to station a capable, level-headed representative at each of the railway stations of Detroit to direct Negro immigrants to the league's office or to other responsible individuals and societies who will look after their welfare. It has persuaded the proprietor of a local moving picture theatre, which is a great gathering place for colored newcomers, to run lantern slides nightly announcing that employment and other services can be secured free at the office of the league. In order to care for the women and girls who are beginning to appear in appreciable numbers, five cigar manufacturers in the city were induced to experiment in employing them, and a sixth has started a new plant employing only colored help. To solve the difficult problem of the first week's board, the league has arranged with certain factories a system of checks issued to guarantee payment for bills incurred at restaurants and boarding houses. Some direct arrangements previously made between certain factories and boarding-house keepers 239 resulted in exploitation of the immigrant by the latter. The establishment of a bureau of investigation and information regarding housing comes next in importance. The character of the house into which Negro immigrants go has a direct effect on their health, their morals and their efficiency. The rents charged determine whether the higher wages received in the North are real or only apparent, whether the change in environment has been beneficial or detrimental. The tendency is to exploit the Negro immigrant in this particular. Rents charged him in Detroit have risen by from 50 to 200 per cent in one year. He is forced into a district inhabited by colored people where housing accommodation is inadequate for those already there. The proximity of the colored district in most northern cities to the center is responsible for the imposition of the vice district upon the Negro. This bureau should, therefore, scour the city for every available house, tenement or room inside or outside the recognized Negro district. It should make also a thorough investigation of comparative rents charged Negroes and whites and give the findings the fullest publicity. The bureau should constantly remind employers of Negro labor that it is to their advantage to see that the Negro is well housed and that, if nobody else will build, it is good business for them to do so. The Detroit Urban League has induced one of the largest foundries to build low-priced homes for its colored employees near the plant. It also has somewhat relieved the housing problem by the purchase of leases from the proprietresses of a number of disorderly houses which were closed by the police. In each case the league persuaded some manufacturer to take over the lease, and in this way a large number of colored families were accommodated. It also keeps a list of empty houses and has been surprised to find how many of them are not listed by commercial real estate agents. It uses the daily and Negro press in appeals for more notifications. A list of furnished rooms also is kept and immigrants are kept away from those connected with disorderly houses. Lists of these rooms are furnished to factories. Much strength can be added to the program and much energy saved by enlisting the aid of every possible organization in the city whose functions can in any way be construed as touching on Negro migration. The Urban League found the Board of Commerce exceedingly willing to co-operate in a movement for the investigation and improvement of working conditions of Negro employees in the various manufacturing plants in the city. The Board of Health gave considerable assistance in obtaining better and more sanitary housing conditions. The aid of several mothers' clubs among the colored women was enlisted to instruct immigrant CRISIS mothers in the proper diet and clothing for children in a northern climate. From the outset, the aim was not only to put each immigrant in a decent home but also to connect him with some church. Many times the churches have reciprocated with considerable material as well as spiritual assistance. But the greatest co-operation received has been that of the Young Negroes' Progressive Association to which reference has already been made. This is a body of thirty-four young colored men, most of them attending the various schools and colleges about Detroit. They have been the finest possible agent in the development of all the different activities. In the adjustment of the Negro, a definite place must be given to the development of industrial efficiency. This is perhaps the most important feature in the program; the welfare of the Negro in his new environment depends upon the opinion that the community has of him. If the community can be convinced that the Negro is and always will be a business asset, we need not worry much about his housing, employment and recreation. But the Negro has got to convince the captains of industry. This he can only do by developing to a maximum his industrial efficiency. The more trades and occupations Negroes become familiar with, the more efficient they will be as a race, and the greater an asset to the community. Therefore the league has endeavored to get them into as many different kinds of employment as possible. It also uses every opportunity to develop individual efficiency by calling the attention of Negro employees to the fact that they must be punctual, zealous and ambitious in their work. These points are always emphasized when a Negro is sent to a job. In pursuance of this object the league, with the assistance of the progressive association, is carrying on a movement which, I think, is unique. Representatives of the two organizations visit the various factories where large numbers of Negroes are employed and talk to them during the noon hour on the necessity of creating the best possible impression at the present time so that they may be certain of retaining their jobs in the future. At the same time, the speakers circulate these cards: WHY HE FAILED He watched the clock. He was always behindhand. He asked too many questions. His stock excuse was "I forgot." He wasn't ready for the next step. He did not put his heart in his work. He learned nothing from his blunders. He was contented to be a second-rater. He didn't learn that the best part of his salary was not in his pay envelope SUCCESS. THE LOOKING GLASS NOTE: By not paying strict attention to the above details you may not be able to keep your job after the war is ended and foreign labor is again available. Ne w Comers to Detroit You can find employment and be directed to decent lodgings FREE of charge at the DETROIT LEAGUE ON URBAN CONDITIONS AMONG NEGROES 297 St. Antoine St. Cherry 1325 Forrester B. Washington, Director THE NEGRO SILENT PARADE ON the afternoon of Saturday July 28, a vast body of Negroes marched through the streets of New York in silent protest against the recent race riots and outrages. The New York American says: In silent protest against the recent killing of Negroes in race riots in Waco, Memphis and East St. Louis, 15,000 Negroes marched here yesterday afternoon. The parade formed in Fifth avenue and marched from Fifty-seventh street to Madison Square. Placards carried by boy scouts, aged men and by women and children explained the purpose of the demonstration. A detailed account of the causes for which the parade was held is given as follows by the New York Times: During the progress of the march circulars were distributed among the crowds telling of the purpose which brought the Negroes together. Under the caption, "Why Do We March?" the circular read, in part, as follows: "We march because by the grace of God and the force of truth the dangerous, hampering walls of prejudice and inhuman injustices must fall. "We march because we want to make impossible a repetition of Waco, Memphis, and East St. Louis by arousing the conscience of the country, and to bring the murderers of our brothers, sisters and innocent children to justice. "We march because we deem it a crime to be silent in the face of such barbaric acts. "We march because we are thoroughly opposed to Jim Crow cars, etc., segregation, discrimination, disfranchisement, lynching, and the host of evils that are forced on us. It is time that the spirit of Christ should be manifested in the making and execution of laws. "We march because we want our children to live in a better land and enjoy fairer conditions than have fallen to our lot. "We march in memory of our butchered dead, the massacre of honest toilers who were removing the reproach of laziness and thriftlessness hurled at the entire race. They died to prove our worthiness to live. We live in spite of death shadowing us and ours. We prosper in the face of the most unwarranted and illegal oppression. "We march because the growing consciousness and solidarity of race, coupled with sorrow and discrimination, have made us one; a union that may never be dissolved in spite of shallow-brained agitators, scheming pundits and political tricksters who secure a fleeting popularity and uncertain financial support by promoting the disunion of a people who ought to consider themselves as one." Although the paraders marched by in silence their sentiments were proclaimed by many mottoes, a complete list of which follows : "Memphis and Waco—Centers of American Culture?" "Alabama needs 75,000 Ballots to elect 10 Congressmen. Minnesota needs 300,000. How do they do it?" "350,000 voters in the South have as much political power as the 1,500,000 voters of New York State. How do they do it?" "Each white man in the South by disfranchising the black working man casts from 3 to 13 times as many ballots as YOU." "Georgia and New Jersey have the same vote for President. Georgia casts 80,000 votes; New Jersey casts 430,000." "Make America safe for Democracy." "Taxation without representation is tyranny." "Thou shalt not kill." "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." "We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal. That they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. That among these are LIFE, LIBERTY and the pursuit of HAPPINESS." "If you are of African descent tear off this corner." "America has lynched without trial 2,867 Negroes in 31 years and not a single murderer has suffered." "200,000 black men fought for your liberty in the Civil War." "The first blood for American Independence was shed by a Negro— Crispus Attucks." "We have fought for the liberty of white Americans in 6 wars; our reward is East St. Louis." "12,000 of us fought with Jackson at New Orleans." The Crisis C. T. Adams. THE NEGRO SILENT PARADE, AT FORTY-SECOND STREET AND FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. NEGRO SILENT PARADE Underwood &amp; Underwood. THE NEGRO SILENT PARADE, FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. THE CRISIS "We fought with Perry at Lake Erie." "10,000 of us fought in the Spanish American War." "From Bunker Hill to Carrizal we have done our bit." "The world owes no man a living, but every man an opportunity to earn a living." "We are maligned as lazy and murdered when we work." "We are excluded from the unions, and condemned for not joining them." "Repelled by the unions we are condemned as scabs." "They refuse us opportunity, then deny our capacity." "Suffer little children and forbid them not." "Unto the least of these my brethren." "3,000 Negroes fought for American In dependence under George Washington." "We helped to plant the flag in every American Dominion." "Were we first in France? Ask Pershing." "Thirty-four Negroes have received Car negie hero medals." "Our music is the only American music." "Give us a chance to live." "So treat us that we may love our coun try." "Interpret for us in living, loving acts, the religion of Jesus Christ." "India is abolishing caste; America is adopting it." "Race prejudice is the offspring of ignorance and the mother of lynching." "If fault is to be found with color, blame God and yourselves." "Not alms but OPPORTUNITY." "Patriotism and loyalty presuppose pro tection and liberty." "We have 1,000,000 farmers." "We have 30.000 carpenters." "We have 30,000 clergymen." "We have 12,000 brick and stone masons." "We have 30.000 teachers." "We have 3,000 physicians." "We own 250,000 farms with 20,000,000 acres of land worth $500,000.000." "We have church property worth $76, 000,000." "A square deal for every man."—T. R. "The Negro has never betrayed the flag, attempted to assassinate the President or any official of this government." "We have 60,000 iron and steel workers." "We have 20,000 slaughter and packing house operators." "No land that loves to lynch 'niggers' can lead the hosts of Almighty God." "Put the spirit of Christ in the making and execution of laws." "Your hands are full of blood." "Mother, do lynchers go to heaven?" "Cain, where is Abel, thy brother?" "The great contradiction—love of God and hatred of man." "Color, blood and suffering have made us one." "Pray for the Lady MacBeths of East St. Louis." The New York World says: The Rev. Dr. H. C. Bishop was President of the parade. The Rev. Dr. Charles D. Martin was Secretary. The Rev. F. A. Cullen was Vice President. The first Dep uty Marshal was J. Rosamond Johnson. Others were A. B. Cosey, C. H. Payne, for merly a member of Troop A, Ninth Cav alry; the Rev. E. W. Daniels, Allen Wood, James W. Johnson and John Nail, Jr. Rev. G. M. Plaskett and Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois were in the line of officers. THE WAR IN AFRICA H. G. WELLS writes in Cassell's magazine : "This talk of 'legitimate expansion' is indeed now only an exploiter's cant. The age of 'expansion', the age of European 'empires' is near its end. No one who can read the signs of the times in Japan, in India, in China, can doubt it. It ended in America a hundred years ago; it is ending now in Asia; it will end last in Africa, and even in Africa the end draws near "As administrators the British are a race coldly aloof. They have nothing to give a black people, and no disposition to give. The Latin-speaking peoples, the Mediterra nean nations, on the other hand, have proved the most successful assimilators of other races that mankind has ever known. Alexander Dumas is not the least of the glories of France. In a hundred years' time black Africa, west of Tripoli, from Oran to Rhodesia, will, I believe, talk French. And what does not speak French will speak the closely related Italian. I do not see why this Latin black culture should not extend across equatorial Africa to meet the Indian influence at the coast and reach out to join hands with Madagascar. I do not see why the British flag should be any impediment to the Latinization of tropical Africa or to the natural extension of the French and Italian languages through Egypt. I guess, however, that it will be an Islamic and not a Christian cult that will be talking Italian and French. For the French-speaking civilization will make roads not only for French, Belgians and Italians, but for the Arabs whose religion and culture already lie like a net over black Africa. . . "A unification of Africa under Latin Auspices carries with it now no threat of missionary invasion. Africa will be a fair field for all religions and the religion to which the Negro will take will be the religion that best suits his needs. That reli THE LOOKING GLASS gion, we are told by nearly everyone who has a right to speak upon such questions, is Islam, and its natural propagandist is the Arab. There is no reason why he should not be a Frenchified Arab." TWO POINTS OF VIEW THE other man's point of view is strik ingly afforded by the African Times and Orient Review in a comment on the article by John H. Harris on "Native Races and Peace Terms" in the Contemporary Review. Mr. Harris says: To this one may fittingly add a quotation from the article by John H. Harris on "Native Races and Peace Terms" in the Contemporary Review: "Who gave the European nations the right to barter these people as a result of war for which they had no shadow of responsibility? The answer to these questions is self-evident. But whilst in equity there can only be one answer common sense forces us to admit the impracticability of summoning to a European Peace Congress illiterate Mandingoes, Fiots, Herreros, Fans, the senile Polynesian, or the wild Bedouin. Yet there is one point at least which the European powers should concede to these native races, namely, to agree that within one year of the declaration of peace another European and American International Congress should be held to amend the existing agreements for maintaining the rights, liberties and welfare of native races. "This course is dictated no less by equity than by the truest interests of the colonizing powers of Europe and America. It must not be overlooked that almost every acre of those two million square miles is sparsely populated and that hardly fifty miles of it is capable of white colonization, except by the aid of an adequate supply of colored labor. If the Great Powers should make the fatal blunder of reshuffling these territories without at the same time agreeing to consider once again the supreme problem of conserving the native population, they would be almost better advised to surrender such areas once again to the recuperative forces of so-called barbarism, say to the third and fourth generation, for by that time the indigenous populations might possibly regain their stamina. "Apart altogether from the dictates of right action and material interests the lapse of time demands another International Congress. It is now thirty-two and twenty-six years respectively since the Berlin and guiding principles for the abolition of slavery, the restriction of the sale of arms and Brussels congresses met and laid down alcohol. That these congresses did not accomplish all that was hoped of them is notorious, but equally is it true that they raised to a higher level than ever before the accepted standards for the treatment of native races. Thus there are at least three cogent reasons, each of which constitutes an all-sufficient argument for securing as a condition of peace, that within a defined period after the declaration of peace there should be held another International Congress on Native Affairs. "The suffering of native peoples and the depopulation of their territories within the last fifty years has demonstrated the evils of white industrialism, and if civilization will heed the lessons this martyrdom would teach it, there is yet time to stop that degradation, disintegration of tribal life and the thoughtless exploitation which will ultimately spell economic ruin to the white races no less than to the native tribes." To this the African Times and Oriental Review replies: Mr. Harris has written a very clever article. This article has been reprinted by his Society for distribution at threepence per copy, and the glowing criticisms of the Press have been printed on the cover. We said that Mr. Harris's article is clever because the plea he makes for the native is both excellent and able; but underlying it all is that patronising Anti-Slavery Society slime which sets down all Africans as illiterates, thereby showing the prime necessity for the existence of an Anti-Slavery Society in these days of freedom, enlightenment, and progressive European civilisation, and the incapacity of any African to voice intelligently the requirements of his people. Of course, we quite understand that Mr. Harris's duties necessarily take him among "illiterate Mandingos, Fiots, Herreros, Fans, and wild Bedouins," and we regret that during the reverend gentleman's wanderings he has met none other. We wonder what Mr. Harris's West African friends will think of these statements. Save us from our friends! ' W e merely quote Mr. Harris's article to show what a pernicious influence such statements have upon the African and Oriental. It is because Mr. Harris's article is so cleverly written, showing on the face of it purity of intention, that it is dangerous to our aims and desires. The average Briton—even many members of the British House of Commons —knows nothing whatever about native peo pies. The British people depend, for the most part, upon such persons as Mr. Harris for information. This gentleman issues a statement which bears the stamp of reason and fairness, but when read in the light of local conditions we find the fairness is not so fair as first it seemed, but that it contains a mendacious undercurrent of native inferiority and illiteracy which needs to be sheltered under the protecting mantle of Mr. Harris and the Anti-Slavery Society. In order to illustrate more clearly our point, it is only necessary to quote a few paragraphs from a memorial sent to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs by Mr. Harris's Society, dated Jan. 22, 1917:— "1. Whatever the final outcome of European hostilities may be, it is quite clear that the political status of large areas of tropical and sub-tropical territories will be vitally affected. An ideal step would be that before such changes take place the inhabitants should be given a voice in shaping their own destiny. We admit, however, that so far as most territories are concerned, this would not be a practical proposal. But this very fact appears to make it more than ever incumbent on the stronger Powers to devise means for adequately safeguarding the rights and welfare of the native inhabitants." ***** "3. It will be admitted that the last twenty-five years have witnessed in tropical and sub-tropical territories the most deplorable treatment of native peoples which has resulted in an appalling depopulation reaching several millions. Apart from humanitarian considerations, this represents a grave disaster to industrial progress which is only possible in such countries by the help of an adequate supply of willing' indigenous labor." So far good, but under the sub-head "Suggested Reforms," we find this pertinent paragraph:— "(1 ) Reserve Areas of Land.— Experience has shown the social and economic advantage of setting aside a large area or areas in every dependency of suitable lands for the exclusive and secure use of native tribes, at the same time making provision for the entrance of white missionary and administrative forces to guide these tribes in the evolution of a sound administration of purely native affairs." * * * * * * * The whole difficulty which faces the Anti-Slavery Society and other European bodies dabbling in native affairs is to be found in the assumption that such bodies consider themselves capable of dealing with native conditions without first consulting the native as to his own requirements. For this reason such efforts are foredoomed to failure. Throughout the continent of Africa the various peoples and tribes have managed their own affairs for centuries before the coming of the European, and we claim that the native, being neither child nor fool, can continue to "carry on" without the meddling of these busybodies. It is indeed true CRISIS that many of the old administrative injustices and abuses which the natives suffered at the hands of oppressive Europeans have been rectified by the efforts of the Anti-Slavery Society, but we feel that the Society, to put it mildly, is out of touch with progressive native thought. The African and Oriental want equal opportunity and no favor. They want a better system of education on secular and industrial lines. And above all, they do not want the white missionary. For it were more desirable to have a healthy community of moral pagans than a psalm-singing tribe of moral lepers and hypocrites. ENCOURAGEMENT THE present condition of the Negro is by no means static. These times of confusion and uncertainty are merely the backwash of revolutionary changes produced by the great war. The difficulties set in the Negro's path are really milestones along the way of his progress. Says the Philadelphia Public Ledger: The avidity of the Negro race for education is positively amazing. Few are the parents who do not send their children to school, no matter what the sacrifice. In a certain section of South Carolina, during the draft process, it was discovered that the percentage of illiteracy among the whites was far in excess of that among the Negroes; a situation considered so alarming that radical measures for its rectification have been proposed. Compulsory education in South Carolina, a big political issue, became a political issue because the poor whites would not be educated and the poor Negroes would not be uneducated. The Governor of Georgia, when recently inaugurated, intimated that the situation was serious. He proposed to meet it, and emigration, not by reducing school facilities for Negroes, but by increasing those school facilities, thereby capitalizing an enormous dormant asset. Never has the Negro race, as a race, been in such a strong strategic position as it is at present. But the golden opportunity for progress is being seriously jeopardized by such outbreaks as occurred a few weeks ago in East St. Louis, and this week in Chester. The class of Negroes recruited for industrial work in the North is unfortunately not the best class. Loafers and more or less desperate characters from the river dis tricts of New Orleans, Mobile, Savannah and Charleston have been induced easily to migrate. They find life harder, work more severe, the restrictions of society more rigorous and the opportunities for petty criminality greater. They are not unionized. They are not versed in the vernacular of labor. They are not class conscious and they exasperate men who are. Race riots in the North are in origin often industrial riots. THE LOOKING GLASS In the South there are powerful elements working to prevent the Negro from leaving; in the North there are powerful elements working to prevent the Negro from coming. Both, we believe, are wrong. The South needs a different population ratio between the races. It needs more than anything else an influx of small white farmers, to whom its rich lands should be a compelling inducement. The North, on the other hand, has rare opportunities for certain types of Negroes, in certain types of labor, where none are superior to them in ability. A competitive labor market for Negroes would increase rapidly the prosperity of the race, and, therefore, the prosperity of the entire country. The nation, and every citizen of it, as sumed a direct responsibility for the Negro when he was emancipated. Out of inde fensible riots some good will come if earn est, capable leaders are made to feel the burden of helpfulness which rests on them. The Negro should not be driven back; he •should	 be aided in fitting himself to the new conditions he meets in the North. We should regard it as a national misfortune if prejudice at this crucial time should stifle the Negro ambition and tear the heart out of a race which has just begun to realize its possibilities and its future. "FRESH FIELDS" "IDA CROUCH-HAZLETT writing in The Call, New York, foresees a remarkable future for the Negro. She says: August Forel, the world's authority on the sex question, states in his work, "The Sexual Question," that the North American mixed race will diminish and gradually become extinguished and will be replaced by Chinese or Negroes. In other words, the white race is a vanishing factor in this country. What we are pleased to call the "old Americans" are not having children. Look among your friends and count for yourselves. We have depended on the prolific Balkans for our population increase. Not only is that supply cut off for generations to come by slaughtered Europe, but those who come here get the American habit and cease to have large families. And then we have acquired birth control, which accelerates the tendency. Moreover, the Southern white workers are degenerate. Sprung originally in great part from criminals and derelicts transported from England to her penal colonies their powers of rehabilitation were poor to begin with. They were forced to compete with slave labor, and for generations their existence has been one of the most miserable poverty, with the direful consequences. They have had no schooling and live in the grossest ignorance, the name "poor white trash," "southern crackers," being a synonym for all that is ignorant, dirty and degraded. Their systems are poisoned by their horrible food, a poverty diet, and their extreme ignorance about preparing it; while men, women and children fairly eat tobacco, and drink the vilest coffee habitually. They are anaemic, diseased, suffering from pellagra, hook-worm, tuberculosis and universal affections. Their families are becoming small, high death rate among the children and high rate of barrenness. The Negroes are taking the place of this vanishing and worthless race. They do all the work. The whites are disappearing from the farms, the landlords preferring Negro tenants because they are better workers, and men, women and children can be exploited to a greater degree. Those whites that have energy enough to get out of the country are moving westward. Moreover, the Negro race has the elasticity of a young race, developing into its prime. In spite of the brutality of their treatment for hundreds of years they are light-hearted and happy. Both men and women have remarkably beautiful figures, strong, well-developed, beautifully molded, fitted for models for the New York studios. Wherever they have a working chance they show thrift. They are already in possession of large tracts of southern farmland. The writer has driven a distance of some seven or eight miles, where the whole surrounding country was owned by Negro farmers. A comrade of Winston-Salem, N. C , a large tobacco manufacturer, said to me, "I have worked Negroes all my life: I am thor oughly familiar with them, and I want to say that they are going to become the land ed aristocrats of the South." How is that for a Southern man? In Ocala, Florida, the largest and best department store in the town, is owned by Negroes in the Negro quarter, and often the whites go there for goods that they cannot get at their own stores. They respond rapidly to any advantages that are given them. They absorb knowl edge like a sponge. The public school was established in the South at the point of the rifle. The whites have always feared the educated Negro. The only education they get now is given grudgingly, and with the poorest equipment, and buildings which are tremendously overcrowded, and in many lo calities no provision is made for their edu cation whatever. But, as evidence of the power of economic compulsion, in the cotton mill sections we see the white children in the mills, their existence sapped by an in creasing ignorance, degeneracy and mortal ity; while the Negro children are in school, becoming educated, dressing well, as their parents do the work that is more highly paid. This is especially noticeable at Col umbus, Ga. As more blacks leave for the North those that remain are more highly paid, as the whites cannot do effective work in the terrible heat. According to this writer the Negro is also the true Socialist. THE CRISIS Again It Is September By JESSIE FAUSET With a Drawing By LAURA WHEELER Again it is September! It seems so strange that I who made no vows Should sit here desolate this golden weather And wistfully remember— A sigh of deepest yearning, A glowing look and words that knew no bounds, A swift response, an instant glad surrender To kisses wild and burning! Ay me! Again it is September! It seems so strange that I who kept those vows Should sit here lone, and spent, and mutely praying That I may not remember! THE SO-CALLED BLACK PERIL IN SOUTH AFRICA NEGRO SOLDIERS By ROSCOE C. JAMISON THESE truly are the Brave, These men who cast aside Old memories, to walk the blood-stained pave Of Sacrifice, joining' the solemn tide That moves away, to suffer and to die For Freedom—when their own is yet denied! O Pride! O Prejudice! When they pass by, Hail them, the Brave, for you now crucified! These truly are the Free, These souls that grandly rise Above base dreams of vengeance for their wrongs, Who march to war with visions in their eyes Of Peace through Brotherhood, lifting glad songs Aforetime, while theyStand and behold! today, Shedding their blooddivine, That those who mockway! front the firing-line.  They take the field  like Him now held  might find a better Carleton Thorpe THE SO-CALLED BLACK PERIL IN SOUTH AFRICA By ALICE WERNER I HAVE often been asked by English women whether I was not afraid to go about alone in Africa, and have always had to answer that I never found cause to regret doing so. It is true that my solitary journeyings took place not in South Africa but in Nyasaland and other regions where white people were comparatively few. In Natal, to which my South African experience was confined, there was the same need for reasonable precaution (or perhaps not quite so much!) as in any "civilized" coun try. South Africa is, or was till recently, subject to periodical outbursts of panic in connection with what is termed the "Black Peril" (or, in my day, the "Social Pest"), and this involves a great deal of wild talk and writing—as usual, from those who know least about the matter. This was especially marked just after the "rising" of 190C (another story, and a deplorable one). I have a note, e. g., of some articles by Mr. Arnold White—one of them in the Sunday Sun, in which he said that there was "scarcely a family" in South Africa, Dutch or British, without some tragedy to serve as an excuse for race-hatred. No evidence was offered and I have no hesitation in saying that the statement, as it stands, is untrue. My business is with that aspect of the question which especially concerns women. The subject is one which many people shrink from handling at all, while others cannot touch it without losing their heads,—and this does not make it easier to ascertain the truth. I lived for some years in Central and Southern Africa—part of the time virtually alone with another white woman among "kraal" natives, and but for the newspapers should scarcely have known that a Black Peril existed. One heard of bad characters sometimes, though I, personally, did not THE CRISIS happen to come into contact with them;— but we do not talk of a White Peril when our neighbor's house is burgled, or even if a murder takes place in the next street. If we begin to compare criminal statistics, the number of convictions per head in Cape Colony and Natal compares favorably enough with the figures for Great Britain, especially when we consider how large a proportion of the former should never have been placed under the heading "crime" at all; e. g., such offences as failure to pay the dog-tax or contravention of incomprehensible forest regulations. If a Black Peril does exist, I cannot believe that it is only or chiefly the "Blacks" who are responsible for it. If, as some writers complain, "the black man has lost awe of the white," whose fault is that? Nothing is more pathetic than the belief in English justice which has survived one disappointment after another, as witnessed by the deputation which came over in 1914 to appeal to the King against the Lands Act passed by the Union Government. It is undeniable that cases of the kind more particularly intended by those who use the expression—that is, outrages by black men on white women—have occurred in South Africa; perhaps that they have, as some assert, increased of late years. We may doubt, however, whether they are relatively more frequent than outrages by tramps on lonely English roads. Of course there are native criminals, just as there are European ones,—but it is utterly false to say, as some do, that the native, as such, is more likely to be a criminal than not. On the contrary, a careful study of the magistrates' annual reports conveys the impression that the bulk of the population, away from the towns, is, if anything, exceptionally peaceable and law abiding. It is agreed on all hands that "outrages" in the conventionally specialized sense were unknown in the early days of our South African colonies, when settlers were few and more defenceless, in relation to the "savages" surrounding them, than they are now. Women may sometimes have been killed in the border frays of the old times,—the Boer women were wont to share the fortunes of war with their men—but, as a rule, both Zulus and Cape "Kafirs" were careful to spare them. For white women as captives, the Zulus had, emphatically, no use. This arose partly from superstition, but also in a measure from racial self-respect. The Zulu has his own pride of race, and, without implying any depreciation of the white, his feeling, on the whole, is that "it is best each should keep to his own." A word must be said as to the part played by superstition in this matter. The more we know about the ways of primitive peoples, the less reason we find for the supposed necessity of killing women before allowing them to fall into the hands of such. That is, speaking broadly, and without references to tribes who seem, like some of the Amerindians, to have been in the habit of torturing their captives. This is not the rule in Africa—if it occurs, there are special circumstances which need investigation. Where the sex relation in its most normal and legitimate form is a matter of dread and mystery, and surrounded by stringent taboos, the stranger woman will be avoided rather than sought, even when in the power of her captors. Even so comparatively advanced a culture-stage as that of the Hebrew legislation required a system of elaborate ceremonies to be gone through before the captive could be safely taken to wife. Perhaps Arab influence has done something towards breaking down this feeling in East Africa, where the system of harem slavery has been responsible for some peculiarly horrible cases of violence and wrong. In Nyasaland, as I knew it, an Englishwoman who respected herself was perfectly safe among any number of "savages," and the same is true of other parts of Africa where conditions are at all primitive. I would not be understood as saying that one ought to encourage superstition as a safeguard and deliberately try to keep up the mystery; but one can at least see to it that respect does not diminish on closer acquaintance. Natives are discriminating critics of morals and manners, even where standards differ in detail. Zulu girls, before marriage, are very carefully looked after, though without any idea of restraint or seclusion. They never go to a distance from the kraal unattended, and should they come into town it is in troops of a dozen or more, attended by one or two matrons and perhaps a male relative. A woman walking alone may seem to invite familiarity by neglecting reasonable precautions. But this risk diminishes as the distance from European contact is in THE SO-CALLED BLACK PERIL IN SOUTH AFRICA 251 creased. In Nyasaland, for instance, or in remote parts of East Africa, it seemed to me that the Englishwoman traveling alone was accepted as illustrating one more vagary of an unaccountable race, and allowed to pass as such. True, I heard myself described with unflattering directness, though with no intentional lack of respect, as "an aged person"; but others, of whom as much could not be said, have had the same experience. Why, then, do we hear so much of this particular danger in South Africa? I would remark, in the first place, that many cases are wholly imaginary—the outcome of preconceived erroneous notions and momentary panic. I remember one case when an excitable woman, walking home with her husband, on a Sunday evening, fancied that a passing native, who may or may not have accidentally brushed against her, had touched, or was about to touch, her arm. She screamed; the native, finding attention called to him, and knowing only too well what was likely to be the result, took to his heels, thereby establishing his guilt in the eyes of the bystanders, who immediately gave chase. Fortunately he was the better runner, and no one present knew him—so there was no case in court. At Kimberley, five years ago, a circumstantial story gained currency, which on inquiry proved to be entirely imaginary. Mr. Douglas Blackburn's "Leaven"—that work of fiction crammed full of fact—contains a scene which, if not actually as it stands taken from life, shows, at least, how such charges are sometimes manufacture!. The mistress of a boarding house, whose kitchen-boy has become possessed of a diamond, persuades him to give her the stone "to take care of" and afterwards denies all knowledge of it. When he persists in asking for it, she raises the alarm and brings the whole house down on him; and he is nearly lynched by the enraged boarders before being handed over to the police. In court he has not the ghost of a chance and receives a heavy sentence. If the whole question is impartially examined, the number of these alleged cases will have to be materially reduced. For those that remain, we have to remark: (1) Familiarity, as already implied, has bred contempt. Closer acquaintance has dispelled the mystery investing the white man and shown him to be no supernatural being, but of like passions with the black— if not, on occasion, actually worse—for the African is not deliberately cruel. There is no need to dwell on what the unspoilt native learns in towns, in mining camps and compounds, in gaol (he sometimes lands there while still unspoilt)—or to discuss how much the men, and still more the women whom he meets are able to do by way of increasing his respect for their race. What can be the moral effect produced by Europeans who make money out of the "Kafir" by the sale of alcohol and of objectionable photographs? (2) The native working in a town is not only exposed to the risks of evil association and example but removed from all the restraining influences of home and tribal life. We talk as if it were inevitable and no body's fault that, with the advance of "civilization" the natives should be spoilt and degraded. This, at least, has been done, and done of set purpose:—we have tried our best to break up the tribal organization and destroy the power of the chiefs. We are finding it out too late—in South Africa— elsewhere, it may be, just in time. (3) Something must be allowed for retaliation. There is a consensus of testimony in this respect. Take that of Sir Liege Hulett, who said at Verulam (Natal) in April, 1906, that the (white) mounted police were "detested throughout the native locations on account of their immoralities." Or take the strong language used by Justice Dove-Wilson in the Barend Nel case (1911), when a white man charged with violence to a Zulu girl was acquitted by tae jury. Shortly before this, another white man had been tried in the Orange Free State on a similar charge. He pleaded consent, which his victim denied, and was discharged. In the same year occurred the famous Lewis case at Bulawayo, when a white man had killed a natice for "alleged indecent suggestions to his daughters (no acts were even alleged) the white community guaranteed his bail of £3,000 five times over; other white men throughout South Africa sent him telegrams congratulating him on his confessed act." (S. T. Plaatje in An African World, July 8, 1911). Putting these cases side by side, one finds it difficult to sympathize with a zeal for morality which is so conspicuously confined to one	 direction. I am aware that cowardly attempts are sometimes made to throw the whole blame on the native girls. Without discussing the value of this excuse from the abstract point of view, it is quite safe to say that, unless there has been demoralizing contact with Europeans, it is quite exceptional to find a native girl "soliciting." To forestall contradiction from people "on the spot," possessed of that amount of knowledge which is such a dangerous thing, I may say here that it seems, from the reports of various independent observer's, to be a common thing if not the rule among the Bantu for the first advance in sexual relations, whether legitimate or otherwise, to come from the woman. But whatever the reasons for this fact, which is deeply rooted in sociological conditions, it is an entirely different matter from that referred to above; and I repeat that if native girls are found making immoral advances to white men, it is the latter—or the conditions they have created— who are to blame. To illustrate this point I may recall how in man&gt; books dealing with the West Coast of Africa (the first one that comes to mind is Tuckey's "Expedition to the Cataracts of the Congo," 1818), the statement is repeated with sickening iteration, that the natives have no morality, that the men are always on the look-out to hire their wives to strangers, or entrap the latter into adultery so that they may claim damages, etc., etc. They omit to notice, as a rule, that the places where these things happen were the very foci of the slave-trade. Before this plague had eaten into the vitals of the Coast, William Finch, in 1607, could write of Sierra Leone: "The men of this country . . . keep most faithfully to their wives, of whom they are not a little jealous. . . . They are very just and true in their dealings." The same was doubtless true of other places at that time, or somewhat earlier. To conclude, there is no proof that exceptional legislation, which is sometimes demanded, is needed to meet this kind of case in South Africa. Still less is there to justify the panic-stricken cry occasionally raised for the abrogation of all law and the condoning of such acts as that of Lewis at Bulawayo or of a resident of Nairobi (East Africa), who some years earlier, "took the law into his own hands" with even less excuse. But it sadly discounts our hopes of progress in the only real sense to find any one at this time of day seriously advocating such a remedy. THE RAGTIME REGIMENT By Henry Davis Middleton. "WAR! War!! War!!!" John Brown, startled, let his weak watery eyes wander aimlessly across the way where a street orator stood upon a soap box haranguing a mass of idlers grouped about him. "This merciless war! This pitiless war!! This ruthless war!!!" roared the speaker. John Brown crossed the street and nudged and elbowed his way through the outer fringe of the crowd. "O, the horrors of this war!" bellowed the man on the box, the echo of his voice resounding above the rumble and roar of the noisy traffic of wagons, motors and street cars. With his hand cupped to his ear, that he might catch at once the sound and sense of the speaker's harangue, John Brown stood wedged in the midst of the eddying, pushing, polyglot mob. "Peace! Peace!! Peace!!!" suddenly roared the speaker, "World peace, peace without honor if you will, but peace at any price!" John Brown, veteran of the civil war gleaned from this last bit of oratory that the speaker was a pacifist, fat, pat, impatient and unpatriotic. He glared wildly up at him as the crowd lustily yelled its approval of the speaker's sentiments. His seventy year old body, electrified and fired by the patriotism that burned unquenchably and eternally within him, vibrated and pulsated with emotion; his scrawny gray beard fairly bristled as he mouthed murmurings of deprecation; his hands clenched in a frenzy of righteous anger. He wanted to cry out against this villifier, to refute his imputations, to stem the tide of abuse aimed by the speaker against his country—the country he had once fought THE RAGTIME four long years to preserve—but the words stuck in his throat; and but for a sort of wheeze that escaped his chattering teeth, only to be lost in the uproarious din of the riotous rabble, like sparks as they flare up and flicker out as they are cast off from a tire-brand hurled through space—no sound escaped him. John Brown's eyes were unused to such scenes of anarchy as they now beheld; his ears were unaccustomed to such cowardly, undemocratic utterances as smote thorn— preachments of this demagogue that, dwarfed the souls and dampened the patriotism of men and dammed the deeds of their brave countrymen, "Whose bones are dust, Whose good swords rust." Baffled but not beaten, distraught by the actions and utterances of these traitorous people, he wormed his way through and from this motley throng. For just then he remembered a spot in the great metropolis, far from the dm of downtown Chicago, where the shard of the pacifist propaganda had failed to hit its target; where Americanism and Democracy, real and unalloyed, permeated the very atmosphere—thither he resolved to turn his steps. Hailing a passing street car, Veteran Brown was soon within the proscribed realms of a despised, oppressed, rejected, but not depressed people—his own beloved people with whom loyalty is a hereditary trait and patriotism a passion perpetual, reverential and profound. He alighted unsteadily from the car and with the aid of his cane hobbled homeward, pausing here and there wherever his friends and neighbors were grouped discussing the declaration of war. "He's daffy," laughed the first group he encountered and to whom he unfolded his practical scheme of preparedness by suggesting the formation of a regiment of the citizens of the neighborhood for service in the present strife. "He's daffy, but he's all right at that price," they commented respectfully. "Bug-house, simply bug-house," was the slangy sentiment of the second group as he tottered about the walk endeavoring to define and impress upon them their duty. "He's bug-house, but we're with him just the same," they concluded. REGIMENT "Nutty, nutty, nutty," was the swan song of the next group, to whom he vigorously expounded the aims, purposes and ambitions of the proposed regiment. "He may be nutty, but what he says is true, beyond question," was their final verdict. Leisurely and reminiscently Veteran Brown resumed his stroll homeward, heartened by the unmistakable signs of approbation he had read beneath the outward unenthusiastic appearance of indifference of those with whom he had conferred. For he knew most intimately his people and their natures. He realized that while smarting under the lash of proscription and of the curse of civil and civic narrowness at the hands of an arrogant, despotic, defiled democracy, they would now in this crisis, as they always had, arise as one man in defence of the only country they knew—the only home they had. Just as Veteran Brown reached his home, his entrance thereto was arrested by the distant blare of bugles, the rattle of drums and piping of fifes. With the instinct of a homing pigeon, John Brown retraced his steps, circled the block and brought up at "attention" by the fence of the play-ground where the boy-scouts were manoeuvering to perfect themselves in the artifices of the scouts as set down in their manual. "Ah wants to borrer dem scouts of yourn termorrer," announced he to the scout-master lounging on the other side of the fence. "You do?" laughed the scout-master indulgently rising to reach over the fence and shake hands with his old friend, the veteran, whom he had known since his boyhood days. "I am afraid they are too young as yet to enlist in the army and go into actual war, but they can help out," he encouraged. "Dat's jes' it," laughed the old veteran, good naturedly, "Ah wants dem jes' fo' to hep out." "When do you want them?" rejoined the scout-master, puzzled as to the veteran's intent. "Termorrer aftahnoon," replied the veteran with serious mien. "Then," replied the scout-master, "I will be able to furnish you three times the number of scouts here this afternoon, as tomorrow we have a mass drill of three troops of scouts with a massed drum, fife and bugle corps." "And"—added the scout THE CRISIS master, with a twinkle in his eye, "we are going to make a hike for a mile or two around the neighborhood. Come along," he added. "I'll be heah," promised the old veteran, "I'll be heah," he assured while the scout master, at a total loss to know just what he had up his sleeve, bade him good-bye and turned to the inspection of his boys as John Brown turned his steps again home ward. The next afternoon the old veteran got out his G. A. R. uniform, brushed it up, polished up and pinned on his medals and prepared to make his way to the drill grounds of the boy-scouts. Strutting down the street on his way, he was overtaken and passed by two rol licking joyous youths. "He certainly is a ragtime old man," laughed one of them. "Ragtime," muttered Brown to himself, "ragtime—I'll show them young fellers a thing or two," thought he as he turned in at a garage. "Hello Brownie, old scout," greeted the day foreman as the veteran entered and approached him, "is your G. A. R. Post pa rading today?" he added. "Well," stammered the veteran, "yas, an' no, dat is, de 'John Brown Post' is paradin'; but what I wants ter say is dis: has yo' ah saw an' hammer an' nails an' some light strips ob wood I kin git fo' tei mek ah bannah?" he queried. The foreman not only secured the desired material, but put together himself the rough wooden frame-work; sent out for a piece of white cloth to cover it and bor rowing from a neighboring store, a paint pot and brush with which to letter it, he inquired of the veteran just what lettering he desired on it. "Nevah yo' mine, I kin do dat mahsef," grinned the old veteran enthusiastically as he perched his spectacles on the end of his nose, seized the brush and inscribed the banner with this legend: WANTED!—FITIN' MENS! N.LIST AT ONCE! JINE DE RAGTIME REGIMENT! Without waiting for the inscription to dry, John Brown bore his banner aloft and hurried to the drill ground of the scouts just in time to fall in at the rear as, led by the scout-master, who had forgotten all about his promise to the old veteran on the day before, they started on their hike about the neighborhood. With his head high John Brown hobbled and limped along in their wake surrounded, followed and escorted by innumerable street urchins and irrepressible small boys who rallied to his aid valiantly whenever he tired of carrying the cumbersome banner. Very soon the scouts turned into a side street which they traversed for a ways, when suddenly they swung into and up a business street and headed back toward their drill ground. When the scouts, with John Brown and his urchins trailing them, swept into this busy humming artery of trade and traffic there was a near-riot. The sight of the old veteran and his sign with its ragged guard of honor enticed loafers and loiterers from barber-shop, bath-house, pool-room and palm-garden. Restaurants contributed their hordes while the Y. M. C. A. and social centers along the line of march, added interested ones—flocking to view, jeer or join the odd procession. As the march proceeded the ranks be hind John Brown filled up until, by the time the scouts reached their drill-ground, more than a hundred young fellows, of splendid physique, tramped swelteringly be hind him and his loyal urchins—a fine nu cleus for a regiment! As the scouts entered their play-ground and proceeded to disband John Brown, with difficulty, drew up his nondescript recruits in the street and lined them up at the curb. These stragglers would have disbanded and departed in double-quick time had not something in the old veteran's eyes, something in his manner, something in his speech—grim determination—overwhelmed them. The crowd stood about agape, while the old veteran tottered up and down the line in soldierly fashion, straightening up a shoulder here, pushing up a chin there, or ordering heels together and toes out yonder. In the meantime the scout-master and several of his boys came up and volunteered their services. When at last all the rookies were regulated in a line, as nearly perfect as possible, the old veteran stood back and scanned the whole line up and down. Then straightening his own stoop shoulders and bracing up with the air of a BLACK SAMSON OF BRANDYWINE Brigadier-General, he utilized his cane as a sword as he called out: "Comp'ny, 'tenshun! —Mark time—huh!—Lef—right—lef— right—lef—right—lef—right—." One hundred pairs of eyes were focussed on the veteran drillmaster; one hundred pairs of feet shuffled gingerly as he sang out the see-saw count of beats—"Lef— right, lef—right, lef—right—." "Comp'ny, fo'ward—huh!," commanded the grizzled veteran. One hundred pairs of feet tramped, tramped, tramped irregularly across the street in the wake of the old drillmaster till at the opposite curb his abrupt command, "Comp'ny halt," brought them to a stop. "Fou'ahs—right, fo'ward huh!," was the next perplexing command. As the rookies started into the intricate execution of this order the massed drum, fife and bugle corps of the scouts fell in ahead of them and led them around the block, cheered every step of the way by the patriotic crowd of onlookers who came to cheer but remained to be fired by the enthusiasm of the drilling rookies. Day after day this nucleus of the regiment met, gathering recruits, ever improving both in quality and quantity. Soon public spirited citizens interested themselves to the extent of securing for them a drill hall. Others formed, organized and furnished a band. The Regular Army now furnished expert drillmasters and special instructors for officers. Within eight weeks John Brown's dream had come true. He had actually organized and put under arms a brawny, yet trim smart regiment, recruited up to full war strength, mustered into the Federal Service and ready to go into training camp to get its finishing touches. When at last, resplendent in their new uniforms, shouldering their infantry equipment and accoutrements, with their colors flying and the Regimental Band playing ragtime airs, they marched away to camp, riding beside the Colonel of the Regiment in the place of honor was John Brown, veteran, too old, but not too proud or too scared to fight. The regiment henceforth will be known officially as the 115th Volunteers, Illinois National Guard—but to every mother who has a son, to every girl who has a sweetheart, to every dad who has a boy and to every wife who has a husband whose name is enrolled upon its roster; to all of its well wishers and friends—and to whatever enemy they may encounter—it will be known forevermore as The Ragtime Regiment. Black Samson of Brandywine IN the fight at Brandywine, Black Sam son, a giant Negro, armed with a scythe, sweeps his way through the red ranks." —C. M. Skinner's "Myths and Legends of Our Own Land." Gray are the pages of record, Dim are the volumes of eld; Else had old Delaware told us More that her history held. Told us with pride in the story, Honest and noble and fine, More of the tale of my hero, Black Samson of Brandywine. Sing of your chiefs and your nobles, Saxon and Celt and Gaul, Breath of mine ever shall join you, Highly I honor them all. Give to them all of their glory, But for this noble of mine, Lend him a tithe of your tribute, Black Samson of Brandywine. There in the heat of the battle, There in the stir of the fight, Loomed he, an ebony giant, Black as the pinions of night. Swinging his scythe like a mower Over a field of grain, Needless the care of the gleaners, Where he had passed amain. Was he a freeman or bondman? Was he a man or a thing? What does it matter? His brav'ry Renders him loyal—a king. If he was only a chattel, Honor the ransom may pay Of the royal, the loyal black giant Who fought for his country that day Noble and bright is the story, Worthy the touch of the lyre, Sculptor or poet should find it Full of the stuff to inspire. Beat it in brass and in copper, Tell it in storied line, So that the world may remember Black Samson of Brandywine. Men of the Month A POET AND PLAY-WRIGHT. RIDGELY TORRENCE is a poet who has spent much of his life among colored people in southern Ohio and has come to know and understand them, though not in the sense in which they are usually "understood" or even "loved" by their Southern white friends. Some of this knowledge he embodied in the three plays given last spring by the Negro Players and recently brought out in book-form ("Granny Maumee": Macmillan, $1.50) "The Rider of Dreams," a charming and poetic comedy; the inspired tragedy, "Granny Maumee," the vivid story of an old Negro woman, whose son was burned by white men for a crime he did not commit; and the wonderfully beautiful passion interlude, "Simon the Cyrenian," whose hero, the black man who carried the cross for Christ, he portrays first as a revolutionist and liberator of Rome's slaves and later as the disciple, conquered by Christ's message of non-resistance. The plays, unique and lovely as they are, do not, however, sum up Mr. Torrence's contribution to the Negro Theatre which gave to Negro actors their first chance at self-expression in dignified and beautiful drama and revealed to a public hitherto incredibly blind the wealth of dramatic material inherent in the daily lives of colored people, as well as their remarkable dramatic power. The very fact of its existence is due to Mr. Torrence, with whom the idea originated some years ago, when he first tried to secure a production of "Granny Maumee" with colored actors. He failed at the time because the almost universal prejudice against them made such a performance impossible, but he never gave up the idea and was able to realize it last spring, through the backing of Mrs. Emilie Hapgood, under whose management the Players will open again this fall. No white man has written of colored people more sympathetically than Ridgely Torrence. No one has done as much as he in opening up to them a new field of art, and none ever approached the people of another race in a more generous spirit. A SECRETARY OF EDUCATION. REV. J. A. BRAY, son of Andrew Jackson Bray, a prosperous and successful farmer of north Georgia, was born in 1871 in Franklin County near Carnesville, Ga. He received his early training in the rural schools of his native state, and attended also Knox Institute, an American Missionary School at Athens, Ga. In 1893 he received his A. B. from Atlanta University and in 1905 his A. M. In 1907 he received from Paine College the degree of D.D. and in 1909 from Wilberforce the degree of LL. D. He has also received credit from Harvard for summer work in philosophy and ethics. Dr. Bray has served as pastor of some of the leading charges of his church, also as presiding elder for some years. His principal efforts have been in the educational work in the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church. He was the first Negro president of Lane College, Jackson, Tenn. After serving in this position for four years, he accented the presidency of Miles Memorial College, Birmingham, Ala. In 1914, five years later, he was elected General Secretary of Education by the General Conference of the C. M. E. Church, which convened in St. Louis. A MASTER OF ARTS, MISS MARY E. CROMWELL is the daughter of John W. Cromwell of Washington, D. C. She was educated in the schools of her own city and then took her A. B. from the University of Michigan. Since then she has been a teacher of mathematics in the Dunbar High School. Miss Cromwell has always been intensely interested in social work. She spent two summers in New York doing Fresh Air work on San Juan Hill and was instrumental in starting the West Side Neighborhood Association. She has car ried on philanthropic work in Washington for many years. Her especial interest has been the Penny Provident work. Probably no one in that city is more familiar than she with the alley life among the colored or more sympathetic with their efforts for thrift and betterment. She is a very active worker in the Washington branch of the N. A. A. C. P., and one spring, owing to the meetings held in her home, hundreds of new members were secured to the branch. She received her Master's Degree this June from the University of Pennsylvania and is the first colored woman to be so hon 256 MEN OF THE MONTH REV. C. M. TANNER. MISS MARY E. CROMWELL. THE LATE REV. J. E. SMITH. LIEUTENANT-COLONEL YOUNG—A GALLANT SOLDIER. RIDGELY T0RRENCE. ALDERMAN L. B. ANDERSON. REV. J. A. BRAY. ored by that University. Her success gains an extra significance when one considers that owing to her position it was possible for her to attend the University only on Saturdays. In spite of a very heavy schedule of school work and the fatigue engendered by the weekly double trip, Miss Cromwell persisted until she won her well-merited degree. A CLERGYMAN FROM THE RANKS. TH E late Rev. Joseph E. Smith was born in slavery in Virginia and sold more than once as a slave. The end of the Civil War found him at Newnan, Ga., eager for an education. After freedom he went to Atlanta, where he attended the Storrs school, after which he entered Atlanta University. He had the distinction of being in the first graduating class from the college and theological departments of the institution. After serving as pastor of a small church in Georgia he took up the pastorate in Chattanooga. A short time afterwards he, with another representative of the American Missionary Association, established a Congregational mission at Sierra Leone, Africa. He then returned to Chattanooga, where he served his people and the community for thirty-eight years. On the 26th, 27th and 28th of February, 1917, his congregation and friends celebrated the thirty-eighth anniversary of his pastorate. This proved to be his last appearance in his own church, for, after a brief illness, he died March 9, 1917. He was a trustee of Atlanta University, statistical secretary and treasurer of the Tennessee Association of Congregational Churches, a member of the American Missionary Association and of other organizations of national importance. He served for several years on the Chattanooga Board of Education. A PROMINENT LAWYER. LOUIS BERNARD ANDERSON, son of Moses E. and Elizabeth C. Anderson, was born in Petersburg, Va., April 7, 1871. He attended the public schools of Petersburg and was later a student at the Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute, Petersburg, Va. In 1897 he was graduated from the Kent College of Law in Chicago. From 1898 to 1914 he was Assistant County Attorney in Cook County, and from 1915 to 1917 he has been assistant corporation coun sel of the City of Chicago. On April 3, 1917, he was elected Republican Alderman from the Second Ward, succeeding former Alderman Oscar DePriest, and thus becoming the second colored man elected to the Chicago City Council. In 1916 he received the degree of LL.D. from Morris Brown University of Atlanta, Ga. He served for four years as captain and adjutant in the 8th Infantry, Illinois National Guard. He belongs to the Masons, Odd Fellows, Knights of Pythias, Elks, and is a charter member of the Appomattox Club. In 1897 he married Miss Julia E. Barr of Mattoon, Illinois. A DISTINGUISHED MINISTER. REV. C. M. TANNER, D. D., was born in the old office of the Christian Recorder, Pine street, Philadelphia, Pa. He is the younger son of Bishop B. T. Tanner of the A. M. E. Church and the brother of H. O. Tanner, the artist, and Dr. Hallie T. Johnson, the first woman who ever passed the Alabama state examination to practice medicine. Beginning his education at the old Institute for Colored Youth, under Prof. E. A. Bouchet, Fannie Jackson Coppin and Frazelia Campbell, he later finished at the Philadelphia Protestant Episcopal Seminary. This seminary is well known for its high scholastic standing and in all its history but few colored men have finished there. He was there trained under such teachers as Drs. Ezra P. Gould. Loring Batten, E. T. Bartlett and John Fulton. He has traveled extensively in the British Isles, continental Europe and the West Indies, and served his church for two years in the South African field. He has served the largest churches in his denomination, in Pittsburg and Atlanta, being the only man who ever remained five years at Big Bethel Church, with 2.800 members, in Atlanta, Ga. He was recently assigned pastor of the largest church in the A. M. E. denomination, Metropolitan, at Washington, D. C. He has written a number of books on the history and polity of his church, two of which, "The Probationers' Guide" and the "Manual," have been adopted by his church. He is at present making a study of the cause and occasion of the present Negro Emigration Movement. His book, called the Second Exodus, is nearing completion. He is a life trustee of Wilberforce and Morris Brown Universities. The Horizon THE WAR. ACCORDING to the tabulation of the War Department for draft registration, 7,347,794 white men registered and 953,599 colored men. Alonzo Myers, a policeman in Philadelphia, Pa., has been commissioned an army captain. He has served in Cuba and in the Philippines and was awarded a McKinley medal for bravery by Congress. The colored auxiliary to the Red Cross in Birmingham, Ala., raised more than $5,000 during Red Cross Week. The 15th Colored Infantry, N. Y. N. G., is stationed at Camp Whitman, N. Y., under Colonel Hayward. It has been recruited to full war strength with '200 more than the number required, and has been commended for "excellence in behavior,- drilling and marksmanship." Among the Army officers who sailed June 2 from Halifax was Colonel M. L. Henry of the 24th Colored Infantry. It is reported that the 10th U. S. Cav alry is "somewhere in France" under direct command of Gen. Pershing. Chaplain W. E. Gladden of the 25th In fantry has been retired with the rank of major. Captain T. B. Campbell has been appoint ed a major by Adjt.-Gen. Baldwin of Colo rado and empowered to organize a colored battalion of infantry to be officered by Ne groes. The 8th Illinois colored regiment has been called to Houston, Tex., with other Il linois regiments, for national service. Mr. Ralph E. Langston was appointed chairman of Exemption Board 148 in New York City. Major Robert R. Jackson, for twenty- five years a member of the 8th Illinois col ored regiment, has been retired. He will remain a member of the Illinois State Leg islature. Savings accounts have been opened in Des Moines, Iowa, for 10 per cent of the colored men in training for officers, averaging over 50 per cent of their first pay checks. MUSIC AND ART. The Washington Artists' Association is a recently organized club of Washington, D. C , the purpose of which is "to study, foster, interpret and originate all forms of art." Mrs. C. F. Cook is president, E. C. Williams, vice-president, E. H. Lawson, secretary, and Miss Jessie Fauset, corresponding secretary. At the Cornell University Summer Music School, Ithaca, N. Y., Dr. Dann, head of the music department, is teaching Negro spirituals. An interesting movement has resulted in the Frederick Douglass Film Company which aims to improve the portrayal of Negro life on the stage. By this means it is hoped a better sentiment will be awakened among white Americans and a new field offered for the development of colored talent. The company has recently produced The Scapegoat, an adaptation of the novel by Paul Laurence Dunbar. Its home office is 354 Pacific Avenue, Jersey City, N. J. Charles Gilbert Spross, an American composer, has made an effective arrangement for mixed voices of his solo song, "Lindy." Mr. N. Clark Smith, of Kansas City, has set to music a serenade by Paul Laurence Dunbar. The poem, "Goodnight," is an unpublished lyric which was given to Mr. Smith by the poet during his last illness. EDUCATION. MISS H. E. WILSON received the de gree of Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan, instead of Master as was stated in our last Education Num ber. Three gold medals were awarded to Miss Margaret Leedle, a pupil in the Catholic elementary school, Yonkers, N. Y. Miss V. E. Bentley has received her se nior diploma and teacher's certificate from the Chicago Musical College. She led a class of eighty-eight in harmony, receiving a mark of ninety-nine. Miss M. Neale and George Winston grad uated from the Freehold, N. J., High School, Miss Neale receiving first rank. They are the first colored graduates in the history of the town. Miss Vivian Roberts was the only col ored graduate to receive the degree of Bach elor of Arts among 173 graduates from Hunter College, of the city of New York. Miss R. O. Marshall was valedictorian of her class at the 88th commencement of 259 THE CRISIS St. Frances Academy, Baltimore, Md. She received the Rev. Chaplain prize, for the best essay on Christian Doctrine, and the gold music medal given by the Hon. T. J. Fielding, of Maywood, Ill. Professor W. H. Green, Livingstone College, Salisbury, N. C , has been made president emeritus, and Prof. D. C. Suggs has been elected to succeed him as president. Miss Ruth Smith has received the degree Bachelor of Arts from Wittenburg College in Springfield, Ohio, with honor in French. Miss Naida McCollough of Los Angeles was one of the five honor pupils in the graduating class of the Los Angeles High School. She had the distinction of having two parts on the commencement program. Miss Cecelia E. Smith was awarded two $50 scholarships and two gold honor pins at Lincoln High School, Kansas City, Mo. H. Eustace Williams was graduated from Fordham University, New York, in law. David Milburry graduated from the Lebanon, Pa., High School, as the first colored graduate. L. H. Norwood and N. M. Sykes received the degree of Doctor of Medicine from the University of Illinois. Mr. Norwood held one of the four Rea scholarships for the season 1915-16. Three colored priests were among the graduates to receive the degree of Bachelor of Divinity from the General Theological Seminary in New York City: the Revs. O. H. Brown, S. N. Griffiths and E. C. Young. Miss Jennie Osby and Theophilus Mann were awarded gold medals for high averages in American history in the grammar schools in Springfield, Ill. Dawson Hall at the West Virginia Collegiate Institute, which was destroyed by fire in July, is being rebuilt. The school will open September 19. INDUSTRY. THE Philton Holding Company, Inc., directed by P. A. Payton, Jr., a col ored real estate man, has purchased six modern elevator apartment houses worth $1,500,000 in Harlem, New York City, for colored people. The buildings are named Attucks, Toussaint, Wheatley, Dunbar, Douglass and Washington Courts. The salaries of the custodians of the fourteen divisions of the Circuit Court, St. Louis, Mo., have been inreased from $60 to $75 a month. The Southern Pacific has replaced its white help in restaurants in California and Arizona with colored labor. One hundred colored longshoremen from New Orleans' have arrived in France to work for the U. S. Government under contract for one year with salaries ranging from $65 to $100 monthly with board, lodging and medical treatment free. Colored women are working as section hands on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in St. Louis, Mo., and East St. Louis, Ill. Two hundred colored stevedores on the Old Dominion piers, Norfolk, Va., have struck. The Bingham and Garfield mines, Salt Lake City, Utah, are seeking colored labor. Colored women are guarding the crossings of the Pennsylvania Railroad at Philadelphia, Pa., and Camden, N. J. It has been proposed that Secretary Wilson approve as a War emergency proposition the introduction of a bill to establish a colored labor bureau in his department, under a colored person. Because of prejudice and lack of training, the colored men employed as delivery-men by Kaufman's, "the Big Store" in Pittsburgh, Pa., have been replaced by white employees. Thirty-two of the colored men proved themselves 100 per cent, proficient, 44 falling below the efficiency mark. The Illinois State Council of Defense is making efforts to stop the migration of Negro laborers from the South. In an effort to stop the exodus of Ne groes, the Central of Georgia, Atlantic Coast Line, Southern and Georgia and Florida Railroads will no longer accept "prepay order" transportation for Negroes migrat ing from the South. Because of the exodus of Negro laborers from southern farms, 1,000 Boy Scouts are digging 400,000 bushels of potatoes along the eastern shore of Virginia. The Industrial Savings Bank in Wash ington, D. C , has purchased the two-story brick building at 11th and You Streets, which will represent an outlay of $30,000 when completed. In Shreveport, La., Sheriff T. R. Hughes and Police Chief J. J. Gray blocked plans for the exportation of 200 Negroes to Pittsburgh, Pa. THE HORIZON In Rockford, Ill., colored men are being-employed in the steel mills. T. J, Elliott, a colored business man in Tulsa, Okla., will open a furnishing store for men and women in the Gurley Building, with a stock valued at $15,000. At Kiln, Miss., Negro women have taken the place of men in a sawmill. A. J. Lindermann and Hoverson Company, Milwaukee, Wis., have work for colored molders, mechanics and laboring men. July 26 was Afro-American Business Day for the colored people in Philadelphia. The object of the effort was to further patronage of colored business enterprises. West Broad Street School won first hon ors among colored schools in the waste paper contest of the Savannah Paper Bail ing Company. It collected 430,331 pounds of waste paper. The Savannah, Ga., Home Association, costing $15,000, has been completed. It is a three-story brick structure. On top is a roof garden. Mrs. J. H. Johnson, a colored farmer's wife of Shawneetown, Okla., has sold 198 pounds of butter since December 1, 1916, and fifty-three dozen eggs. She has a new Ford car which she has bought out of her produce and milk business. The Langwell Hotel, Elmira, N. Y., has replaced white girls in the grill room with a colored male force. Mr. G. H. Faucet is the head waiter. A clothing factory with colored workers is to open in New York City September 1. H. D. McLaughlin, 512 Columbus Avenue, is general manager. The Waiters' Union, Local 34, Boston, Mass., has invited colored waiters to be come members. The porters on the Canadian Pacific Rail road have been given increased wages. White carpenters employed by Albert Tolle, contractor, Hammond, La., have struck because of colored labor. In Shreveport, La., the City Council has increased the wages of common laborers, which raises the wages of about 75 colored employees of the city from $1.40 to $1.75 per day. Thirty Italian laborers tried unsuccessfully to oust colored workmen from Camp Meade, the National encampment at Admiral, Md. At Cincinnati, Ohio, the State Board of Health has warned companies and contractors of Negro labor from the South that they will be held responsible for the health of their employees. SOCIAL PROGRESS. UNDER the direction of its president, Mrs. Albert S. Reed, the Utopia Neighborhood Club gave its annual Fashion Show, Friday, June 20, at Manhattan Casino, New York City. The affair was in every way a success, besides having a great educational value. All the exhibits were pleasing and modish. The work of the following ladies was represented: Mesdames Catherine B. Reed, J. H. Ready, Hattie Lynch Green, Annie D. Grantland, Essie P. Boston, Laura Williamson, Mrs. James Campbell, Mrs. Charles McDowell, and Miss Muriel Smith, gowns; Mesdames Odessa Gray and Grace Morris, hats; Mrs. Gertrude B. Needles, summer furs. Mr. H. Fisher has been elected treasurer of the Darby Township Board of Education, Philadelphia County, Pa. He is the only colored member. Governor Burnquist appointed Attorney W. T. Francis a representative on the Minnesota Public Safety Commission in connection with the Military Draft in the 8th Ward of St. Paul. Lake Erie steamers, Finaster, Juneretta, and Octorara, have contracted for twelve colored musicians, members of Local Union 533, A. F. of M., Buffalo, N. Y. C Mr. A. Jackson has been made librarian of the Supreme Court of West Virginia. The New York Globe and Advertiser is carrying news of colored people. Mr. J. E. Robinson, a colored man, has been selected correspondent. Dr. W. S. Holder, a colored minister, was elected scribe at the ordination of ministers into the Congregational ministry held at the Broadway Tabernacle Church in New York City. The degree of Doctor of Divinity was conferred upon Dr. Holder last June by Oskaloosa College, Iowa. John Taylor, a colored man in New York City, rescued Daniel Curran, a white working man 65 years old, from drowning in the Hudson River, after a crowd of white men had watched Curran sink twice. The first prize for "Clean-Up and Paint-Up" during Negro Health Week, April 21-28, offered by Mr. A. W . Clark, Chairman of this bureau in St. Louis, Mo., THE CRISIS was awarded to Atlanta, Ga. The second and third prizes, respectively, to Salisbury, N. C , and New Madrid, Mo. Ira Braxton, a colored man, rescued a white woman and a white man from drowning in Fox River in Illinois. The grave of Paul Laurence Dunbar in the Dayton, Ohio, Cemetery has been marked by a natural stone and a bronze plate. The first of a series of scholarships in his name has been assigned to Paul Laurence Dunbar Murphy at Wilber-force University. J. C. Dancy, Jr., has succeeded C. C. Allison, Jr., as secretary of the colored Big Brother Movement in New York. Mr. Albert Smith won a silver cup, coming in first in the 100 yard, and a smaller cup, coming in third in the 300 yard dash, at the meet given by the Jersey City, N. J., Harriers. Alderman L. B. Anderson in Chicago, Ill., has been presented with a diamond star, costing $650, as an appreciation of his services. The 65th Anniversary of the Christian MISS FERN CALDWELL, Recorder, Philadelphia, Pa., was celebrated during July. Miss Fern Caldwell, Los Angeles, Cal., is the undefeated ladies' tennis champion of South California in ladies' singles and mixed doubles. Masons in Ohio have established Councils of Royal and Select Masters. The work of the Council immediately follows that of the Royal Arch and is supplementary thereto. The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes issued in July Volume 6 of its Bulletin. The Salem-Crescents won the team trophy in the Red Cross benefit games held at the Lewissohn Stadium at the College of the City of New York. One hundred colored real estate men in Chicago, Ill., have formed an organization to aid colored property owners. Mr. H. A. Watkins is president. Dr. B. F. Allen has been re-elected President of Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo. The 50th Anniversary of St. John's Baptist Association in Austin, Tex., was celebrated July 17-30. The association includes thirty-eight church organizations with more than 20,000 communicants. Bookertee, an exclusively colored town in Oklahoma, was opened July 4. J. E. Griffith, a graduate of the University of New York, has been admitted to the Nova Scotia Bar at Halifax. Mrs. C. F. Cook has been reappointed a member of the Board of Education of the District of Columbia. Dr. J. L. Wilson of Jersey City, N. J., was one of five out of sixty to successfully pass the examination of the National Board of Medical Examiners. Dr. C. W. Flint, Meharry graduate, successfully passed the Texas State Board medical examination with the highest average in a class of eighty. J- C. Waters, Jr., has been appointed an expert accountant of government freight rates in the transportation division of the depot quartermaster's office, Washington, D. C. Mr. Judson Moore has completed twenty-five years' service as mail carrier in Elmira, N. Y. He has a prominent route in the business section of the city. H. M. Reynolds, Jr., has been appointed THE HORIZON messenger to Secretary McAdoo in the Treasury Department. Hon. G. H. White has succeeded the late H. W. Bass as Assistant City Solicitor in Philadelphia, Pa. Kelly Miller, Jr., is in the Structural Materials Testing Laboratory of the Bureau of Standards in Pittsburg, Pa. He has received a fellowship in physics at Clark University. Mr. J. H. Woodson, of Hook and Ladder Company 106, Brooklyn, N. Y., who rescued Mrs. Katherine Meterity and her baby from a fourth floor tenement fire, has been awarded a medal by Mayor Mitchell. Mr. J. A. Dorsey of Pittsburg, Pa., has been appointed physical director at Washington Park. On June 15 the Idlewild Hotel was opened in Chicago, Ill., for Negroes. It has 100 rooms, with all conveniences, and is under the active management of Beauregard F. Moseley. The Sherman House in Waukegan, Ill., has been made a colored hotel. John McRoberts in Cincinnati, Ohio, a former slave, has subscribed to $4,000 worth of Liberty Bonds. PERSONAL. BISHOP JOHN HURST has left Freed- man's Hospital greatly improved. The following marriages are announced: Miss Victoryne G. Gates, private secretary to the Hon. George W. Hayes in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Mr. Milton Rogers of Columbus; Miss Ellen Rhetta Harris to Mr. Gale P. Hilyer, in Montgomery, Ala.; Miss Julia A. Brown of Winton, N. C , to Dr. L. T. Delaney at Wilson, N. C ; Miss Alice Eloise Ellis to Bishop Elias Cottrell. Rev. and Mrs. M. W. D. Norman in Washington, D. C , have celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage. Mrs. C. M. Sterling-Pipes of Wilmington, Del., principal of the Harvey Public School, has received the honorary degree of Master of Arts from Wilberforce University. Mr. Harry Spurlock, a member of the police force in Cincinnati, O., has been retired after twenty-nine years' service. The Misses Emily Johnson and Susan Wilson, colored employees in the home of late Judge Charles J. Willett, Pasadena, Cal., have been bequeathed valuable family effects and $4,000 with which to purchase a home in Pasadena. Dr. Hollis Burke Frissell, principal of Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute, died August 5, 1917. His death means an incalculable loss to the advance of constructive and practical education for Negroes and Indians. Besides serving as principal of Hampton, Dr. Frissell was also a member of the Anna T. Jeanes Fund. Dr. Robert R. Moton, Hampton's former commandant, now principal of Tuskegee, delivered an address at the funeral which was held in the Hampton Institute Memorial Church. Robert Holmes, a young colored police man, was shot and killed while pursuing a burglar in Harlem, New York City. The bulk of the $100,000 estate of the late James L. Hitchens, a colored furniture mover in Baltimore, Md., has been settled on a white adopted son. The late John Heppenstalls bequeathed $500 and a share in the stock of the First National Bank of Wrightsville, Pa., to Levi Taylor, an employee in the family since the Civil War. FOREIGN. The 9th U. S. Cavalry won the cham pionship of the Philippine Islands in base ball for 1916-17 over five white opponents. A jury in Cristobal awarded Joseph Foppen, a colored man, $10,000 for injuries received through negligence in the Panama Railroad. Minister Curtis initiated the observance of Memorial Day, May 30, in Monrovia, Liberia. Mr. Gale Carr, who has been with the British Army in France for two years, has received two medals for bravery. The European system of education, in which schools continue almost the entire year, is to be continued in the Virgin Islands. The University of Porto Rico conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws upon Gov. Arthur Yager and Dr. J. C. Barbosa, a member of the Executive Coun cil, of African extraction, and graduated 5 students in Liberal Arts, 25 in law, 12 in pharmacy, 38 from the normal depart ment, 6 with rural course certificates and 17 from the University High School. Private Helasi Sempa, Uganda Police Service Battalion, won the medal for bravery in the defence of a British post. THE CRISIS GHETTO. OSCAR DEPRIEST, the colored alder man in Chicago, Ill., who was charged by the State with conspiracy to protect gambling, has been found not guilty by the jury. Judge Butler of the County Court at West Chester, Pa., handed down a decision in favor of Mrs. Rebecca Simms, a colored woman who refused to send her children to a basement schoolroom in a Downingtown, Pa., institution. David Wood, a Negro charged with vagrancy, induced a local Justice of the Peace in San Diego, Cal., to impanel a jury of Negroes. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty and Wood was set free. C At Jackson, Miss., in the case of Jackson Holt vs. Illinois Central, the jury awarded the Negro plaintiff $5,000 for injuries received when shot by a special agent of the defendant company. Because a number of colored laborers have migrated to Jamestown, N. Y., to take positions with the Gurney Ball Bearing Company, the white residents started a movement to prohibit colored people from coming to Jamestown to live. Corporation Counsel Price informed the segregationists that he doubted "both the wisdom and legality of such action," and the movement failed. Colored women delegates to the Northeastern Federation caused the Smith-Lever rights bill to be enforced in Stamford, Conn. Justice Strahl in the 6th District Municipal Court, Brooklyn, N. Y., has decided against Keeney's theatre for discriminating against Misses Dorothy Hampton and Katherine Mars. Residents in the eastern section of Trenton, N. J., are opposing the erection of two portable Negro schools in that neighborhood. The commission on the unification of the Methodist Churches in America has adjourned, failing to reach an agreement as to whether colored Methodists in the South should have a seat in the law-making body. The conferees will meet in January in a southern city. The Potomac Steamboat Company has been ordered by the Interstate Commerce Commission to abolish its color line through the agitation of a committee of colored citizens in Washington, D. C. The Georgia Sheriffs' Association is protesting against "Jim-Crow" car rides while taking colored prisoners from one town to another. White citizens of South Nashville, Tenn., protested against the establishment of a colored church in their community and succeeded in having the transaction canceled. Because he is colored, J. H. Fuller has twice been refused appointment in the Post Office at Danville, Va. A white man, Cecil Dupont, has been sentenced to life imprisonment in the State Penitentiary at Railford, Fla., for criminal assault on a colored child. The Board of Education in San Antonio, Tex., has increased the salary of white teachers ten dollars per month; colored teachers five dollars per month. Max Kohler, a contractor in Paris Ky., who married a colored woman and is the father of their two children, has found that he is white. His relatives now refuse to recognize him. Two white men were killed and more than one hundred white and colored people injured as a result of race rioting in Chester, Pa. Thirty guardsmen and a score or more colored people in Youngstown, O., resorted to rioting. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Riesel, Tex., June 23, Elijah Hays, beaten to death for striking a white man. Reform, Ala., July 16, unidentified man hanged, charged with petty burglary. Pickens County, Ala., July 23, Poe Hibbler, hanged—attempted assault on a white girl. Montgomery, Ala., July 25, Will Powell and Jesse Powell, hanged, charged with hold-up. Amite, La., July 30, Dan Rout and Jerry Rout, charged with murdering Simeon Bennett. Garland City, Okla., July 31, Arland Avery, charged with assault and robbery on William Woods, a white contractor. Butte, Mont., Aug. 1, Frank Little, white, hanged; he was a member of the executive board of the I. W. W. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER If You Are Permanently Disabled Completes Your Life-Line So that you cannot follow any gainful occupation and earn your own living, Standard Life Insurance Company will, under the provisions of its new policy contracts, carry your insurance in full force without the payment of another premium by you. No matter how long you live thereafter, whenever you die your beneficiary will receive the full amount due under the policy, just as if you had continued to pay the premiums. The Cash Surrender and Loan Values and Extended Insurance Values will increase from year to year in the same manner, and exactly as if the premiums were paid by the policyholder. In short, should the time ever come in your life when you are completely and permanently disabled so that it is impossible for you to support yourself, you would not lose your insurance protection but it would go right on carrying an indefinite period of grace which would not end until you were completely recovered. Then you would not have to pay any back premiums but would merely take up from that date. The liberality of such a provision is very apparent to all and the usefulness of it can be easily imagined. OLD POLICYHOLDERS can have this new provision inserted in their protection by making application for one of these new policies in exchange for their old ones, and the change will not cost them a cent. We are desirous that old policyholders be given every opportunity to secure this additional feature; and upon application the Company will receive any old policy and issue in lieu thereof a contract of the same kind, age, rate, amount and date and containing the same splendid features of our present policies in addition to the Disability Benefit Clause. Write Us Today for Full Information. The Company desires the services of men of good character, intelligence and ability as insurance salesmen. Liberal contracts given. Excellent opportunities for advancement. The Company also desires to hear from competent office workers. Natural growth occasions frequent promotions and the need of additional bookkeepers, stenographers and clerks. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY / Please send HOM E OFFIC E ATLANTA , GA . meabout particulars  your Disability Benefit Clause Over $4,000,000.00 Insurance in Force / Name ' Address City HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Sec-Treasurer I have a Policy with you. Age Weight Height Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS (Continued from page 214) LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE WALDEN COLLEGE Nashville, Tenn. A classical and industrial college of the first rank. OUR AIM Christian character, loyal citizenship and education for service. LITERARY COURSES College, normal, preparatory, musical, domestic science and art. Full commercial and business courses. A good library and reading room, a strong faculty, a beautiful campus, good board, expenses low, clean athletics. Graduates from the normal course receive State certificates without examina tion. School Opens September 27th Electric lights and furnace heat in all the buildings. The new Science Hall for recita tion purposes has sixteen rooms, steam heat, electric lights and all modern conveniences. Come to Walden this fall and bring one 6tudent with you. For information write the President, E. A. WHITE MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES John O. Spencer, President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: Central, in great college town between North and South. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, music, advanced education, collegiate,—appropriate degrees. INSTRUCTORS: College and university trained, Seven colleges and universities represented in faculty. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS: Very reasonable. DEAN: William Pickens, Lit.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne. Md. (The Eastern Branch of the Maryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic sci ence, music. INSTRUCTORS: College and technically trained. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS: Free tuition: other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Klah, A.M. SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS: June 25th to August 3rd. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE AND INDUSTRIAL INSTI TUTION, Lynchburg, Va . LOCATION: On beautiful hill, suburbs of growing city. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, domestic science, garden ing, music. INSTRUCTORS: College trained; carefully selected. DORMITORIES: Furnished; steam heat; accommodations for fifty girls; carefully supervised, TERMS: Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Lee M. McCoy. A.M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25, 1917. GEORGIA STATE INDUSTRIAL COLLEGE OPENS OCTOBER 1 This institution gives Agricultural, Industrial, Normal ind Collegiate Courses; the industries consist of Masonry, Wheelwrighting, Painting, Shoemaking, Blacksmithing, Tailoring, Carpentry, Laundering, Domestic Science, Sewing. Dairying, and Poultry raising; the Normal and Collegiate courses embrace the usual literary subjects. W e give a full Commercial Course consisting of Stenography, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Business English, etc. Students graduating from the Commercial Course will receive certificates. It is our purpose to add music this year. Total cost will be $8.50. $7 for board and laundry. $1 for athletic fee, and $.50 for medicine. For catalog or other information address R. R. Wright, President, Industrial College, Ga. SALISBURY, N. C. A Religious Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College. Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys anil Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session Opens Wednesday, October 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C SUGGS, President or J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Fall Term opens October 1, 1917. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, business correspondence, business law, multigraphing, mimeographing, arithmetic, grammar, spelling, reading and writing. Apt students operate typewriters blindfolded accurately in two months and are able to pass Civil Service Examinations with ease in eight months. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President, 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good ' taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Christian Duty compels you to provide for your family and dependents. Then why not provide for a perpetual income during sickness and accidental injuries? Will you consider your duty properly discharged if you make provision only down to death, and leave the widow and those dear little orphans penniless after your death? It is the privilege of every man and a duty every man owes himself and family to carry sufficient insurance to provide the necessities of life during illness, and to pay off the expenses and the mortgage on the home after death. Why would a man provide well for his wife and children during his life and leave them beggars after his death? A good Insurance Company is next to the Church; a SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY policy is better than a bank account; you draw from the bank your deposit plus interest; you draw from SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY, not what you put in, but as long as you are sick and an undiminished death claim paid to the family after death. Some have put in $50.00 and drawn out $500.00. Why not act today? Tomorrow you may not be able to pass the examination for a good policy in a reliable Insurance Company. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. iiiiilillliiiiiniiiiii IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII i i iiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiniiiiiiiiii illinium niuiliiliiiiiiiiini num i i; i j -., 11... 11. - 1111 INIIIIIIIIIIINIIIIIUII Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROMINENT NEGROES Issued by The Neale Publishing Company, New York, N. Y. The American Cavalryman. By HENRY F. DOWNING Mr. Downing perhaps has had a more varied career than any other living Negro from the Civil War to the war between the United States and Germany. He was the first colored man to represent the United States at a city of a white government, by appointment of President Cleveland. He introduced Coleridge-Taylor to the London Public. He persuaded Liberia to open its doors to foreign capital. Merely to recount his activities in public life of the past fifty years would take a volume. But his highest renown has been won as a man of letters, and this is a romance of Liberia—a romance of a very high order, written by the only man who could have written it. $1.50 by mail. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors By J. N. LEGER M. Leger, formerly represented Haiti as Minister to the United States, and later represented Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, at The Hague. In Europe as well as in America he is regarded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two editions: one in English and one in French. Illustrated. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Facts of Reconstruction By JOHN R. LYNC H Major Lynch, an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Congress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, and by far the greater part of his adult life has been passed in public service. The late Sen. Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major Lynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Redder Blood By WILLIAM M. ASHBY Prof. Ashby was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Ethiopia By CLAYTON ADAMS Mr. Adams writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used deliberately. The ancient Kingdom of Ethiopia has passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figuratively, principally to designate the invisible kingdom of native Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Race Adjustment By KELLY MILLER Prof. Miller, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the Negro in America that won for him fame as a man of letters when they were first published periodically. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Out of the House of Bondage By KELLY MILLER This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier volume was published. Already the sale of this new volume has beer, large. $1.65 by mail. Negro Culture In West Africa By GEORGE W. ELLIS Mr. Ellis was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and has taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.16 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church By JOHN H . REED The Rev. Dr. Reed, D.D., K.C., writes authoritatively on the subject matter of his book. Introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. The Black Man's Burden By WILLIAM H. HOLTZCLAW Prof. Holtzclaw is the founder and the principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales By JOSEPH S. COTTEB Prof. Cotter is the principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. Ashby and Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro life in imaginative prose fiction,—a branch of literature to which Negro authors should give greater attention. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam By JOHN WALTER PAISLEY Prof. Paisley, for many years a professor of English Literature, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The New Negro By WILLIAM PICKENS Dean Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Key By JAMES S. STEMONS Mr. Stemons is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.0 0 by mail. Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO.,440FourthAvenueNewYorkCity or THE CRISIS,70Fifth AvenueNew Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 269 Do you Want to Read a Live, Red-blooded Story with a Regular Punch in it? Then, do not fail to get "FROM SUPERMAN TO MAN" by J. A. Rogers. The most sinking vindication of the Negro ever penned. Brilliant arguments hacked by an invincible array of the world's greatest thinkers—Shakespeare, Schopenhauer, Darwin, Huxley, Finot. Anti-Negro uarangue-outangs overwhelmed with ridicule, The case against the Negro laughed out of court. All in an easy, breezy style you'll enjoy. Prat. George B. Foster, University of Chicago: "A stirring story, lultiitul to truth and helpful to a better understanding and feeling." W, N. C. Carlton Kay... Librarian. Newberry library, Chicago (in a letter to the author); "I shall place your book in the permanent collection of the Library where present day and future students of the history of your race will find it a most significant document." The Brooklyn Dally Eagle: * * From Superman to Man Is a vindication of the American Negro." Attorney Charles Scrutchin, Bemidji, Minnesota: "A thoughtful, courageous book." Hon. George W. Kills, K. C . V. It. O. S. (eight years Secretary of the U. S. Legation to Liberia, author of "Negro Culture in West Africa." etc.): "From Superman to Man by J. A. Rogers is a significant contribution to interracial literature in more ways than one. Its breadth of scholastic research, its selection and concentration of matter are as amazing as its wealth of information. The book is well written and the skillful management of materials shows not only the author's mastery of his subject, but his knowledge of the technique of the literary art. In the program of the broadest education of the races and the promotion of social concord and co-operation this volume should be in every library and home of the country. In his absorbing story we see the souls of the white and darker worlds groping and struggling toward the better day of peace and good understanding between the races." New York Evening Post: "This porter who had attended 'Yale, had travelled extensively and spoke several languages, had at his fingers' end the arguments necessary- to prove that his race was not a whit inferior to the Caucasian." We are trying to get the truth before the people and ask your support. Copies of this fearless book have been sent to over one hundred leading thinkers; also to the leading anti-Negro authors and politicians. Please order today. $1.00 (cloth bound)	 By Mall $1.10 Additional Agents Wanted— Dept. "A." Hayes Book Store, 3640 S. State St, Chicago, III. AGENTS WANTED: $18 to $45 per week Now being made selling Prof. Kelly Miller's new book PROGRESS OF COLORED PEOPLE. 500 large pages, only $1.95. Teachers, students, ministers, widows, anyone with a little spare time can make $1 per hour. Everybody buys, it's easy to sell. Write for outfit and terms at once. This is an extra-ordinary offer. Act today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., No. 523 Ninth St., Washington, D. C. Atlanta University The Journal of Studies of the Negro History Negro Problems Published Quarterly 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address 100 Pages ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study ofNegro Life and History, which is The Curse of Race Prejudice now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. to how civilization influenced show has beenby contact with the people of color. This An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham publication aims to popularize the movement pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing to save and make available the scattered his arguments. 'Fascinating reading. A necessity for torical materials bearing on the Negro. In clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda.	 Be it appear scholarly articles and valuable docu longs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to ments giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 	Subscription price, $l.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 26 cents extra. Single num 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. bers, 26 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to TH E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and $25.00 PER WEEK addressed to may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." CARTER G. WOODSON 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. Address: E. A JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street	 NEW YORK Mention THE CRISIS LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago, Ill. A Cheyney graduate wishes a position teaching grade work or domestic science. Address O. R., in care of the CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. WANTED AT ONCE-- Male or Female An experienced double-entry bookkeeper and also an expert stenographer to work in the offices of an established colored Insurance Company. Both parties must be able to furnish satisfactory reference as to competency, experience, health, age and reliability. Only those need apply who are willing to make the work a study and a career. Mail application to the office of THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Ave., New York City AN EXPERIENCED TEACHER DESIRES POSITION Instructor in agricultural science and practice. Graduate of a reputable college. Ten years' experience with State Test Farm, five years' experience with United States Indian Schools. Proficient in all grammar grades, in Latin and in the science and practice of agriculture. Very good references. Prof. J. E. H., Box 32, Harmony Grove, Maryland. START THE YEAR WITH THE COLORED TEACHER A PRACTICAL EDUCATIONAL JOURNAL CONTAINING A Department of Methods and Practical Helps; A Department of Rural Education; A Department of Current Educational News; Articles on All Phases of Negro Education; News of the Universities, Colleges and Pub lic Schools; Question and Answer Department; Teachers' Exchange, etc. $1.00 per Year 10 cents per copy Address THE COLORED TEACHER Box 22 WILBERFORCE, OHIO THE STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY, Est. 1897. 1011 New York Avenue, Washington, D. C. Situations Wanted—Domestic Science, Biology. Music, Academic work (College, Seminary, Graded School)—Graduates. TEACHERS A live agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Services Free to School Officials. Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. This suit FREE To Introduce Our Nobby Clothes in Your Town It's the very finest suit you ever saw. $50 couldn't buy a better one, but you can get it easy. It's made to your measure from the most beautiful cloth, choice of stripes, checks or plain pat1 terns. Send us your name and address today. Don't fail to get one of these suits. You can earn it while you wear it and make $50 a Week by taking orders. Drop us a POSTAL for latest sample outfit, select the style you want and the cloth. Let us prove our amazing offer. Don't delay. We send everything free the same day your request is received. We pay postage on everything. your name and address on it. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept. 851 Chicago $1.00 PANT Smade to measure Not $1.00, not even 50c, not one cent cost to you under our easy conditions. No extra charges for extra big, extreme peg- tops, fancy belt loops, pearl buttons, no extra charge for anything, all free. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants, get our samples and new offer. Write and say 'Send Me Your Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 569 Chicago, Ill. EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Complete in Eight Months. Night or Day. Write for Booklet, etc. A. O. BRANSO N &amp; CO., 52 W. 135th St., New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WE'RE OUT ON A Whirlwind Introductory Campaign of Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Beauty Preparations These goods must be introduced into more than 100,000 American homes during the next six months. We realize that this is going to be a stupendous task, but we are PREPARED TO PAY BIG MONEY FOR THE WORK. Yes, we are prepared to pay YOU for the introduction of our goods to your neighbors and friends, from 75 cents to $3.00 on each dozen articles sold. If you have the slightest ability to sell you can at least match the record made by our Boston lady representative, who by devoting only a few spare hours each day to the work earned from us during the month of July $73.60. Each ofMme. Rose's Hy-Quality Beauty Preparations Is strictly all that the name Hy-Quality implies. Only the purest of properties are used in their manufacture. The containers of the goods are also selected with the same careful forethought that is given to everything else sold bearing Mme. Rose's name. Following is a list of Mme. Rose's preparations : MME. ROSE'S HY-QUALITY MME. ROSE'S HY-QUALITY FACE POWDERS SKIN CREAMS Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Indian Brown Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Vanishing' Cream Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Beauty Brown Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Cold Cream Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Natural Flesh Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Massage Cream Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Carnation Pink Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Beauty Cream Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Rose White Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Life of Roses MME. ROSE'S HY-QUALITY MME. ROSE'S HY-QUALITY HAIR PREPARATIONS LOTIONS AND SHAMPOO Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Hair Grower Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Skin Beautifier Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Brilliantine Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Cucumber Lotion Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Temple Grower Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Flake Shampoo Mme. Rose's Hy-Quality Tetter Salve Add An Extra $15 Weeklyto Your Income If you wish to earn big money and will devote either your daily spare hours or all of your time to this great introductory campaign, send a $2.25 money or express order for a one dozen trial assortment of the 25 cents sizes. For further particulars address Dept. C 2288 Seventh Ave. New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Why Are New York Women THE So Beautiful ? A. C. E. WILL GIVE RED ROSE FACE POWER AND $10.00 in Gold for the three best essays written on the fol lowing question: 	FL0RESSENCE PRODUCTS "SHOULD COLORED PEOPLE LEAVE THE Quality high and prices reasonable SOUTH AT THIS TIME?" FIRST PRIZE $5.00 SECOND PRIZE $2.50 Floressence Mfg. Co., Inc. THIRD PRIZE $2.50 1919-1929 BROADWAY NEW YORK, N. Y. Letters must not contain more than 500 words and must be written only on one side of the paper. NO The Prize Winning Essays will be published in New York's leading weekly, the MONEY "New York News" the. first week in October. Contest closes with the last mail on NEEDED September 15, 1917. This suit is yours without a JUDGES: J. S, Brown, George "W. Harris, penny's cost. Just send us a Dr. Charles Martin, Augustus Granville postal or letter today Let Dill and F. Harrison Hough. us show you how to get it by our easy plan. No expert This Association is an Employees Union enee needed. Be our agent and make which assists its members in securing positions free of cost, investigates and opens up new $10 to $15 a Day fields for colored labor and obtains better industrial and living conditions for Negroes. in your spare time. It is dead Our Association is the largest fraternal easy—you never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, brotherhood of colored employees in the cot in very latest style. Your choice world. of 60 fabrics and 32 styles. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, For further information write or call 	inside information about styles, self-measuring blanks, etc. DON'T WAIT. We prepay Delivery Char ASSOCIATED COLORED EMPLOYEES OF AMERICA 	ges. Mail Postal NOW! American Woolen Mills Co. 436 LENOX AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. Dent 851 Chicago Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE 	FREE FAMOUS DELUXE BEAUTY BOOK, ILLUSTRATED AND COMPLETE. SENT TO YOU POSTPAID FREE OF CHARGE. TELLS ALL ABOUT THE KASHMIR WA Y AND DESCRIBES THE WONDERFUL METHODS WHICH HUNDREDS OF WOMEN ARE USING TO GET A Kashmir GIRL PRETTY SKIN AND HAIR. YOU CAN DO THE SAME. 5 OR 10 MINUTES A DAY CARING FOR YOUR SKIN AND HAIR THE KASHMIR WA Y WILL BRING WONDERFUL RESULTS. YOU WON'T KNO W YOURSELF IN A FEW DAYS. WRITE TODAY	 DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., De Pt .K 4709 State Street	 Chicago, Ill. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 273 If It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th &amp;. Plum Cincinnati. Ohi o The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM Introducing LLYRA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER We GIVE It to YOU A Guaranteed Food Preparation for the Hair. Price 5 0 cents per box. Take this fine Made-to-Quality Measure Suit and don't and Fit Agents Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College. pay us one cent for it. guaran- We want you to get one of our high teed Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble class suits, absolutely Free, sO you 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. can show it to your friends. It will be a big advertisement for us If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from ALLIANCESKIN $35 to$50extra every week and besides that be the best- Pants only $1 dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. Write for this Big Offer at Once We Pay Express or Parcel Post Charges Drop us a line or send us your name Made as you like them. No extra on a postal card and we will send charge for tunnel belt loops, cuffs on you absolutely Free, our wonderful pants, etc. Your own initials embroidstyle book, containing dozens of sam ered in colors on the left tunnel pocket. ples and fashion plates to choose from See our" Alligator'' trimming on pants. Write Now. Everything sent Free See all our latest original and postage prepaid. Agents novelties. Get acquainted THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Wanted 'with this Alliance—order Dept. 981, CHICAGO At Once your own clothes at less &lt; — J than wholesale price. We make suits to measure from $8.50 up. Just mail us your name and address and re ceive FREE our agency outfit and ail samples. HOTEL WASHINGTON You will want to be our agent. Make big money. Satisfaction guaranteed. Our ref First-class service for First-class people erences will convince you. PRODUCERS &amp; CONSUMERS ALLIANCE A 3428 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. Dept. 372 Wholesale Tailors, Chicago Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. W E CARRY THE LARGEST STOCK IN ELECTRIC COMBS Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W . I. Send 2c for catalog-. Mme . Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc., 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City Between 84th and 36th Streets Mention TH E CRISIS Every agent can get an auto free no contest Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto . I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with. me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to ad. vertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroo m in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years, Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 days. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got $1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. R. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG, CO. 4733 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO FEET PAINLESS treatment for HARRY E. DAVIS $60 A WEEKandthis free automobile ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office 'Phone, 3297 Mulberry Residence 'Phone, 5277-M Market NEWARK, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis	 Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Office,: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street	 Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W.	 Ashbie Hawkins George W. P . McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals WriteforQuotation CORNS.	 BUNIONS.IN-I GROWN NAILS and ALL Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL other AILMENTS of the FEET DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER m CHIROPODIST Registered In the States of New York and New Jersey Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St.. New York City. $3.00 Brings This SUIT on an offer so easy, so liberal, sO won derful, you can hardly believe it. The very latest 1918 style, a perfect fit magnificent new design, delivered prepaid. Send no money now, not one cent, just write us a letter or postal and say, "Send m e your new J Tailored to Your Measure amazing	 $3 suit offer" and get \ the latest big set of cloth samples to pick from, a great book of all the brand new 1918 fashions shown in gorgeous colors all FREE, a tailoring offer so splendid, so marvelous, it's hard to believe; greater and better than any tailoring offer you ever saw. How to get all your own clothes free, how to make all your spending money in your extra spare time how to become more important, influential and prosperous. Don't wait, don't put it off, write us your name and address now, today, this very minute. Address BANNER TAILORING CO.. DEPT. 507 CHICAGO DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York $1.95 Made t0 your order Special offer - to prove our fine quality: These fine Pants for Dress or • Business, choice of many hand some styles, guaranteed for 181 months solid wear and satisfaction or MONEY BACK, absolute $5.00 value-while they last. one pair to a customer, / — Express prepaid $1.9 5 Pants for only .. . No Extra Charges No charge for big Extreme Peg Tops or Cuff Bottoms, nothing extra for fancy Belt Loops or Pocket Flaps, no charge for Open Welt Seams or Large sizes—all novelty features Free -no extra charges of any kind Cash profits to you for taking measuresofrelativesandneighbors. Young George Gekovich made $66.16 in one day. Write for FREE samples today. ^ Chicago Tailors Association SendNomoney DEPT. A-1 2 515 S. Franklin St.. Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, AUTHOR OF "SOULS OF BLACK FOLK," "QUEST OF THE SILVER FLEECE," "SELECT BIBLIOGRAPHY OF THE NEGRO AMERICAN," ETC. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents DR. D U BOIS'S NEW BOOK IS THE LATEST ADDITION TO A REMARKABLE SERIES OF LOW-PRICED NEW BOOKS WITH WHICH EVERYBODY SHOULD BECOME ACQUAINTED. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 VOLUMES NOW READY Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per £!f\s+ 4volume. Each complete and sold separately --60C. NET. POSTAGE EXTRA "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WA R By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou ORDER THROUGH THE PUBLISHERS OR THROUGH THE CRISIS, 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Book mar You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley). 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THENEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE ANDWORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W . E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) .. . 1.00 THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 60 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W . C. Berwick-Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E . Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Bee^her Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York