The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 31. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JUNE 20, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS The Immorality of the Marriage Contract 8i Topics of the Week : The Way Out 83 An Alternative Bill. By C. H. Norman 84 The Problem of Illegitimacy. III.—A Solution. By William Foss 85 Truth and Untruth of the Times. By the Rev. F. R. Swan 86 Modernism in Morality. The Ethics of Sexual Relationships. By Julian Warde 87 "A Night in the Luxembourg." By Rebecca West 88 Atheists. By Fred Collins 90 Provided For. By Fanny Johnson 92 A Vision in the Strand. By Cyril Picciotto 94 In the Wake of the "Titanic." By Helen Meredith Macdonald 95 Correspondence: The Necessity? 95 An Analogy 95 Pass the Bill 96 Champions of Morality 96 The Oscar Wilde Monument 97 Cooking and Drudgery 97 Co-operative Housekeeping 98 "Thought Mists " 99 Les Filles de Joie 99 Atheists 99 "Free Unions" 99 THE IMMORALITY OF THE MARRIAGE CONTRACT. THERE is something perversely misleading in the symbolism which has gathered round Freedom. This symbolism has had far too much to do with Freedom Triumphant to be of service to the creators of new freedoms. For Freedom is never triumphant; barely has she emerged from one harsh bondage when she is confronted with another. Freedom Fighting is the only freedom we mortals have any knowledge of, and the Winged Radiance which has served to symbolise her is an added difficulty in the path of freedombuilders. She fills Freedom's army with doubting warriors. She lures them in with the promise of swift ease. She suggests happiness where she should suggest struggle; she leaves it for the human fighter to point out that Freedom is to be achieved for life's sake; that it guarantees no happiness; that to live with freedom spells but rarely ease. This unreal symbolism creates expectations doomed of a certainty to disappointment. The above is an overture to a consideration of the institution of marriage. To pass from considerations of freedom to that deliberate abrogation of the essentials of freedom which we call marriage is to produce something of the effect of anti-climax. Yet in no sphere to-day do we hear so much of the demands for freedom as in that of marriage. Freedom in marriage is the commonest of the shibboleths of the modern movement. That is because the modernists have been at no pains to understand their own position. When they are, the vast majority will scuttle into the safe shelter of the house of bondage. All that they desire of freedom, what they are very mistakenly expecting to get from her, is happiness and comfort. Those who are unhappy in marriage expect to be told that freedom will entail happiness; those who are happy expect to learn that freedom will endorse things just as they are found with them, the only difference being that everyone else will share in the same happy state. This deluding notion concerning happiness and freedom accounts for all the hangers-on, the camp-followers in the armies of freedom—those who are there not to fight the battle, but to share the spoil. These followers are in no wise to be blamed. What blame there is rests, and should rest, upon the too-optimistic expounders of freedom, who put their trust in the strength of numbers rather than in the strength of belief, and who, in truth, lead the army, which passes over to the side of the enemy at the moment of crisis. The army of Freedom usually advances under the flag of Reaction. But to return to our subject—Marriage. Marriage is the formal repudiation of freedom, a repudiation which a very complete code of penal law protects against subsequent recantation. The marriage ceremony is the public avowal that two persons seek entrance inside the pale wherein Marriage Law holds sway. Such persons thereupon pass from territory relatively free, to territory absolutely bound. With the growing power of individual wealth and the degradation incident to the establishment of a plutocracy, a few 82 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 wealthy persons who are willing to commit obnoxious offences have been able to win their way back from the bound territory to that of the free by way of what is called divorce; but, ordinarily, once passed over the boundary of marriage, an individual is there for life. What, then, is the motive which leads men and women voluntarily to abrogate their freedom? It cannot be love, for love flourishes better unflecked by marriage than when bound by it; rather, we should say, associated with it, for love cannot be bound by contract or by any other means; it cannot be Honour, for the same reasons apply to Honour as to Love. It can be no immaterial spiritual motive, because these are obviously unaffected by contracts. The motive must, therefore, be material. Consequently, by examining the material assets immanent in the marriage law which marriage imposes, we shall find the motives which are actually at work in persuading persons to commit this amazing act of repudiation. The law has to do with rights of maintenance on the one hand, and rights concerning sexual intercourse on the other. Marriage law for a man means that he is responsible for the maintenance of the woman he marries, irrespective of any industrial service rendered by her. It means that he is responsible for the maintenance of any children resulting from the marriage. He must concede conjugal rights, if demanded. On the other hand, he can claim total conjugal rights over the woman he marries, and can also obtain sexual intercourse elsewhere without prejudice to his claims upon the wife. In short, in return for a very considerable undertaking of economic responsibility, he can secure exclusive sexual rights over his companion without limiting his liberty in relation to these latter rights elsewhere. For the woman, marriage law aims at securing maintenance for herself without any corresponding economic obligation on her part; the securing of maintenance for her children; the conceding of total rights over her person in regard to certain relationships; the abrogation of concession of any such rights elsewhere on pain of nullity of the entire marriage contract. In short, in return for maintenance, she sells out her rights over herself sexually. These obligations of married persons are embodied in the laws regarding maintenance, the restitution of conjugal rights, and of divorce. It is obvious, without any argument, that these laws are immoral, nor is their immorality lessened by the fact that only the more unfortunate classes, or the more degraded in the community, would enforce them. If we remove the one not immoral condition of the marriage contract, i.e., that regarding the children, as something which can be dealt with quite apart from the relationship of the two contracting parties in marriage, we find we have a body of law which is so offensive to the feelings of the community that it is rarely, if ever, put into plain terms, but that its immorality is being instinctively realised is made evident by the fact that a very fair proportion of the modern woman's movement is animated by the desire to throw off completely that part of the marriage bargain which has to do with rights of sexual coercion, an extraordinarily healthy sign. It still remains, however, for the modern woman to realise that this step will necessitate another. The nullifying of the rights of sexual coercion will lead to the nullifying of the rights to maintenance. The maintenance law hanging over the man is borne because it represents one-half in a dual bargain. In the working classes, for instance, the duality of the bargain is enforced with an impartiality which would shock would-be emancipated women into a sense of realisation as to the law's dual character. So real is this latter that should one half be destroyed, the other half is destroyed inevitably. The destruction of the contract can be effected in either direction, as women of different temperaments are showing. Some women, beginning by maintaining themselves, dictate the terms of the sexual relationship. Others, beginning by dictating the sexual relationship, will of a certainty and themselves, by simple justice and balance, compelled to undertake their own maintenance. The entire question of guardianship of children born in marriage, together with domiciliary considerations, are matters distinct in themselves from the marriage contract. They are important, but they can be settled individually. They should not be confused with the law of marriage, which holds good quite apart from them, and is wholly unaffected by their presence or absence. The marriage law rests upon the two pillars—sexual coercion and maintenance, both of which are self-evidently immoral. It is something of a redundancy of argument to speak of the " evils " cognate with the marriage contract—illegitimacy, for instance, and the unmarried mother. Legitimacy being what it is, involving a contract immoral in both its aspects, illegitimacy becomes an honourable distinction by contrast, and the unmarried mother a person who becomes a mother from the best of all possible motives. A little thought, therefore, will make it clear that the greater part of the philanthropic solicitude expended upon illegitimacy and the unmarried mother is somewhat ludicrously misdirected. As far as the morals of the situation go, the moralists have not happened to back the winner. There is, however, one aspect from which the solicitude is comprehensible and, indeed, praiseworthy. As the unmarried mother is an outsider, a free-lance, the temper of a close monopolist community is set dead against her. It holds itself ready to starve her out, and the only consolation the unmarried mother may have at the present day is that she is in advance of her time. If, however, she is unprepared for hardship, she has mistaken her vocation. She should have left pioneering to others. Its joys are select. We might point out here a little distinction regarding happiness which possible pioneers would do well to note. There are two kinds of happiness: one born of comfort, and one born of joy; that is, one born of the material and another born of the immaterial. The first is born of security, the second is born of freedom. The first is more pervasive and permanent; the second is higher, deeper, intenser, swifter, and instinct with powers of growth. The latter breeds, indeed, more discomfort than comfort; but it keeps a person alive and growing. People almost invariably have to choose between the two kinds of happiness; they are unable to retain both. Semi-seekers after freedom would take fewer embarrassing steps if they bore the above distinction in mind. It is not possible here, nor is it necessary at any length, to consider to what extent the immoral marriage contract affects the still more immoral condition of prostitution. It will be sufficient to point out that, apart from the monopoly created by marriage, June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 83 the fact that marriage transfers the ordering of creative functioning from the control of women, where it should rightfully be, to that of men, and by the further fact that, relying upon the possibility of maintenance being provided in exchange for such transference, women have never learned to take thought for themselves as responsible, self-supporting human beings, the marriage contract becomes responsible for the debasing of female human beings to the level of common merchandise, which we call prostitution. It is small wonder, therefore, that marriage is one of the institutions whose dissolution is already at hand. A further article will deal with provisions for the safeguarding of the interests of children born outside the marriage-pale. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Way Out IF one were a dock labourer out on strike, compelled to translate theory into practice, what would one do now, the labour situation being just what it is? Men who are compelled to take action have a right to ask such a question as this of individuals who indulge in theories, and if the theorisers have no concrete answer ready they would be very well advised if they were told to take their halfbaked notions home to brown. So, if we were asked what we would do in like circumstances, we are ready with our answer. We would return to our jobs even without gaining a single point, and would still reckon that the strike had brought forth a rich harvest. That harvest, garnered to feed other forces at a later day, held sacred for that event, would be the clear-cut attitude of mastery made evident among the masters. That we would lay hold on, keep fresh, renew in memory by a daily rite, and with every renewal repeat the vow that our lives should be devoted to the accomplishment of a great end. The jobs we should do from day to day would be concerned with bound-labour at the docks, but our life-work, the thing into which we would put passion and thought and prayer and eager toil, would be the great end, the destruction of the thing which put the power of mastery over us and our kind into the hands of men. We would dedicate our lives to the cause of freedom, to the utter shattering and dissipating of the power of capital. It would already become abundantly clear that capital is insatiable; that it is not a necessity of wealth, but a ghastly, poisonous fungus which has fastened on wealth, and which is rapidly crushing out its existence. The charges which capital can aspire to impose on the world are greater than all the wealth which the work of all the workers is able to meet. The utmost exertion and toil on the part of the wealth-makers would be long leagues behind producing the equivalent to the charges which capital is empowered to make. Increase of production cannot keep pace with the increase in the charges of capital. Production varies, fails or improves, but the charges of capital, interest, go on steadily, steadily, steadily. It would be clear capital has no meaning apart from interest. Repudiate interest and capital disappears like a mist. What, then, the thoughtful docker would have to brood over would be this: By what means is he going to make the workers of the world consider and realise, first, the nature of capital and interest; second, the means to be taken in repudiating interest; third, the basis of capital and interest in the divorcing of the individual from his means of subsistence, land? The task is enormous, but the evil behind it is enormous. The workers are not flinging themselves against a small thing; they are struggling against the most complete slave system known to the history of the world—a universal slavery of wage-earners to capitalists. If this slavery can be broken, as chattel slavery was broken in America, the greatest single achievement in the history of humanity will have been effected. Man will have been restored to himself, presented with the right to his own soul. Elementary freedom at least will have been established. Very well then. Men must set to the task in a spirit befitting its magnitude. It is the vainest of vain dreams that economic freedom is going to be achieved with the loose rhetoric, looser thinking, and slack living which the cause of economic freedom has called forth up to this present. How, then, is it going to be done? Is it going to be done quickly? That depends upon how much men's belief and faith in freedom itself can be quickened. If they can be made to care enough, the fight is won. To make men care is the thing, and men will care when they understand—not before. Knowledge and understanding, then, are the missing factors, and, therefore, to supply them is the next step in the freeman's progress. The lovers of freedom must make freedom their religion, and must set afoot a missionary movement with the zeal which is born of a religion. They must send out disciples—cover the land with them. They must not pause to count the cost. Let the disciples of freedom go forth as did the disciples of Christianity, taking no thought for the morrow, what they shall eat or what they shall drink, nor of where they shall find shelter. Let them only be sure of their gospel. Let small groups meet together until they are sure of their message, sure of themselves and each other. Then let them go forth and preach, and, like the Friars of St. Francis, let them beg their bread as they need it, performing any service, however menial, in return. Let them beg a shelter at the close of the day. If comrades do not offer one, a workhouse will serve. Let them refuse to handle money. Let their sincerity be above suspicion. It can be done. What has been done once can be done again. Their audience will be wherever they find a handful of men and women—a group of men returning from the fields; a cluster of unemployed waiting about the doors of a workshop; women gossiping at their doors; all men and women everywhere. The world will be their audience. They, the disciples, the " sappers," will found a new and universal Church, the Church of Freedom; its membership will entail one service, to preach the gospel. The gospel will be the breaking of the thrall; the destruction of capital. The tenets of its creed will be the repudiation of interest; the repudiation of rent; the reclaiming of territory; free exchange between commodities and service; the gradual repudiation of money as a tender for goods; the establishing of co-operative, money-repudiating groups on the land. The creed will cry aloud for practical application, and the Friars of the New Order will prepare for the approaching day of the Great Repudiation. Just as on a definite day the Parliamentarians raised the flag of defiance against King Charles, so an understanding people definitely will raise the standard of repudiation against capital, and for that definite day the expropriated masses will prepare. Let not easy and good-natured persons imagine that the masses will be permitted to slide into possession of the wealth they have created. They will not. By 84 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 dint of sheer force majeure, they will have to hurl themselves into possession. Not merely by workers offering resistance, but rather by these exerting irresistible pressure will the exploiters realise their reign is done. At present the workers are unprepared to exert this pressure. No normal body of men can actively fight for the destruction of a force until they realise the essential badness of the force. Concerning the essential badness of capital, the workers have to be taught. They have to learn that it is bad at its roots. They are at present seeking for a working agreement with it. They might as well hope for a working agreement with a tiger or a stench from a sewer. Peaceful co-existence of labour and capital they have to learn is not possible. This, then, is the magnitude of the task with which the workers are faced; this is the kind of battle they have to fight; this is the kind of spirit which will carry them through the fighting; and this is the kind of issue to which the struggle will have to be brought. Have the workers the stomach for it? An Alternative Bill Madam,—A correspondent in the last issue of The Freewoman asks what proposals I have for dealing with prostitution. The enclosed print of a Bill drafted by myself will show the nature of my constructive remedy for prostitution, poverty, insanitary conditions, and low wages. I venture to think that it could be immediately passed (providing the ruling class really desire to end poverty and prostitution), and would have beneficial consequences in a very short time. But the class of persons who subscribe to the National Vigilance Association and similar bodies, have no intention of limiting their own incomes by scrutinising the management of the various undertakings from which they draw dividends and profits. They have a moral fad, and that is all their movement represents. Unfortunately, their attitude is that of the governing class. The latter are prepared to do everything for the victims of the economic system, except penalise their oppressors, or alter the system. A Bill to Regulate the Economic Relations between Employed Persons and their Employers; and also the conditions, sanitary and Otherwise, of their Employment. Section I.—When any person employed by an employer can prove to the satisfaction of a jury that the remuneration for such employment in coin and/or kind is inadequate, or that the conditions of such employment are unclean, insanitary, dangerous, harsh and/or oppressive, an offence shall be deemed to have been committed under this Bill. Section II.—No employer shall be adjudged guilty of an offence under this Bill unless the jury is satisfied that such employer employed a person contrary to the provisions of this Bill to his or her knowledge. Where the jury are of opinion that such employer has committed an offence under this Bill, but are further of opinion that his offence was not committed wilfully, no conviction shall be recorded against such employer, but he shall be ordered to pay the costs of the prosecution. Section III.—Any employer convicted of an offence under this Bill, subject to the limitations set forth in Section II. hereof, shall be sent to prison for a term of not less than two months, and not exceeding seven years. Section IV.—It shall not be lawful for a Court or a judge to impose a fine in respect of any offence committed under this Bill. Section V.—A Court or a judge 9hall not be at liberty to direct employers convicted under this Bill to be treated as first-class misdemeanants except where such employer is a Minister of Cabinet rank. Section VI.—Where any offence committed under this Bill shall arise in or out of municipal or Governmental employment, the minimum sentence a Court or a judge may inflict shall be three months' imprisonment instead of two months, as hereinbefore mentioned. Section VII.—Where any offence committed under this Bill shall arise in or out of employment connected with a charitable or reformatory institution, the minimum sentence a Court or a judge may inflict shall be six months' imprisonment (instead of two and/or three months as hereinbefore mentioned), and the maximum sentence a Court or a judge may impose shall be ten years' penal servitude. Section VIII,—Where any employer shall have been convicted of more than three offences under this Bill, the provisions of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1908, shall apply, and any such employer shall, upon service of due notice by the prosecution, but not otherwise, as provided by the Prevention of Crimes Act aforesaid, be liable to be indicted as "an habitual criminal" within the meaning of the said Act. Section IX.—Any offence committed under this Bill shall be deemed a felony. Section X.—No costs shall be awarded against any employer convicted under this Bill, subject to the provisions of Section II. of this Bill; nor shall any employer, tried for an alleged offence under this Bill, but acquitted, be entitled to recover costs. Section XI.—In all cases under this Bill the jury shall be empowered to add a rider to their verdict stating, in their opinion, that, in the circumstances of the particular case, the terms of the First Offenders Act should be invoked on behalf of the employer. In all cases of such special verdicts, a Court or a judge shall not pass any sentence upon the person convicted, but shall bind him over, in his own recognisances and such sureties as a Court or judge may deem necessary, to come up for judgment if and when called upon. No conviction for felony shall be recorded in any case where the jury returns such a special verdict. But it shall not be lawful for a jury to return such a special verdict where the employer shall have been already convicted of an offence under this Bill. Where no conviction has already been recorded against any employer charged with an offence under this Bill, a Court or a judge shall specifically direct the jury upon their power to bring in a special verdict as aforesaid. Section XII.—Any member of the community, being resident in Great Britain and Ireland, not being a convicted criminal, or a person of unsound mind, or a minor, shall be entitled to institute proceedings under this Bill. Section XIII.—Any employer convicted in England under this Bill shall have the right of appealing to the Court of Criminal Appeal, and, by permission of the Attorney-General, to the House of Lords, in cases of great public importance. Section XIV.—Definition. (1) The word "employer " shall, for the purposes of the Bill, include: (a) Any private person owning his or her own business; (b) any director or shareholder in a limited, unlimited, or private company; (c) any partner or partners in any business, profession, or occupation of any kind whatsoever; (d) any manager employed by a private employer or partner or partners, or directors or shareholders; (e) any official under the control of the Government, county council, borough council, or any municipal body of any kind whatsoever; (f) any committee or body of persons to whom the power of employing labour may be delegated; (g) any representative of such committee or body of persons for the time being; (h) any member of the Cabinet or of His Majesty's Government, or of His Majesty's Privy Council; (1) any male or female person whatsoever who may have any male or female person in the relation of employé or employee to him or her. (2) The expression " employed person," or " person employed," shall, for the purposes of this Bill mean: any person of either sex who shall receive payment for his or her services in coin and/or kind, from any employer, committee, council, or municipal body, Government, Privy Council, director, shareholder, manager, or any person whatsoever. Section XV.—This Bill shall have application throughout Great Britain and Ireland. Note.—This Bill would introduce many novel principles into the law of England. It would be a menace to exploitation in every form of industry, in clerical occupations, and in domestic service. Its punitive character is founded upon the principle, which is hardly seriously contested in these days, that poverty and misery are preventible evils, which are caused by the rapacity of dividend receivers and their representatives. It is the duty of the general body of the community to initiate active steps against the selfish demands of the employing and dividend or rent-receiving classes. The exploitation of men and women for material gain is a moral crime. That is a platitude of all religions. This Bill is aimed at making such exploitation an offence punishable by imprisonment. Numerous people are agitating for powers to prevent the working classes striking in defence of their rights. For once, let us have some legislation against the dividend and rent-receivers—the " legalised w owners of stolen property, C. H. Norman. June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 85 The Problem of Illegitimacy. III.—A SOLUTION. " Better indeed were a saturnalia of Free Men and Women than the spectacle which, as it is, our great cities present at night."—Edward Carpenter. THE only real solution for this problem is one which will please none but the foolish. It will not please the politicians, it is too adventurous for them; it will not please the practical people, it is too philosophic; it will not please the philosophers, for they know the difficulties of Revolution—and its results. But it will please the foolish; for it is a stone to their hands to throw. They will be able to say, " As we thought: Anarchism and Free Love! " And having taken the wind out of their sails, I will discuss more important things. My original intention was to devote an article apiece to the present attempts at solution through the Poor Law and charitable institutions. But the blue books, the Poor Law reports, the charitable reports, all the good intentions were piteous and exasperating. Piteous, as nothing has ever come of all the labour expended on them by all the earnest people who compiled them: exasperating on account of the attitude they all take up. It may be natural to believe oneself omniscient, if one is a member of the Government [have we not an " Infallible Administrator"?], an official, or a charitable person, but to accept the present ethical basis of society as a basis for reform is unpardonable. Just as twelve quite reasonably honest men and jolly fellows, who desire no ill-will to anyone, and who would go out of their way to do some kind action, if they are called on a jury forget their common humanity, and assume what they believe to be the academic virtues, so each and all of these thousand documents reek of gentility and hypocrisy. Misguided desire, political expediency, self-advertisement, whatever be the underlying cause, they have accomplished little or nothing: the results are before us: there is still a pressing problem of illegitimacy. They have erred, as all like them will to the end of the chapter, because they have believed in the Infallibility of Rules. They have said, "Let us take counsel together; let us make rules, then the Millennium will come." And it hasn't! You cannot make exact rules for machines, much less for animals endowed with "that wandering ship of the drunken pilot, the mutinous crew, the angry captain called Human Nature." No, the world is still a schoolboy at heart: rules are made to be broken; we all want to go out of bounds. Every healthy person has as their birthright "a holy hunger and thirst for danger." Progress can only come from within; it is a spiritual growth [And now, O Foolish Ones, hold up your righteous hands, for that is Anarchism], and the party politicians, and too often the Socialists, forget it. There is but one panacea, Human Nature at its best. Government is supposed to be, and ought to be, by consent; but a nation of dolts will be ruled by dolts. That is how the matter stands at present; by accepting the present form of Society, we accept, among a thousand other anomalies, the lie that virtue increases with riches. There is one function of Government—as of education—to bring out all the noblest traits in its citizens. No progress can come from a plutocracy, except by a revolution. Any religion which in actual fact even admits class distinctions is worse than useless. The first duty of a good Government or an efficacious religion is not to tamper with "the proud spirit of the poor," but to break the proud spirit of the rich. Let Mr. Burns take note of that. Freedom for everyone is the one real object of Government, as it is of Anarchism, and I state here definitely that were Mrs. Grundy and her attendant shibboleths to be burned to-morrow by the common hangman (proud position!), you would not get the wild outburst of lust and lasciviousness that the pure imagine. It would not be anything like so bad as it is to-day. For with Freedom comes Responsibility [that is why Freedom is so hated], with Responsibility comes the great gift of Choice; the animal becomes a self-conscious being, and the Nobility of Humanity prevails. Is this assuming too much? There's little enough in life, and we all go about seeking to create for ourselves intoxicating illusions. But let those illusions be of real flesh and blood, not the time-serving efforts of third-rate dramatists and novelists. If there is nothing else in life, there is a splendid glow of real worth for real emotions. The act of creation is our will-o'-the-wisp search, and our success, or the contemplation of success in others, provokes an emotion which warms the blood and brings back life to us all. But to create we must know, and to stand in the way of knowledge is the unforgivable sin. There is much truth in old sayings. We have each "to make our own little hell," because we cannot make anyone else's. It is easy to teach evil, but who shall influence for good? Only those who are able to give back to life all that it gave, who have fought for and gained knowledge, and who have been thrown on the scrap-heap used up. There is, in that unequal collection of epigrams attributed by the Christians to the King David, one of profound truth, "Example is better than precept." It is only the Free who can bring about the Revolution, because it is they who alone know what they want. It is for the Free men and SPORTS SHIRT Cut by an expert man tailor, and quite different from the ordinary so-called tailor Shirt. Made from extra heavy Pyjama Silk, with stitched turndown collar and cuffs. Stocked in sizes 12s, 13. 13*. 14. 14%. and 15. Also in plain cream and striped Spunella Silk. 21/9 To special measures, 2/extra. Debenham and Freebody Wigmore Street. (Cavendish Square) London. Famous for over a Century for Taste, for Quality, for Value 86 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 women to take away the slur from illegitimacy, among other necessary reforms, by proving from the grandeur of their lives the true philosophy that every action can only be judged by the emotion it gives rise to. It is almost too difficult to be fearless: it is harder to be free. Ladies and gentlemen, here is work worthy of your steel. William Foss. Truth and Untruth of the Times. TRUTH is a bigger and greater thing than veracity, the saying yes or no, as the case may be. It is easy to be truthful in this very limited sense, and yet not be true. The strictly veracious man or woman may be a lie in spirit and motive and attitude. Truth is really more a question whether we lie to ourselves, whether we humbug ourselves, whether we misrepresent, evade, gloze over, decorate, or give misleading names to ugly and unwholesome facts. Nietzsche says, "The world has become skilled at giving new names to things, and even baptising the devil." Under the names of custom, fashion, pleasure, profits, good business, diplomacy, statesmanship, party loyalty, national honour, Imperialism, religious progress, social welfare, what lies are told, acted, manufactured, and rewarded!" There are double names for everything," said Stevenson. Truth is more a personality and spirit than words. It is to feel, think, and act in accordance with the facts of life, and to accept the world as it is in order to make it what it ought to be. Without shams, or false interpretations or deceits of any kind. The truthful person will speak forth and act in conformity to life so far as it is known and understood. And in words that is written truth which most clearly expresses the fact, whether it be man, the community, or the universe. The transparent soul of faith and courage can not only speak the truth, but say "I am the truth." I have said that truth is more than veracity, but judged by this low standard there are a good many liars about. To bear false witness against our neighbour is far too common a sin. The legal and police system and all the threats of prison do not prevent, but rather provoke, a conspiracy of lying. Lawyers are paid to tell lies rather than show the truth, and only a simpleton would seriously think otherwise. Cases of wrongful accusation abound, and create the feeling that the people, I mean chiefly the poor, exist to give the police and jailer something to do. It " pays " to bear false witness against our neighbour, therefore lies are told. The lie may be in goods which are faked, adulterated: and if adulterated thinking and conduct " pays," well and good. There seems to be no market for the man or woman of intellectual honesty and courage who has feeling and imagination, and it is a good thing that so many of this order are not on sale in the markets of the mean world. " How difficult to get the truth into the open! We live in an atmosphere of frauds. The very elect are taken in. Satan is transformed into an angel of light. If only the He is clothed in purple and fine linen, and sprinkled with gold-dust, and is always the " correct thing." The odds are against anybody exposing the falsehood, and there are so many ways of hushing up the fashionable crimes of the rich. The whole machinery of " law and order " is at work in the interests of the poor. Crime is regarded as natural to the poor. Striking against economic slavery and for a little more money is always regarded by the rich man's press as a crime. Yet who tells the truth about crime? How can it be understood without a review of the social and industrial system, and the sordid, bitter struggle for existence? Poverty and crime are so near to each other, are often so intimately cause and effect, that prison and poor, police and poverty, have economic justification. One fact is worth stating: out of 180,000 cases of imprisonment in 1906, and the proportion will not differ much year by year, 90,000 were convictions with the option of a fine. There must be destitution indeed when the small fine demanded is not paid, either by the "convicted," or by his friends. To increase wages and give security might not all at once transform the character, but the prison population would be halved, and thousands would be saved from the damnation of the jail. The truth is, that more money for the workers would prevent many socalled criminal offences. The lie is that there is an inborn disposition to commit crime which cannot be explained or overcome by environment in the widest sense. It has been found easier to damn human nature, and to call the church in to prescribe, than to give this nature a real chance. And there is a sort of invisible enemy, a prejudice against the poor, which is hostile to immediate justice on their behalf. What is the truth about the established Christian religion? If I ask this question, I am referred to a system of theology fit only for slaves. The theories of man, sin, salvation, Christ, have nothing that is democratic in them. They represent the ideas of the governing classes, with their low views of the people, their heavens and hells of the earth, their notions of divine government. There is a considerable body of opinion that "it is not necessary at all that a man Jesus of Nazareth should ever have lived in order to explain the fact of Christianity"; but how few of the Church leaders honestly admit the probability of this, or even frankly discuss it? Is it that they are afraid to tell the truth about the soul of man, lest they damage their own position? Fear makes liars. Is it that they know human nature is not what Church dogmas make it out to be, and therefore that the remedy which they have is no good, and is for a disease which doesn't exist? The same prejudice is evident in the suspicion of material good for the people, by those who praise poverty from a safe distance. The truth concerning sin, character, good and evil, is supposed to be given in a book, or in theology, and not in the facts of daily life. What is the truth about virtue and vice, and which is which? We have to tear off the disguises which hide the truth. That is why the rebellion against being treated like things, even the mild forms of rebellion called "labour unrest," is to be joyfully welcomed as an effort to show up the truth that it is a social crime to be compelled to be poor or to be content with poverty, and to show the lie of being governed as we are, under the pretence that it is for our good, and in the name of freedom and religion. This bears closely upon the problem of sex, which means the way to get sex fully and wholesomely and creatively expressed. It suggests the June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 87 futility of mere legislation to deal with the facts of prostitution. The problem is more than an economic one, it goes to the roots of existence, the very structure of body and soul, and the complex life or society. Who wants the truth told? Yet it is this vital searching power of truth which we must have or we shall be lost. The vested interests are not concerned for the truth, and that is why the daily press, with few exceptions, is not organised to reveal or to interpret the real state of affairs. We cannot serve God and mammon, but many will have a good try and trust to Providence! The heavily subsidised papers of the wealthy have a certain party to serve, a status quo to conserve, and everything else is subordinate to finance, status, tradition, profits. Whenever did the press tell the truth about the meaning, tragedy, and causes of poverty? The poor are too much of a hobby for the politician and journalist as well as for the philanthropist, parson, and district visitor. We ask for the truth about our agreement or relations with Germany, Russia, France, and the truth is not given, but only half the truth, which is ever the worst form of lie. It is not what the papers do say, but what they do not say, and what they misrepresent, which makes the air thick with destructive germs, like a deadly Eastern jungle. One day the fires of heaven are invoked to fall upon the South African conspirators, the next day the Government select three of the piratical stockbrokers for the Royal honours list, and the altruistic leader-writers conveniently look up another street. The party game must at all costs be kept up! Happily, a growing number who want the truth told and acted in politics are beginning to realise that this is so. How little encouragement is given to self-revelation, self-honesty, and the expression of revolutionary thought. We are not let alone enough to grow naturally. Truly, shades of the prison house soon close in upon the growing soul. Attention is directed to everything but the truth of riches and poverty, slavery and freedom; but only as we are not afraid of the truth do we deserve to be free, or indeed can we be free. Rev. F. R. Swan. Modernism in Morality. THE ETHICS OF SEXUAL RELATIONSHIPS. ON no subject is there less clarity of thought and plainness of speech than upon that of sexual relationship. The problem novel, written ostensibly with the purpose of attracting attention to some phase of the question, and the medical treatises from the psychopathic side, are two prominent methods of dealing with it. The problem novel usually fails to be of much value because it deals with effects and not causes. The medical treatise is of little assistance because it is produced in a form that is not popular nor understandable, and is addressed to a small section only of the people. What is wanted is a clear perception of the underlying principles divested of cant and prudery. A mystery has been made of a very simple matter. For some subtle reason this question of sexual relationship has been associated with original sin and other discredited dogmas of past superstitions instead of being frankly discussed and intelligently understood. Implanted in every organised structure is an instinctive desire to function in two ways: to grow and to reproduce. In the animal world, from the simple cell to the highest type of multicellular organism, these two desires are instinctive and imperative. Food, to assure life and growth for the continuance of the individual; reproduction, to ensure the continuance of the race. Man is differentiated from the brute kingdom by his power of reflection. It may be that this is only a question of degree. Some power of reflection is apparent in many of the brutes. Man shares with the brute most of his instinctive desires. The less developed the intellect the more predominant the instincts. The more highly developed the intellect the less is the sway of the instincts. The desire for reproduction, per se, is instinctive and not intellectual. The decision to limit reproduction is intellectual and not instinctive. The higher the development of intellect the less is the conscious desire for reproduction. It has been said—and well said—that Nature is prolific with her lower forms, but less generous with her higher forms. The higher the type the lower the reproduction rate. In the highest type of all—man, where intellect, Nature's best and greatest gift, reigns supreme, instinctive reproduction receives its first check. Growth in the individual is only partly complete with the maturity of the individual form. It is completed growth only when the matured form has expressed itself reproductively. This is the fulfilment of natural law. Anything less than this is a limitation of natural law. Without reproduction there would be race suicide. To evade race suicide Nature has implanted this instinctive desire for the sexual act, and its necessary corollary, reproduction, in every perfect organism. Not to desire the sexual act is to postulate a nature failure. It is to imply an imperfect organism. Every man and every woman who is perfectly equipped as an organism normally should exhibit this instinctive desire. Not to exhibit it, or to repress its exhibition, is to deny to Nature her expression of completed growth. But this instinctive desire for the sexual act is not associated with reproduction for the continuance of the race. It is associated with the sexual act only. The desire for the act itself is instinctive, and for the act only. It is the conscious or unconscious consequence of the sexual act which provides for the continuance of the race. The sexual act in itself is as normal and necessary a function as that of feeding. It is normal because it is universally inherent in every perfect organism. It is necessary because, without its free exercise, the race would die out. Our social ideas are growths. They are evolutionary. They are still growing. They are not the unalterable expression of what is right and wrong. They have no inherent right to persist through all time. They are the judgments of expediency formed and regulated by the pressure of environment. Polygamy, polyandry, monogamy, and promiscuity in the sexual relations are not in themselves either right or wrong, except so far as the particular circumstances in which they are exercised determine. The desire for the sexual act is an emotional stress in man. To feel the stress is natural. To desire to satisfy it is also natural. To satisfy it in certain ways is expedient. It is for the greater good of society. To satisfy it in other ways is not for the greater good of society. Prostitution is one of these ways. Prostitution is wrong. Prostitution is the commerce of the female with the male. It is the element of commerce, with its essen- THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 tial ideas of making a profit, that is wrong in prostitution. Prostitution is always commercial. It is loveless. It is irrational. It is not even instinctive. It is an intellectual debasement. It is the uttering of counterfeit coin. It is bad. It is wrong. What makes prostitution possible? Economic inequalities. Prostitution amongst the rich becomes possible when an idle male class is able to offer economic advantages to a destitute female class. No woman prostitutes herself as a result of emotional stress. The satisfaction of emotional stress is not prostitution. It is legal or illegal sexual intercourse, as the case may be. Prostitution only results when the woman gains material advantage from the sale of her body. The woman who sells herself for material advantage prostitutes herself. It matters not whether the price be in coin, in position, or permanent material welfare. If it be a commercial contract and not an emotional relationship, it is prostitution. It may be that the prostitution is of an ephemeral character, a daily surrender to fresh terms offered and accepted, it may be that it is for the more permanent condition called marriage, or the less permanent one of mistress. Whatever the period may be does not alter the relationship. If it is essentially commercial, it is also essentially prostitution. In its reflex action upon society, however, it is seen that the more ephemeral the relationship the more disastrous its effects. Prostitution is also seen amongst the poor. Here, too, it is the effect of economic stresses. The women, to obtain the means of subsistence, sell themselves. The men, unable to enter into permanent and loving unions, satisfy the sexual desire in the easiest manner. Prostitution is the inevitable result of unbalanced economic pressures. It was said above that every healthy woman desires to satisfy the sexual instinct. It might be thought, therefore, that prostitution was largely due to this desire to gratify the natural instinct. But this is not so. The fundamental instinctive desire to satisfy the sexual appetite is only at first formless. And it is always free from the taint of commerce. When the desire achieves definiteness it is usually associated, by the growth of the mental processes, with the desire for union with a particular individual or individuals. The desire is not generally for promiscuity. Where the mental processes are dulled or atrophied the desire is a more general desire. It has not individualised itself. With the matured powers of reflection, and the association of ideas, the desire for the sexual act becomes less general and more particular. There are instinctive attractions and instinctive repulsions. These attractions and repulsions modify the direction of the desire for the sexual act. It is this which also distinguishes prostitution from mere informal union. In prostitution there is as the predominant impulse to the act the economic pressure. It is a means to an end. It is not an end itself. It implies a sacrifice. The woman does not desire the union for itself. She submits to it because the economic stress is beyond her power to resist. The sexual act, which ordinarily is the culmination of a period of emotional stress, requires afterwards a period of abstinence for recuperation. Ephemeral prostitution, the daily commerce, with at times the sexual act committed more than once, does not permit this recuperation. It is bad, therefore, physically for the female. It is usually accompanied by intemperance in drinking or eating, and this, too, is bad. It is almost invariably surrounded by poverty and insanitary conditions. And this, too, is bad. Prostitution is bad for the women who submit. It is bad for the men whose environment of poverty, or of riches, determine them to exercise it. A great number of men and women are affected by it. Their affectation by it affects society. It is one of the cancerous growths of the modern economic and social system. Although the desire for the sexual act is as instinctive and natural as the desire for food, its satisfaction is modified by the environment. The conditions by which we are surrounded in society limit the mode of satisfaction of both appetites. There is also a difference between them. But it is a difference of degree and not of kind, as is usually supposed. Food is constantly desired. It is necessary continually to repair the wastage of tissue. The sexual act, as a purely normal and instinctive function, is not constantly desired. In a healthy man or woman, who lives a sane and balanced life, with sessions of regular and pleasant work and alternations of rest and recreative pursuits, well and suitably fed, housed, clothed, and educated, the sexual act is desired only at recurring periods. The organism becomes charged with an emotional stress of a healthy character, after a period of abstinence. Its complete satisfaction implies the dispersion of the charge. And a period of quiescence from emotional stress follows. Psychologically, the emotions are controlled by the will. This in a relative sense only. The exercise of the will itself is the expression of resistance or surrender to stimuli. The will follows the pressure of the greatest stresses. The will, per se, expresses the dominant tendencies, resulting from past pressures as well as present pressures. Each one does what to himself seems good. Man learns by his mistakes. Certain courses of action are found to have ill effects, and in proportion as they are perceived to have these ill effects, man modifies his actions. In this he obeys the pressure of the environment. The desire for food is instinctive. It is the inherent necessity of every organism. Some foods are good: they make for growth. Some foods are bad: they check or destroy growth. In so far as man's reflective powers enable him to do so, and his memory aids him, he will satisfy his desire by the one and evade the other. It is the same with the sexual instinct. His powers of reflection and memory guide him to a sense of what is right. Constant gratification of the sexual desire is not instinctive. It is intellectual. It is debased by wrongly formed powers of reflection and memory. Man, as individual, obeys the pressure of his environment. Man, collectively, as society, forms his environment. Society can alter the environment. Society can alter individual man. Julian Warde. (To be continued.) "A Night in the Luxembourg."* IT would seem, when one walks ill-dressed and hungry through the gay streets of luxury, that London is an unfeeling place. And so it is. London will not give one bread if it can possibly help it. But this is looking at Life from the material point of view. Rather let us consider how many people personally unknown to us are busily looking after our souls. Consider how kindly Mr. Charles Brookfield bustles up to us when we are incautiously entering the theatre to see "The Secret Woman," just as the representative of the Girls' Friendly Society meets innocent girls on their arrival at the railway stations of the Scarlet Babylon. And now Sir Jesse Boot has joined the ranks of these unseen friends. In order that you * "a Night in the Luxembourg." By Remy de Gourmont. Translated by Arthur Ransome. 5s. (Stephen Swift and Co.) June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 89 and I shall keep our minds unstained, he and the managers of other circulating libraries have suppressed a book in which the Almighty is represented as spending the night in a public park conversing with a few lady friends and a journalist. This consideration is flattering. One feels like the sparrow, who, though sold for half a farthing, cannot fall to the ground without the Father. Yet, under the circumstances, one may reproach Sir Jesse Boot as Peer Gynt reproached the Lord:— " He takes fatherly thought for my personal weal, But economical—no, that he isn't! " because this demoralising book happens to be " Une Nuit au Luxembourg," the work of one of the most exquisite of present-day French writers, Remy de Gourmont. One evening a young journalist, James Sandy Rose, is walking down the Rue Palatine when he perceives that the windows of the Church of Saint Sulpice are ablaze with the light of torches. He goes in and finds the altars lit as though for a feastday; but suddenly the brilliance dies, and he is left in the darkness, conscious only of the figure of a man, who stands gazing at the statue of the Virgin with curious intentness. Rose goes to him, drawn by a singular hypnotism, and finds that it is God. Arm in arm they leave the sombre church and go through the empty streets to the Luxembourg, black with the gloom of the winter night. The gates swing back miraculously as they come, and by this small, perplexing miracle they pass into another and a greater. " A soft and clear daylight was born. .. The trees, suddenly in leaf, the chestnuts blossoming in shafts of white and red, were filled with the song of birds. Blackbirds, on the topmost branches, launched their shrill calls. Bees were already murmuring by; a fly settled on my hand. The great flower-bed was in full bloom.. .. We disturbed a cat that was stalking two cooing pigeons. ... At this moment it seemed to be five o'clock in the morning of a beautiful summer day." To the young man and the god—for there is no God, but only gods—come three divine women. " Their smiles made a light within the light." Together they gather roses and walk in solitary parks; they sit down in a green arbour to a feast of milk, brown bread, and strawberries; they watch the roebucks coursing down the glades of the immense and magical forest that springs up about them. It would be hard to describe the clear light, like the soft radiance of a happy dream, which illuminates the simple adventures of the god and his companions. And it would be harder still to describe the sensual purity of the style, its chastity, which is the most abandoned form of voluptuousness, its strangeness. And all through this divine revelling the god speaks his philosophy. It is not quite such a startling philosophy as either he (M. de Gourmont) or his translator thinks. The god's views of metaphysics would hardly startle a Polytechnic. Apparently Bergson is admired aloft, for the god adopts with emphasis his thesis that there is no truth since the universe is perpetually changing. What is really valuable about him is his style. It needs no god to tell us that, though Christianity murdered God in its hatred of Life, it has about it an incomparable simplicity and tenderness. Yet not often has it been put like this: "The gospels, my gospels! Poor and happy books! What a strange fate had these pious dreams of some Jews disturbed by drunken prophets! Imposture has made in them such naïve arabesques with faith! Have you read the Acts of the Apostles? It is not so good as 'Aladdin and the Marvellous Lamp,' but how moving it is! These men touch God with their hands. And it is pastoral and fairy-tale at once. It is a pantheism of ingenuous conjurors. Behold me a carpenter, a fisherman, a prophet, a magician; I am hanged and buried; I am resuscitated and mount to heaven; there I re-descend in the form of tongues of fire. I am one, I am two, I am three; I am a dove, I am a lamb, I am God, and all at once. And the nations understand; the doctors explain. Everybody believes. Truth reigns. Happiness is poured into pacified hearts." That is not surprisingly subtle thinking nor very difficult irony, but it is exquisite writing. He then explains the relationship between men and the gods, a race of Supermen, two or three thousand in number. "Raise by many powers the genius of your geniuses, and you have the measure of those among us who dominate the others.. .. Your arts, your sciences, your noblest passions are instincts in us." They take some interest in men, but have no love for them. "Your prayers move us, as the songs of the birds move you, according to our mood; we find them painful or agreeable, and in either case pass on, thinking of serious matters, that is to say, the living of our own lives." They exercise a certain amount of control over the earth. "To make a system that should have some distant relation to the truth. .. take, if you like, if Latin thought is more familiar to you, the poem of Lucretius and Ovid's Metamorphoses; attempt an interpretation which should derive part from universal determinism and part from divine caprice... ." Yet they, too, like men, must die. They have a long, long life fortified with divine knowledge, but death comes at the end as the last decree of Destiny, who rules over the gods as the gods rule over men. However, in the clear light of their divinity they have perceived a philosophy. "The wise man has ADOLPHE LADIES' TAILOR SPECIAL SALE of PARIS made BLOUSES at greatly reduced prices from 15/to 60/- TAILOR SUITS made to order as skelch 6 Guineas A L'Ideal Cie 15 Sloane St., S.W. Victoria 2024 90 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 but one belief: himself; the wise man has but one fatherland: life.. .. There is no other ethic than this: the conquest of pain." Physical pain is a mistake to be corrected by the doctors, and moral pain is to be flung aside as the worst of humiliations, except when it may be turned into a subtle, stabbing kind of pleasure. This is the message that the god has come to give to men. Men are the most inconsiderable of terrestrial accidents, owing their supremacy simply to their discovery of the Art of Fire. The continued supremacy of their species is not assured. And, individually, each man is doomed to death, however proudly his spirit may aspire. "Earth has become a narrow cage for you. However, birds that you are, it is your cage, and you are forbidden to leave it.. .. You will no longer go to heaven, the stars have fallen. If the heaven of which the childhood of humanity dreamed is paradise, all the seats in it are taken.. .. Besides, at what moment would you undertake the journey? At your death? When one is dead, it is a little late for travelling." Therefore, let men embrace the philosophy of living ardently, with, as one's last weapon against the indignity of pain, that ugly but cordial friend, Suicide. One must subdue everything, even one's hunger for martyrdom, to the search for Happiness. To detect the flaw in the god's philosophy we must examine his conception of women. Woman is a creation of man, almost, one might say, a figment of his imagination. They exist, since esse is percipi, but no more. When the god speaks of the goddesses he says: " Our women differ little from yours, that is to say, they bear the same relation to us as yours to you." As a description of the nature of goddesses this lacks depth. However, their sex absolves women from sin. "The difference between the goddess and the girl of the public harem" is the way in which men look on them. One might as well say that there is no difference between a dead woman and a living woman, because they are both women. In fact, the truth is not in M. de Gourmont. And in Rose's description of the goddess who came out of the dream-night in the Luxembourg to dwell with him on earth as his mistress, M. de Gourmont comes as near to commonness as anyone with such a style ever can. "My friend complied with all our customs. But for the memory of the night of magic that had placed her in my arms I should not have distinguished her divine grace from that of a Parisian." This is terrible. But the whole description of the divine women is terrible. Theirs is not the brown nakedness of nymphs racing in the wind and the sun, but the pink nudity of the artists' model. They pick wild flowers, a thing which people who are bred of the earth never do. They are festooned, like Academy statues, with toilé éponge draperies. They coquette heavily and lisp of the richest ways of love, like gourmands conversing of turtle-fat. They are like those plump, infuriatingly common young women that Bouguereau painted. In fact, they are vulgar. And that is what is wrong with the whole book. Its philosophy is slightly vulgar. Vulgarity is a sign of weakliness of spirit, that spirit which is "the life that carves out life," as Nietzsche says. People engaged in sterile activities become vulgar. For instance, it is quite clear from his published utterances that Mr. John Burns was less vulgar when he was a respectable working engineer than he is as a Cabinet Minister. One of the signs of vulgarity is a distaste for work. Creative artists must work or die, and there is a deep sorrow in the heart of the peasant who has to go in from the fields for the last time. But the gentlemen who spend their time stockbrokmg yearn from their earliest youth to "retire." I am sorry to find that the gods are longlived stockbrokers. Happiness is the most unworkable ideal. "A lifetime of happiness!" exclaims John Tanner in " Man and Superman." " No man alive could bear it; it would be hell on earth." Any fool can be happy. It is so easily got. Beer or morphia, or culture, or a life spent in the service of the poor, can buy you happiness. But M. de Gourmont himself admits that the gods have sacrificed the greatest of all things in their abandonment to happiness. " ' Shall I tell you? ' says the god. ' We have no flowers; we have only those that grow wild in our uncultivated fields, our pathless forests! The gods do not work... .' My master plucked a magnificent pearly rose, a rose as lovely as a woman's face, and remained for a long time silent.. .. He murmured, ' Work: this rose is a work... .' " That rose is a symbol of Art. The gods are without Art. This is incredible. Those among men who have been likest gods, in whom vitality has flamed up to something superhuman, have been artists. And they have always disliked happiness. From their earliest days they fell in love with sorrow, provoking tears from their own eyes that they might see more magically. For Tragedy, the eternal, agonising Becoming, is the law by which we must live if we are to create; and the passion for creation is the master passion of Life. It is not without significance that these gods have no children. They are sterile, more barren than men. These are no gods. They are figure studies from the Salon that have leaped from their gilt frames in a passion of boredom. But consider the grace of the book! If a German had become infatuated with these deities, what an affliction the book would have been! Instead of wandering in the magic Luxembourg they would have galumphed down Unter den Linden. And the god would have been a shocking bore. As it is, he is a quaint fellow, not quite a gentleman, and not much of a philosopher, but the delightful friend of a night. Rebecca West. Atheists. IN days when Christianity was triumphant, no charge was attended with more opprobrium than that of Atheism. But a little while ago, to be an atheist meant persecution (by some it is considered a crime to-day), and but a little earlier still it meant death. In 1688 a Polish knight named Casimir Liszinski was cited for atheism by the Bishop of Wilna and Posnovia. He was excommunicated and condemned to be burnt alive. His only crime, apparently, was the compilation of arguments for atheism, for the purpose, so he said, of showing how they could be combated. The second part of his work, however, was never completed. By the grace of the King, he was decapitated before being burnt at Grodno, March 30th, 1689. This was one of the last, if not the last, execution for atheism. I doubt if the whole history of the world can show any men against whom so much abuse, vile invective, and scurrilous slander has been hurled as the atheists. I suppose also that few words have caused more controversy over their definition than the word atheist. Of course, there is a certain sense in which every man is an atheist to every other, since no two men's " Gods " are exactly alike. The Jew who does not believe in Christ must be strictly an atheist to the Swedenborgian, who believes, not only that June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 91 Jesus Christ was God, but that He was Jehovah, the only God. This definition could be extended through all the sects of religionists. The Christians might bear in mind that the charge of atheism was one of the commonest that was brought against the early Christians by the pagans. Voltaire, the "deadly satirist," defined atheist as "a name given by theologians to whoever differs from them in their ideas concerning the Divinity, or who refuses to believe in it in the form in which, in the emptiness of their infallible pates, they have resolved to present it to him." "As a rule," says Voltaire, "atheist is any and every man who does not believe in the God of the priests." I suggest atheism is by no means the abnormal state of mind that some theologians would have us believe, and there can be little doubt that thinking men in all ages have often been troubled with doubts as to the religious opinions of those around them. Many people have held that the atheist is a denier of God; but I affirm (and I believe I am justified, from an etymological point of view, in so doing) that an atheist is simply a person without God. The Greek "a" is primitive, not negative. The broad distinction between theism and atheism is—by theism we understand a system based upon the supernatural; by atheism, a system based upon the natural. The late Charles Bradlaugh said, "Atheism, properly understood, is no mere disbelief: is in no wise a cold, barren negative; it is, on the contrary, a hearty, fruitful affirmation of all truth, and involves the positive assertion of actions of highest humanity." And again, "The atheist does not say, 'There is no God,' but he says, 'I know not what you mean by God; I am without idea of God; the word "God" is to me a sound, conveying no clear or distinct affirmation. I do not deny God, because I cannot deny that of which I have no conception, and the conception of which, by its affirmer, is so imperfect that he is unable to define it to me.' " Charles Bradlaugh was an atheist, and I think we can take it, he knew what he believed, and understood what he taught, and the above definition can at least be taken as the meaning the word conveyed to him. As a sample of the vituperation which has been levelled at the atheist, I cull a few passages from the work of a reverend gentleman (?). I find in this volume " pride and lust, a furious, filthy lust of body," are announced as the atheist's " springs of action "; " desire to act the beast without control, and live like a devil, without a check of conscience," his only "reason for opposing the existence of God." In the same book the atheist is called " beast," " dirty monster," " brute," " enemy of mankind," " wolf," " butcher," " murderer of the human soul," and cursed in the most hearty terms. When such epithets as these are circulated, is it any wonder a number of people " shrink from the atheist as if they feared pollution? " Professor Huxley somewhere in his works says, "Our worst imaginations of hell would pale beside the vision of the torrents of hypocrisy, the lies, and the violation of every obligation of humanity which have flowed in the course of the history of Christian nations, over the doctrine that atheism is a moral offence." Yet I believe the majority of atheists (contrary to being the vile wretches theologians seem so ready to believe them to be) are men of mild, generous, peaceable, studious dispositions, who desire the overthrow of superstition, because convinced a superstitious people never can be free, enlightened, or happy. Lord Bacon observes, "The times inclined to atheism were civil times." It may be here mentioned that during times inclined to religion, it has been computed that in Spain alone no less than 32,382 people were, by the faithful, burnt alive; 17,690 degraded and burnt in effigy; and all the goods and chattels of the enormous number of 291,450 consigned to the chancery of the inquisition. Belief and unbelief are not matters of moral excellence or depravity; they are strictly matters of evidence. The only foundation for any belief is man's knowledge. Those who talk of a "religious sense" appear to me to be assuming the very convenient garb of transcendentalism, with a view to throw dust in the eyes of lookers-on. What appeal can this assertion of a sixth sense make to any intelligent individual who does not possess this faculty, and therefore knows nothing of it ? It can mean nothing more than seeing with the "eye of faith," which in its turn means "believe first, and investigate after." That is, "The wish is father to the thought." All religions have had their birth in ignorance, and those who know nothing can believe anything. The writer who declared, "Theology ignorance of natural causes reduced to a system," did not strike far wide of the mark. The atheist takes the definitions of God which are laid before him for his acceptance, and, finding that they do not fit in with the facts of existence, contradicts them, because the facts contradict them. Atheism holds that whatever actions conduce to the general good are right and virtuous, and that whatever have the opposite tendency are wrong and sinful. It teaches men to be moral now, not because God offers reward by-and-by, but because in the virtuous act itself immediate good is assured to the doer and the circle surrounding him. It would preserve man from lying, stealing, murdering, not from fear of an eternal agony after death, but because these crimes make this life a course of misery. Ingersoll well said, "The object of life is to be happy; the place to be happy is here; the time to be happy is now; the way to be happy is by making others happy." Although atheists have been vilified all through the ages, the history of civilisation is the history of successions of brave heretics and infidels, who have denied false dogmas and brought new thoughts to light. Morality, on which our very existence depends, is not, as some would fain have us believe, analogous with theology, but decidedly distinct. It had no supernatural origin, as most people seem to imagine, but is perfectly natural. Our moral sense and our social sympathies, being a natural growth, they may be developed in the future by the same means which developed them in the past. Laws of morality must arise (if our social health is to be maintained) wherever sentient beings live together in a social state. Emerson admits that "Truth, frankness, courage, love, humility, and all virtues, range themselves on the side of prudence, or the art of securing a present well-being." Or, in the words of Herbert Spencer, "Absolute morality is the regulation of conduct in such a way that pain shall not be inflicted." The atheist confidently appeals to the wise in every nation. He rejects religion because religion is based on principles of imaginative ignorance. To 92 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 him the worship or adoration of what is confessedly unknown is mere superstition. He revolts from all the so-called divine rights and laws. As a student of history he sees that every time man has attempted to advance, to correct the order of things, he has been confronted by God's word, and reminded that it is blasphemy to ignore a divine command. Some may object that my definitions of atheists and their principles are too eulogistic, and ask what good has atheism done. Or they may complain that what I have defined as atheism is really secularism. I reply, atheism, infidelity, rationalism, free thought, and scientific investigation, which can all be ranked together, have furnished the world with a host of men who have brought the truths of science and reason to the knowledge of man, thereby doing a thousand times more real good to mankind than all the teachers of supernaturalism who have lived through all the ages. We are told, "It would be difficult to name a philosopher at once so subtle, so profound, so bold, and so good as David Hume." And, as every student of his writings knows, "In the person of David Hume the world saw absolute atheism coexistent with genius, learning, and moral excellence, rarely, if ever, surpassed." Professor Tyndal, in his lecture on "Science and Religion," says: "If I wished to find men who are scrupulous in their adherence to engagements, whose words are their bond, and to whom moral shiftiness of any kind is subjectively unknown—if I wanted a loving father, a faithful husband, an honourable neighbour, and a just citizen, I should seek and find him among the band of atheists. I have known some of the most pronounced among them, not only in life, but in death—seen them approaching with open eyes the inexorable goal, with no dread of a 'hangman's' whip, with no hope of a heavenly crown, and still as mindful of their duties, and as faithful in the discharge of them, as if their eternal future depended upon their latest deed." In conclusion, I feel sure every reader of The Freewoman will look with favour upon the utopianism of the atheist, Robert G. Ingersoll, and reciprocate his sentiments when he said, "I see a world where thrones have crumbled, and kings are dust. The aristocracy of idleness has perished from the earth. I see a world without a slave. Man at last is free. Nature's forces have by science been enslaved. Lightning and light, wind and wave, frost and flame, and all the secret, subtle powers of earth and air are the tireless toilers for the human race. I see a world at peace, adorned with every form of art, with music's myriad voices thrilled, while lips are rich with words of love and truth—a world on which the gibbet's shadow does not fall; a world where labour reaps its Pull reward; where work and worth go hand in hand; where the poor girl, in trying to win bread with the needle—the needle that has been called 'the asp for the breast of the poor'—is not driven to the desperate choice of crime or death, of suicide or shame. I see a world without the beggar's outstretched palm, the miser's heartless, stony stare, the piteous wail of want, the livid lips of lies, the cruel eyes of scorn. I see a race without disease of flesh or brain—shapely and fair, the married harmony of form and function—and, as I look, life lengthens, joy deepens, love canopies the earth; and over all, in the great dome, shines the eternal star of human hope." Many atheists conceal their sentiments on account of the odium which would certainly be their reward in this "Christian" country, did they avow them. As the odium attached to the term slowly dwindles, we may expect to find less heed given to its repudiation. But, without waiting for that time to come, if the quotation which I have given from Ingersoll is the ideal for which atheism is struggling, then I am proud and pleased to be branded "atheist." Fred Collins. Provided For. AUNT BAKER, Aunt Baker! Have you heard the news? Judith is engaged! " " Dear, dear! you don't say so! " said the old lady. " At last!" " Sh! sh! naughty! " scolded handsome Ida, who earned £150 a year as companion-secretary to a wealthy lady. Rosamond, Aunt Baker's favourite, a flourishing teacher of music, remarked : " You don't ask, engaged in what? " " Or engaged to whom? " cried Ida. " I think we can guess! " Aunt Baker leaned forward and murmured, " Mr. Coulson, I suppose? " The two nieces nodded. " Dear! how pleased your dear mother would have been. Well, there's one of you, at any rate, provided for without exertion." " Hm! " went Ida. " Query? " said Rosamond. " He's not been deceiving you, has he? I thought you told me he had a good post in the Home Office, and was likely to rise." " Oh, yes, he's got an income all right! " " Your father would inquire about that, of course. He won't give his consent if it's not as it should be! " " Dear, old-fashioned aunty! " said Rosamond, stroking the old lady's hand. "Father will be only too glad to get Judith off his hands at any price. He doesn't want to provide for her." " Besides, we don't wait for fathers' consents nowadays! " explained Ida. " I know young ladies are very independent, but that's not always the way to get a husband. Only Judith, so far, and she's the youngest." " Ida and I set out to get an income first. The husband can come along afterwards, if he likes." " That's all very well when you're young, but who's to provide for you when you get old and not able to work, like me? " " Why, aunty, you screwed enough out of your poor little teacher's salary to buy yourself an annuity. We earn six times as much as ever you did. I got £300 by my teaching last year." " I know you're both very clever, my dear! But then you dress so well, and have such good holidays, as I never did." " We don't mean to wait till we're quite old to begin to enjoy life." " Well, I wish there was someone to provide for you two as well as Judith! " " The Lord will provide! " said Rosamond, half seriously, " or perhaps, if we're very good, Mr. Lloyd George! " "Anyone, so long as he's not my lord and master! " " Seriously, though, Aunt Baker, how many of our own married friends have been 'provided for,' as you call it, by their husbands? Take Aunt Maria, for instance! " " She was left a widow, poor dear! " "Exactly! A widow, without means. There's a case in point. And how well she managed, with June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 93 her four children, taking in boarders and paying for a good education for boys and girls, and now they're all doing well." " Her husband was a doctor, cut off in the prime of life." " There are a good many such. Then there was our neighbour, Mrs. S-! " " He was the widower in that case! " laughed Ida. "Not for long! Six months, wasn't it, before there was a second Mrs. S-? " " Poor man! " sighed Aunt Baker; " how could he manage alone with those four little children? " " Of course not! " said Rosamond; " a man can't work at home as well as abroad, like a woman, like Aunt Maria." " Well, there's your cousin Marion, at any rate! She has everything that heart could wish." " With one exception, aunty! " " I know she said the other day she would like a yacht. I dare say he'll give her that in time. I "know he can afford it! " " I mean, the price she has to pay—her husband's company." " Oh, my dear, it doesn't do to be so particular. A husband is a husband." The two nieces laughed. " Even if he be a glutton and a fool! " " We'll give you Marion, if you like, aunty; it does not take you far. Few men have Henry's income, at any rate; and few girls would care for such an appendage to it." " I've just thought of someone," cried Rosamond. " Mrs. L. E." " She made all the children's clothes till they were twelve, taught them all till the same age without a governess, and threw in a little journalism now and then for her own pocket money. I think it's clear who had the best of the bargain there! " " Well, at any rate, he was a thorough good sort, and is. No family could be more united and happy than they are." " And no husband depends more upon his wife than he does." " Then there's Gertrude, who helped her husband in his school, and saved him the salary of an assistant master. She had six babies besides." " And Helen, who wrote books with one arm while she nursed the babies with the other." " And while he lay on the floor and read her his poems! " " And Annie, who they always said was her husband's curate. She presided over all the mothers' meetings, boys' clubs, and men's debates, and saved on an income of less than 200! " " My dear, these are all exceptions. You are speaking of clever women! " " Well, there's our little dressmaker, Mrs. Richardson, a regular Madame Mantalini. She told me once she never had anything from him since the second year of their marriage." " He's been in a consumption. He can't earn." " Or our old servant, Margaret! " chimed in Ida. "She provides at least her own half of the family means by taking in washing. I should think she scarcely has a day's holiday in the year! " " Margaret's husband is not bad, though, Ida," said Rosamond. " He does bring some grist to the mill. They get on all right, if it wasn't for his temper, as she always says." " You girls are so impatient. You can't have everything." " No! That's why I'd rather have an income than a husband with a temper." " You forget there's such a thing as affection. Think of your own dear mother! " The two nieces looked at each other. In both was the secret thought, never expressed even to each other, that their mother had been done to death by an exacting and selfish man, though she, poor dear, had never complained. They (the daughters) had looked on powerless, and had become, in revenge, private rebels against the tyranny of any man, including their father. " One can't judge of a case so near to oneself," said Ida, hastily. It was another secret thought that the father accepted too complacently the addition to the family income made by his sister Aunt Baker's contribution to the housekeeping. Aunt Baker, as they phrased it to themselves, had had the life crushed out of her too much in the mill of school routine to have any spirit left for rebellion. What the man of the family does is right, was her useful formula for almost every case. " Of course, there's another side to it, aunty," said Rosamond. "We could think of plenty of happy marriages if we tried." " There are some bad wives as well as bad husbands !" " Of course! the vampire kind," said Ida. " That's only another side of the same thing! economic dependence." " Well, my dear, it's better to be married than single, no matter what." " Incorrigible aunty! We'll try and find a nice husband for you! " " I should not refuse one, dear, even at the eleventh hour. It's pleasant to be of consequence. You're nobody if you're single." " And only the wife of So-and-So if you're married. Woman's fate is hard, take it how you may! " " Not so bad, Rosie," said Ida. " You and I have a real jolly time." OF ALL HIGH CLASS DRAPERS AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" ( c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. 94 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 " So we do! and I dare say Judith will, too. I don't deny that if I could get a husband which "— (" Who" put in Ida)—" who included economic independence, I should be quite pleased. But unless and until, I'm content to be as I am! " Judith, in the meantime, was murmuring to her Alan in the orchard. " I want to tell you something, Alan! I'm not a bit clever, not even in housekeeping. I can't even cook. Do you mind? " " Of course not, dearie! It's you I want! " And so he did—and does. Fanny Johnson. A Vision in the Strand. THE time was a winter evening, and the place the Strand. The narrow street was full, and its life was at its highest. On the pavement were the usual types, doing all the conventional things. There were hustling women and men; and of the men some looked keen and strong and efficient, such as the men of business, and those unmistakable people, the men of law, who, I suppose, were coming from their Chambers and the Courts, hurrying back to their impeccable families round South Kensington way—Kensington, home of the unimpeachably select. Now and then I saw an elderly roué entering a restaurant with his actress-mistress, jewelled, ermined, deep-bosomed, but above all, tragically apathetic, with wide eyes that looked THE RELIGIOUS ASPECT OF THE Women's Movement MEETINGS at QUEEN'S HALL, JUNE 19th. Speakers :— BISHOP OF OXFORD (Dr. Gore), BISHOP OF HULL, Mrs. CREIGHTON, Rev. Dr. SCOTT LIDGETT, Mr. T. EDMUND HARVEY, M.P., Mrs. RUNCIMAN, Mrs. F. E. WILLEY, M.D., Rev. WILLIAM TEMPLE, M.A., Miss MAUDE ROYDEN. Special Reports will appear in the "CHRISTIAN-------- COMMONWEALTH" of Wednesday, June 26th Price 1d. ORDER AT ONCE OF YOUR NEWSAGENT. THE CHRISTIAN COMMONWEALTH, Salisbury Sq., Fleet Street, E.C. Special reports of the meetings at the Queen's Hall on June 19th on "The Religious Aspect of the Women's Movement" will appear in a four-page supplement to the next issue of the Christian Commonwealth (June 26th, price 1d.). anywhere but into the face of the man beside her, that face with its narrow eyes agleam with lust, and its crinkled nose almost meeting the fat, pursed-up lips; the whole giving the sense of the sudden lifting of a veil that discloses real evil, absolute evil, evil incarnate in a strange and satyr-like shape, man in physical configuration only, and in all else beast. There were all the others, too, that go to complete the scene, determined pleasure-seekers and raucous newsboys. But more I could not say than that there was all around me a great tumult, and the press of men coming and going, and a turbulent, ever-shifting sea of faces, ghastly pale in the rays of the arc-lamps that stood out against the black masonry, silent and cold and white, like some impassive moon lighting the awful darkness of an unexplored sea. In the roadway the black chain of traffic stretched far away into the distance. I saw the monstrous shapes of the motor-omnibuses as they swung on before me, and I shuddered at their approaching lights, that seemed to me as the threatening eyes of some hideous and primaeval beast that moves on very surely and inexorably to ruin and to devastate. As they came nearer one could smell their blue, acrid fumes, and this seemed the beast's very breath; and I heard their tearing, grinding shrieks, and this was the beast's fearful and irresistible cry. Above all, on either side, rose the masonry, black, sheer, interminable, like the hopeless walls of a cavern from which there is no ascending up to the light. ***** * * Then the miracle happened. One part of the road, near the centre, was being repaired, so that the traffic swung on past this island. There were all the trappings, so familiar to those who use the London streets, the tarpaulin shelter, the glowing brazier, the watchman keeping his vigil. He stood there, red and vivid in the fire-glow, a shortish man, a grey man, of about fifty. His face was cleanshaven, furrowed, and weather-beaten. His lips were tightly compressed, and their pinched look told its story. From the corner of his mouth jutted a short, clay pipe. He stood there with his hands in the pockets of his coat, four-square to the wind, with head tilted a little back. He had grey eyes, calm, patient, unflinching, that gazed up and out into the distance. The fire burned on, lighting up the hollows of his face, and the passing traffic roared around him; and still he stood and gazed on, mute, straight, carven, red upon black, and his grey eyes looked out far into the night. So still was he, and so riotous the activity that encircled him, that I saw in him, in a sort of way, the very symbol and archetype of rest amid motion, a rock standing firm amid roaring and tumultuous seas. Then I understood a thing that I had never understood before. I thought I knew what was the vision of which his eyes were so enamoured. He was seeing a great oncoming host, with lusty tread and irresistible march. From all the ends of the earth they were coming up, from North and South, and East and West, the dauntless, breathless army of toil. I knew in that moment that the dignity of labour and the poetry of industrialism could no longer be mere phrases to me. I saw the massed hordes bathed in the furnace glow, burnishing the blackness of the northern sky. The booming of machinery and the clanging of revolving wheels made music for me, and the ringing hammer a transcendent harmony. I saw the.. . "Come for a stroll now, dearie," said a voice in my ear, of a quite unmistakable timbre, and, turning round, I awoke, my vision fled. Cyril Picciotto. June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 95 In the Wake of the "Titanic." The doer and the feeler and the thinker are at one— The worker and the woman and the wise; For of action is born thought, And from feeling truth is wrought (By joy or sighs). And true thought is the creator of the morrows that shall be On the living fertile land and the vast all-purging sea. Join hands and link your counsels, ye who think and feel to-day— The workers and the women and the wise beneath the sun!— Ye who do the deed, and, doing, are at peace, Though your struggle may not cease Till the passing of the need, Yet ye bring the great to-morrow in the doing of your deed, That the hunger-strife from earth may pass away. * * * * * Death spake the other day When the ice-world cast its sway Over thousands lured, all helpless, to an unsuspected doom ; But from death has sprung new life, Inspiration from the tomb, Energising all the strife Of the worker and the woman and the wise. Let the triple band unite, Strength and passion, inward sight, Finding impulse and incentive in death's drama on the sea. To arise self-taught and free, Men and women in their place, To the rescue of the race! Let men die, if die they must, Earth to earth and dust to dust, When their human course is run, But one life shall be as sacred as another 'neath the sun : On the deck or in the hold, Brave or timid, weak or bold, Seek and save them one by one, Human lives as fair as flowers, Potencies of thought and will, Striving onward, upward still, With the quickening sun and showers, In the springtime of the year. Hark and hear The warning of the worker and the woman and the wise ! Man is greater than his output, life itself a deeper prize Than the triumphs of ambition in the mighty ocean race. Well the moon might veil her face, While the death dirge of the many marked the surfeit of the few, And the voice of the Atlantic sang their requiem whom it slew. ***** The doer and the feeler and the thinker are at one, The worker and the woman and the wise ! From each band the stalwarts come To re-make the nation's home ; Hand in hand at Freedom's call, Step they gladly, one and all. Barriers rent by sympathy Set their pent-up forces free ; Neither sex nor caste nor creed Severs them in thought or deed. One they stand, and one they climb, Pioneers of a nobler time— Workers! women! wise ones all ! Hear the call! Pass the message round the earth, Herald in the glad new birth— In the fields and in the homes The Free World comes ! Helen Meredith Macdonald. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. THE NECESSITY? To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I had not time to write a comment on Dr. Wrench's article last week, and I fear that my letter will be too late for this week's issue. I trust, however, that you will find room for it in your next number. Dr. Wrench's plea for the Japanese Yoshiwaras reminds one of the worse kind of French novel, the novel, that is, that takes some vulgar intrigue, decks it out with finery, and, putting it into elegant surroundings, insinuates thus that it is both charming and desirable. For though Dr. Wrench refers conventionally to "this most pitiable business of prostitution," the whole trend of his article goes to prove that he thinks there is nothing the matter with prostitution, as long as it is sufficiently unashamed, and indulged in in an artistic setting. He has the usual covert gibe at missionaries and Christian influence generally, which we are led to understand does not diminish, but only vulgarises vice. If this is true, it is already in my mind a progress. To expose the ugliness and vulgarity of ugly and vulgar things is to strip them of some of their power. I do not propose here to discuss the value or otherwise of the work of missionaries, but I give it as my opinion that if (the average man had a tenth of the courage and devotion to the good of humanity of the average missionary, there would soon be an end to prostitution, both in Yoshiwaras and in the less gilded purlieus of Piccadilly. When Dr. Wrench has served in a leper colony, and risked his life in a Chinese plague centre, he can begin with more show of justice to gibe at missionaries. Again, in this article we hear of the demand that fosters prostitution as "a necessity of social life." Oh, how sick we are of man's "necessity" and all his disloyal excuses for the exploiting of womanhood! For Heaven's sake let us know something of that necessity. Let sincere men speak honestly, and tell us the truth about their necessity. Have we been lied to from the first? Is purity really impossible to man? Have there never been any genuine ascetics, any pure priests? Do Arctic explorers take their wives with them? And to those to whom sex is an obsession, is there no possibility of their indulging it alone, without obtruding their "necessities" upon women ? If sexual exchange with women—quite apart from passionate love—is really a necessity to men, then all the talk about prostitution being caused by the bad economic condition of women is only a very small part of the truth, and prostitution obviously incurable, for no system on earth can guarantee to every man during his whole life the freely bestowed gift of a woman's person; some form of bought and sold indulgence will always be necessary, and—as gold is persuasive—forthcoming. If Dr. Wrench really believes in the "necessity," of which he speaks so glibly and so often, he does well to plead for Yoshiwaras. He ought to go much further, however, and plead that prostitutes be considered respectable members of society, as wet nurses are; he ought, moreover, to urge—in the interest of hygiene—State regulation of prostitutes, and the removing of the stigma from so-called "disorderly" houses. And he ought not to mar his plea by speaking with Pharisaical inconsistency of "the pitiable business of prostitution." June 10th, 1912. E. M. Watson. ® © © AN ANALOGY. Madam,—An article in The Freewoman of June 6th, entitled "The Servile State," has moved me to thought, which I herewith take the liberty of laying before you. We. the plain, ugly, or unattractive women, form the 96 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 vast majority of the female population of the world. Through no fault of our own, we have been placed at a disadvantage, and thereby handicapped in our struggle for existence; and, do what we may, our efforts—no matter how earnestly, honestly and intelligently undertaken—are as naught before the powers of the beautiful and attractive women. That women are beautiful and attractive is owing to no merit of their own. Wherever she goes, the attractive woman is a cause of unrest, trouble, jealousy, and unhappiness—sometimes even of tragedy. She is a menace to households and to families. She ruthlessly deprives us—the plain ones—of our legitimate right to the undivided affection and loyalty of our husbands, and, in short, of all we hold most dear. Therefore, to give to all women an equal chance of happiness and security in their marital relations, and other conditions of life, why not let it be decreed that the favoured few have their beauty taken from them by means of some arming process—that a bow-and-arrow bit of a mouth be made a wide one, or that the witchery of a pair of eyes be marred by a squint? I ask, would not this be just as reasonable and fair as the propositions set forth in "The Servile State"?—I remain, etc., Virginia K. Wearne. June 12th, 1912. [We gather our correspondent means to imply that an analogy exists between the tribute paid to beauty and the rent of ability, the rightness of which we questioned in "The Servile State. II." We are obliged for the suggestion, as we find it illustrates our view considerably better than the view of our correspondent. The latter implies that beauty is a natural gift, as is also giftedness and genius. Let us grant that for the moment, and pass on to the second point, i.e., that tribute in the form of admiration and love is given to beauty, and that, therefore, in fairness, tribute should be paid to talentedness in the form of material wealth. Here the untenableness of our correspondent's position becomes plain. Just as tribute to beauty cannot decently take the form of material wealth, so talent will begin to show a sensitiveness against receiving its tribute and acknowledgment in that form. To make money out of beauty or genius is a very unpleasant matter—a very gross exploitation. Their rightful and necessary tribute is another quality —the admiration which does not seek to possess or warp, or turn to individual profit, but which seeks rather to leave free and unsullied. Indeed, talent, like beauty, suffers no hurt in being paid in its rightful coin. By denying the rent of ability we do not hurt ability in any sense analogous to the destruction of beauty implied in our correspondent's analogy. On the contrary, rather we increase its worth, its essential virtue, and restore to it a dignity which unworthy exploitations on the part of its possessors have brought it within danger of losing. —Ed.] and ® ® PASS THE BILL. Madam,—I am grateful to Mr. Norman for modifying the extreme severity of his attitude towards the "Pass the Bill" Committee. It did not occur to me to " meet " the suggestion that the Vigilance Society was one of the original parents of the Bill. I thought that this was so well known to all THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD.. 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. interested that I did not even notice that it was hinted at by Mr. Norman; but, if he had wished to verify his dark suspicions, we would have been happy to send him a leaflet, or a reprint of Mr. Alexander's letter in the Spectator of March 2nd, giving him the facts of the Bill's origin. Mr. Norman gives no reason for saying that prostitution and the "White Slave Traffic" must be dealt with together. Your other correspondent, Mrs. (Miss?) Gertrude Slater, sees the distinction between women trading independently as prostitutes, and girls being trapped into sex exploitation for other's profit. The fact that, as Miss Jane Addams points out in her new book, deception and kidnapping and drugging are employed, shows that it is desirable that more effective legislation against the trade in women should precede any attack on prostitution, for the obvious reason that any sudden diminution of the supply of prostitutes would make the market value higher for a time, and the danger to unprotected girls consequently greater. The object of the present Bill is not to be harsh to brothel keepers, but to protect human beings from slavery. Mr. Norman would be surprised by the harshness of the methods used to stop the ordinary slave trade when its suppression by law was undertaken. I made no mistake in stating that a woman may be arrested on suspicion of being a prostitute; a suspected night-walker may be taken into custody without a warrant for "loitering," the definition of " night-walker " and " loitering " being left to the discretion of the police. This obviously puts any woman who may be out at night in danger of a police mistake. The Bill certainly does not go very far, but a Bill which does go far has no chance of passing. The Bill of last year contained the raising of the age of consent, and the protection of boys under nineteen, but achieved nothing. If an effective law cannot be passed all at once it is a practical expedient to divide it up, and pass it one thing at a time. In my personal opinion, an attack on the traffic is likely to diminish the demand for prostitution. If large profits can be made out of the demand for women, it is extremely unlikely that no attempt is made to stimulate the demand—a stimulation which, at any rate, would no longer be organised if the trade became too dangerous to be profitable. It is impossible to know now to what extent the demand is in any way natural, and the least observant person can see how the public can be made to feel all sorts of artificial needs when it is " good for trade." The problem is a complex one, and no society can be blamed for not solving it. " One of the cheapest of human misjudgments is to imagine that there is always a good way out of a bad case." The common way of bringing up boys to think that women exist for the convenience and comfort of men, and of teaching girls to be parasites, docile and obedient, is, I believe, one of the principal contributory causes of prostitution, but it is still an official ideal in education, and Mr. John Burns preaches that the object of educating girls is to "make men happy." But to change official ideals is a long and difficult business. The Criminal Law Amendment Bill has at any rate secured a second reading; the most that we can expect is that, if it passes, it will make the administration of the existing law more effective, and that the agitation connected with it will have carried public opinion a few steps forward. Katharine Vulliamy. ® ® @ CHAMPIONS OF MORALITY. Madam,—Perhaps you will allow me to add to the very interesting remarks of Mr. C. H. Norman contained in your issue of June 6th. First, with regard to the National Vigilance Association. May I say that this organisation is " national " in name only? There is no person of eminence on its committee—the arts and sciences, literature and the drama are not represented (be it said to their credit); we are merely made acquainted with a few doubtless wellintentioned and respectable " reverend " gentlemenincluding a bishop and an earl—and with one or two ladies who are perhaps better known for what they haven't accomplished than for what is generally attributed to them. (There are many cultured and educated suffragists who would like to see Mrs. Henry Fawcett resign her position as a member of the committee of this anomalous association). It is perfectly true that the " Vigilance " Association is the parent of the so-called " White Slave Traffic " Bill, June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 97 as it is also the parent of that really funny deputation which recently waited upon the Home Secretary in regard to the " indecent " literature prohibition proposals. Mr. Coote's strange organisation has been established for over a quarter of a century, and although it arrogates to itself the position of keeper of public morals! !! prostitution and the White Slave Traffic have both increased enormously within the last twenty-five years. Pray, Madam, when did Mr. Coote and his peculiar thinking friends hold the last public protest meeting against prostitution? Really, the manner the " Vigilance " Association attacks the White Slave Traffic is too farcical for words. In spite of the fact that its motto is " Prevention is better than cure," a solitary woman worker has been stationed at Liverpool Docks to cope with the traffic in girls to the United States, etc. Am I mistaken in thinking that Liverpool Docks are a few miles long? Let me assure Mr. Norman that the much-vaunted " Vigilance " Association has never attempted to secure the appointment of a Commission to inquire into the causes of prostitution. The reason is not far to seek. The object of the association is to conceal, as much as possible, the existence of this terrible canker, and not to foster healthy inquiry. As a matter of fact, the " Vigilance " committee always say, " The subject has been exaggerated," a statement which exemplifies ignorance of their subject, or hypocrisy of the blackest dye. And woe betide the brave man and woman who venture to express themselves too freely on the causes of prostitution! Why, it is only a few months since Mr. G. Kerschener-Knight and Mr. Frank Harris suffered at the hands of Mr. Coote's organisation—"respectable" and "holy" as it is! These gentlemen's writings admittedly strike at the root of the evil. The former's suggestion, that a huge "militant" demonstration should take place in the West End of London, to the accompaniment of the distribution of many thousands of handbills detailing the causes of prostitution (i.e., men's demand), would speedily bring the question to an issue. Another suggestion of Mr. Knight's is too good to give the go-by. It is that wealthy and well-known patrons of prostitutes (Cabinet Ministers and M.P.'s in particular) should have their constituencies placarded with their doings! May the idea be materialised ! I can assure Mr. Norman that the " Vigilance " Association has no genuine intention of educating public opinion. Indeed, its officers are more concerned with sneers and cheap gibes at the balance sheet of the Religious Tract Society, the good work accomplished by Miss Weston, and the expenditure of the funds of the W.S.P.U., than with the tremendous problem of prostitution. June 9th, 1912. Fatum. P.S.—Surely the White Slave Traffic and prostitution are subjects which ought to be brought home to men and women of every shade of opinion? Good luck to you, and those who fight with you ! ® ® ® THE OSCAR WILDE MONUMENT. Madam,—Art exhibitions galore, and columns on them week by week. Kind criticisms. So-and-So is always interesting. We must not overlook Mr. A. B.'s canvas. Carefully acquired statistic-like information on Chinese art, and Mr. Sickert, as errant knight in the English Review, trying to rescue the Academy. It is all very pathetic; a beautiful, uncomprehended foreign waif, who never wanted to come to England at all, and a lot of insignificant little natives trying to show off; and poor Mr. Sickert struggling very hard to make it clear that if we want to be imitative, it is in every way better to imitate those who could express what they hadn't got, rather than those who won't express, though they've got it. I see what he means, but I'm left cold. It doesn't any of it matter, except, of course, as an academic point. In the really important things one never thinks of justification. If we want to get away from all this, there is Mr. Epstein's monument to Oscar Wilde, on view at his studio; a work so great and so impressive that one stands hushed before it. On the side of approach (I was told afterwards that the side to which one instinctively draws BOOKS Political, Literary, Educational, Scientific, Medical, Law, Theological, and ALL other subjects SECOND-HAND AT HALF PRICE! New at 25% Discount. Catalogue No. 563. Post Free. State Wants. Books sent on approval. Books Bought: Best prices given. W.and G. FOYLE, 135, Charing Cross Road. London, W.C. to form an initial impression is that from which one will approach it in the cemetery of Père Lachaise), one sees the Sphinx-like figure in relief on a square stone, propelled by destiny, urged forward by the ages. The first sense it gives is of utter inevitability. It could not be other: Life could not be other: Oscar Wilde, other, would not be. The wonderful horizontal wings do not do more than raise the figure, as fate drives it, not as a victim, but as a proud embodiment of the power forcing it on. I say " it " advisedly, as the impression is hermaphrodite. The legs, with the thighs at an oblique angle with the body, and the straight arms stretched backward, are turned palm to palm and sole to sole. The square fingers are not undercut: no stone is chiselled away except where it is essential. The head, more feminine than the body, is crowned with lusts (I don't know whether the artist would use this word), and on the forehead is a winged trumpeter. The creature speeds forward with lowered eyelids, hypnotised, its own enigma; the flat lips and shadow formed nostrils filled with tranced sensuousness. The treatment of the eyes, and the use made of shadow generally, are interesting, and the monumental effect of horizontal lines; but to speak of technique where the whole conception is so completely satisfying seems feeble. It is the only dignified modern monument I have ever seen—and it is going out of the country. Gladys Jones. © @ ® COOKING AND DRUDGERY. Madam,—No article in The Freewoman has been so wide of the mark as is that in your last issue on the domestic "Sweat Shop." Many women and some men enjoy preparing food. I do. The editor of a great London daily, from whom I learned journalism, was an excellent cook. One of the most brilliant authors I know has cooked almost everything eatable. Any Saturday you may see city men taking food home, and if you could see them on Sunday morning you would find some of them cooking the Sunday dinner, and doing it because they like cooking. The suburbanite does not mind being seen doing his garden, though he hates gardening, but often he does object to it being known that his pet hobby is cooking. As for the man left to himself, pigging in the kitchen like a Crusoe, it is only because he does not know how to cook. Why should he wash up after every meal in an empty house well provided with crockery? Does the most domesticated housewife wash soiled linen immediately she has cast it off, and make of everyday a washing day? The lone man does not spread the table or place flowers; in vases, for the same reason that he does not start a gramophone as soon as he has grilled his breakfast bacon. Such adjuncts are unnecessary to the enjoyment of the meal he has prepared. Possibly, as a diner-out, he knows that in lavishly decorated restaurants a bad dinner may be excellently served, and badly cooked dishes eaten to the accompaniment of delightful music. Some of your contributors fall into the common error of assuming that specialisation may destroy drudgery. Drudgery is a result of the division of labour, that is, of specialisation. Doing all the work of the household affords the charm of endless variety, in comparison with the daily labours of millions of men. Some men spend most of the waking hours of their lives in turning pulleys —always the same sort of pulley in the same sort of machine in the same sort of way. The only difference is that they sometimes work by artificial light instead of daylight. Economic science is unlikely to alter the tasks of those employed in specialised industries. On the contrary, it tends to restrict still further the scope of each individual's activity in what may be termed his life's work. Each is to do only what he can do best. He must do that, or nothing. Matters are not mended by giving the specialist more leisure. He wants something else to do. For instance, cooking. But in that reformed state of which your contributors dream, there LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, andc. they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering. 'BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women. 1,1/2 per box, of BOOTS' and all Chemists. 98 THE FREEWOMAN June 20, 1912 will be nothing useful left for him to do in his leisure. The housework is to be done by specialists invading our houses in detachments. Our gardens will be attended to by the same sort of people as those who at present make municipal parks hideous. The scientific specialist is very unlikely to advance the art of living. He will create drudgery, rather than alleviate the misery monotonous toil entails. Really, it is not worth while to do one thing superlatively well, because, with so much specialisation as is already demanded, it requires too much time and energy to succeed. Fancy becoming just a living pianola ! Our outlook and our activities are too circumscribed. Variety is the one thing lacking in a modern career. In domestic duties there is a greater range for every housewife than is possible in any other calling. The joys and cares which give zest to life will be unknown to professional foster-mothers, nurses, knife-wipers, and lamplighters of the enfranchised age. To teach and to educate is excellent, in small doses. But my old schoolmaster took a class in Caesar every day in term for forty consecutive years! Fortunately for his sanity, he relapsed on-—cooking. It is because the outlook is so narrow that there is so much outcry for a return to the land. If it were merely a question of food supply it would be preferable to advocate a policy of one to the sea, which will yield abundant substance for the hungry. The sea is not in the possession of landlords. We can have more fish without diminishing our supplies of venison, grouse, and other foodstuffs. But to fish for what is nobody's is not so gratifying as to take for nothing something which is already somebody's. Many of us do not want to go back to the land, nor to go fishing. Only the force of circumstances will compel us to either employment. Life has other attractions. We escape drudgery by finding things to do which satisfy our craving for action, even if they are otherwise as useless as hunting big game in Africa, or searching for microbes and germs in a laboratory. Some of them may be as useful as housework, and as necessary as cooking. One does not yet need to be a specialist in order to succeed in either. W. Gerrare. @ ® ® CO-OPERATIVE HOUSEKEEPING. Madam,—I trust I am not too late to express an opinion with regard to Mrs. Melvin's promise of the abolition of domestic drudgery by co-operative housekeeping. I am myself one of that despised species, a domestic worker; not from choice, ye gods, no! but from force of circumstances, and am absolutely disgusted with the present system of domestic service, which I regard as entirely rotten and immoral, but I quite fail to see that co-operative housekeeping would, as Mrs. Melvin promises, abolish that almost worst of social evils, domestic drudgery. When the words " abolition of domestic drudgery " caught my eye, I eagerly went over Mrs. Melvin's scheme, but, alas! I found that the abolition of domestic drudgery was not for me, but was for " middle-class people who could, by combining their resources, achieve a far better home life than they have hitherto known." As I understand this co-operative scheme it means nothing more or less than that people who individually could not afford the luxury of a domestic drudge, can, by combination with others in similar circumstances, share this luxury. I can quite understand the benefits which would thus be derived by middle-class people of limited means, and I can quite see that it would, as far as they were concerned, abolish domestic drudgery, but methinks that this common ownership of domestic drudges would not be quite so satisfactory from the domestic drudge's point of view. It is, perhaps, possible, under a system of co-operative housekeeping, that the drudge's hours of labour would be shorter (they could scarcely be longer than at present), but I think there would certainly be crammed into a possibly shorter day infinitely more work than the average domestic now puts in under the present system. I may regard this proposed scheme from an unenlightened mind as from a wrong point of view, but personally I would much prefer to be as I am at present, at the beck and call of one person only, than at the beck and call of perhaps fifty under a co-operative system. The recognition of one employer has been galling enough to me since I entered domestic servitude, but if this evil were multiplied, as it would be under a co-operative scheme, the position, as far as I am concerned, would be absolutely intolerable and impossible. If Mrs. Melvin can show me that I, as a domestic worker, would occupy a better position, if she can convince me that a co-operative system would remove the stigma which attaches so strongly to domestic work and domestic workers, I will do all that in my humble power lies to educate people up to co-operative housekeeping. I am afraid I am horribly selfish, and I would add finally and candidly that I am not in the least concerned about the comfort and convenience of middle-class people of limited means, but I am very much concerned about my own comfort and convenience. I am very much concerned about the removal of the stigma from the class of workers to which I belong, and I doubt very much whether any system will remove this stigma. There appears to be something fundamentally immoral in domestic service; the effect of domestic service on domestic servants is so obviously immoral and bad. Arranged under whatever system we will, domestic work must always be deadening and brutalising work, and, with Upton Sinclair, we must always ascribe to it anaemia, nervousness, ugliness, and ill-temper, prostitution, suicide, and insanity. Kathlyn Oliver, (Late Secretary, Domestic Workers' Union of Great Britain). ® ® © Madam,—I can only assume, after reading Miss Kathlyn Oliver's letter on the subject of Co-operative Housekeeping, either that she did not read my article on "Co-operative Housekeeping and the Domestic Worker " (Freewoman, April 4th), or that she has sadly misunderstood me. I have always maintained that domestic service under present conditions is thoroughly bad, especially in cases where only one servant is kept. The solitary servant has no companionship, no society. Her hours are abnormally long, her duties heavy, her rights and privileges nebulous and dependent on the caprice of her employer. She cannot always depend on getting good food, or sufficient fresh-air exercise, both of which are essential to good health. It is as much to meet the difficulties of the domestic worker as to meet those of the middle-class housewife that my scheme of Co-operative Housekeeping has been framed. Let me briefly state the advantages which would accrue to the domestic worker under that scheme. In the first place, she would not, as Miss Oliver suggests, be at the beck and call of fifty persons instead of one. She would only be working for one person at a time, and her employers would not be the householders for whom she worked, but the central authority of the colony, to whom she would be responsible, and who would be responsible to her. A nurse works for a number of people, but she is always independent of them so long as she does her work properly. If she proved slack or inefficient, the patient can complain to the hospital, but the charge has to be proved, and both the nurse and the patient get a fair hearing. A bad employer in a co-operative housekeeping scheme would soon become known by the evidence of the girls who had worked for her; whereas, if she had been employing a single girl in a private capacity, she could, if the girl refused to submit to oppression, blacken her character beyond any hope of redress. Miss Oliver say that the hours would " possibly " be shorter. They would most certainly be shorter; the domestic worker would have an eight to ten hours' day and regular holidays. She would also have proper quarters at the central hall, a portion of which would be allotted to the housing of the domestic staff. In this way one of the greatest ills of domestic service—loneliness— would be entirely eliminated. The domestic staff would be an independent and self-contained body with proper quarters, fixed hours, and a definite status and definite rights. The evils of domestic service under present conditions arise almost entirely from the fact that domestic workers are an entirely unorganised body. No attempt has been made to define their rights and duties, and the position of the " servant " varies from house to house. At present she has no court of appeal against injustice, neither has the mistress any remedy against slovenly service or inefficiency. When girls find that domestic work has become a skilled vocation which demands training, but which, when entered, gives them a definite status and proper conditions of employment, all conducive to a healthy life such as few other occupations at present open to them are, they will be able to engage in it with very different prospects to those which now confront a girl who is going into service.—Yours faithfully, Alice Melvin. June 20, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 99 "THOUGHT MISTS." Madam,—In attendance at the Freewoman discussion on the above topic on Wednesday, I was struck by the time given to questions utterly irrelevant to the subject. Surely we of the Freewoman circle do not meet for the purpose of discussing the question of God or Religion, as in the usual sense these terms are understood? Such discussions we can get at the various churches to which we may or may not belong, or at any of the Rationalistic centres. What we do need to discuss, at least in my opinion, is questions that we, as men and women, are as yet at variance, such as, for instance, the questions of love, passion, and sex, which so many of us women do not conceive of in the same sense as men do. Hence I entirely agree with the plea of the speaker, that we simplify our language, and consequently our meaning. To illustrate further, in your paper on the "Interpretation of Sex," you make full use of the word "passion," and with that meaning I am in accord. But I have found in discussing matters that many men do not put on the word " passion " the same meaning. As a child I learnt of the " passion " of Jesus Christ, and nearly in the same breath was told my "passions" would lead me to hell. Since then I have gathered that what was meant was capacity for deep feeling. I have heard men describe themselves as "passionate," meaning thereby that they were susceptible to the solicitations of the average prostitute. Another man who was interested in all modern thought described " passion " as the feeling he would have for a woman with whom he was in perfect agreement—mentally and physically. So I confess I would like to know from men what they mean by the various meanings given to this term. In turn, we women might explain as fully as we can what we mean when we use such terms as "spiritual." Evidently we are at sea in our definitions, and I, for one, should like to know what the difference between our outlook and theirs is. Is it a mental or a physical one ? In this way I plead we should get to business. Nora Kiernon. © © © LES FILLES DE JOIE. Madam,—I am a suffragist, and in favour of all progress and all freedom—physical, intellectual, spiritual. I have read the article, "The New Order," in last week's Freewoman, which regulates the conduct of the "new maid," and from it can only conclude that she will be a new order of "Fille de joie." Take the following passages: "A free and honourable intercourse between men and women. .. must be kept clear of lurking doubt, jealousy, and suspicion, invariably let loose by the appearance of a child whose paternal origin has not been put on record at all, or even rests upon the unsupported testimony of the mother!" And again, "In order that she and he may know, beyond all possibility of doubt, who is the child's real father, must be able to rely absolutely and implicitly upon her fidelity to him, at least for the period scientifically necessary to establish the physiological fact!" A new maid then, whether for "desire of motherhood," or for a "simple passion of completing herself with a fitting mate"—and who has in fact done so—will be "honourably" required to refrain from "com- ADORI Beg to draw the attention of readers of THE FREEWOMAN to their forthcoming Manly Names Competition in which Messrs. GERALD DU MAURIER. ALLAN AYNESWORTH, HERBERT SLEATH, DENNIS EADIE, HENRY LYTTON, and G. P. HUNTLEY will act as Judges, and in which 250 valuable Prizes will be awarded. In addition to these Prizes, so many customers have written us enquiring for one of our quaint Gold encased SEN-KA Charms, to which Japanese tradition attaches such mysterious and wonderful powers, that we have decided to immediately present one to every customer who sends Orders of not less value than 2s. 6d., either for Two Boxes of Soap (.1s. 3d. per Box), Bottle of Perfume (2s. 6d.), Bottle of Adori Hair Tonic (2s. 6d.), or Jar of Massage Cream (2s. 6d.). Write Orders distinctly on plain paper, and add what you consider the 3 most manly names for a boy. 3 selections may be sent by all sending P.O. 1/3 for Large Trial Box of ADORI SOAP (4,000 unsolicited Testimonials received). ADORI, Goschen Buildings, Henrietta Street, London, W.C. pleting herself" with another "fitting mate," i.e., "for the period scientifically necessary." There will be, in a better future, we hope, places apart for all lustful and dangerous humanity, and the " new maids " of this " new order " will be very likely put there. The ideal union will be that of the Freewoman with her equal, in physical and all other cleanliness, her equal also in mind and spirit. They will tread the path of life together in growth. Since her choice is of the very essence of her freedom, and of the new-found uses of her intelligence and spirituality, she will not mistake her mate, and there will be nothing of the nature of impure experiments with her body elsewhere before she meets him. The bond will be indissoluble, not by reason of the law or the Church, but because of their love. We certainly shall throw off artificialities and conventionalities which hamper growth, but we shall be guided by the divinity in nature, not its bestiality. The "New Order," so called, makes for disorder worse than bondage.—I am, Madam, etc., June 10th, 1912. Huguenot. © © © ATHEISTS. Madam,—May I suggest to the writer of "Some Thoughts on Religion," that she also reads Nuttall's definition of an agnostic: "One who denies that we know, or can know, the absolute or infinite or God." In other words, one who does not presume to define that which is as yet beyond the comprehension of man. It does not follow "that a disbeliever in the Godhead of Christ is an atheist." Christ is not the only God, nor ours the only world at this moment revolving round the sun. Creation is not so limited nor so full of pains and penalties as Christianity would have us believe. Life, and what we describe as "Death," are meant to be received with open arms, and not to be treated, the one as something unclean and never to be discussed, and the other as something to be dreaded. Both are natural, and both are beautiful to an agnostic. June 14th, 1912. A. J. Arnold. © © © "FREE UNIONS." Madam,—In reference to the letter on " Free Unions " in last week's number, I should like to inquire the meaning of the signatures at the foot. The letter is signed " Mary and Stanley Randolph "; but how is it possible for the two parties of a " Free Union " to bear the same name? The man is not entitled to take the woman's name, nor the woman to take the man's; and I submit that by doing so, an entirely false impression is created. The world in general will imagine that this couple is a legally married pair; and I should be glad to know the explanation of this apparent (serious) contradiction. Another point. Why should the writers of the letter " warn anyone not to attempt a Free Union " except for the special reason they happen to approve of? Really, there is no particular value in their particular reason, except, of course, to themselves, and it is somewhat disconcerting to find people who are advocating more freedom quite as dogmatic as anyone else about their special views, and quite as ready to insist upon others conforming to those views. B. L. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. 100 THE FREEWOMAN June, 20 1912 STEPHEN SWIFT'S Latest Publications TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY By CHARLES LAPWORTH in collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully Illustrated. 10s. 6d. net. A large order for copies of "Tripoli and young Italy " has been received from the ITALIAN GOVERNMENT that it may distribute them among its Embassies and Consulates. The Italian Prime Minister has written officially to the author expressing his congratulations and thanks for a book which he describes as " a veritable act of homage to the truth ... a book which will make all fair-minded people realise the sincerity and righteousness of the new manifestation of vitality on the part of the Italian Nation." " The real story of the Tripolitan campaign is told in an engrossing way by Mr. Lapworth."—Pall Mall Gazette. " Those who are anxious to see a full statement of the Italian case for the war, and a carefully compiled account of the resources and possibilities of this new colony will find complete particulars in his book."—Times. A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By RÉMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix,by ARTHUR RANSOME. 5s. net. " An audacious excursus of fancy pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist."—Athenäum. " What we should have missed had so fine a piece of art, so subtle a piece of reasoning been withheld from us." —Robert Blatchford in the Clarion. " Sensitive translation of M. de Gourmont's exquisite book."—Observer. " It is likely to make a ' stir.'"—Richard King in the Tatler. SOME OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES By DOROTHY SENIOR 10s. 6d. net. " She has rewritten the histories of such 'old worthies' as Thomas Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy."—Vanity Fair. " A charming book, well designed and well printed."—Athenaeum. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905: Pater, Wilde, and After By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. SONNETS AND BALLATE OF GUIDO CAVALCANTI Translated by EZRA POUND. Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. 6d. net. More than one Italian critic of authority has considered Cavalcanti second only to Dante in their literature. Dante places him first among his forerunners. SHAKESPEARE'S END: and two other Irish plays By CONAL O'RIORDAN (Norreys Connell). Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. 6d. net. " Mr. O'Riordan has talent of a very exceptional character.. .. There is something here that is fine, completely achieved, unique."— Daily News. IRISH HOME RULE: THE LAST PHASE By S. G. HOBSON. 3s. 6d. net. " Mr. Hobson," says the Atheneum " puts the case for Home Rule with a freshness which is remarkable at this stage of the controversy." Reviewers of all parties agree that he treats the problems of land and finance with equal acuteness, picturesqueness and lucidity. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON. 3S. 6d. net. This is an attempt to account for the weakening of the dramatic sense in modern England, and to explain the enormous importance of the music hall, and the desperate necessity of maintaining it as a means of popular expression. New 6s. Fiction IN A GERMAN PENSION (Third Edition) By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Miss Mansfield knows the Germans at home, and analyses them with remorseless minuteness and delightful malice in a book which the critics have termed " masterly," "uncommonly bold and artistic," "strikingly realistic" and "amazingly clever." SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. " The author has a wonderful analytical faculty of laying bare the secrets of the human heart."—Scotsman. " They never leave the reader unmoved."—Times. A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS. This most original novel has everywhere received especial attention from reviewers in the Press. One critic says: " If Mr. Woods can continue to write novels as clever and original as 'A Superman in Being,' his work is well worth watching." The Morning Post devotes a special position to the work. It says: ". .. A book of distinguished promise.. .. We hope to hear more of Mr. Litchfield Woods." Complete Catalogue gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Vinev, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.