Others , made Edward F. O'Brien OTHERS A MAGAZINE of the NEW VERSE DECEMBER 1915 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG GRANTWOOD, N. J 15 cents a copy $1.50 per year ####OTHERS MARY ALDIS MARIANNE MOORE ADON LA CROIX MAN RAY PADRAIC COLUM CARL SANDBURG WILLIAM ZORACH VAIL DE LENCOUR FERDINAND REYHER Vol. I, No. 6 ##Copyright, 1915 by Alfred Kreymborg Grantwood, N. J. ##MARY ALDIS 99 THE SISTERS We four Live here together My three old sisters and I In a white little cottage With flowers on each side of the path up to the door. It is here we eat together At eight one and seven All the year round, It is here we sew together On garments for the Church sewing society Here,—behind our fresh white dimity curtains That I'll soon have to do up and darn again. It is this cottage we mean When we use the word Home Is it not here we lie down and sleep Each night all near together? We never meet My three old sisters and I. We never look into each others' eyes We never look into each others' souls Or if we do for a moment We quickly begin to talk about the jam ##100 MARY ALDIS How much sugar to put in and when. We run away and hide like mice before the light We are afraid to look into each others' souls So we keep on sewing, sewing. My three old sisters are old Very old. It is not such a great while since they were born Yet they are old. I think it is because they will not look and see. I am not old But pretty soon I will be. I was thinking of that when I went to him Where he was waiting. My sisters had been talking together all the long afternoon While I sat sewing and silent, Clacking, clacking away while the lilac scent came in at the window And the branches beckoned and sighed. This is what they said— "How did that paper come into our house?" "Fit to be burnt, don't you think?" Then the third, "It's a shameless sheet To print such a sensual thing." The paper lay on the table there, between my three sisters ## MARY ALDIS 101 With my poem in it,— My small happy poem without any name. I had been with him when I wrote it and I wanted him again The words arose in my heart clamouring for birth— And there they were, between my three sisters. Each read it in turn Holding the paper far off with the tips of her fingers. Then they hustled it into the fire Giving it an extra poke with the tongs, a vicious poke. Then each sister settled back to her sewing With a satisfied air. I looked at them and I wondered. I looked at each one, And I went to him that night— Where he was waiting. My three old sisters are dying Though they do not know it. They are not dying serenely After life is over They are just getting dryer and dryer And sharper and sharper Soon there will not be any more of them at all. I am not like them I cannot be For I have a reason for living. ## 102 MARY ALDIS While they were picking their little pale odourless blossoms I gathered my great red flower And oh I am glad glad, For now when the time comes I can die serenely, I can die after living. But first what is to come? I am going to give my three old sisters a shock Then what a rumpus there will be! They will upbraid and reproach And then they will whisper to each other, nodding slowly and sadly Telling each other it is not theirs to judge. So they will become kind and pitiful Affirming that I am their sister And that they will stick by and see me through. But underneath they will be touching me with the lifted tips of their fingers. They would like to hustle me into the fire With an extra poke of the tongs. Perhaps I will pretend to hang my head, Perhaps I will to please them, I am very obliging— But in my heart I shall be laughing with a great laughter A great exaltation. ## MARY ALDIS 103 Yes they will upbraid and reproach In grave and sisterly accents And mourn over me, One who has fallen, Yet I suspect As each one goes to her cold little room, Deep in her breast she will envy With a terrible envy The child that is mine And the night The curious night When the sun and the moon and the stars Bent down And gave me their secrets .## 104 marianne moore TO STATECRAFT EMBALMED There is nothing to be said for you. Guard Your secret. Conceal it under your "hard Plumage," necromancer. O Bird; whose "tents" were "awnings of Egyptian Yarn," shall Justice' faint, zigzag inscription— Leaning like a dancer— Show The pulse of its once vivid sovereignty? You say not, and transmigrating from the Sarcophagus, you wind Snow Silence round us and with moribund talk, Half limping and half ladified, you stalk About. Ibis, we find No Virtue in you—alive and yet so dumb. Discreet behavior is not now the sum Of statesmanlike good sense. Though It were the incarnation of dead grace? As if a death mask ever could replace Life's faulty excellence! Slow To remark the steep, too strict proportion Of your throne, you'll see the wrenched distortion Of suicidal dreams. Go Staggering toward itself and with its bill, Attack its own identity, until Foe seems friend and friend seems Foe. ## Marianne Moore 105 TO A FRIEND IN THE MAKING You wild, uncooked young fellow! The swinkèd hind will stumble home Not looking at the tasks he scorned to shirk. Impelled to respite by rough hands, The labored ox will bellow; While you stand there agape before your handiwork. Not all good men are mellow. You savor of a walnut rind, Of oak leaves, or plucked mullein on the brae. And yet with all your clumsiness, You give me pleasure, fellow; Your candor compensates me for my old bouquet. BLAKE I wonder if you feel as you look at us, As if you were seeing yourself in a mirror at the end Of a long corridor—walking frail-ly. I am sure that we feel as we look at you, As if we were ambiguous and all but improbable Reflections of the sun—shining pale-ly. GEORGE MOORE In speaking of 'aspiration,' From the recesses of a pen more dolorous than blackness itself, Were you presenting us with one more form of imperturbable French drollery, ## 106 Marianne Moore Or was it self directed banter? Habitual ennui Took from you, your invisible, hot helmet of anaemia— While you were filling your "little glass" from the decanter Of a transparent-murky, would-be-truthful "hobohemia"— And then facetiously Went off with it? Your soul's supplanter, The spirit of good narrative, flatters you, convinced that in reporting briefly One choice incident, you have known beauty other than that of stys, on Which to fix your admiration. So far as the future is concerned, "Shall not one say, with the Russian philosopher, 'How is one to know what one doesn't know?'" So far as the present is concerned, If external action is effete And rhyme is outmoded, I shall revert to you, Habakkuk, as on a recent occasion I was goaded Into doing, by XY, who was speaking of unrhymed verse. This man said—I think that I repeat His identical words: "Hebrew poetry is Prose with a sort of heightened consciousness. 'Ec-stacy affords The occasion and expediency determines the form. ## Adon la Croix 107 INTIMACY I Room sing low The day is done Shadows press hard And faille ho fall! O!— O! soul— My beautiful II Death's gray smoke Wraps thee 'round Recklessly shrouds thy life About— Unto thy innerself it reaches Thy soul O! Thou very beautiful ##108 Man Ray THREE DIMENSIONS Several small houses Discreetly separated by foliage And the night— Maintaining their several identities By light Which fills the inside of each— Not as masses they stand But as walls Enclosing and excluding Like shawls About little old women— What mystery hides within What curiosity lurks without One the other Knows nothing about. ##Padraic Colum 109 OLD MEN COMPLAINING First Old Man He threw his crutched stick down; there came Into his face the anger flame, And he spoke viciously of one Who thwarted him—his son's son. He turned his head away.—"I hate Absurdity of language, prate From growing fellows. We'd not stay About the house the whole of a day When we were young, Keeping no job and giving tongue! "Not us in troth! We would not come For bit or sup, but stay from home If we gave answers, or we'd creep Back to the house, and in we'd peep Just like a corncrake. "My grandson and his comrades take A piece of coal from you, from me A log, or sod of turf, maybe; And in some empty place they'll light A fire, and stay there all night, A wisp of lads! Now understand The blades of grass under my hand Would be destroyed by company! There's no good company: we go With what is lowest to the low! He stays up late, and how can he ##110 Padraic Colum Rise early? Sure he lags in bed And she is worn to a thread With calling him—his grandmother— She's an old woman, and she must make Stir when the birds are half awake In dread he'd lose this job like the other!" Second Old Man "They brought yon fellow over here, And set him up for an overseer: Though men from work are turned away That thick-necked fellow draws full pay Three pounds a week . . . They let burn down The timber-yard behind the town Where work was good; though firemen stand In boots and brasses big and grand The crow of a cock away from the place; And with the yard they let burn too The clock in the tower, the clock I knew As well as I know the look in my face." Third Old Man "The fellow you spoke of has broken his bounds— He comes to skulk inside of these grounds: Behind the bushes he lay down And stretched full hours in the sun. He rises now, and like a crane He looks abroad. He's off again— Three pounds a week, and still he owes Money in every street he goes, Hundreds of pounds where we'd not get The second shilling of a debt." ## Padraic Colum 111 First Old Man "Old age has every impediment Vexation and discontent; The rich have more than we: for bit The cut of bread, and over it The scrape of hog's lard, and for sup Warm water in a cup. But different sorts of feeding breaks The body more than fasting does With pains and aches." "I'm not too badly off for I Have pipe and tobacco, a place to lie A nook to myself; but from my hand Is taken the strength to back command— I'm broken, and there's gone from me The privilege of authority." I heard them speak— The old men heavy on the sod, Letting their angers come Between them and the thought of God. ##112 carl sandburg BECKER Becker sat in a chair and they killed him; I don't care. Becker sat in a chair talking to God about his immortal soul and calling, "Jesus, save my soul"; I don't care. Becker hired pimps and dope-fiends to shoot a squealing gambler at noon on a crowded street; I don't care. Becker told the pimps and dope-fiends he'd keep the coppers from pinching them for croaking Rosenthal; I don't care. A lot of girls driven onto the night streets, driven into saloon back rooms, driven to hangouts of thieves, Tired of the coin paid 'em in stores and factories, peddled their bodies and legs and breasts to men for a dollar and two dollars And some of them died of the syph, some of them turned dips and boosters, some of them took to coke and whiskey and went bugs— And Becker, well, he went fifty-fifty with pimps, dicks, landlords and politicians—God-damn Becker and all higher-ups who use stool pigeons, fixers and go-betweens to wash blood off blood-money before it gets to them. ## WILLIAM ZORACH 113 The dead are walking; I hear the scraping of their shoes upon the floor, The great rooms echo with their hollow voices; I hear the creaking of their shoes upon the stairs, I see them slanting toward their graves. The dead are always cold, I feel the windows rattle as they pass, The dead are walking in the road I hear the wailing of children as they pass Of little children dragged along by the dead. The hills are black, The moon is a cold white, It is like a great mouth opening to swallow the dead. ##114 VAIL DE LENCOUR POEM I hold out my hand like a cup to you, a drop suffices, what you can spare suffices. My hand touches your body and ecstasy catches me. I am like a note wrung from a monstrous bell. Your fingers pass over me, electric torches, stimulating, changing the monotonous rhythm of longing to a wild measure, leaping, releasing. So strongly have you impressed sensations on me, that merely the thought of you, as I lie alone, can make me feel the pressure of your lovely flesh along the length of me. I turn my face on the pillow, and against my cheek there is the softness of your shoulder or sides —the shaking nerves under a perfumed coolness. And if, in the unbearable pleasure my teeth close gently on you, it is as if, lying half in a sun-warmed stream, I bit the blue anemones. ##VAIL DE LENCOUR 115 FROM ATHENE TO APHRODITE Through all your loves runs the same tiresomeness. Your beautiful eyes are clear with the half-truths of other people's lives, and the cause of your own misery is a dark mystery to you. Why does your intelligence waste itself in trying to spin a lovely web of explanation—your lover's acts are evil as any net-breaker. If you withheld your hand from clasping, love would kiss it. A man's weariness is a sore that must have air and freedom for healing; you put on it a bandage of obligation and bathe it well with tears. Hardly a day passes without a fresh excoriation. And you wonder at the spasms. You lie in a man's arms, and your surgeon tongue, that must always operate, carves his self-esteem into shreds. You call it psychology—analysis, but it is only a new name for an old devilishness. Cruelty is ineradicable and irresistible. What is the use, gracious fool, of knowledge if one has not learnt to keep it to oneself? What else do lovers need but love—unless it be perhaps adoration. ##116 FERDINAND REYHER KALEIDESCOPICS Gondolas with white freightage Passed, And muted barcaroles Destroyed old houses. The iridescent plush rope sways With the rhythm Of an old canzone of Genoa. He died. Let us dance elegant fandangos In blues and golds, And consort With blinder things than parchment bats To gather dripping garlands Of mottled toadstools To show the hate we loved him with. Weave together delicate preludes And stitch in faint cords Of simple colors Like gray, But let us not be betrayed Beyond beginnings. ##FERDINAND REYHER 117 The hunchbacked windmill Grunts, And the crows caw and creak Like old leather And buffet the twisted gnarled darkness Hour on hour. Trinn! Trinn! Do you hear it? Like a crystal ball Split into diamonds And flung like hail-stones Against tarnished spears: Trinn! Trinn! Fourteen queens: Seven in gold, Five in green, And two Are covered each With an old-rose Silk sari Dotted with vermilion discs And fringed with dusty gold. My knees Crack together when I would go To one or to the other Like the fray of slave oars When two old Asian galleys Clashed. ##118 FERDINAND REYHER Twelve years Through the mandarin's red coat I pursued The white thistle, And bit at swaying ends Of snapped gold threads. Four jaundiced ghouls Hide in your gray lips Where the red plum-tree Is bent In a haggard arch. ##########