The Freewoman: A Weekly Feminist Review , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 4. Vol. I. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1911 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS 1. The New Morality ... ... 61 2. Notes of the Week ...... 63 3. Speculations on Sex War. By Vir ...... 65 4. Spinsters in the Making. Types 1 — The College Woman. By Helen Hamilton ...... ... 66 5. Women's Municipal Lodging- Houses.—II. By Mary Higgs............68 6. The Failures. By E. H. Visiak......... ... 69 7. Correspondence... ... 70 8. The Editors' Reply ...... 72 9. The Sanctions of Modern Monogamy By E. S. P. H. 74 10. Nelly. By J. J. Mallon ... 75 11. Feminism and the Propagan- dist Drama. By G. L. Harding ......... 76 12. Notes on Art. By B. A. S. 78 13. International Notes. By B. Drysdale .........79 THE NEW MORALITY. FROM a survey of the progress of human thought, as distinguished from that of the material sciences, the most arresting feature which emerges from the whole is the fact that so scant a respect has been shown towards logic and definition. The larger thought-consciousness has kept them always at hand, but only to be used when wanted, and dismissed at will. They have been kept severely in the position of servants. Not only has this been true of the individual, but it has been equally true of all the great thought-movements which have woven themselves into the fabric of civilisation. In the few exceptional cases where movements in which logic has been established as master, have lived long enough to give point to the generalisation, they have proved abortive and powerless. The vigorous energy of early Christianity, with its miraculous element, the Protestantism of a later period, and Nonconformity of to-day, with their loosely defined doctrines, and their go-as-your-please régime, defeat in their robustness all the attempts which have been made to render them logical and defined. The Arians of early Christian times are completely forgotten; Calvinism is dead, save in a nation which is logical by nationality; modern Unitarianism does not spread beyond the limits of a sect. Positivism has but barely lived. It is the same in politics. Chartism is fatal as a political creed. With their clear logic the French, in political theory, have courageously belled the cat for the nations of the world. The English, proceeding in the lumpish fashion of rule of thumb, have "slithered" into a conception of political theory which, with all its shortcomings, is the best in the world, and contains the greatest potentialities for the future justification of democracies. Regarding any theory, political and philosophic, they do not ask for its proof. They proceed differently. First, they wholly discount it Then they put every obstacle in the way of its being carried out. If still persisted in, they wait and see. It is this instinct which makes English thought the fullest and most developed in the world to-day. It is the instinct which made Conservatism, when merely a negative creed, the most dignified force in English public life. It is the instinct which holds a watching brief for the unobserved factor in life, and which has saved the English from pursuing the tortured zigzag path of progress of our more brilliant seeming neighbours the French. It has saved us from the faddists. Fads are never at home in England. The first impulse of the English towards anything new is to oppose it, and this instinct towards opposition has become our saving grace. Opposition is as necessary as the impulse towards progress. It is the sifter, the strainer of progress. If the progress is sound, the straining strengthens it. To change the figure—opposition is to true progress as the bow is to the arrow. The tighter the bow, the further shoots the arrow. In opposition, the arrow of thought shoots far past its first-intentioned goal. So in the woman's movement, from the tension of the first opposition to its least important features, thought sprang forward to find it had struck a new and more distant target. Whereas in the early days, as in all great movements at their inception, we were wont to say, "Is it not a small thing, no revolution, merely belated justice, that we ask? Are not we who ask it the nicest of the nice—the most law-abiding, the most moral, the strictest abiders by the social code? Are we not demanding what will cost you little, and which is our by right ?" Yet within a few years we are compelled by the progression of thought to recognise the disorder of living according to the law, the immorality of being moral, and the monstrousness of the social code. We are compelled to recognise we are not asking a small thing, but a big thing, which, in the sphere of industrial labour alone, will necessitate as much reorganisation as would be forced upon men by a successful German invasion and occupation. Another eight million women seeking paid labour in the land! That is not a small thing! Nor is it a small thing to be in opposi- 62 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 tion to the moral code under which one lives. It is a big thing, but one into which no abstract theory but the sum-total of the forces which are working for progress have forced us. We therefore seek to formulate no morality for superwomen. We are seeking a morality which shall be able to point the way out of the social trap we find we are in. We are conscious that we are concerned in the dissolution of one social order which is giving way to another. Men and women are both involved, but women differently from men, because women themselves are very different from men. The difference between men and women is the whole difference of a religion and a moral code. Men are pagan—they have never been Christian. Women are wholly Christian, and have assimilated the entire genius of Christianity. The ideal of conduct which men have followed has been one of self-realisation, tempered by a broad principle of equity, which has been translated into practice by means of a code of laws. A man's desire and ideal has been to satisfy the wants which the consciousness of his several senses gives rise to. His vision of attainment has therefore been a sensuous one, and if in his desire for attainment he has transgressed the law, his transgression has sat but lightly upon him. A law is an objective thing, laid upon a man's will from outside. It does not enter the inner recesses of consciousness as does a religion. It is nothing more than a body of prohibitions and commands, which can be obeyed, transgressed, or evaded with little injury to the soul. With women moral matters have been wholly different. Resting for support upon a religion, their moral code has received its sanction and force from within. It has thus laid hold upon consciousness with a far more tenacious grip. Their code being subjective, transgression has meant a darkening of the spirit, a sullying of the soul. Thus the doctrine of self-renunciation, which is the outstanding feature of Christian ethics, has had the most favourable circumstances to ensure its realisation, and with women it has won completely—so completely that it now exerts its influence unconsciously. Seeking the realisation of the will of others, and not their own, ever waiting upon the minds of others, women have almost lost the instinct fpr self-realisation, the instinct for achievement in their own persons. They have lost much, but they have gained something, which, while different in kind, and doubtless higher in quality than what they have lost, constitutes what has come to be looked upon as a full compensation, and what is certainly the highest manifestation of spiritual intimacy known to the world. We refer to the development of women's intuitive faculty, a sixth sense for the cognition of psychic phenomena. Through this sense, women will make their greatest revelations of life-manifestation to the world. By means of it, they will push open the door of the super-world. Already they stand with hands upstretched towards it. Most men have recognised this faculty in women. Many have noted it. It is Maeterlinck, we believe, who says, "Women are indeed the nearest akin to the mystery which lies about us." It is not by chance that Joan of Arc, who furnishes history with the one demonstrable, irrefutable instance of commerce with the Unseen, should have been a woman; nor that the Mrs. Eddys, the Julias, and "media" should be women. We dwell upon this feature of women's development in order that it shall not be imagined that in what we are going on to say, we are ignoring, belittling, or misunderstanding the import of women's sensitive quality. We recognise its worth, and value its retention accordingly. Women's restraint, with its resultant sensitiveness, has bought the faculty whereby we shall one day pierce the veil which separates us from the mystery of creation. We can now proceed to state that the faculty has been bought at a high price, so high indeed as to annul almost its entire virtue. Women have the intuitive faculty, without the experience upon which to practise it. They are as a Paderewski would be without an instrument. Women have the power of restraint, but they have little to restrain. They are as those who would seek to curb a dead lion; they have evolved a new sense at the cost of devitalising the remaining five. These senses among women are not sufficiently alive to force them to cry out for their satisfaction. They are so far dead that the pleasure of their conscious exercise is almost nothing, and the avenues to first-hand knowledge and experience which result in new achievement are therefore closed. Look, for instance, into any restaurant where men and women eat together and note the expressions on their faces. The men's faces, under favourable circumstances, show pleasurable sensation; the women's, under the same circumstances, show nothing more than the sense of duty of those who administer food to a body. Or look when some great orchestra is playing. On men's, sensuous enjoyment; on women's, courteous attention. The same experiment can be tried with men and women faced with great beauty, or when they are in love. Men are drinking in the sensations of experience; the women are doing the round of experiences which they have been informed are experiences. Of course, this may be regarded as women's special refinement. Women themselves regard it so. They would regard it as an indecent exhibition, if they saw a woman looking as though she were very obviously enjoying food, or obviously gratifying any of her senses. Well, let us see what these things result in, for by their results they must finally be judged. Women regard the senses as a means to an end, and the sensing process is gone through in order to bring about this end. Men regard the senses as gifts, to be used as pleasures in themselves, and afterwards for whatever ends they may serve. Take the sense of sound. Out of the intoxication of sounds heard, all the world's great music has been conceived—by men; take the sense of taste: to gratify the pleasures of taste, the art of cooking has been evolved—by men; the sense of sight—to reproduce a scene, with the additional individual revelation afforded in the moment of pleasure when seen, we have great paintings—by men; take love: the poems and the love-songs are by men. Consequently, judged by results, it would appear that all the fruits of the senses fall to men—the pleasure of their intenser exercise; the knowledge which is born of their intensity; and the vitality which is born of pleasure. So the world of achievements falls to men, and women dutifully keep alive and reproduce the species. They are accused of lack of passion, passion in a sphere where they have more of it than in any other. The case is not that women lack passion, but that they are lacking in something more fundamental still—in general vividness of sense perception, and, consequently, in the desire for sense-gratification which results therefrom. How far this lack is due to inherent inability, and how far it is due to the inculcated exercising of restraint, remains to be proved, but it is with such observations as these in mind that we go on to consider the kind of morality which has supported women's view regarding the purpose of the senses. (To be continued.) December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 63 NOTES OF THE WEEK. A CERTAIN day this week there was a longer period than usual to wait for the execution of our order at a restaurant not five miles from Charing Cross. The waitress made what she thought to be the necessary apologies. The apologies did nothing to lessen the period we had to wait, but they led us into the temptation of talking to the waitress. We began with the idle remark that she looked tired, and then this dialogue ensued: "Yes, our hours are very long." "How long?" "Well, we have two shifts. I'm on the later one. I get here at twelve noon, and stay till twelve at night. We can have two hours off in the afternoon just now, now we're slack. We usen't to. We only close at twelve, and don't get out till about twenty-past. Then I have to get to----(about an hour's walk). So it makes it late. One of these girls lives at Putney. It is two in the morning when she gets home. You don't know what to do. If you live near, rooms cost you more, and if you live out a way, you have extra fares." "What do you do Sundays?" "Oh, we work Sundays. Just the same hours—till midnight. It never stops." "What do you get for your seven-day week?" "Oh, just the usual 6s.—and commission; but there isn't much commission here. The biggest I've ever got was 6s. 3d. It has been 2s. 9d." "But how much do you pay for your rooms in---?" "5s. 6d." "But what do you live on?" "Oh, they give us plain food here. I'm dainty myself, and can't eat much of it; but some of them can. Oh, we can keep ourselves respectable," she added, apropos of nothing. We looked round the large, but very empty, café. One girl was leaning indifferently against a counter. Another was extending a swollen cheek in the direction of the flames of a spirit-urn, and another was bending a pointed, piquant face, with a blindingly fascinating smile towards a thick-voiced individual who had been struggling with the menu. Then the food came. We paid for it, and escaped. 9 ® $ There are certain people who have a respect for thrift. They would support any cause, institution, or bill, if these would encourage thrift. Many of these have supported the Insurance Bill on such grounds. There is nothing surprising in this. They are the people who would. But what has pulled one up sharply is the read- ing of some amazing stuff which has been written by people we have come to regard as capable of both thought and imagination. They have denounced the Insurance Bill because it will not encourage thrift. "It is a compulsory measure," they say; "and when compulsion comes in at the door, thrift flies out at the window." Well, let us hope so, and more compulsion, in that case, to the door! We have very scant love for the thrift of the very poor. We believe it is their besetting vice. We believe it to be responsible for all the ills of the poor. It is the child of fearfulness, the mother of ugliness, the inculcator of "doing without," and the condoner of mean shifts. In the moment when the poor shall hiss down the advocates of "the thrift of the poor," hope for the poor will leap from a flicker to a blaze. For it is their thrift which is accountable for that "damned wantlessness" of theirs which some German complains of. Had they never been brought up to imagine there was virtue in thrift, they never would have tolerated "wages" amounting to a few odd shillings in return for seven days of almost continuous toil, to be expended in a world which makes a man pay a price for the privilege of standing upright on the earth, which puts a toll prohibitive for his means upon clothing, and fines him for remaining unclothed; which insists upon women selling themselves to live, and then thrusts them into outer darkness for doing it. It is thrift which has created the illusion that it is worth while endlessly to toil in order to live, when all that makes life's worth has been sacrificed to toil and thrift. We discount thrift. When, therefore, we hear the story of the poor family of three, four, or five living on a sum of 15s. a week or so, drawing up its budget with such precision that two pennies less or more would affect seriously the health of the family, we regard the teller as a humourless jester. We do not believe that any of the poor, save the most dejected, would regard the teller otherwise. For those of the poor who have escaped the blight—the nonthrifty ones, the rapscallions, as someone has just called them—while servile to desperateness towards their oppressors—superiors—show all the workings of a generous humanity in framing their budgets. They allot threepence to beer, before they have provided for bread; and another to picture-palaces when the rent is un- paid. And these are the ones which we hold are worth saving. The only really hopeful thing we know of the very poor is their improvidence. They at least do not pay the miserable pittance which they are told is wages the compliment of taking it seriously. This, we believe, is the right spirit to show towards such doles. The elegant finessing with them, the precise drawing up of budgets regarding them, is an encouragement to their continuance. They come to be regarded as the real thing—wages. It is the enormous increase in the numbers of thrifty poor which has begun to make it quite clear we are a servile people. The potency of the disease germ of the poverty pestilence lies in this, that those of us whom it attacks most virulently appear to be conscious of it least. It is a symptom of the real disease that we appear not to feel it when it is on us. We feel we have "to put up with it." It is our lot and portion. So we remain servile. Were we not, in ourselves, servile, we should rise from such conditions as a man rises from a sleep. As we seem incapable of rising out of them, the thing to do is to accommodate the conditions in some better degree to us. And so we welcome this attempt to secure a free medical service for us as the first attempt decently to herd us—poor bleating sheep. We are cryingly in need of something of the sort. Sick, poor, overworked, a great struggle ahead and little stomach for it—that is the description of a great part of that army of women whose pittances average seven shillings and sixpence weekly. It is no use making for such as we are the adjustments which would be fitting for the wellpaid and well-cared-for. We require healing in the state in which we are. Whole, our case will look different. © ® ® This is the working woman's case for a national medical service measure. When one hears and reads of healthy, well-to-do persons declaring, on behalf of women, that it will do no good, we are forced to believe that they have no understanding of the life of women who work. They have no idea of the amount of petty illnesses of women, infinitely harder to bear than the "big" illness known to men. For some women to have an attack of pneumonia or typhoid fever would be something of a rest cure, for they would have to give themselves up to it. This they can never do with their ordinary petty illnesses, which drag on, unattended to, for years. We have just had intimate acquaintance with a boarding-house in which between thirty and forty women boarded. Out of this small community one was a sufferer from nervous rheumatism, one had tumour in the breast, one was rheumatic, one had a floating kidney, one consump- 64 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 tion, one a weak chest, one nervous debility, one kidney trouble, one neurasthenia, one asthma, one relaxed throat, one acute indigestion, one varicose veins, several with anaemia, and several with general debility. A little time back, one, who took an influenza cold, died almost before it was realised she was ill, and one quite recently who complained of severe headache died in the hospital within a week of leaving the house. This, we may emphasise, was just an ordinary boarding-house—" a home from home"—from which charming, good-looking, well-dressed girls emerged each morning and returned at night. In view of our actual experience, we believe that the health committees to be established in connection with the Bill will, in a few years' time, be able to unfold such a tale of pain and woe, directly due to insufficient food and insufficient care, that those unmoved to alter it will find this country intolerable to live in. So much for one side of the Bill. The reverse side is to be found in the menacing relationship in which the Insurance Bill stands towards the Trade Unions. ® ® ® As we pointed out last week, the real danger of the Insurance Bill lies in its reaction upon the Trade Union movement. It attacks the movement both directly and indirectly. Inasmuch as, by incorporating them into the general machinery for the administration of the Bill, the Government has secured the power to earmark Trade Union funds, they are able to cripple all efforts to prepare for an industrial war. Although the Unions have still the right to make such provision in their Trade Unions, it can only be done by making their Trade Union contributions double, and such will, and can, only be secured when enthusiasm for what the Unions primarily stand for is passionately alive. In the second place, the Bill, by admitting (and thereby encouraging the formation of) sick clubs as part of the machinery of the Bill, has dealt an even more subtle and sinister blow, especially upon the women's Unions. For such sick clubs usually are encouraged by the employer, often receiving initial donations from him. They are, therefore, the greatest rival to the formation of women's Trade Unions. Their advantages are usually much more obvious. The influence of the employer is great, and the special purpose of the Trade Union appears abstract, and its necessity remote. Consequently the sick club, backed by the employer, wins the allegiance of the worker, and the trade unionist has to look on while the worker's potential enemy establishes himself in her graces as a friend. To all these clubs the Insurance Bill will give the sanction and encouragement which can be derived from being accorded State recognition. They will tend to become a permanency, and, subsidised by the employers, they may become the subtlest foes of the Trade Union movement. In view of the situation, the energies of all thinking women must be called upon to forestall the chiefest, and probably the only, danger of the Bill. We do not believe the extra penny, twopence, or threepence will make any material difference to the weekly amount of food consumed by the poorer class of worker. Their fare is so thin already that a penny more or less will make little difference. Moreover, receiving wages under 9s. per week, the worker pays nothing. Over 9s. and under 12s., she pays one penny. Here there is hardship on no one. Therefore, in our opinion, there are two main aspects of the Insurance Bill, for one of which one can find no words too good to say, and for the other we would spare no effort to baulk and destroy. Happily, the first one we should never have been able to secure without the intervention of the State; but the other we can neutralise by untiring effort and energy. The land needs be made to ring with the cry the "Trade Unions in danger." The gospel of Trade Unions should be preached throughout the country. A great crusade should be started. Every organisation should be approached, every church appealed to, in the interests of the workers and their right to live. $@ ® As this insidious attack falls especially heavily upon the women's Trade Unions, we believe women will be swift in preparing for their defence. Miss Mary Macarthur and her band of workers will be ready, even if there are no others; Mr. J. J. Mallon, in his unflagging support and encouragement of women workers in revolt; the leaders of the Unions of Lancashire and Cheshire; all those who have been guarding Trade Union interests at a time when it has not been much the fashion to do so will be ready. But in addition to these, we believe that the great Women's Suffrage Unions will realise that even the Parliamentary vote is of far less importance than this effort to advance women's economic interests. We believe they will realise that it is no longer expedient or safe to leave every other aspect of the women's movement in order to devote exclusive attention to one. We trust they will realise that here lies their golden opportunity for persuading working women that the vote is not a mere abstraction, a plaything to amuse men, having little practical interest even for them. It may be the one means of rousing that passionate enthusiasm in the women's movement which has hitherto been lacking amongst working women; a means of explaining what the solidarity of interests means when it is shown by way of a demand for a minimum wage. It is the Suffragists' great opportunity. We have become oddly striated, we women—middle- class suffragists and working-class economists. And it has not been good for any of us. Especially has the middle-class section suffered. We earnestly hope that suffragists will rise to their opportunity. Those of the National Union will remember that the suffragists of fifty years back did a greater thing than they knew when they toiled and spent themselves in the, struggle for women's higher education, along with their labour for Women's Suffrage. Their suffragist leaders of to-day will show the same deeper insight into the women's movement if they join in the struggle to safeguard woman's labour. In the Women's Freedom League Mrs. Despard always has maintained the manifold aspects of the movement; and in the Women's Social and Political Union there are vast stores of energy yet to spend. To persuade the five million women workers to create and maintain their Trade Unions, to make ripe a demand for a minimum wage, and to secure the Parliamentary vote—these things will be a sufficiently complete expression of women's reserve opinion, when they show their appreciation of the free medical service, should such a service happily become fact by July next. We have been asked if we should look upon it as a disaster should Women's Suffrage be postponed for a generation; whether in the interest of the wider feminist issue it would not be better to suspend this particular development until other developments in the feminist movement have fallen into line. For our part, we should be appalled at the unspeakable weariness of the prospect of the Suffrage campaign extending over another twenty years. Let women be given the vote soon, if for no other reason than to remove this incubus of crude politics which has threatened to settle upon the women's movement. It has for years used up women's energies and diverted them from channels from which they could ill be spared. It has restricted thought among Englishwomen, and for most of them has lain like a dead hand upon aspects of the movement with which the freedom of Englishwomen is intimately bound up. It is therefore with keen appreciation that we note the fact that Sir Edward Grey has spoken in a spirit very different from that on which we commented last week, concerning his readiness to take part in the forthcoming Suffrage campaign. It confirms us in our belief in the entire good faith of the Pro-Suffrage section of the Government, and we believe that Women's Suffrage is a measure not very far distant. @@@ We regret being compelled, owing to pressure on space, to hold over some correspondence and the fourth of the series of articles on "Feminism Under the Empire." December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 65 Speculations on Sex War. IN politics, lately, we have had so many crises and excitements that it might seem, to some Martian onlooker, that politics were, for the present, our sole concern. Under the heading of politics he might, or might not, have included such phenomena as Strikes, Peace Treaties, and the Women's Suffrage Agitation. But, looking closer at the last-mentioned, he might have detected, underlying its surface froth, a movement, a sentiment, far more important than anything purely political. Women's Suffrage is accused, by some, of being, or threatening to become, a cause of what may be called Sex War. But, at heart, Women's Suffrage is not the cause, but the consequence. That the granting of the suffrage to women may result in the sex war emerging into the open and becoming vehement, I do not deny; but the war started long before Votes for Women was first whispered. There has not been enough clear thinking in this matter of the relationships of the sexes in modern England. With regard to the Suffrage question, we are in an amazing confusion. On the one hand we have the sentimentalists, who, because they are sentimental, would refuse women the vote. On the other are the sentimentalists (I fancy I detect not a few in the "Men's Union" camp) who, because they are sentimentalists, would give women the vote. But with neither of these has the average sensual man any concern. The one thing he realises, if he thinks of it at all, is that he hates women. It is the man who, at present, is beginning dimly to realise that he hates women, who is going to settle the situation; for he is in the majority. He has admitted long ago that women are his equals, in a vague sense. What exasperates him is that he finds himself so dependent on them that they begin to take, to him, the aspect of superiors. Now, that this hatred of women by men exists may be disputed; but it had better, anyhow, be disputed dispassionately—for if it is invisible now, it will almost certainly become visible when women begin to take an active part in electing. The mass of men who oppose Women's Suffrage do not hate women, for they look down on women. To this sort of man, a woman is a drudge or a doll, as the case may be. He may "love" her; but his contempt for her is innate, even though unconscious. But only in moments of passionate emotion does he hate her; and if he hates her, it is probably because he loves some other woman. The sex as a whole he never hates—-he only looks down on. But the man who sanely envisages woman as his equal hates the sex. Woman gets between him and his work, and humiliates him. She marries him because she takes pity on him; she gives herself to him because she is sorry for his sufferings. These she cannot understand—the modern woman is without more than a very temporary appreciation of what is generally called passion, and, if she does have it, she forgets it after she has borne a child or two. At all events, she is "fond of" the man who wants her, is touched by his inexplicable tortures; and gives herself to him as she would give him a cup of tea when he is tired from the office. This profound humiliation is what men cannot stand. The man who loves his wife physically, and whose wife merely returns this by being "good to" him, lives in a perpetual state of abject shame. That this develops into irritation and resentment, and ultimately into an actually conscious hatred of women, is not to be surprised at. For, day by day, the woman (so the man feels) looks down on him; day by day she is "sorry for" him; day by day she moves more steadily from the position of equal towards that of superior. And this the unsentimental man cannot endure. The sentimental man (whose attitude, though he knows it not, is really an insult to women) likes his wife to be his superior; he likes to worship an angel without wings, a creature far purer than he, and so on. But the sane, sensual man, who "wants" his wife, wants her also to "want" him; he wants her to share in the degradation, the glorious and abandoned, trustful degradation, of the passionate union; and when, instead, she merely gives herself, as his wife, because she is "nice" to him by nature, or because she recognises her "duty" in the action, he writhes at his own slavery. Were she enslaved too, there would be no slavery for either. Her superiority to passion makes him a slave while she sails free and (as he thinks) not a little disdainful. The extreme lack of physical passion in modern Englishwomen is perhaps due to our national insistence on "purity" in wives without a similar purity in husbands. Or it may be religious, or due to athletics, or to many other subtler causes. The point to realise is that this lack of passion tends towards a contempt for passion, and that this contempt for passion cannot be tolerated by any but the coldest and most philosophical men. Numbers of Englishwomen, nowadays, have no passion; but that does not prevent them from evoking passion, nor from marrying; and the mortification of the husband or lover who finds himself absolutely dependent for all happiness in life on a woman whose happiness in life is by no manner of means dependent on him, is the origin of what I have named the Sex Hate. That type of man hates that type of woman while adoring her. He hates her because he adores her; he hates her because she can do what she likes with him, but he cannot do what he likes with her; he hates her because he cannot do without her, but she can do without him; he hates her because on the one subject in life in which he feels that sentimentalism and illogic might be admissible, she is unsentimental and chilly and logical, while on every other subject under heaven she declines to reason; he hates her because, having married him, she is clearly enslaved by household duties, children, and husband, while he is far more contemptibly enslaved by her power over him; he hates her because he loves her, while she (unsentimental and logical in this, as ever, while disconcertingly fickle in other matters!) returns his love by an affection which differs but slightly from that shown him by his mother. Now this suppressed, vague, probably deniable, hatred of men for women is a still unreckoned factor in the social-political problem. Too much allowance is being made, at present, for men's lofty scorn of women, which doesn't matter, and too little for men's hatred of women, which does. The lofty scorn man is dying out, anyhow; but my imaginary average sensual man, who hates, is not dying out. And, examined nearer, one begins to suspect that his hatred is a return for pity. Nobody of any "guts" can stand being, pitied; and pity is what women are, unfortunately, too good at. The habit of pity is what, in thousands of cases, causes them to marry. That same habit of pity is only intensified by marriage. But the husband who is pitied—as are countless husbands all over the land—does not like it. It is in this matter of pity that women are most illogical and sentimental. Immense numbers of women who are far too sane to fall in love are sentimental and illogical enough to lavish the most pre- 66 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 posterous pity on any weak-looking man who happens to be suffering from toothache, or thwarted desire, or hunger for mutton chops. And there is little doubt that, in the elections of the future, the candidate who can make the women of his constituency "sorry for" him will get in, provided that the women are in the majority. Not a male vote will he receive; for though men sympathise with the bottom dog, they have an old instinct for "playing the game," and if the bottom dog make a merit of being bottom dog, or whines about it, they side with the top dog unhesitatingly. Women have not this tradition. Hence the fact that in constituencies where there is at all definitely a candidate appealing to women, there will be a palpable outflare of Sex War; men will hurry from the ends of the earth to vote against the women's candidate. The quality known as womanliness at present means little more or less than pitifulness towards the weaker or more uxorious sort of man, or towards the man who needs "looking after." It is this womanliness which the Sentimental desire to retain, by forbidding women the vote; it is this womanliness which the Non-sentimental desire to disperse, by giving them the vote. For the sentimental and the non-sentimental are in the same camp in this respect: they both believe that "womanliness" will be affected, perhaps destroyed, by the vote. It is true that professional advocates of Women's Suffrage do not say this: they loudly assure us the contrary; but that is partly because they have a sentimentalist following which they dare not lose, and partly because, being mostly women, they have not grasped the Sex War. (They are aware of one side of it, of course: the fact that women are "degraded" by men's demands, and that this degradation "must cease"; they are blandly indifferent to the other side: indifferent as a cocained body is to the suffering of the nerves that are being sliced.) The fact remains that womanliness will be stamped out, in due course, if we ever get a full measure of the suffrage. Not at first, though. Womanliness will be visible all over the constituencies. As I have said, we shall see candidates of an interesting appearance, or poor, or consumptive, or with a blighted past, or with hussies of wives, trotted out all over the land, specially for preponderantly feminine constituencies, and, with one accord, women will "pity" the said candidates and, with womanly tenderness and impulsiveness and motherliness, and so forth, will gad off to vote for him. The repetition of typically weak men being voted into Parliament by the feminine electors, here and there, will raise such a gale of laughter and scorn that, fairly soon, womanliness will be laughed out of existence—pity and kindness and all the rest of it departing simultaneously. And not till this occurs will there be any hope of the dying down of the smouldering Sex War. At first, the Sex War will be violently augmented by women's vote. But, when "womanliness" has been killed by ridicule at the polls, men will wake up to find that "pity" is no longer in fashion. The woman who does not intend to marry will not take pity on any man and marry him; she will decline even to allow him to be attracted to her in the first instance. This will make a great difference. At present countless girls who have no need to marry, physical Or otherwise, attract men to propose to them because they are curious, or for some other equally silly reason—perhaps partly from cruelty, perhaps from ignorance. Then, when the man has proposed, the girl is seized with compunction, takes pity on him, and accepts him; with the result that the two of them are ever afterwards enslaved: he far more humiliatingly and exasperatingly than she, for his reason is enslaved, while hers is not. But this sort of thing will not happen when womanliness is got rid of. Girls will know, beforehand, that they have no "call" to marry, and will not attract men—the advertisement of the fact that a girl does not intend to marry is easier than it sounds. And even if such a girl should be proposed to, she will not accept; for she will not bestow pity in the callous way that it is at present bestowed. She will refuse, be the suitor's pleas never so touching; and at least he and she, at the cost of a scene, will have escaped a permanent mutual humiliation. He on his side will be free to marry elsewhere, or remain a bachelor, and so save the expense of a wife, a home, and a family—all lesser comforts than he can get at half the price in "rooms." She, on her side, will not have sold herself, at a ridiculously low figure—usually only her "keep"—to a man whose desire to live in her company she can never quite understand, and who, in short, is a good deal of a nuisance. Womanliness—voila l'ennemi! The Vote is a step in its defeat. But what fury of sexantagonism we are to face for the next half-century or more, until the remedy works! For it is a drastic remedy; it is a burning of the forest that we may grow a better. Meanwhile, our Martian, watching affairs in England, will do well if he takes his eyes from such little squabbles as Lords versus Commons, Labour versus Capital, England versus Germany, and the rest, and examines the prospects of Manliness versus Womanliness. The Sex War is going to be the biggest thing that civilisation has seen--big, that is, as far as consequences are concerned. The war itself may peter out—who knows? But its effects will be gigantic. And let no genial Martian be deceived by the circumstance that men "are fighting on woman's side and women on men's, here and there, in meetings and societies, and in articles and what not. The great mass of the armies on the two sides are similar. Men are on one side; women on the other. Watch for the clash-—or watch for the guerilla warfare, as the case may be. Open battle, or long-range, quiet shooting—whichever it be, it will produce results from which civilisation will never recover. Vir. Spinsters in the Making. TYPES I.—THE COLLEGE WOMAN. THE College woman, speaking generally, for all her admirable qualities and virtues, seems destined almost inevitably to spinsterhood. Intellectually well trained, morally above suspicion, with a high sense of duty and responsibility, she would seem to be, par excellence, man's ideal companion and help-meet. Celibacy, nevertheless, is her usual lot in life. I cannot give any statistics— indeed, I doubt if any are available—as to the proportion of married to unmarried College-educated women, but no one would probably dispute the fact that the latter greatly outnumber the former. Women, therefore, pre-eminently fitted, one would imagine, for wife and motherhood, are either averse to marriage, or are not to the masculine taste. Or again, the College woman, whilst her education is still going on, or subsequently when she adopts a profession, as she usually does, has very little opportunity of meeting men, and, therefore, of marriage. Whatever the explanation, the fact remains that a large and increasing number of intellectual December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 67 women are destined to live the incomplete lives of spinsters, either because their education has given them the false notion that they will be much happier and more useful members of society if they are not "bothered" with men, or because social conditions have forced on them an unnatural mode of living. Some say, "There are not enough men to go round." That is quite true; but why is it that the highly educated women suffer so conspicuously from the dearth? Others, that first-rate women must have first-rate men. Again I admit the truth of this. But I fancy a good many second-rate women imagine themselves to be first-rate without sufficient reason. After all, the possession of a degree, even of a good one, is not in itself a proof of all-round excellence. Complex human beings are not merely intellectual machines; if they were, life would be simple and well regulated, but cold and dull. In a word, not worth living. Supermen want superwomen, and it would be just as well perhaps for both sexes to realise that the great mass of us, men and women alike, are just ordinary average people. Abstract knowledge and book-learning add cubits to our mental stature, but sometimes they detract from our humanity and give us a false conception of our own value and importance as insignificant units in a great community. The higher education has failed, I think, in this respect. It has not succeeded in turning out, as a rule, women who combine the graces of learning with ordinary feminine attributes and charm, Such epithets as "learned pig," "defeminised spinster," "unsexed woman" are frequently bestowed upon highly educated women, and though these are certainly rude, and possibly exaggerated, there is no smoke without a fire. If I were asked to describe the average College woman, I should say that she is an efficient citizen and inevitable spinster. The first is good; the second bad, and is the result, probably, of too pronounced a masculinity of temperament and aim in life having been superimposed on her femininity during very receptive and impressionable years of her life. Men and women are united by the common bond of humanity, by means of which they can work side by side in a harmonious and sympathetic spirit; but sex is sex, and without overemphasising what is vital and fundamental, it seems to me obvious that any attempt to approximate women too closely to men is not progressive, but foolish. It is trying to do the impossible. I do not say that this is the confessed or even the desired aim of the higher education of women. I am sure it is not. Nevertheless, it tends in many cases to produce the type described so often as an inferior imitation of a man. Sex-consciousness can be over-stimulated or unduly repressed. Certain and definite effects will be evident in each case. Sexconsciousness is repressed in two ways during a girl's College course. I am thinking of residential colleges, into which the masculine element enters little, if at all. Sex-segregation is an inevitable condition. A girl spends a good proportion of her time, for three or four years, in a community of women. Her College will probably be the centre of her life and its most engrossing interest. She will be very happy and interested, and after she comes down will wish, all unconsciously, to continue a mode of existence as approximate as may be, to the one she has found so delightful and satisfying. When she begins her professional career, she will choose to spend her life among women, for the habit will have been formed at College. As she grows older, she will become restless and dissatisfied, because only half her nature is allowed development. That she does not realise the cause of her restlessness, perhaps, and would not acknowledge it if she did, is irrelevant. Again, work and the multiple interests of College life will have absorbed all her thoughts and energies, and, moreover, have seriously sapped her vitality. She knows, feverishly and earnestly, that she is a Worker, and remembers only feebly, occasionally, and rather resentfully, that she is a woman too. In this attitude of mind, intellectually well equipped, emotionally starved, and therefore sentimentally or neurotically inclined, she enters upon a new phase of life, as an independent and responsible individual. Her interests are largely intellectual or abstract, life as it is lived by the great mass of humanity scarcely touches her at all, she is absorbed in various causes and missions, and, seeking self-realisation, she finds—self-limitation. This is not to advocate the "just-to-get-married" theory, the translation of which into practice would be likely to be attended, more than ever, by disastrous consequences; but there is a wide difference between that and the artificial manufacture of inevitable spinsters. It is at least permissible to ask whether that process is to the ultimate good of the community in general and the individual in particular. I will now deal categorically, as far as I am able, with two questions. I. What has the College woman gained from her education? Many qualities which are as valuable to the community as to herself. To enumerate them. She is self-reliant, independent, and prompt in decision and action. She knows how to work with thoroughness, precision and method. She is imbued with the ideal of service, and is ready to give a helping hand to those in need, though her rather conspicuous lack of sympathy and tact hinders or limits her efforts. She is ,well drilled and disciplined, spiritually and intellectually, and has distinct organising ability. Routine is not irksome to her. She knows how to think logically, but not very originally, perhaps. She is level-headed, and able to take an impartial view of things, but this is not to say she is always free from bias. What human being is? She is conscientious, loyal, honest, and is permeated through and through with that great quality—esprit de corps. She does not nag. She is, in a word, an efficient citizen; and if to be simply that satisfied her whole nature, and she were happy and contented, there would be nothing more to be said. But under the cloak of learning and citizenship there lies her womanhood, a living, insistent force, which will not be starved out of existence without a struggle. 2. Now comes the second question. What has the College woman lost, or what undesirable attributes has she acquired, which have detracted from her femininity? And in this connection it may not be amiss to ask whether the femininity of the women is not as essential to the welfare of the nation as a masculinity of the men ? The College woman, in her youth at least, is inclined to be rather superior, to be intolerant of views other than her own, and disposed to lay down the law. Sometimes she is an intellectual or moral prig, or both. Moreover, she is, not infrequently, self-assertive and apt to overrate her own importance in the scheme of things. She lacks sometimes the saving grace of humour, and takes herself and her work, therefore, too seriously. She looks upon life from the professional point of view, as it were, and consequently her outlook is narrow. The right to the cultivation of her own individuality, which she justly claims, results frequently in egotism and self-absorption, and this is aggravated 68 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 by a lack of variety in society and surroundings. Her type is so monotone and well defined that it is possible, as a rule, to recognise the College girl at a glance. Last, but by no means least, she tends to lose the desire to please and her sex-attraction. She is so downright, and has such a hatred of pretence, that she confuses an attractive personality and its corollaries—a soigné appearance and courtesy of manner—with vanity and insincere politeness. Moreover, in some intellectual circles there is a tendency to consider sex-attraction as something to be ashamed of. Its loss is welcomed as being not only a vindication of woman's equality and independence, but also, in some subtle way, an indication of greater spirituality—a proof, as it were, of the victory of mind over matter. Now we are flesh as well as spirit, and asceticism and animality are the two extremes between which the decent man or woman steers a way. The loss of sexattraction does undoubtedly debar many gifted and cultivated women from marriage, and through sexsegregation they come to think that there can be no spiritual bond between man and woman. To consider sexual attraction—or, as it is sometimes called, the subtle influence of sex—as something low and vile which should be suppressed as far as possible, instead of a great vital force, leads often to one of two things—to celibacy, in the refined; to gross self-indulgence, in the sensual. I remember once, when staying in a Swiss hotel for the winter sports, that four or five College girls, who had come out together, were among the visitors. From first to last they kept themselves to themselves as far as possible, and seemed happier and more at their ease in their little clique than when they were obliged, as occasionally they were, to mix with the other inmates of the hotel. They were shy and curiously brusque in manner, as who should say, "We want none of you." They took the greatest pleasure in the sports and outdoor life, but the social side seemed not to attract them. Did they join in ski-ing expeditions, at lunch-time they would keep in a little clump together, and any attempt to draw them into more friendly relations with the rest of the party was a failure. Indeed, they appeared to resent it, and if they were conscious of any feeling of being "out of it," it was a source of pleasure and gratification, apparently, rather than the reverse. A sense of superiority and importance was very evident, and "small talk" and frivolity looked upon as symptoms of moral and intellectual inferiority. Slight and undeveloped, boyish in manner and movement, it was difficult to believe that they were young women, ranging in age from twenty to twenty-five years. Most noticeable of all was the subtle barrier which seemed to exist between them and the men. By mutual consent they avoided each other. Shy with women, they were gauche, defiant and almost fierce to the men. Far from enjoying their society, it was quite obvious that they shunned it, and after the first week or so it is doubtful whether they exchanged more than a few words, at the most, with the men in the hotel. Plainly in their case, and it is no isolated one, with loss of sex-attraction had come sex-aversion, from which sex-antagonism, so FEMINIST PUBLISHERS and BOOKSELLERS. A large variety of Books dealing with questions of all kinds affecting WOMEN always in stock. All Books mentioned in this Paper may be obtained at the INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP, 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND, W.C. noticeable in certain classes of women at the present day, is but a small step. I cannot see that sex-aversion or antagonism are going to do any good to the Woman's Movement, because its ultimate success must surely depend on the sympathy and co-operation of the men. In conclusion, I would say that I criticise College education only in so far as it conduces to a taste for sex-segregation and an unnatural mode of life, and to the lowering of vitality by over-work. It is hardly necessary to say that there are many College women who are as charming as they are intellectual, because they are women of the world as well as women of learning. Helen Hamilton. Women's Municipal LodgingHouses. II THE forward step needed and adopted in some towns by special legislation should be to put the lodging-houses on a line with the licensed slaughter-house and the licensed publichouse. If they were held on a licence yearly renewable, two reforms would be possible. In the first place it would be much easier to secure compliance with more stringent regulations, and, in the second place, surely a good moral character ought to be required of a person in charge, as of a publican. Under the aegis of Cardiff authorities, men in charge of lodging-houses were found to be living openly immoral lives. It is very desirable also that early closing should be applied to lodginghouses, as to public-houses. Lodging-houses openly frequented by prostitutes, kept open for them till all hours (and in which in some cases extra prices are paid for beds, according to a regular scale of late hours), should not be licensed by one committee of the municipal authorities another committee of which is pledged to put down open vice. It is not in the interest of any city that women of any class should be encouraged to remain on the streets till 1 or 2 a.m., and received, often reeling drunk, into its licensed houses. And it is a grave injustice to those poor struggling industrial women, forced by poverty to take refuge in the common lodging-house, to have their scanty sleep disturbed by the drunken prostitute till any hour of night. The author slept in a licensed women's THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication Of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO.. LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. Telegrams to " Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union, ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN. 9 John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C, December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 69 lodging-house where no sleep was possible before 2 a.m., and working girls who had found a refuge there from sheer weariness slept long past the hour for labour. But while such facts as these are a strong plea for the yearly licensing, better inspection, and early closing of the existing common lodging-houses, they also constitute a convincing plea for the provision of a municipal lodging-house for women. Just as the abattoir must, in the interests of society, supersede the private slaughter-house, so the municipal lodging-house must supersede all but the best-regulated and well-managed private lodging-house. The reason is not far to seek. Municipal drainage has to supersede the cesspool. There are certain elements in society which, under control, are manageable, and not dangerous to public health and safety; but once let them become uncontrollable, there is no knowing what evil may ensue. Liverpool has proved the uncontrollable nature of the forces accumulating silently in the slum. At the heart of the slums is the common lodging-house. There congregate those who are against society because society is against them. What, then, is the true city policy? To gain control over a class so liable to be the breeding-ground of epidemics, the seed-bed of immorality. We could say much with regard to the policy to be pursued as regards men, for the writer at one time pursued far her investigations into the causes of vagrancy, and has no hesitation in saying that the common lodging-house is the fruitful source of the Tramp. But let men see to men's problems; women are concerned with those of women. All facts and statistics prove that a woman is driven down into the tramp life involuntarily. She is often dragged down by an unworthy husband, and, losing her mate, soon learns in the atmosphere of the common lodging-house to find a substitute. She falls through drink, and is not likely to unlearn the habit in such an atmosphere, but becomes one of the chronic "seven days" or "fourteen days" in gaol of the city magistrate. She falls, after incredible struggles to remain as a "lodger" in some slum corner, to this last refuge. I could tell you sad stories of these last struggles, of the bed shared with a lad of fourteen, or in the same room as a drunken husband and wife; of clothes all pawned, or kept by a stern landlady for rent, or stolen. Thus the poor struggling industrial woman loses her last chance, and sinks into a living hell. It is to the interest of the community to prevent this, if only because, once fallen, she soon becomes verminous, drunken, a pest and danger to society. Yet surely her last struggle deserves our admiration. On 6s. a week, or less, women in the Glasgow Women's Municipal Lodging-House will, year after year, keep out of the poorhouse, and live self-respecting lives. If a woman can have a cubicle, or even a bed, to which she can return nightly, poor as she may be, she calls it "home," and can and does keep her selfrespect, and struggles to earn the requisite pence "to keep body and soul together." Is it more economical to force her to workhouse, gaol, or asylum? Surely the last stand for self-support is worthy of our support! She does not want our "charity." She prefers to "pay her way" and to "be beholden to no one," and to mind her own business." Often well-meant charities fail to help her because too inquisitorial; or even well-meant religious agencies are avoided because she fears intrusion on her liberty. What she wants is a Women's Hostel, where she is free to go and come without question. There, as a woman with women, she is "at home," forms friendships, and will live safeguarded for years, and keep herself clean if given opportunities for cleanliness. She may drink a bit on Friday or Saturday, poor soul, to bring back memories of happier days; she may sometimes be quarrelsome, as some of her betters are at her age; but she responds to kindness, gratefully acknowledging it is not many would care for "such as her"; and she is especially kind and pitiful to newcomers who have dropped into misfortune, to any young girl accidentally falling into the lodging-house, or some poor perplexed wife temporarily flying from a drunken husband, or some poor widow with little children, or a deserted wife. With such she will share her last bite, and lend, "hoping nothing in return." Is the fall of such women into the depths a gain to the community? Is it not our duty to provide for such poor industrial workers in their last struggle at least a safe place to live? Although personally I do and shall advocate, in the present woful state of things, the provision of hostels by private enterprise, if no municipal provision is forthcoming, yet I consider this provision should lie at the door of the municipality, for the following reasons: — (1) Only the municipality can adequately enforce the requisite sanitation on the lowest class of industrial women. (2) Only the municipality can, alongside of adequate and sanitary provision, enforce good closing hours and suppress undesirable houses. (3) Only the municipality can give perfectly disinterested management; even a charity must, to some extent, aim at making the house pay. (4) Only the municipality can cover the maximum need. There are ebbs and flows in employment. An hotel-keeper has to cater for the average need. It is, however, desirable for the city that no woman should walk the streets, unable to find a bed. (5) The municipality, in the interests of everyone, tries to keep control over epidemics. This, as proved in Glasgow, is much easier if the municipality controls the lodging-houses, both male and female. "Overcome evil with good," "take forth the precious from among the vile," "conserve the last spark of self-respect, encourage the remains of virtue"—by so doing we can "save many souls from death and cover a multitude of sins." We must drain the cesspool of the earlier age, and substitute order and sanitation. We must give womanhood a fulcrum to deal with the problems of womanhood, to raise the fallen, for no woman need fall if she has a friend and a safe, clean place to live. Every woman knows the difficulty of helping effectively a woman who presents herself at your door, friendless and homeless. But a lodging-house gives time for inquiry, time for observation, time for prevention of the worst evils that can befall a woman. It should be the glory of municipal chivalry to see to it that this help is given to poor struggling womanhood, not grudgingly, because, like the unjust judge, "this woman wearieth me," but from a generous comprehension of the woman's need voiced by her fellow-women. Mary HIGGS. THE FAILURES. Wrecks of endeavour lie sunk in their minds: The winds of the world are most contrary winds. When the Trumpet shall sound, when the sea shall unfold, They shall not be reft of one talent of gold. E. H. VISIAK. 70 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 Correspondence. the public criticism of the w.s.p.u. To the Editors of the freewoman. I am loth to begin entering protest so early in the life of the freewoman—especially when I hear that one of the editors is scarcely in the saddle. but I must reply— if mildly—to the comments on Dr. Clark's questions, in which my name is mentioned. In the first place, I desire to ask the acting editor—who wrote the criticisms of miss pankhurst's recent doings— to explain how my utterances in criticism of the so-called militant suffrage societies are "largely personal," while hers, by inference, are not? I would ask, further, how a personal dictatorship can be adequately criticised without introducing personalities? the editor has dealt very briefly with one aspect and event of the Pankhurst party, in which the Pankhurst name has dotted the page very thickly; i have dealt with the militant movement in its every aspect, and believe that, in spite of the difficulties, i reduced the personal element to the smallest proportions. I am prepared to admit that with her different temperament, the editor has done the same; but I feel justified in retorting to her comment that I know of no portion of my critical writings on this subject in which personalities crop up so thickly as in the first two issues of the freewoman. to put it briefly, it seems to me that it was foolish to criticise in another critic what appeared to be a very obvious element of the editorial criticism. In the second place, I protest against the inference that, because I have criticised publicly the militant advertising machine, I must consider myself a bondslave to a persistent continuation of the task. i have no desire to be an ancient mariner; and 1 am not specially qualified for the destruction of sea-serpents. i set out to do other work—to free myself from the futility of the freedom league, and from the bemused salvation-army-cumDaily-Mail falsity and humbug of the w.s.p.u.; to find free speech and free thought again; to become an economically independent, self-respecting member of society; and to help in some little way towards the solution of the bigger problems of feminism and humanity. having said my say, I have done with the militant movement—except when it comes up with other things equally important for occasional criticism and comment. I am very sick of it. I fail to see that it has any more to do with the emancipation of women than the new society of washerwomen which a friend of mine is trying to form— and I certainly wouldn't devote my life to the criticism of the methods of the new washerwomen's society. I would add a word more. the qualities necessary for the exposure of the w.s.p.u., in successful, modern, hustling style, are very like those possessed by the leaders of that body. i hope that the freewoman does not possess them, and does not intend to try to make its criticism of the advertising octopus a success. every critic has to make the choice between yellow journalism, with its nasty noise and its L50 for an article well spiced with personalities, and an independent journal, in which honesty and brain and reason count; between the shrieking success that the w.s.p.u. would recognise, and the reliance upon truth and reason which they call failure. i am very proud that from the point of view of the obsessed militant my exposure has failed. i did not write for the obsessed militant, and i hope that the freewoman will not be led into doing so either. a paper with great possibilities should not be endangered by giving to this movement that exaggerated attention which it is out expressly to gain for its dictators. i offer the freewoman a warning along with my welcome; the greatest danger it has to face is that, in endeavouring to meet the supporters of the trinitarian dictatorship, it should be dragged down to the level at which they are wont to fight. I regret that my first appearance here should be one of protest, for the freewoman has my hearty good wishes. TERESA BILLINGTON GREIG. To the Editors of the freewoman. May I say of "Educationist's" article, in your issue of November 23rd, and of Lady Meyer's letter in to-day's freewoman, that I think they are both a little beside the mark? Anyone, nowadays, who talks of women's sphere is not truly "feminist," or really progressive, unless they understand thereby what Olive Schreiner understands when she says, "We take all labour for our province." The "Housewives' Degree" may not be "a retrograde scheme perpetuating woman's inferiority," but it seems to be a scheme to perpetuate one particular sphere as woman's, par excellence. Now the freewoman wants no ready-made sphere, even if some of the traditional cobwebs have been wiped off it and it has been made an attractively and scientifically easy "sphere." the freewoman wants the whole round earth to choose from; she wants liberty to do whatever work she is fitted for, regardless of—or, more probably, because of—her sex. to descend to personalities—said to be so beloved of women—I like domestic work, I adore children, and understand (or think I do) bringing them up, physically, anyhow, but my brain is altogether unfitted for politics, which I do not understand, and therefore am bored by, so I have my sphere. but if a woman, who hates domestic work and does it badly, has great political, or any other, ability, why, oh, why hang the albatross of domestic work—child-bearing and rearing— woman's-sphere-made-easy, round her neck ? And so I hold that it is a retrogressive idea to call any particular sphere or work "woman's." we do not know what woman's work will be; we only know what it has been. Given liberty, women will choose their own spheres, and i for one believe there will be more, far more, in the domestic than the political sphere. perhaps this "University Degree" is an expression of the domestic desire of some women; but ... at the present juncture, the less any sphere is fostered for women, the better. Let them find their own legs. I am a "free trader" on the feminist question. Lady Meyer says: "Our courses are open to both sexes." then why does the circular quoted (I assume correctly)-by "Educationist" run: "the lectures are particularly adapted to the needs of women wishing to prepare themselves for the efficient management of their own homes, and for stimulating that interest which knowledge and thought can develop in the objects with which most women are more or less concerned, whatever their other purposes may be." And why call it a degree for house-wives? why not house-holders? In a social transition stage like the present words need careful handling, for the accepted meanings of yesterday may not be the accepted meanings of to-day or. .. to-morrow. to sum up. "Educationist" thinks domestic work "lower-grade work." I don't. I like it, and consider it needs much intelligence if it is to be well done. Lady Meyer, I fancy, thinks it (when well polished up by science) "woman's work." I don't. It will, in the future, be like painting, music, much child-bearing, politics, etc., some women's work. in the Standard of December 5th, 1911, there is an interesting anti-suffrage article by Edward a. Mitchell Innes, K.C. the following passage is taken from it: — "What is it which gives to the opinion of an intelligent woman on current events its peculiar value and weight? Is it not this: that she is not in contact with the political fighting organisation which we call 'the machine'? Her opinions, though in touch with actualities, have a detachment and a freshness all their own—not mere echoes of the din, and unsoiled by the dust of party politics. her thought is invested with a certain quality of sereneness, communicated to it by the comparative tranquillity and protectedness of her life. That quality, and the respect paid to it, is an important part of the secret of women's influence. It is one of the foundations of that relation between the sexes which is called chivalry. Would either man or woman see it shaken without regret? plunge women into active politics, and both the quality and the influence will be gone." Of course! But as there are plenty of men now outside politics with helpful, fresh opinions, so there will probably be still more women equally outside politics, and therefore—on Mr. Mitchell Innes' showing—"fresh" and helpful! Because women—to be quite accurate, some women—want the vote, it is absurd to suppose that all women want to be politicians ! Someone said to me the other day, "I've no patience with women nowadays; they are always wanting something, and they don't even know what they want, and none of them want the same thing." What a healthy sign, thought I; and once again olive Schreiner's words came to me: "For the present our cry is, 'We take all labour for our province !'" from the judge's seat to the legislator's chair, from the statesman's closet to the merchant's office, from the chemist's laboratory to the astronomer's tower, there is no post or form of toil for which it is not our intention to attempt to fit ourselves; and there is no closed door we do not intend to force open; and there is no fruit in the garden of knowledge it is not our determination to eat. acting in us, and through us, nature, we know, will mercilessly expose to us our deficiencies in the field of human toil, and reveal to us our powers. and, for to-day, we take all labour for our province!—believe me, with apologies for writing at such length, Coralie M. Boord. December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 71 To the Editors of The Freewoman. May I express my great satisfaction that Lady Meyer has written to criticise my article on "A University Degree for Housewives"? I am glad that she has done so because her letter has made it clear that it is necessary to emphasise certain points which, though referred to, were not sufficiently insisted upon. Lady Meyer evidently imagines that I care far less than she does, if I care at all, for the welfare of the household, and for the mental and physical development of its inhabitants. In this she has judged incorrectly, but this is not the point which I wish to make here, nor attempted to make in my previous article. I mention it merely in order to clear the ground for the maintenance of my conviction that the course, as outlined by the London University, is discreditable, for the precise reason that it is a University. Such a course as outlined, pretentious and pedantic as it is, would not be discreditable in a Technical School, an Evening School, a School of Arts and Crafts, or a Domestic Science School, if in these institutions for the acquisition of sundry crafts and specialised knowledge it could find a place; and we should not feel the animus and irritation which we feel against the London University scheme. In such institutions experimentation in its crudest form is very rightly carried on; but even in such schools as these, however, I doubt whether such a hotch-potch course as this could pass the common-sense judgment of those responsible for intelligent curricula. Lady Meyer states that I have made the subject of housework the centralising idea, when I ought to have understood it was "Household Care," this latter comprising the subjects of the physical and mental care of human beings, whether in households, schools, or institutions. (There is the trail of the serpent. A watered-down variety of the whole quackery is to filter from the universities to the schools and institutions, so once we allow it to gather at the fountain-head, we shall have endless difficulty of getting rid of the subsidiary streams.) Lady Meyer seeks to point an analogy between the care of the household and engineering and agriculture. There is no soundness in such an analogy, and we ask Lady Meyer merely to read through a syllabus of either of these subjects as carried out in the London University, and compare it with that required for the managemnet of a household. She will then realise the vast difference in training and mental capacity necessary for the grasp of these two. Moreover, in both agriculture and engineering one can map out a round of studies which lead up to a single consummation. In either case a specific result can be acquired, and its acquisition can be tested scientifically, but when the subject is "Care of a Household," no such means of applying a scientific test is available. In the first place, we do not know what a household is. In the second place, we are all differing as to the proper care of it, but in any case we know that the person who can attend to all a household's cares would be a prodigy appearing once in a thousand years. Let us see what those responsible for the course say is necessary for such a task. They modestly postulate Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Hygiene, Physiology, Household Work, Cookery, Laundry, Housewifery, Book-keeping, Business Affairs, Ethics, and Psychology. Anyone who can mass together such an intellectual mosaic as this, and call it a ucourse," must for ever lose claim to anything like mental clarity, also they must write themselves down as encouragers of intellectual botchery. Any three, or even two, of these subjects, excluding the main (household work, with bookkeeping and business affairs) would take up the whole three years' course, if a degree of efficiency creditable to a university were demanded. They can, moreover, be undertaken in the ordinary way, efficiently, and in their proper setting, in courses which have existed for years in the London University and elsewhere. Suppose Lady Meyer considers for one moment such a subject as chemistry, which the King's College course is encouraging, with a view to research in foodstuffs. Such research is an extremely difficult branch of chemistry, and can only be undertaken by an extremely efficient chemical student, very different from those produced in the chemistry course provided for in the scheme. She would need to have at her service every appliance and assistant which modern advance in chemical knowledge could afford. Such research, indeed, could be infinitely better carried on in the laboratories of the already existing schools of chemistry where all other chemical research is carried on. It can never be done efficiently in a college for women, making no specialisation in" chemistry and having no more to work with than the amateurish knowledge which could be equalled in any high school. The fact of the matter is that this scheme has been rushed. The promoters themselves do not know their bearings. They have not taken the trouble to look round and realise what other means are lying at hand for the solution of the difficulties of the household. A university body has no business to allow itself to be rushed in such a matter. It is far loo serious, for in allowing appeals to be made in its name for such a scheme, thus winning support for it, the University ties its hands against creating a better. It is utterly useless as it stands; it could all have been done elsewhere, and the money saved. These enthusiasts for a household appear to have but little idea of the ramifications of a household. They have been as arbitrary in that which they have fixed upon as in that which they have decided to omit. They have yet to realise that the household is a community in petto; requiring for its proper care the specialised services of doctors, nurses, chemists, psychologists, teachers, cooks, household workers, just as much as it needs weavers, spinners, butchers, bakers, architects, inventors, laundrymen, miners, and sailors, and there is no more reason in taking up the fourteen subjects mentioned in the syllabus than there is in taking up any of the latter. I believe that the promoters of the scheme have, with quite the best intentions, nevertheless, perpetrated a piece of intellectual charlatanry. Surely it is not too late for them to withdraw. "Educationist." MARRIAGE AND MOTHERHOOD. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I wish that Eric Gill had illustrated his argument with diagrams. I have devoted some time to the interpretation of his letter, and conclude that he means that the cultivation of sex relations generally results in children, and is therefore entitled to consecration by the Church or State. Quite so; but it is perfectly evident that sexual relations are, and can be, deprived of their natural consequences; hence my article. I am sorry that I seem not "to react against the notion that sexual intercourse is not to be regarded as the preliminary to the production of children." Of course, my main contention is that people who do not so regard it should not be entitled to the protection of the State; but I am certainly not prepared to assert that sex relations without that end in view should be condemned. Nobody should be forced into parentage against his or her will; and people who don't want to be parents are entitled to establish such private relations as they please. I confess that I am still in the dark as to your correspondent's meaning. Edmund B. d'Auvergne. » ®&gt; 9 To the Editors of THE FREEWOMAN. M. d'Auvergne's reply to my letter savours somewhat of the impatient restiveness of the ordinary man under feminine criticism, especially when that criticism is directed against the expression of his divine right to lay down the law on all sex matters. Contemptuous references to the supposed personality of an unknown critic, when combined with a "can't be bothered" attitude, merely suggest inability to grasp the opposing point of view. I shall be content to leave my letter undefended to the thoughtful consideration of such of your readers as "can be bothered," only expressing regret if my criticism of one special point in M. d'Auvergne's article seemed to imply any lack of appreciation of his very praiseworthy desire to improve the position of the unmarried mother. At the same time, may I suggest to M. d'Auvergne, in view of certain remarks made by him, that as, largely owing to the uncontrolled excesses of his own sex, untold suffering and sacrifice of life are entailed by child-bearing upon women, and upon women alone, it might be more becoming if members of his sex, ignorant, of necessity, of the nature of intensity of these sufferings, and relieved absolutely from having any share in the risks of this, the greatest, battlefield of life, would refrain from contemptuous diatribes against the childless woman. And I would also suggest that it might tend to a more serious belief in the sincerity of men's professed concern for the continuance of the race, and for its future wellbeing, if there were some evidence of self-sacrifice on their part towards such end, in a willingness to deny themselves the indulgence of these excesses, condoned by Society and the State alike, which, beyond all other causes, have established and maintained an abnormally high infant mortality, and gone furthest and deepest in the deterioration and degeneration of all civilised races. I. D. Pearce. ® ® ft To the Editors of The Freewoman. It appears that it is something of a waste of time to write further to you about this unfortunate "argument" concerning militancy that has marred the opening numbers 72 THE FREWOMAN December 14, 1911 of your paper. But three points call for notice: (1) When you speak of the "blatant insolence," etc., with which your advice was received, you give colour to accusations of petty spite and rancour. (2) Why, one asks with emphasis, are the "leaders" of a society like the W.S.P.U. obliged to follow advice? If the advisers dislike the leadership, it is open to them to resign, to criticise outside (not to make personal and acrimonious attacks—that is disloyal to comradeship and to the cause). There is no compulsion on members of the W.S.P.U. They can listen and follow, or listen—and—do the other thing. For myself, I have had to think out pretty closely each militant step before I accepted it. The outside criticism is quite sufficient, and always has been, to prevent hasty and illconsidered hero-worship. (3) You propose civil war when the proposed amendment (not yet formulated) has been rejected by a leaderless house. May one ask, is Miss Gawthorpe to rise from a bed of sickness to lead us in our efforts to "drench the country with blood"? Why "Let the Hampdens stand forth"? We shall surely have a right to expect that the originators of this somewhat desperate idea shall play the part themselves! One asks, have our Editors ever had any true insight into the ethics of the militant movement, despite the part they have played in them? And if they expect the men of the country to rise in civil war on behalf of woman's freedom— well, nothing more is to be said. E. Jacobs. December 9th, 1911. ® ® » To the Editors of the Freewoman. In the turmoil and dust of heated controversy and personal attack and abuse, one, to my mind, most forcible point of view has been entirely overlooked. What are we all engaged in? A war, is it not? Very well, then, what are the most salient features of battle? An army engaged against an enemy, under the leadership of generals. This army, composed of units in the form of soldiers, prepared, for the time being, to do battle under the direction of, and giving loyal obedience to, these said generals. If a general makes a mistake, his soldiers must be prepared to err with him, for it is often better to strike and make a mistake than not to strike at all. "All can be forgiven," says Mrs. Re-Bartlett in her recent book when referring to the woman's movement, "except the error of supineness." And as far as the W.S.P.U. is concerned, it must not be forgotten that all of us who serve under that banner do so of our own free will; for us no press gang has existed, and we can leave at any moment. I take it that we serve there, because, for us, in spite of human imperfections, it seems the best method of gaining the end in view. Whether we call ourselves "Suffragists, Suffragettes, or Feminists, we are all engaged in the one holy war for the emanciation, spiritual, moral, and political, of our sex. Against us are arrayed all the mighty forces of lust of power, prejudice, greed, impurity, and intemperance (I use this word in its widest sense). Surely these are enemies enough, without the soldiers wasting their precious energies by turning and rending one another. If we must fight in various corners of the field, and with various weapons, at any rate do not let us form ourselves into hostile camps, but rather let us reserve carpings and criticisms—from whatever quarter they come—until the battle is over and won. December 11th, 1911. KATHARINE DOUGLAS-SMITH. @@@ To the Editors of the freewoman. I like your excellent paper for women, and men too, I hope. It is refreshing, but please don't spoil it with the quarrel with the W.S.P.U. Apparently, because you have been members of the W.S.P.U., you must not criticise. In my humble opinion, I should say, who better? You have been behind the scenes, and know.. .. However, I hope you will let it drop, and keep on with all the other good things in the paper. I would like to know why you write for "Some," and not "All." I am one of the poor "Alls," yet I like your paper. I would that you would write for the "All" in order that "Some" would appreciate, and try to propagate your views among the "All." There are other things with which I don't agree, but which are merely matters of opinion, so it is useless to waste time. "A mere subscriber." December 9th, 1911. @@@ To the Editors of the freewoman. I have always understood it to be customary for correspondence to be printed as received, omissions necessitated by lack of space being indicated by asterisks. A letter of mine appears this week in a mutilated form, without asterisks, having my signature interpolated eleven times, and the date omitted. It is further stated that it arrived "late." It was posted on Sunday, December 3rd. As to the answers given: — 1. Does the freewoman imagine that Suffragists have a monopoly in the power to "discriminate between affirmation and denial"—"sentimental" or otherwise? The editors should neglect the Anti-Suffrage Review no longer. 2. The definition of feminism. I fancied the one given was original, but wanted to be certain. One is prepared to accept any definition for the purpose of argument, if it is clearly stated that in the case given it means something different to what is usually implied, e.g., a lunatic insists on calling a horse a motor, explaining, "When I say motor I mean horse." It is perfectly simple if one is warned. But why scorn poor Nuttall, and offer-—the editors of the freewoman! Shades of Plato, Rousseau, and Mill ! 3. Regarding criticism of the W.S.P.U. as an organisation. Last week we were told that it had received "none whatever." Now we are informed that Mrs. Billington Greig's was "inadequate." It is a matter of common knowledge that much was levelled at the W.S.P.U. when the Freedom League was founded. Whether the details of that foundation are now of public interest is for the editors to judge. 5. Obviously one does not speak of a person "wallowing in seeing," because it would be both senseless and ungrammatical, but where is the exaggeration in saying that he does so in "sex-consciousness" if he appears to be obsessed by it ? Who said that sex was in itself degrading? Because a man does not wish to live on jam, it is hardly fair to say that he manifestly thinks it poisonous. Such a predilection for preserve, to the exclusion of other articles of diet, would, however, indicate a morbid appetite. I am warned, in conclusion, that it is "no light thing to ask the Editors of the freewoman personal questions regarding the W.S.P.U." (The italics are mine.) Evidently not if one objects to being informed that one does so "to show" that one is animated "by a spirit of mischievousness and love of gossip." Personally, I am not conscious of being filled with either of these unpleasing characteristics. If I were I should not desire to show them. HELEN GORDON CLARK, M.D. December 8th, 1911. [The mutilation referred to is a quotation from a pamphlet written by Miss Gawthorpe. Miss Gawthorpe replies to questions relating to herself this week. A letter received Monday morning cannot make a journey to Buckinghamshire and back by Monday noon. Considering the state of the grammar of the paragraph which tells us, with no warrant, we are ungrammatical, we will not put our correspondent to the strain of arguing the matter. For the rest, we advise a re-perusal of questions and answers of last week.—ed.] The Editors' Reply to Dr. HELEN GORDON CLARK. (1) Was not one of the editors a member of the Committee of the W.S.P.U. when most of the militant outbreaks chronicled were "commanded"? (2) Did she enter a protest then, or did she "coerce" her conscience, as we are to applaud Mr. Asquith for not doing? (3) When did she resign? Was she still a member when letters were sent round inviting support for THE FREEWOMAN? (4) As Miss Gawthorpe says in Votes for Men, when speaking of their freedom, "I want them to see how all the social structures of which they are so proud, their achievements in education, trade unionism, and co-operation, centred round the demands for political recognition." H. G. CLARK. 1. Yes. 2. No. There was no need to protest against grounds for official militancy during my active connection therewith, because I approved. (From the spring of 1910 I have been under medical care, as Dr. Clark may remember from her reading of Votes for Women.) 3. In September last. The editors of Votes for Women published a paragraph relating thereto which Dr. Clark has evidently overlooked. 4. Miss Gawthorpe sees no point which needs a reply. MARY GAWTHORPE. @@@ to dr. EDER. Dr. Eder shows the greatest regard for possible critics, inasmuch as he proceeds to make statements. With most December 14, 1911 THÉ FREEWOMAN 73 of these statements we disagree. As we have been forced to delay answering Dr. Eder's statements until two weeks after it appeared, we are compelled to restate some of them. Dr. Eder says that the construction put upon "Freewoman" by the writer of "Bondwomen," is "an entity separate from all other entities, with relationships towards no other individual, associating with none, linked to no one, bound to nothing; such a freedom is for ever impossible." We say it is not only impossible, it is inconceivable, and no such parody of freedom was ever suggested by the writer of "Bondwomen." The word "freedom" postulates relationships. It has no meaning apart from them. Alone on a desert island a person can neither be "free" nor "not-free." Dr. Eder is thinking of "isolation," which we did not mention. A further statement that "the woman of the working classes can dispose of her life as she chooses, sell her labour when and where she chooses, and marry whom she chooses," we believe is true of all choice possible to her, but the choice is Hobson's. She is generally forced into whatever local industry there is to hand. In the same way she cannot "sell her labour when and where she chooses." Not only are economic conditions too strong for her, but the parental control, which is strong over women, forces her to bend, willy-nilly, to whatever is offered her. As to "marrying whom she chooses," never was there a wilder mistake; she actually marries on account of the development of certain common human emotions, developing in, and being developed in her by some person that a chance contiguity has brought her way. If Dr. Eder imagines this is her "choice," let him study for a moment the literature of working women. The major part of it is made up of novels, in which no male in a station less than a baronet, or unpossessed of striking beauty, would be tolerated. She does not choose her mate, she takes what is going, and makes the best of him. It is again, as a rule, Hobson's choice. Referring to the female wage-slave, he says, "Her loss of freedom is due to her class, and not to her sex." "The modern women's movement is an attempt to obtain for themselves the freedom already enjoyed by poor women." "Another side of this revolt is shown in the attempt of the middle-class women to interfere with the independence of the poor." "You will find none of these ladies objecting with the same vehemence to domestic service for poor women." "When married, the working-class woman can continue in the job she is engaged upon, her economic independence is perfectly safeguarded." We disagree with each of these statements, and we think Dr. Eder fails to recognise whatever there is of genius in the "Modern Women's Movement." In parts it is an artificial thing, a thing made up of words, but wherein it is real, it is a demand for something deeper than even economic freedom. It is a movement towards fundamental freedom, the freedom of the will. Many middle-class women have sufficient money to make themselves free if they knew how. They, almost alone amongst the people of to-day, are endeavouring to seize the very essentials of freedom. We believe that it is quite as much a misstatement to say that economic independence will constitute freedom as to say that political independence will. Freedom is an affair of the soul itself. We shall incidentally achieve a material freedom, but this is only a dry husk to the freedom we conceive of. We do not quite see why Dr. Eder should not be prepared to discuss practical schemes for the endowment of motherhood. It is a subject which he has studied, and as already under the Insurance Bill we have "Insurance of Fatherhood," it does not necessitate much imagination to proceed to the consideration of the Endowment of Motherhood. As in our opinion some such provision will be necessary when women become the wholly responsible parents of children, and as "man does not travail with child," as Dr. Eder points out, while a woman does, we think some arrangement will have to be made for providing for the mother at a time when her work is temporarily suspended.—Ed. ® ® ® To Mrs. Billington-Greig. Mrs. Billington-Greig appears to have mistaken our attitude towards criticism, and particularly towards personal criticism. We have nothing but admiration for personal criticism when it is entered into with a reputable motive. Moreover, we agree that when a person or persons wrap round a policy with their own personality, they must either readily invite and welcome personal criticism, or they must stand convicted of practising a mean shift to avoid fair criticism of their policy. Therefore, we agree that criticism of any dictatorship must of necessity be personal, either political-personal or moral-personal, or both. In the first number of The Freewoman, our criticism of the W.S.P.U. was political-personal. It aroused as much fury as if it had been moralpersonal. If this senseless raging goes on, we shall proceed to the moral-personal criticism which we have been approaching in the last two issues of The Freewoman. Mrs. Billington-Greig's criticism, which appeared first in a certain journal, contained, in addition to political-personal criticism, moral-personal criticism, as when she pointed out that the W.S.P.U. organisation was held together by a conscientiously directed affectional control. This moral-personal criticism, we consider perfectly right and perfectly admirable in its courage. But we would ask Mrs. Billington-Greig to follow us here, that in the instance in which we took the liberty of using her name, we were answering a critic who was endeavouring to prove that the W.S.P.U. organisation had received public criticism, notably at her hands. We were compelled to point out, and we here do so again, that in the hubbub of execration roused by the moral-personal criticism, the criticism of the organisation —the political-personal—was lost sight of, and by the time the personal hubbub had died down, Mrs. BillingtonGreig had ceased to produce further criticism. We hope Mrs. Billington-Greig will understand that we had no intention of implying that she ought to have kept up further criticisms. That is surely an individual affair. We merely wished to point out that her criticism was inadequate to do what we were maintaining had not been done, i.e., it had not initiated public criticism of the organisation. In the latter part of Mrs. BillingtonGreig's letter, she seems afraid that the editors of The Freewoman may not be relied upon to use only the weapons of truth and reason in criticising the W.S.P.U. or any other body. We feel that she does not quite do these weapons justice. Persisted in, we believe they are quite a match for modern successful hustling. We thank Mrs. Billington-Greig for her good wishes and her warning against paying undue attention to the W.S.P.U. Inasmuch as the attention is undue, we agree, but we must remain judges of what is due and undue. Last week, criticism of that organisation took up much space, and we did not think our apology to other readers unnecessary. But we are not in agreement with Mrs. Billington-Greig and other private correspondents who think such criticism out of place in our journal. Of all the corruptions to which the woman's movement is now open, the most poisonous and permeating is that which flows from sentimentalism, and it is in the W.S.P.U. that sentimentalism is now rampant. We believe it tends to bespatter the movement. We shrink from its threatening impact. "To wash in the running brook, to put on fresh raiment, and remain unclean until the evening," would be symbolic of our striving towards purification after coming up against it again. We quiver with shame at the cheap travesty of great phrases, the impertinent use of great names. "If Joan of Arc could die for her country, surely we can put up with ridicule," said one of their great orators in the Albert Hall. The phrase is symbolic of their irreverent mockery at great rebellion and rebels. While calling down upon the audience all the glory of a world's martyrs, they are asked in return to stand a little ridicule. It is the same with the Hampdens. All that we know of Hampden was that he made civil war. Civil war and Hampden are their household words. We mention civil war. See how they splutter! It is this sentimentalism that is abhorrent to us. We fight it as we would fight prostitution or any other social disease. We can assure Mrs. Billington-Greig that our criticisms are not trivial, nor are they irrelevant to the feminist movement.—Ed. 9 9 ® To Mrs. W. W. Jacobs. Mrs. Jacobs is perfectly welcome to put any construction which commends itself to her regarding the attitude of The Freewoman. In regard to her curiosity concerning Miss Gawthorpe, John Hampden, and Civil War, we would assure her that when we liken Miss Gawthorpe to John Hampden, and she proceeds to familiarise her audiences with phrases about Civil War, then, undoubtedly, we shall expect her to live up to her likeness and her phrases, for we have a very considerable contempt for phrases greater than their import. We point out that ours is not the vision which proclaimed civil war. We merely make very clear, bearing in mind the grounds of justification for civil war in the past, the time and circumstance at, and under which some of these phrases regarding civil war may fitly be redeemed. If "militant" suffragists do not mean Civil War, they may not continue to boast concerning Civil War.—Ed. 74 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 The Sanctions of Modern Monogamy. IN my last article I tried to show that modern monogamy is at present a muddled and tangled institution. The motives of the trade union instinct, of the ascetic taboo, of the adoption of "morality as an attitude to those we dislike," and an obscure instinct towards promoting the welfare of society, are hopelessly confused. This confusion produces a kind of moral vacuum, eloquently described in a passage of Mr. Wells' "New Machiavelli" leading up to the catastrophe of the book. The ideas of the ancient State, or of contemporary China, were and are refreshingly simple. The predominant object was a proper supply of fighting or working men, which justified and justifies the wholesale murder of female infants at birth. This laudable aim was modified by Christian influences, which put a premium on celibacy and virginity as such, and reduced marriage to a kind of licence for a dangerous, and far from holy, indulgence. The result was social outlawry for the unchaste spinster, and a compulsion to unlimited parturition for the wife. Nor was all this incompatible with a licensed infidelity for the husband. Adultery, according to the Canon Law, could only be committed with a married woman. The intercourse of a married man with an unmarried woman was not defined as adulterous. To-day we are suffering from a chaotic state of opinion in which all the above-mentioned elements casually emerge. The ascetic person wishes to annihilate the race, if necessary, but in any event to segregate men and women. Their congregation is so "distressingly oriental"! (The remark shows an odd ignorance of the East in a critic who should perhaps know better.) On the other hand, the unreflecting person sees in monogamy, as known under the English marriage laws, the one and only means to social salvation. The interest of men and women in the question is really identical. The true solution of our difficulties would appear to be monogamy tempered by easy divorce and proper safeguards for the concubine. If a woman's first intimate experience of a man is to occur in the bonds of marriage, she ought to have a better chance than she has now of revising her conclusions. How is she likely to avoid a fatal blunder, blinded as she must be by sex feeling and the domestic instinct, yet also conscious of the terrible conditions of the market—all against her and all in favour of the man? A man has the pick of the market, and generally knows more what he is about. He therefore fares better. But why should he irrevocably suffer the consequences of marrying a woman who really does not care for him? Such results do not promote matrimonial happiness or social welfare, and the principal reason for tying these people up for life in the outrageous fashion peculiar to English law is that we have not sloughed off the anxiety of the mediaeval ecclesiastic to confuse sex emotion with mutual compatibility, and to presume marriage in circumstances where marriage ought not to be presumed. But if marriage is not to be presumed in every case of sex intimacy, what is the alternative? Is the unmarried woman, and possibly her child, to be cast into outer darkness? This seems to unthinking persons the only alternative, but it is not. The via media is to set up proper legal protection for such children, and this would of itself promote monogamy. Polygamy in polygamous countries is highly sensitive to economic conditions. Many an Oriental cannot afford more than one wife. Financial liability is the best check ever known on sexual irregularity. The whole raison d'etre of prostitution is the desire of the man to escape financial liability by the payment of small sums in cash, such payment not being legally enforceable. Monogamy, as we know it, legally enables a man to bilk his wife after his death, and his mistress during his life. It enables him to seduce a woman with almost complete impunity, and to possess the woman who marries him without proper opportunity of knowing what she is really undertaking, on pain of social outlawry. The wife can, of course, run away if she has separate means, as in the case of Regina v. Jackson, and the husband is left without remedy, but this leaves neither free to remarry and only makes the last state worse than the first. Even to criticise such a state of things appears "distressingly oriental" to one of our critics. To sit down under it appears to me even more "distressingly oriental." If monogamy is to be founded on any rational sanction, the sooner we make it reasonable the better. Otherwise we shall find the more enlightened members of the community making laws for themselves in a more occidental fashion than now prevails! E. S. P. H. Flannelette. If purchasers of this useful material for Underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the risks they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. Horrockses' Flannelettes (made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills, and Sheetings) are the best. "HORROCKSES" stamped on selvedge every five yards. Awarded the Certificate of The Incorporated Institute of Hygiene. December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 75 Nelly. IT was a hot August day. From his high palace, at which Nelly dare not gaze, the sun cast myriad gems upon the blue sea, where they shone like Nelly's eyes, and danced like her merry feet. Nelly herself played on the shore, not yet free of the wonder of the miraculous yellow carpet on which she had romped for nearly two weeks, and on which she could tumble to her heart's content and take no hurt. Nelly was good at tumbling. Ruminating, it seemed to her that she had fallen on every separate cobblestone in her native alley, and a hundred wounds tingled anew at the memory; but on this stuff! To point the difference, Nelly took a "header" into a miniature mountain range that her industry had created, and then, sand in her hair and ears, scampered away on feet light as leaves. Near to her other gamins played, members of her own tribe, dwellers in the same submerged street. On all of them, as they raced about the over-peopled places of East London, a fresh-air fund had laid a fairy hand, and, presto! here they were, on this thirteenth day, still smiled upon by their great brother the sun, still played to by that most ancient of fiddlers, the sea. Long since the smudge and pallor of East London had been blown away. Their faces were brown now, deep brown, the colour that Joe O'Grady's father brought back from the end of the world, where, as he told his neighbours, the wind was so hot you could fry your meat in it. It was the thirteenth day, and (accursed number!) the last! To-morrow, in their old quarters, the children would wake to the sound of no sea, and the sun—how could he leave this space of waves and sand to squeeze himself between the bricks of Chimney Street? The revellers plunged deeper into the sand to escape the thought of that drear, sunless morrow. They were omnipotent in the sand. They built Commercial Road and trod its! unsatisfactory shapes into original dust. They built churches and overthrew them for unworthiness. They built gaols and workhouses and factories: the whole paraphernalia of our civilisation as it appears to the child of East London, and with a sudden hand made an end of it, as God might. Nelly, for her part, sought personal effects. She had a taste for caricature, and loved to spread out her friends in chalk on East London pavements. Scraping vigorously, here, she quickly outlined Aunt Martha, who was tall and wispy, and eternally in tears. "Shambles," her neighbours called her, in deference to the many surgical operations she had outlived, and loved to talk about. "The doctors," she said, "knew her hinterior better'n she knew Chimney Street." She had been cut up and patched so often that Nelly wondered sometimes how much of the original aunt remained, and felt dubious of the propriety of having a relative so seriously adulterated. She tried to depict her in her favourite attitude, shoulders shrugged and arms folded, as she gloated over nameless mutilations yet to be endured. "The doctor sez it's both lungs," she would whine, "and he's gettin' a specialist wot attended to a Rile Princess to do the. cutting." Then Nelly drew Martha's husband, a fat, beery man, who bore his wife's sufferings with a fortitude that brought him, as he imagined, very inadequate recognition. Nelly drew him at a Saturday-night angle, and heard the old story of his woes. "It's all very well for 'er. She-s only got ter sniff the blooming bottle, and she don't feel nothing till she wikes up with a new liver, or whatever she like. It's me wot's got the wurry. I can't take a sniff and wike up with a new missus! 'Tisn't every feller would stand 'is ole gel gettin' cut inter so of'en." But further draughts would mellow him, and always his plaint had this end :— Well, missus,' I sez, ' I don't like it; mind that. But if it's for your good-! ' " The martyr would stop to receive congratulations on his concession to his wife's passion for surgical indulgence. Nelly took a longer time to limn a third figure, and as it took shape a mist came before her eyes and her throat felt dry and hot. " Pore mother," she said, and then she stopped drawing altogether, that she might the better follow the heavy, clumsy figure that moved before the eye of her imagination. It was that clumsy figure that in each grey dawn cleaned their little room, and made breakfast for Nellie, and packed up Nellie's dinner, and then hurried away to the laundry where she worked— how hard Nellie could only guess by her exhaustion when she returned, often at a later hour at night. A new perception of the goodness of this unselfish, clumsy mother broke upon the little girl, and she lay down in a great sand hollow, where her comrades could not see her, to think about it. How much goodness came back to her then! Nellie's father was long since dead, and she remembered that he used to drink, and beat mother and herself. Nelly remembered nights when he never came home, and her mother sobbing—great, passionate sobs, that shook her large frame and made Nelly think she would choke. Nelly, by this time thoroughly overcome, and troubled by recollection of her own frequent petulance and wilfulness, sobbed too. Then her great brother the Sun, not liking that the little maid should weep, kissed her gently with his drowsy lips, while the Sea filled the air with the languorous music of his one tune, and Nelly slept. They say along that coast that of old time a dragon came out of the sea once in ten years, and carried off a maiden to his palace at the bottom of the waters. But Nelly had read the true story, and knew that he was not a real dragon, but a king's son, on whom a wicked enchantress had cast a spell, and that he gave no hurt to the maidens he captured, but presents of gems and sea-shells, and charms that won them lovers. So when she saw the dragon coming Nelly did not fear, but smiled upon him and waved her hand. But he must have been a real dragon after all, for he was clammy and cold, and seized Nelly so roughly that she could not breathe. Then, with noises in her ears, she called " Mother! " and she felt the dragon release her, and about her warm and tender arms, and mother's kisses upon her face. And she felt, in this world, nothing more. At nightfall, when boats are still searching in the waters where Nelly encountered the dragon, a panting, weighty woman will come along Commercial Road. She will be heavily laden, but will not dally. "I mustn't stop, Mrs. Lerridge," she will say to her neighbour; "Nelly'll be 'ome soon, and I've jist next to nothin' done." When she reaches her room she will light the fire and put the kettle on, and bring out a dozen good things that Nelly loves from her large basket. Then, when the kettle sings and the table is spread, and cups and saucers are shining, she will think of the little brown-faced lassie who will burst upon her in a moment. And, with a kiss and "God bless you, deary," on her expectant lips, she will sit down to wait. J. J. MALLON. 76 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 Feminism and the Propagandist Drama. THE old familiar controversy in the drama between the "art for art's sake" and the "art for men's sake" schisms has lately been complicated by the animated assertion that there can also be "art for women's sake." It is not at all an unnatural claim. Here and there We have a few good feminist plays to give us the hint; on every hand we have the tokens of a stirring feminist movement to justify us with the sanction of honourable material. Why, then, cannot this movement express itself, along the pioneer lines already laid down, in a school of plays which should fairly be called a "feminist drama" ? That is the question, asked recurrently by the friends of the modern woman's movement, who look beyond its unpermanent phases of to-day, on which this paper seeks to cast a much needed light. Unfortunately, the weight of authority seems all on one side, the negative. I conceive the position of most people who have thought about this point to be an ardent desire for feminist plays, coupled with a reluctant admission, in the face of dramatic dogma, that there is really no place for them; for the dramatic dogmatists have undoubtedly constructed a profoundly consistent intellectual case against the drama of ideas. And to turn the weight of this authority against the pretensions of the feminist drama is, to most minds perhaps, to crush those pretensions unmercifully. What can be said against using the stage as a pulpit or as a platform for intelligent discussion can be said with equal reason and considerably more emotion against making the stage a tribune for the Suffragettes. It is the last straw which should break the back of the propagandist drama—it is, indeed, a reductio ad feminem. Now I do not here propose to fight the battle over again for the drama of ideas. What I am concerned to point out is that if this style of drama belongs with propriety to the realm of art, and I believe it does, its claim rests to a far greater extent than is commonly considered on the dramatic expression it has given to feminism. What I call the faith of the propagandist drama—to Mr. Ashley Dukes it is its illusion—has here, at any rate, grown very clearly into works. Ibsen, Brieux, Shaw, and Barker have earned the name of "advanced" dramatists, for example, very largely through the attention they have paid to the "advanced" woman. In fact, feminism is the only intellectual issue which the drama of ideas has set forth in anything like common accord. Mr. Galsworthy has written one play to point out the sinister unreason of the modern labour dispute, and another to portray the inhuman and tragic muddle of the ticket-of-leave system. Mr. Shaw has contributed plays about the Salvation Army, the doctors, the Ibsenites, and half a dozen other features of our modern Vanity Fair. But the favourite subject of the propagandist dramatist, the idea which he has introduced most clearly and persistently throughout his work, has been the idea of feminism. From "The Doll's House" and "The Lady from the Sea" of yesterday to "The Three Daughters of Monsieur Dupont" and "Just to Get Married" of to-day the change which is coming over the mass of women has furnished the topic on which the drama of ideas must stand or fall. It must surely stand. Though all honour be to the critics who would hold our dramatic canons clear and high above the temporal controversies of an age of uncertain doctrine, they have neglected in their case for "art for art's sake" one or two points of vital concern to the whole case, and of the utmost relevance to the special example of feminism. They have neglected that borderland of subject-matter which is neither drama nor propaganda, which lies midway between the long reach of art and the fleeting span of life. They have drawn a sharp line between treating a man as a man and treating him as a type, and have laid down the strict rule that dramatic art can never have any social interest whatever. Let me put their error more precisely. They have said (and among them Mr. G. K. Ches.terton has said it very eloquently) that in true drama one watches the fight of a human will, or several human wills, with such devouring concentration that there is positively no room on the stage for mere corollaries of life like social questions. There comes a thrilling point in the real play when our attention is gripped in a crisis of absolutely individual interest—will this man do right or wrong? It is the distinction between the real and the hybrid drama, to conclude the dogmatist point of view, that in the real drama this fundamental moral conflict occurs, and in the hybrid propagandist drama it is merely talked about. In the face of the fact that the recent history of the drama has been full of fundamental changes, such, for instance, as the growth of the realistic technique, this current dogmatising should at least be more conscious of its dangerous presumption. The example of feminism, however, is sufficient to convict it of serious exaggeration. It will not bend to this new contingency; for the feminist movement represents a social and an individual question in one. It aims toward a moral change no less passionately concerned with personal than with social problems. It is bringing about an alteration of the soul of man through the recognition of the soul of woman. An orthodox expression of life in art unravels before us a hundred complexities and paradoxes from our inner natures which give rise to that really thrilling force, convention. But where the "art for art's sake" breaks down utterly is where it fails to account for that no less legitimate art which challenges convention. The defiance of tradition is a subject just as proper to great art as its assertion and explanation. Surely the defiance of the tradition of woman's place and duty in the world is no trivial or abstract defiance; it is a passionate conflict of the highest dramatic possibilities. Let him who doubts this read his "Doll's House" and consider whether there are many scenes in all the art of the theatre which conjure up in us more intensely the intimate magic of the drama than when Nora sits down opposite her husband and lays before him the things that have grown great in her desire which neither he nor the men who made his laws had ever counted on. In defending the feminist drama by pointing out its middle course of "social-individual" subjectmatter, I realise that I am striking into a field of discussion in which there are practically no guideposts of tradition to sanction my hazarded opinions, nor are there familiar terms at hand to clarify and associate my contentions in the mind of the reader. Nevertheless, I can bring home quite clearly what I mean, I think, on the point of the personal interest the drama may find in the women's movement by illustrating precept with example. Something like a hundred years ago a silent change crept over the code of honour which governed the lives of the male half of the commu- December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 77 nity. Quietly, irresistibly, impelled by many a martyr, the standard of courage which was favourable to the bully and the braggart, the cold coward who shot to kill, and the sleek rogue with the supple wrist, straightened out and became so tolerant and democratic as to include the common variety of honest man without a uniform. It was the first revolt against the spirit of militarism. But it had a peculiarly passionate interest of its own to the average man. Its issue lay close to a primal instinct which has provided stuff for plays since the world began—the male instinct for fighting. Now, fighting came out of the controversy no less a sterling test of quality and honour than before, but duelling as our forefathers knew it, with the exception of an occasional performance in stiff fustian across the Channel, has long been decently and effectually buried. I do not insist unduly on the persuasion of this example. I think the issue still presents a fairly untried field for the dramatist—for a conscious antimilitarist spirit grows but slowly. But no one can be so dogmatic as to deny that there is here at once a public movement and an essentially dramatic conflict to the individual of common interest to all sorts and conditions of men. You feel the bond of its universal application particularly, for instance, after seeing the censored German play, "Lights Out," in which the whole soul of a free honour cries out against the warped and standardised code of German militarism. Here is the exact application we have been seeking for our issue of feminism and the propagandist drama. In the same spirit as was fashioned a new code of fighting honour for men there is now being wrought a new code of domestic honour for women. Every other code which has applied to her has regarded her merely as the property of some man, insisting especially on her being his sole and inviolate property. But in the feminist movement the aim has received very clear expression for a code of honour in which the love of a man is to be a contributing but not a dominating standard. Especially is the unscrupulous woman who "never gets caught" {by men—women always find her out) bound sooner or later to take her proper place in the lists of this new honour as the bully who never got skewered has taken his. Surely, then, this crusade against a code, particularly in the light of the intimate concern of the example which has gone before, is in no way irrelevant to the legitimate subject-matter of the drama. It challenges a whole sex tradition, not in the sense that it paralyses in talk the inclination of young people to fall in love, any more than "Lights Out" leaves stultified your belief in fighting. It alters the standards, claiming that, according to a new and more common honour, the events which arise out of love must be faced in a different fashion. And only in the hands of those who are obsessed with it, or are hopelessly prejudiced against it, does the discussion of this movement become dull or its dramatic representation dreary. There remains yet another sidelight from which we may confirm the rightness of the feminist drama in its propagandist relation. Dramatic critics are apt to forget that occasionally a new form of art has been born into the world under the very noses of a protesting and unwilling generation. Sometimes the genius of the new form may top the paltry canons of the day leagues above their understanding; sometimes, too, a saving humility builds a style of expression closer to the earth, far beneath the proud curve the critics have traced in the heavens along which aspiring creators are to aim their projectiles. The latter, I conceive, is the case to-day. We seem to be feeling toward something like social honour. Never was a large civilised community, either artistically or politically, more conscious of itself than is ours to-day. In his conception of "the white passion of statecraft" a novelist of unchallenged artistic genius gives this notion an eloquent acknowledgment and a name. Our interest in remedying the ills of the State goes far beyond the Thirty-nine Articles of an unromantic Fabianism. It is a living thing; above all, it is often of a concern intimately and passionately personal. It means no little readjustment and apparent abasement of standards and ideals for the orthodox artist to co-operate with it; but with art, nevertheless, and with dramatic art in particular, it does and should have an honourable and legitimate relation. It is out of this relation that there has arisen the new form which I may call the determinist drama, so far the chosen métier of feminism. I use the term "determinist," for, though I abhor the implications of that philosophy most cordially, I can think of no better word for a school of plays where the environment looms so high above the characters. It is at once a more vivid and a more precise description of the new impulse in the drama so roughly defined as the "drama of ideas," and the perfect example is "Chains," the epic of Suburbia, whose hero, Charley Wilson, is rightly described in the beginning as "an ordinary city clerk," and in the strict dramatic sense serves as a type and not a character, while the tragedy of an overwhelming environment plays itself out around him. So it plays itself out in "Justice" around the figure of a social victim not nearly so interesting as the breath of our time, which steals now and then unmistakably on the stage. "Strife" and "The Silver Box" are likewise plays not about human wills, but human systems, with the towering giant Environment as the chief character; and THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. 78 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 let me add finally the most typical feminist play of our day and generation, Miss Cicely Hamilton's "Just to Get Married." Those who claim that the essential thrill of the drama is the clear apportionment of moral blame must admit, after seeing this play, as well as any of the others here mentioned, that there is in them no less a supreme dramatic conflict for the clear vision of modern environment thus typified in the handicaps before which the will of man to-day is often nearly helpless. For a time, at least, it is inevitable that the determinist drama will be the most congenial, almost the only style proper to the dramatist who would express the ideal of feminism. All the determinist dramas of our day, and many of them, as we have seen, are among our best, deal mercifully with a class unwillingly and unconsciously coerced. The realisation of their coercion and the contrast of their human struggle for independence against its crushing and exterior necessity is an intensely dramatic affair. Such a method of approach, imperfect as it is as a philosophy of life, and arid as it is in its suggestion of a remedy, flings the blame smug people would load on the victim back upon society, and is thus the first expression of freedom, the freedom from responsibility. Its final and true expression, the acceptance of responsibility, belongs to a greater age of drama than we have to-day, or that we ever have had, with a few exceptions, in the history of the world. It is quite possible that the feminist impulse in the drama may adapt itself in the future toward this more spacious manner. For the present, however, it must enter the larger expression for which it immediately presses, through the gateway of the determinist drama. But as truly as women have souls, it will not stop in its achievement there. G. L. Harding. Used by Royalty. Undoubtedly the Best. SEND FOR TUCK's WORKS OF ART ALL BY TUCK transition FREE Half-price golden leafletted CHRISTMAS CARDS 5- LA GRANDE PRIX Envelopes included. "/ " Containing 25 Golden Versed Tuck's Xmas Cards All Lovely Leafletted Designs RECOMMENDATION PARCEL OF TUCK'S XMAS CARDS 2/6 Parcel for 1/3 Each Card a Work of Art. Sent to any address in the Kingdom for 15 Stamps. Containing 25 Tuck's lovely Leafletted and Golden Versed Designs, all by Tuck, with envelopes, post free 1911-1912 XMAS POST CARDS. BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED, 15 FOR 1/BIG BOX of TEN TOYS for a SHILLING. Parcel Post 1/3. Stamps or P.O. T.B.L., King's Premises,! Savoy Corner, Strand, London. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. Notes on Art. THE loan exhibition of Old Masters at the Grafton Galleries, bringing numerous representative masterpieces out of their opulent retreats, is an excellent preliminary to the study of the larger collections in the National Gallery. Every picture lent has merit, and space is plentiful. We recommend the student, instead of wasting a shilling on the ordinary catalogue, to buy beforehand (or borrow) the Burlington Magasine for November and December, read therein the articles by Roger Fry on some of the pictures, and examine first these pictures with the book in hand. If he does this diligently he will soon find that he has got five shillings' worth of a master-critic's brains, besides possession or a set of good photographs of immortal pictures, many never before exhibited, and some not known even to the critics. For example, Mr. Fry's illuminating comparison of Giotto, Masaccio, and Rembrandt, as illustrated by No. 3 (Giotto's "Salvator Mundi," lent by Lady Jekyll), by No. 7 (Masaccio's "Madonna and Child Enthroned"), and by No. 6o (Rembrandt's "Cook," lent by the Earl of Derby) will help greatly, if carefully followed, to the understanding of the whole gallery, even of the drawings. A relationship in No. 23 (Piero di Cosimo's" Hylas and the Nymphs") to Botticelli would strike even the elementary student of Italian art, and it is satisfactory to be assured by Mr. Fry that Piero di Cosimo must have seen Botticelli's "Primavera" before painting some of his figures of nymphs. The Old Masters here are not all very ancient. There are many portraits by Reynolds, notably the lovely "Mrs. Crewe and Mrs. Bouverie" (No. 45), lent by the Earl of Crewe. Among the drawings are numerous Turners, Gainsboroughs, Cuyps, Ruysdaels, Potters. De Whit's "Vale of Richmond" (201) is characteristically broad, yet delicate, a stream in the middle distance glinting amid stretches of Country brooded over by black cloud. William Pearson, as like De Wint as Piero di Cosimo is like Botticelli, is also represented. The exhibition closes at Christmas. Mr. C. J. Holmes' "Saddleback from the South-West" (17) suggests an attempt to make a combined flag for the W.S.P.U. and the National Union of Suffrage Societies. Professor Fred Brown's "Bridgnorth" (49) and "A Vista" (99) are as full of peace and quietness as Alice Fanner's "Six-mètre Yachts Racing" (53) and "Datchet" (111) are of brilliant breeze and sunshine. While reminded of Mr. C. J. Holmes by his audacious work in this exhibition, we thank him much for his improvements in the National Gallery. One especially, Opie's portrait of Mary Wollstonecraft, is now in its rightful place in the first room, opposite the Watts portrait, and near Shelley. Is it by chance that she is next to Nasmyth's portrait of Robert Burns? Born in the same year as Mary, and dying one year before her, filled, like her, with the poet-soul's flaming love of humanity and passion for justice, his fate even more tragic than hers, there is a curious likeness in feature and expression in the two faces. Now that this much justice has been done to our pioneer Freewoman, we may hope that some day a tablet may mark the house in George Street, Blackfriars, which still stands as when she wrote there the "Vindication of the Rights of Woman"—but who knows of it? To come back to picture galleries. Those who care for true art and craft must have been delighted with their visit to Mr. and Mrs. Nelson-Dawson's studio and workshop in St. Peter's Square, Hammersmith. The "colour prints" of Mr. Dawson and Mr. Lee-Hankey showed that it matters not in what medium the artist works; his message will be the same. Yet it is one advantage of "colour printing" that, to be successful, the acme of elimination of detail has to be reached. No. 3 ("Scarborough at Evening") and No. 6 ("A Sandy Shore, with Ships") of Mr. Nelson-Dawson were wonderful in their feeling for light and shade; and Mr. Lee-Hankey's decorative "Madonna and Child" and Mabel LeeHankey's "Portrait" were hauntingly beautiful. Another room was full of charming works, mostly by Mrs. NelsonDawson, and there we saw her silk-weaving in actual operation, as well as the exquisite fabrics, glowing enamels, and lovely jewellery, completed. It is an utter refreshment to turn from the machine-made wilderness of ordinary London into this haven of true craftsmanship. b. a. s. December 14, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 79 INTERNATIONAL NOTES. Dresden. IN the first Issue of The Freewoman an account of the work of the Mutterschutz movement in Germany was given, and below we give the Statutes drawn up for the international federation of this society, just lately formed in Dresden. The headquarters are at the home of Justizrat Dr. Max Rosenthal, Kurfürstenstrasse, -18, Breslau, XVIII. Adopted at the First International Congress for Motherhood Protection and Marriage Reform at Dresden, 30th September, 1911. Statute i .—The undermentioned Leagues, Societies, and Individuals have hereby founded a Federation in accordance with the following particulars, having the title, "International Federation for Motherhood Protection and Marriage Reform." They are "ordinary members" of the Federation. Statute 2.—Ordinary members may consist of National Associations; National Committees, consisting of at least five persons; Societies; Individuals. National Committees can only be accepted from countries in which a National Association has not been formed. Membership will be granted on application to the President, and on acceptance by the Executive. In case of refusal, appeal is permissible to the Council. Statute 3.—Competent persons can join the Federation as Associate Members on application to the President, and on undertaking to pay a yearly subscription. Statute 4.—The autonomy of the self-constituted Leagues, and their independence in all their own organisation and otherwise, especially in all matters relating to their national activities, remains wholly unaffected by adhesion to the Federation. Statute. 5.—The objects of the Federation are :—(a) The improvement of the position of women as mothers in legal, economic, and social directions, (b) To protect unmarried mothers and their children against economic and moral dangers, and to get rid of the most serious prejudices against them, (c) To build up a healthier tone and reform sexual ideas and relations. For the prosecution of these aims the Federation asks for (d) the teaching of sexual matters in schools; (e) State insurance of Motherhood; (f) legal and social equality of illegitimate with legitimate children; (g) marriage reform in the economic, moral, and legal domains. Statute 6.—As a necessary means to the attainment of these aims in different countries the Federation indicates (a) the formation of National Committees and National Societies for Motherhood Protection and Marriage Reform; (b) regular International Conferences; (c) formation of an International Bureau for the collection of the material sent in and distribution of the propositions received from the Executive. Statute 7.—Each National Society has the right to send ten delegates to the Congress of the Federation. National Committees and Leagues may send five delegates. Societies whose membership exceeds 1,000 have the right of sending one further delegate for each 200 further members up to a maximum of twenty delegates. From the countries which have neither Committees nor Society three voting members may be nominated by the Executive; each of these three members may give his vote only personally. Statute 8.—The communication between the constituted organisations will take place by means of a Council, which meets regularly and for special purposes, for oral discussion. In this Council each National Association, as well as each Committee, may send one representative. Associations having more than 500 members may send an additional representative for each further 500 members. Statute 9.—The delegate assembly directed that a country should be appointed as headquarters, and that an Executive should be elected, comprisng nine persons, of whom five must be inhabitants of that country. The first President will be chosen by special election. The remaining officers will be selected by the Executive from among themselves. In case of resignation of a member the Executive has power to co-opt. The Executive represents the Federation externally, and conducts the ordinary business. It directs the policy of the Federation, and arranges the meetings of the Council and Congresses, and decides their agenda and business. The residence of the President shall be the seat of the Federation. Statute 10.—Periodically—about every four years—an "International Congress for Motherhood Protection and Marriage Reform" shall be arranged, at the decision of the Executive, for the furtherance of the International movement, and for strengthening the efforts of the National Associations. With every Congress an ordinary delegate assembly shall be arranged. The delegate assembly will arrange (a) the Business Report, (b) the Financial Report, (c) the election of the Executive. Statute 11.—The ordinary members shall have voting power at the delegate assembly up to the number of delegates. Proxy representation, on the basis of written authority, is unrestrictedly permissible. Statute 12.—The ordinary members pledge themselves in return (a) to communicate their rules and similar arrangements, as well as their periodical publications, annual reports, etc., to the President (in sufficient numbers for distribution to all ordinary members) as soon as possible after publication; (b) similarly to communicate annual reports upon the position of the movement and closely connected efforts in their country, upon their organisations and necessary regulations, etc.; (c) in cases of urgent necessity, and where such cases satisfy the condition laid down by the Society, ordinary members shall afford help and support to necessitous mothers and children; (d) to send delegates to the principal meetings of l the National Association as well as the Congress of the Federation as far as possible. Statute 13.—Associations contribute an annual subscription of £2 10s.; Leagues and Committees, £1. Associations and Leagues also contribute 1d. for each member. Statute 14.—The associate members and individual members have the right of taking part in the delegate assemblies and Congresses to which they are invited and of expressing themselves personally. They contribute a yearly subscription, according to their means. Individual members contribute not less than 5s. Statute 15.—In so far as the subscriptions (Statutes 13 and 14) and voluntary contributions are insufficient to cover the necessary working expenses, the delegate assembly will endeavour to obtain more support from the ordinary members. The Executive of the International Federation for Motherhood Protection and Marriage Reform: — Justizrat Dr. Max Rosenthal, Breslau (President); Dr. Iwan Bloch, Berlin; Dr. Eduard David, Berlin; Maria Lischnewska, Berlin; Dr. Hélène Stocker, Berlin; Frau Cohentervaert-Israels, The Hague (Holland); Dr. Hugo Klein, Vienna; Frau Paolina Schiff, Milan; Frau Frida Steenhoff, Oskarshamn (Sweden). @® ® MARRIED TEACHERS IN HOLLAND. (From a Correspondent.) Holland. "On October 18th the Municipal Council of Amsterdam passed a vote, by 25 to 16, permitting women teachers to retain their appointments after marriage. A month earlier the Municipal Council of Schiedam dismissed a woman teacher on account of marriage, and that is what most Town Councils in Holland do, clerical and anticlerical Conservatism uniting in this effort to protect marital authority; but in Amsterdam there are many Socialists in the Town Council. Meanwhile the Minister of the Interior has proposed a Bill prohibiting marriage for all women in State employment, which will apply to teachers as well as to women employees in post and telegraph offices, etc. A great agitation was started by the women against this attack on personal liberty; and, strange to say, this issue seems to divide the otherwise united political groups. Some religious people are taking their stand with the women and against the Government measure. For this reason the Minister seems in no hurry to urge his Bill; but there is no saying what may happen when the harvest of laws brought upon the Statute Book by the present Cabinet looks rather small in the year of the new elections—1913. The women and their rights are at the mercy of law-givers who are not responsible to them." B. DRYSDALE. 80 THE FREEWOMAN December 14, 1911 SWIFT'S XMAS BOOKS THAT COMPEL " The motto adopted by Stephen Swift and Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do 'compel,' and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish—unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."—Academy. Lonely England By MAUDE GOLDRING Three Colour Illustrations and Pen and Ink Sketches by Agnes Pike. Crown 8vo. Cloth, Gilt Top, 5s. net. "A book that will appeal to all who love the country or who take an interest in the people who dwell on the land."—Pall Mall Gazette. " Her work is always sincere, always interesting, and not without great beauty."—World. " Charming."—Times. " Restful and engaging."—Scotsman. "A very charming volume of essays."—Morning Leader. A Magnificent Gift. cartoons The Second Childhood of John Bull. BY MAX BEERBOHM Facsimile Reproductions in Colour. Dbl. Crn. Folio. Cloth, 21s. net. Poems By CHARLES GRANVILLE Tastefully bound in Quarter Art Canvas, Gilt Top. Fcap. 4to, 5s. net. " The work is always exalted in feeling and gravely artistic in expression. ' '—Scotsman. " Entirely free from the clichés into which the author could so easily have fallen in dealing with such a theme; they indicate originality of expression as well as of thought, a determination to find exactly the right word, the right phrase.. .. Our modern literature will be all the poorer if he does not favour us with some more lyrics." —Daily Telegraph. "A Pleasant Book."—The Times SOME NEIGHBOURS Stories, Sketches and Studies. By CHARLES GRANVILLE The Best Present for Boys BRITISH BATTLES SECOND EDITION Crown 8vo. Cloth, 6S. "A pleasant book... prettily conceived and told."—Times. "The stories are always interesting, both as studies of odd aspects of humanity and for the curious modern reticence of their art."—Scotsman. Some Neighbours ' deserves the highest commendation." —Clement K. Shorter in the Sphere. "Surely FRANCIS GRIERSON is a genius. As an essayist he HAS No\ EQUAL among presentday writers."—Smart Set. Tberefore you should give your THE HUMOUR OF THE UNDERMAN THE ROLL OF THE SEASONS Nature Essays. By G. G. DESMOND Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, with Frontispiece, 3s. 6d. net. THE VALLEY OF SHADOWS D.-my 8vo, Gilt Top, 6s. net. LA VIE ET LES HOMMES Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, with Frontispiece, 3s. 6d. net. THE CELTIC TEMPERAMENT PARISIAN PORTRAITS MODERN MYSTICISM Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, 2s. 6d. net each. There is in his work not only insight, intellect, and culture, but Intuition and an extraordinary quality of expression The finest example of modern English.' Smart Set. No. 2 MALPLAQUET Fcap. 8vo. Cloth, 1s. net; leather, 2s. 6d. net. PRINCE AZREEL A Poem with Prose Notes. By ARTHUR LYNCH, m.a., m.p. Crown 8vo. Cloth, Gilt Top, 5s. net. LOVE IN MANITOBA Crown 8vo. Cloth, GiU Top, 6s. net. SOME ASPECTS OF THACKERAY By LEWIS MELVILLE Demy 8vo. 12s.6d.net. Fully Illustrated. As a literary study, the book incites interest, and commands attention as a further revelation of a brilliant and many-sided literary genius. By E. A. WHARTON GILL Crown 8vo. Cloth, 6s. A delightful and simple tale of life in Western Canada. MORE PEERS By HILAIRE BELLOC Pictures by B. T. B. 2s. 6d. net. "A laugh in every line."—Daily Express. " By all means study the life-history of various peers as recorded in those brief verses,"—Times. Send a Postcard for " BOOKS THAT COMPEL" post free from STEPHEN SWIFT ô CO., LTD. 10 John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C. and Published weekly far the Proprietors at the Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi; London. W.C. Series of Books consisting of a number of Monographs upon Actions in which British Troops have taken part. Each Battle will be the subject of a separate Book, Illustrated with Coloured and Line Maps.