The Seven Arts 1.2 (1916-12) , made The SEVEN ARTS YOUNG AMERICA By Van Wyck Brooks DECEMBER, 1916 Scribner Fall Publications Poems, by Alan Seeger Alan Seeger's Poems People have been for a long time asking, "Why are none of Alan Seeger's poems published in book form?" and that especially since the appearance in magazines of some of those he wrote in the trenches with the Foreign Legion: "Champagne, 1915" and "I Have a Rendezvous with Death," for instance. It was due largely to a certain reticence he had; but he had collected the earlier ones in a manuscript which he left in Bruges at a printer's when the German invasion swept over Belgium. He went to enlist for France, and this volume, now published so soon after his death in the Somme drive, contains those as well as the ones inspired by the war. They form an extraordinary expression of a man of poetic feeling and power.   $1.25 net. A Sheaf, by John Galsworthy This collection, which Mr. Galsworthy describes as "wild oats of a novelist," gives his opinions in several fields where they have already excited peculiar interest. There are papers "On the Treatment of Animals," "Concerning Laws," "On Prisons and Punishment," "On the Position of Women," "On Social Unrest," and "On Peace." In the section devoted to the war are papers called "First Thoughts" and "Second Thoughts," "The Hope of Lasting Peace," "Literature and the War," "Diagnosis of the Englishman."   $1.50 net. "Wild oats of a novelist" The Passing of The Great Race, by Madison Grant With a Foreword by Henry Fairfield Osborn. This is an original recasting of history on a purely scientific basis. The chain of historical events in it is explained by the theory of racial influence primarily, not national influence. It takes its suggestion from Weissman's theory of the permanence of physical characters and has a very strong contemporary bearing in that it gives new significance to the "Melting Pot" of America and to the effects upon race preponderance caused by the European war. With maps.  $2.00 net. Will the brunette race eliminate the blond? The Cycle's Rim: Sonnets to One Drowned at Sea, by Olive Tilford Dargan Author of "The Pathflower and Other Verses," etc. "This poetry is exquisite—rich in thought, subtle in music, fresh in diction, amazing in the skill with which it follows feeling far out toward the inexpressible.. .. The situation depicted, too, is sufficiently typical to awaken sympathy, sufficiently individual to give the sense of reticent veracity.. .. In short, the whole collection is of unique excellence in American poetry, perhaps I might say in modern poetry; for, in no imitative way, it harks back to 1609."—Prof. G. H. Palmer, of Harvard.   $1.00 net. "A collection of unique eloquence," says Prof. Palmer CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK For Christmas NOT so long ago it was the custom Christmas morning to load the sleigh with gifts and make a circuit of the countryside, singing carols before the houses of friends. Such a way is impossible now; and the best we can do is to send a gift that shall bring the sense of fellowship and good-will. One of the best gifts is a year's subscription to a magazine; for that means that every month until the Christmas of the following year your friend will receive something from you. Why not send your friends a subscription to '"The Seven Arts"? It will be like sending them a cargo of new books —for in a twelvemonth "The Seven Arts" will contain what amounts to An Anthology of the Best Poetry in America. A Volume of Unusual Short Stories. A Volume of Exceptional Short Plays. A Book of Essays. A Book of remarkable Criticism on American Life and Art. Send for our Xmas Cards—any number you can use; make them out to your friends, signing your name ; return them to us, with remittance, and the Card with the magazine will reach them for Christmas. The Seven Arts 132 Madison Ave., New York. Please send me Xmas Cards. Name........................... Address POETRY—DRAMA—ART MICHELANGELO, a study of his life and work By Romain Rolland Mus.   $2.50 net An extraordinary and illuminating critical and biographical study, a masterpiece of modern criticism. DANTE By C. H. Grandgent, Professor of Romance Languages, Harvard University. $1.50 net A study of Dante as the mouthpiece of a great period. The first volume in the Series of Masterspirits of Literature. PLAYS FOR SMALL STAGES By Mary Aldis Mus.  $1.25 net Five one act plays of life to-day of extraordinary power. THE PINE TREE By Takeda Izumo Mus.   $1.25 net The first translation of the great classic drama of Japan with an essay on the Japanese Theatre. DUFFIELD 211 WEST 33-ST SONGS OF THE FIELDS By Francis Ledwidge $1.25 net "It is a delight, the work of a man who in addition to being a maker of lovely phrases, is that much rarer thing—a poet."—Neav York Times. FLASHLIGHTS By Mary Aldis $125 net A very striking contribution to the poetic renaissance of today. LONDON, ONE NOVEMBER By Helen Mackay $125 net An immensely interesting volume of verse in the newest and most modern of forms. THE ENJOYMENT OF ARCHITECTURE By Talbot F. Hamlin Illus.   $2.00 net Why modern architecture is good or bad and how we may understand and enjoy it. COMPANY NEW YORK WAR AND LAUGHTER SONGS FOR THE NEW AGE "Songs for the New Age" was called "a mile-stone in our poetic progress" by the Boston Transcript and has taken its place as part of the impetus of modern American forces. "War and Laughter" is a broadening of the same sheaf, a work of "larger scope and vision," more "mellow, joyful, free" —to quote two different opinions—which is part of the same impulse. Both these books stand together and should be read together. They are by James Oppenheim War and Laughter, $1.25 Songs for the New Age, $1.20 THE CENTURY CO.,    353 Fourth Ave.,    NEW YORK THE SEVEN ARTS DECEMBER, 1916. PAGE "Queer"...........sherwood Anderson 97 Supers...........Frederick booth 109 The Empty Theater........ J. d. beresford 115 The Headland........Arthur davison ficke 123 A Side Street.........louis untermeyer 130 Prelude........... clement wood 132 The Greater Sea......... kahlil gibran 133 Voices...........hortense flexner 135 Young America.........van wyck brooks 144 Editorials. ........ 152 Concerning a Little Theater...... waldo frank 157 Beyond the Screen........kenneth macgowan 165 Aesthetic Form......willard Huntington wright 171 The Masqueraders........ peter minuit 179 Mothers of Daughters   ....... edna kenton 185 The Strong Young Modern......james Oppenheim 193 Cover Design by Rollo Peters Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first. All subscriptions filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its selling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author's risk, with return postage. Second Clasi Entry in the New York Post Office, and the Post Office at Ottawa, Canada, applied for. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave., N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President A J. Leverton, Business Manager E. M. Meek, Secretary-Treasurer Gifts from Henry Holt and Company's List Complete list on request to 34 W. 33d St., New York For anyone interested in the nezv poets Robert Frost's New Book MOUNTAIN INTERVAL By the author of "North of Boston."   Just ready, $1.25 net. For anyone interested in War Relief Work Å. H. Hunt's WAR BREAD Mr. Hunts personal narrative of War and Relief Work in Belgium. The first authoritative book on Belgium Relief Work. An absorbing, human, true story. Profusely illustrated, $2.00 net. A really suggestive book on self-suggestion Sarah N. Gleghorn and Dorothy Canfield Fisher's FELLOW CAPTAINS Some home-grown secrets of serenity by the authors of, respectively, "The Spinster" and "The Bent Twig"  $1.25 net. Novels for the discriminating Grace King's Novel of New Orleans The Pleasant Ways of St. Medard "Simply a slice out of life." — Providence Journal. 3rd printing. $1.40 net. Coningsby Dawson's SLAVES OF FREEDOM By the author of "The Garden Without Walls," etc.   $1.40 net. "Full of vitality and emotional appeal.    Goes beyond anything Mr. Dawson has hitherto done."—Boston Transcript. Dorothy Canfield's THE BENT TWIG 10th large printing, $1.35 net. "Among the best fiction of this or any season."—Í. Y. Times. "Queer" By Sherwood Anderson FROM his seat on a box in the rough board shed that stuck like a burr on the rear of Cowley and Son's store in Winesburg, Ohio, Elmer Cowley, the junior member of the firm, could see through a dirty window into the print-shop of the Winesburg Eagle. Elmer was putting new shoelaces in his shoes. They did not go in readily and he had to take the shoes off. With the shoes in his hand he sat looking at a large hole in the heel of one of his stockings. Then looking quickly up he saw George Willard, the only newspaper reporter in Winesburg, standing at the back door of the Eagle printshop and staring absent-mindedly about. "Well! Well! what next!" exclaimed the young man with the shoes in his hand jumping to his feet and creeping away from the window. A flush crept into Elmer Cowley's face and his hands began to tremble. In Cowley and Son's store a Jewish traveling salesman stood by the counter talking to his father. He imagined the reporter could hear what was being said and the thought made him furious. With one of the shoes still held in his hand he stood in a corner of the shed and stamped with a stockinged foot upon the board floor. "I'll show him, I'll show that fellow yet," he muttered. Cowley and Son's store did not face the main street of Winesburg. The front was on Maumee Street and beyond it was Voight's Wagon Shop and a shed for the sheltering of farmers' horses.   Beside the store an alleyway ran behind the [97] "Queer" main street stores and all day drays and delivery wagons, intent on bringing in and taking out goods, passed up and down. The store itself was indescribable. Will Henderson, publisher of the Eagle, said of it that it sold everything and nothing. In the window facing Maumee Street stood a chunk of coal, as large as an apple barrel, to indicate that orders for coal were taken and beside the black mass of the coal stood three combs of honey grown brown and dirty in their wooden frames. The honey had stood in the store window six months. It was for sale as were also the coat hangers, patent suspender buttons, cans of roof paint, bottles of rheumatism cure and a substitute for coffee that companioned the honey in its patient willingness to serve the public. Ebenezer Cowley, the man who stood in the store listening to the eager patter of words that feel from the lips of the traveling man, was tall and lean and looked unwashed. On his scrawny neck was a large wen partially covered by a grey beard. He wore a long Prince Albert coat. The coat had been purchased to serve as a wedding garment. Before he became a merchant Ebenezer was a farmer and after his marriage he wore the Prince Albert coat to church on Sundays and on Saturday afternoons when he came into town to trade. When he sold the farm to become a merchant he wore the coat constantly. It had become brown with age and was covered with grease spots but in it Ebenezer always felt dressed up and ready for the day in town. As a merchant Ebenezer was not happily placed in life and he had not been happily placed as a farmer. Still he existed. His family, consisting of a daughter named Mabel and the son, lived with him in rooms above the store and it did not cost them much to live. His troubles were not financial. His unhappiness, as a merchant, lay in the fact that when a traveling man with wares to be sold came in at the front door he [98] Sherwood Anderson was afraid. Behind the counter he stood shaking his head. He was afraid; first that he would stubbornly refuse to buy and thus lose the opportunity to sell again; second that he would not be stubborn enough and would in a moment of weakness buy what could not be sold. In the store on the morning when Elmer Cowley saw George Willard standing and apparently listening at the back door of the Eagle printshop a situation had arisen that always stirred the son's wrath. The traveling man talked and Ebenezer listened his whole figure expressing uncertainty. "You see how quickly it is done," said the traveling man who had for sale a small flat metal substitute for collar buttons. With one hand he quickly unfastened a collar from his shirt and then fastened it on again. He assumed a flattering wheedling tone. "I tell you what, men have come to the end of all this fooling with collar buttons and you are the man to make money out of the change that is coming. I am offering you the exclusive agency for this town. Take twenty dozen of these fasteners and I'll not visit any other store. I will leave the field to you." The traveling man leaned over the counter and tapped with his finger on Ebenezer's breast. "It is an opportunity and I want you to take it," he urged. "A friend of mine told me about you. 'See that man Cowley,' he said. 'He's a live one.'" The traveling man paused and waited. Taking a book from his pocket, he began writing out the order. Still holding the shoe in his hand Elmer Cowley went through the store past the two absorbed men to a glass show case near the front door. He took a cheap revolver from the case and began to wave it about. "You get out of here!" he shrieked. "We don't want any collar fasteners here." An idea came to him. "Mind I'm not making any threat," he added. "I don't say I'll shoot.   Maybe I just took this gun out of the [99] "Queer" case to look at it. But you better get out. Yes, sir, I'll say that. You better grab up your things and get out." The young storekeeper's voice rose to a scream and, going behind the counter, he began to advance upon the two men. "We are through being fools here !" he cried. "We ain't going to buy any more stuff until we begin to sell. We ain't going to keep on being queer and have folks staring and listening. You get out of here!" The traveling man left. Raking the samples of collar fasteners off the counter into a black leather bag, he ran. He was a small man and very bow-legged, and he ran awkwardly. The black bag caught against the door and he stumbled and fell. "Crazy, that's what he is—crazy!" he sputtered as he arose from the sidewalk and hurried away. In the store Elmer Cowley and his father stared at each other. Now that the immediate object of his wrath had fled, the younger man was embarrassed. "Well I meant it. I think we've been queer long enough," he declared, going to the showcase and replacing the revolver. Sitting on a barrel, he pulled on and fastened the shoe he had been holding in his hand. He was waiting for some word of understanding from his father, but when Ebenezer spoke his words only served to reawaken the wrath in the son and the young man ran out of the store without replying. Scratching his grey beard with long dirty fingers, the merchant looked at his son with the same wavering uncertain stare with which he had confronted the traveling man. "I'll be starched!" he said softly. "Well! Well! I'll be washed and ironed and starched!" Elmer Cowley went out of Winesburg and along a country road that paralleled the railroad track. He did not know where he was going or what he was going to do. In the shelter of a deep cut, where the road, after turning sharply to the right dipped under the track, he stopped and the passion that had been the cause of his outburst in the store began again to [100] Sherwood Anderson find expression. "I will not be queer—one to be looked at and listened to," he declared aloud. "I'll be like other people. I'll show that George Willard. He'll find out. I'll show him!" The distraught young man stood in the middle of the road and glared back at the town. He did not know the reporter George Willard and had no special feeling concerning the tall boy who ran about town gathering the town news. The reporter had merely come, by his presence in the office and in the printshop of the Winesburg Eagle, to stand for something in the young merchant's mind. He thought the boy who passed and repassed Cowley and Son's store and who stopped to talk to people in the street must be thinking of him and perhaps laughing at him. George Willard he felt belonged to the town, typified the town, represented in his person the spirit of the town. Elmer Cowley could not have believed that George Willard had also his days of unhappiness, that vague hungers and secret unnameable desires visited also his mind. Did he not represent public opinion and had not the public opinion of Winesburg condemned the Cowleys to queerness? Did not he walk whistling and laughing through Main Street? Might not one by striking his person strike also the greater enemy—the thing that smiled and went its own way—the judgment of Winesburg? Elmer Cowley was extraordinarily tall and his arms were long and powerful. His hair, his eyebrows and the downy beard that had begun to grow upon his chin were pale almost to whiteness. His teeth protruded from between his lips and his eyes were blue with the colorless blueness of the marbles called "aggies" that the boys of Winesburg carried in their pockets. Elmer had lived in Winesburg for a year and had made no friends. He was, he felt, one condemned to go through life without friends, and he hated the thought. Sullenly the tall young man tramped along the road with [101] "Queer" his hands stuffed into his trouser pockets. The day was cold with a raw wind but presently the sun began to shine and the road became soft and muddy. The tops of the ridges of frozen mud that formed the road began to melt and the mud clung to Elmer's shoes. His feet became cold. When he had gone several miles he turned off the road, crossed a field and entered a woods. In the woods he gathered sticks to build a fire by which he sat trying to warm himself, miserable in body and in mind. For two hours he sat on the log by the fire and then arising and creeping cautiously through a mass of underbrush he went to a fence and looked across fields to a small farmhouse surrounded by low sheds. A smile came to his lips and he began making motions with his long arms to a man who was husking corn in one of the fields. In his hour of misery the young merchant had returned to the farm where he had lived through boyhood and where there was another human being to whom he felt he could explain himself. The man on the farm was a half-witted old fellow named Mook. He had once been employed by Ebenezer Cowley and had stayed on the farm when it was sold. The old man lived in one of the unpainted sheds back of the farmhouse and puttered about all day in the fields. Mook the half-wit lived happily. With childlike faith he believed in the intelligence of the animals that lived in the sheds with him and when he was lonely held long conversations, with the cows, the pigs and even with the chickens that ran about in the barnyard. He it was who put the expression regarding being "laundered" into the mouth of his former employer. When excited or surprised by anything he smiled vaguely and muttered: "I'll be washed and ironed! Well! Well!  I'll be washed and ironed and starched!" When the half-witted old man left his husking of corn and came into the woods to meet Elmer Cowley he was neither [102] Sherwood Anderson surprised nor especially interested in the sudden appearance of the young man. His feet also were cold and he sat on the log by the fire, grateful for the warmth and apparently indifferent to what Elmer had to say. Elmer talked earnestly and with great freedom, walking up and down and waving his arms about. "You don't understand what is the matter with me so of course you don't care," he declared. "With me it is different. Look how it has always been with me. Father is queer and mother was queer too. Even the clothes mother used to wear were not like other people's clothes and look at that coat in which father goes about there in town, thinking he's dressed up too. Why doesn't he get a new one? It wouldn't cost much. I'll tell you why. Father doesn't know and when mother was alive she didn't know either. Mabel is different. She knows but she won't say anything. I will though. I'm not going to be stared at any longer. Why look here Mook, father doesn't know that his store there in town is just a queer jumble; that he will never sell the stuff he buys. He knows nothing about it. Sometimes he is a little worried that trade doesn't come and then he goes and buys something else. In the evenings he sits by the fire upstairs and says trade will come after a while. He isn't worried. He's queer. He doesn't know enough to be worried." The excited young man became more excited. "He doesn't know but / know," he shouted, stopping to gaze down into the dumb unresponsive face of the half-wit. "I know too well. I can't stand it. When we lived out here it was different. I worked and at night I went to bed and slept. I wasn't always seeing people and thinking as I am now. In the evening, there in town, I go to the postoffice or to the depot to see the train come in and no one says anything to me. Everyone stands around and laughs and they talk but they say nothing to me.   Then I feel so queer that I can't [103] Queer talk either.  I go away.  I don't say anything.  I can't." The fury of the young man became uncontrollable. "I won't stand it," he yelled looking up at the bare branches of the trees.  "I am not made to stand it." Maddened by the dull face of the man on the log by the fire, Elmer turned and glared at him as he had glared back along the road at the town of Winesburg. "Go on back to work," he screamed. "What good does it do me to talk to you?" A thought came to him and his voice dropped. "I am a coward too, eh?" he muttered. "Do you know why I came clear out here afoot? I had to tell some one and you were the only one I could tell. I hunted out another queer one you see. I ran away that's what I did. I couldn't stand up to some one like that George Willard. I had to come to you.  I ought to tell him and I will." Again his voice arose to a shout and his arms flew about. "I will tell him. I won't be queer. I don't care what they think.  I won't stand it." Elmer Cowley ran out of the woods leaving the half-wit sitting on the log before the fire. Presently the old man arose and climbing over the fence went back to his work in the corn. "I'll be washed and ironed and starched," he declared. "Well! Well! I'll be washed and ironed." Mook was interested. He went along a lane to a field where two cows stood nibbling at a straw stack. "Elmer was here," he said to the cows. "Elmer is crazy. You better get behind the stack where he don't see you. He will hurt someone yet, Elmer will." At eight o'clock that evening Elmer Cowley put his head in at the front door of the office of the Winesburg Eagle where George Willard sat writing. His cap was pulled down over his eyes and a sullen determined look was on his face. "You come on outside with me," he said, stepping in and closing the door.  He kept his hand on the knob as though prepared to 104 Sherwood Anderson resist anyone else coming in. "You just come along outside. I want to see you." George Willard and Elmer Cowley walked through the Main Street of Winesburg. The night was cold and George Willard had on a new overcoat and looked very spruce and dressed up. He thrust his hands into the overcoat pockets and looked inquiringly at his companion. He had long been wanting to make friends with the young merchant and find out what was in his mind. Now he thought he saw a chance and was delighted. "I wonder what he is up to? Perhaps he thinks he has a piece of news for the paper. It can't be a fire because I haven't heard the fire bell and there isn't anyone running," he thought. In the Main Street of Winesburg, on the cold November evening, but few citizens appeared and these hurried along bent on getting to the stove at the back of some store. The windows of the stores were frosted and the wind rattled the tin sign that hung over the entrance to the stairway leading to Doctor Welling's office. Before Hearn's Grocery a basket of apples and a rack filled with new brooms stood on the sidewalk. Elmer Cowley stopped and stood facing George Willard. He tried to talk and his arms began to pump up and down. His face worked spasmodically. He seemed about to shout. "Oh, you go on back," he cried. "Don't stay out here with me. I ain't got anything to tell you. I don't want to see you at all." For three hours the distracted young merchant wandered through the resident streets of Winesburg blind with anger brought on by his failure to declare his determination not to be queer. Bitterly the sense of defeat settled upon him and he wanted to weep. After the hours of futile sputtering at nothingness that had occupied the afternoon and his failure in the presence of the young reporter he thought he could see no hope of the future for himself. [105] "Queer" And then a new idea dawned for him. In the darkness that surrounded him he began to see a light. Going to the now darkened store where Cowley and Son had for over a year waited vainly for trade to come he crept stealthily in and pawed about in a barrel that stood by the stove at the rear. In the barrel beneath shavings lay a tin box containing Cowley and Son's cash. Every evening Ebenezer Cowley put the box in the barrel when he closed the store and went up stairs to bed. "They wouldn't never think of a careless place like that," he told himself, thinking of robbers. Elmer took twenty dollars, two ten dollar bills, from the little roll, containing perhaps four hundred dollars, the cash left from the sale of the farm. Then, replacing the box beneath the shavings he went quietly out at the front door and walked again in the streets. The idea that he thought might put an end to all of his unhappiness was very simple. "I will get out of here, run away from home." he told himself. He knew that a local freight train passed through Winesburg at midnight and went on to Cleveland where it arrived at dawn. He would steal a ride on the local and when he got to Cleveland would lose himself in the crowds there. He would get work in some shop and become friends with the other workmen. Gradually he would become like other men and would be indistinguishable. Then he could talk and laugh. He would no longer be queer and would make friends. Life would begin to have warmth and meaning for him as it had for others. The tall awkward young man, striding through the streets, laughed at himself because he had been angry and had been half afraid of George Willard. He decided he would have his talk with the young reporter before he left town, that he would tell him about things, perhaps challenge him, challenge all of Winesburg through him. Aglow with new confidence Elmer went to the office of the [éï6] Sherwood Anderson New Willard House and pounded upon the door. A sleepy-eyed boy slept on a cot in the office. He received no salary but was fed at the hotel table and bore with pride the title of "night clerk." Before the boy Elmer was bold, insistant. "You wake him up," he commanded. "You tell him to come down by the depot. I got to see him and I'm going away on the local. Tell him to dress and come on down. I ain't got much time." The midnight local had finished its work in Winesburg and the trainsmen were coupling cars, swinging lanterns and preparing to resume their flight east. George Willard, rubbing his eyes and again wearing the new overcoat, ran down to the station platform afire with curiosity. "Well here I am. What do you want? You've got something to tell me, eh?" he said. Elmer tried to explain. He wet his lips with his tongue and looked at the train that had begun to groan and get under way. Well, you see—" he began and then lost control of his tongue. "I'll be washed and ironed. I'll be washed and ironed and starched," he muttered half incoherently. Elmer Cowley danced with fury beside the groaning train in the darkness on the station platform. Lights leaped into the air and bobbed up and down before his eyes. Taking the two ten dollar bills from his pocket he thrust them into George Willard's hand. "Take them," he cried. "I don't want them. Give them to father. I stole them." With a snarl of rage he turned and his long arms began to flay the air. Like one struggling for release from hands that held him, he struck out, hitting George Willard blow after blow on the breast, the neck, the mouth. The young reporter rolled over on the platform half unconscious, stunned by the terrific force of the blows. Springing aboard the passing train and running over the tops of cars Elmer Cowley sprang down to a flat car and, lying on his face, looked back, trying to see the [107 "Queer" fallen man in the darkness. Pride surged up in him. "I showed him," he cried. "I guess I showed him. I ain't so queer.   I guess I showed him that." [108] Supers By Frederick Booth Wanted: Tall, good-looking men for the stage. Must be well dressed. Apply at stage door of-Theater at ten A. M. THERE is a certain amount of irony in the above, such as for instance, "Tall, good-looking"; "must be well-dressed"; and the man who appears in the side street in the vicinity of the stage door at about half-past nine in the morning knows this, for he wrote the advertisement himself. He is a thick man, with a red beard trimmed in the form of a blunt wedge, and cut away from around his mouth as a hedge is cut from a gate. He is a man with a cool green eye, immobile face, and distant manner. A man who walks slowly, is introspective, gloomy; who carries a big stick like Javert's cudgel and studies the pavement like a man of large affairs. He has the manner of a general waiting to review his army, which he expects to find decimated and run down at the heel. He wears a derby hat slightly broken at the crown, a little shiny on the edges; an overcoat with a collar somewhat frayed ; boots that are rather square-toed and vulgar. This combination of shabbiness and thoughtfulness lends him an appearance of sorrow—simple and primitive in the light of his red beard—as if he were telling himself and would like to tell the world : Here is a man of immense capabilities, fated to deal in small and absolutely rotten potatoes. In twos and threes some men begin to come in sight from the direction of Sixth and Seventh Avenues.  They sidle into [109] Supers the street that runs by the stage door; some of them cast at Red Beard a look of recognition and a half-nod, to which he is profoundly indifferent. Others fix their gaze upon the legend over the door as children stare at the entrance of a circus tent. Little by little the straggling and deliberate comers make a scattered crowd. The catchings of the advertisement agglomerate and blacken the middle of the street. They stand stock still. As a concourse of men they are, all in all, voiceless and apathetic; before the momentary flurry of some traffic in the street they are brushed aside as dry leaves. There is a shuffling of feet on the asphalt as of dry leaves hurried along by the wind. There seems to be an understanding among these men, as if this were not their first venture in such an enterprise. And there seems to be an understanding between them and the man with the cane: he appears, by the casual oblique glance, by the turned shoulder, to know them, where they came from, what he can do with them; and to feel the indifference of the dealer for his stock-in-trade. He wrote the ad. Here are the men. It is the same as ordering coal and seeing it dumped upon the sidewalk. The scattered crowd had become a mob, a quiet mob that pushes gently, elbows itself without offence, waits. Tall? Well-dressed? There are tall men, but their heads move in a sea of men that are short, men that are stooped. There may be well-dressed men, but they are hidden among men with shabby clothes. They are of all ages, but of the same condition. There may be seen gray heads, like patches of white wool in a flock of black sheep. From a distance this small mass of humanity, held in abeyance by a single purpose, appears to be wholly silent, its attention, if not its glance, controlled by the simple potency of the stage door; but coming closer one may hear sounds that [110 Frederick Booth are words gutturally spoken, and a desultory murmur that resolves itself into a dialogue of many parts. Is there any stratum of society that does not have its shop talk? In every one, its atoms, akin, are stretching back and forth those little tentacles of question and answer, of seeking to know, of seeking to tell, that hold them together. "Wher wus you last week?" "T' Newark wit' Mantell." "Any good?" "Nix. Rotten. One night y' play an' th' next y' don't an' f gotta ..." "How many do they want here?" "I dunno, it's a rotten bizness; not'ing in this bizness no more.  I'm goin't'.. ." "Hey, y' rummy, git offa my foot. Whaddaya t'ink I yam?" A sinister sort of meekness controls these men; holds men patient who are hard of face; docile who seem to be cut for any sort of business; pathetically anxious who seem to be cast for any rough hazard. These are the men who may be seen on park benches; at saloon corners; who accost passers in the name of charity; who carry restaurant signs; who may be seen every morning at newspaper offices eagerly scanning the want columns ; who carry a newspaper as if it were something precious ; who hurry along with a sidelong gait; whose shoes make a sliding noise on the pavement. These are men unshaven of face, pallid of complexion. Some of them wear overcoats turned up at the collar, sagging at the skirt with a rag-tag of frayed lining showing; bulging at the pocket with some unimaginable personal freight. Some of them wear no overcoats, some no vests, others no collars. Some, with short, shrunken trousers, show bare red ankles. There are trousers that have settled into fixed folds about the shoes as if they had not been doffed [111 Supers or pulled up for some nights. The feet point out at a loutish angle, or point in pigeonwise. There are flat feet, feet broken at the instep, spread out like a duck's—oozing damp, hideous and evidently filthy, stub-ended, low in the instep, too large. They shift, shuffle, and twist about like wounded and helpless members. The hands that go with them are red and dirty; they are rubbed against trousers impotently, for want of something better to do. These men stand with their necks habitually drawn into their collars, their shoulders hunched. They have an unhealthy color and they speak in voices coarsened by whiskey and by the weather. They crane at the door like beggars waiting for a handout. It is ten o'clock. Red Beard has forsaken the sidewalk and is standing on a box or something at the stage door, looking at the findings of his advertisement. He scowls heavily and appears to be disgusted with what he sees. The crowd edges closer. Those on the outside push those within. The crowd becomes a pack. Necks crane upward. A hoarse voice meant to be jocular wheezes : "Hey, bo, y' want me, don't y's? Ain't I t' cheese?" A laugh swells up, but dies instantly before the sardonic sneer under Red Beard's hedge. Someone says: "Huh, wot 'd'yu's t'ink you are, a primy donny star?" Red Beard's jaw moves and he is heard to mutter: "Gawd, what a rotten bunch!" A uniform pushing and shoving begins. A clownish, uncouth eagerness manifests itself and animates the crowd. It is as if they were scrambling for apples. The scuffling of feet sounds like an unrhythmic dance. On the outside gaunt, bent legs push to get in. On the inside, in the middle of the jam, scrawny necks stretch up, heads stare. A hoarse clacking murmur, resembling more than anything else the quacking of geese going to water, is evidence of a certain sort of talk going on within the confines of the crowd. [112] Frederick Booth It runs in a monotone and reveals no anger, no impatience, none of the mob frenzy that might be expected here. A futile eagerness ! Already the man on the box has begun to exercise his authority. He holds in his hand a card which he consults with knitted brows, and from which his glance shoots quickly, like an accusation, at the men. He points at one man in the thick of the press. "You there," he says, "you wop wit' t' dent in your nose, I want youse." As the lucky one shoves forward the crowd is forced apart as logs are pried apart by a canthook. "Youse guys stand back," bawls Red Beard. The stage door is opened by someone whose face shows through the dirty glass and the first super fights his way within. Red Beard's club-like finger is periodically brandished at the pack; his voice of brass names some candidate by any ill-favored mark he can see, and that one is cut out as a steer is cut out of the herd. It seems that some definite program is being followed: some planned chiaroscuro of the stage is being sketched in: broad shoulders and tall frames are at a premium, but shrunk figures, hairy faces and loutish manners are nailed by the Captain of this peculiar industry; old men with long beards have their innings. The crowd imperceptibly draws together at the edges as the middle is gutted and the ill-hued flowers of the flock are plucked. At last some at the outside begin to straggle from the press. They light cigarettes which hang like appendages from their lips; some of them whistle; some dance a tentative hop. Thus they make light of their bootless quest "for a job." Suddenly the man on the box waves his hand and says: "That's all; youse guys come back here tomorry morning,'' 113] Supers hops from his perch and disappears within the theater. The largest number of those who came are still on the street. Collectively they present the appearance of a dog licking his chops after some morsel snatched away. They gape at the door closed in their faces as if someone had gone inside with something that belonged to them. There is some hesitation, some loafing about, then a policeman bears down and waves his club. The black knot untangles itself, tailing out into a long string that drags its length in two directions, towards the two avenues, thins more, parts in the middle and disappears. No face shows more than passing disappointment—little has been lost. Some whistle, others call to each other, empty phrases are bandied about by tongues that have lost the gift of tongues. The scuffling of their feet more or less in unison sounds like a rope dragging. [114 The Empty Theater By J. D. Beresford LOOKS like dirty weather comin'," remarked my new  acquaintance.   He shielded his eyes with a stiff, histrionic gesture of his right hand, and stared out over the sea. I nodded carelessly. I was tired of him. It had amused me for a quarter of an hour to listen to his pretence of familiarity with the place. But I had seen through him before he spoke to me. The new brown brogues, the colors of his blazer, colors that were not reproduced on the band of his straw hat, the scarlet sunburn of his face with its pealing skin, these things among others marked him as the cockney clerk on his fortnight's holiday. And when he had come and had sat down beside me, his little attempt to assume the air of an habitué had amused me. I had encouraged him, pretended to believe the things that he had approached at first by innuendo. At my encouragement he had grown bolder, had hinted that he was a resident, that he had his own boat on the beach, he had talked of winter storms and shipwrecks, and of how the summer trippers were sometimes rather a nuisance. A worse actor I never saw; the very gesture with which he shaded his eyes had been obviously learnt in a London theater. And his ignorance of the technicalities necessary for the part he played, was colossal. The porpoises that had come earlier in the week, he referred to as "seals" and he had told me that they were "nearly always there in the winter."  He said they [115l The Empty Theater "got quite tame then, when there were no trippers." He threw in any word that he fancied would give an air of verisimilitude to his speech. "Smack" and "cutter" were introduced whenever possible, and even such innocent words as "shingle" and "breakwater." But his triumphant phrase was "dirty weather," no doubt he had learnt it from the boatmen. He condescended to explain it for the benefit of my inferential ignorance. "We call it 'dirty weather' down 'ere," he said, "what you mean by wet weather in London." I nodded again. I was quite bored with him, and ready to welcome the storm that had been slowly working up from the South. "Well, I think I'll be gettin' aboard afore it comes," he remarked after a pause. "We get it very 'eavy 'ere sometimes, even in the summer." I saw that he really intended to go,—I wondered if he were afraid that that blazer of his would not stand a wetting; already the chocolate stripe of it was showing a trifle rusty in places—and although he had wearied me, I bore him no ill-will; I meant to send him back happy to his lodgings. "You really think it's going to rain, then?" I said pleasantly. He cast one more glance at the horizon. "Certain," he told me, with the air of an expert. "We shall 'ave dirty weather afore noon." "Of course you get to know the signs of it, living here all the year round," I said. "We do," he acknowledged, looking plausibly weatherwise. "I shall stop here to see the beginning of it," I told him. "I am staying at the hotel, so I shall only have to cross the parade." "Take my advice, and don't stay out too long," he returned with an air of great wisdom. "No, I won't," I said, meekly. [116] J. D. Beresford He gave his flannel trousers a slight hitch as he swaggered up the parade... . I sat on, watching the play of light on the overwhelming masses of cumulus that pushed up so steadily to blot out the sun. An hour ago the summit of each curve had been white and silver. The clouds had lain then on the distant horizon, a little continent of snow mountains, soft and pretty, explorable land of fairy imagination. Then as the summits rose imperceptibly from the sea, the white of them had been touched with saffron and the hollows growing blacker showed deeps and abysses of immense vacancy. But saffron toned to copper as the enormous heights towered up towards the zenith, and below, the illusion of solid mountain was lost in a level darkness of slate-black cloud, that showed an unbroken background to the wisps of grey which here and there wonderfully floated across the gloom. And as I watched and saw the horizon drowned in the impending sky, the shadows came racing towards me across the sea, swift harbingers of the coming storm. I knew that behind that hurrying darkness would come a wall of rain like a white mist that would presently shut me in to a little world bounded by the foam of the breakers that monotonously roared up the shingle. Even the thoughtless crowd upon the beach was beginning to move. I heard the shrill call of nursemaids and mothers. The flickering panorama of life on the sands was steadying down to a definable purpose and movement. It seemed to me as if I had been shifted back into the depths of time and seen the unrelated play of individuals absorbed into the broad development of history. A sense of detachment grew upon me. I felt removed from the minutiae of existence, uplifted and magnificent. I [117] The Empty Theater believed that I was one with the storm and that I could see my own insignificant body still sitting foolishly on the parade, an atom of humanity barely distinguishable from the eager, excited people that bustled and clattered past, a dismayed rout flying to sanctuary. A voice at my side startled and jarred me. I became suddenly conscious of the crash of a wave upon the shingle, of sounds that had been miraculously arrested and that now broke out afresh. I realised also that my sight of the rout had been a vision of frozen attitudes; now I saw a crowd no longer, but moving individuals. I noticed a little troupe of singers hastily packing their simple properties. "I, too, was once an actor," the awakening voice had said. I shrugged my shoulders and looked down. I was not in the mood for another piece of bad acting so soon. My cockney friend had left me disinclined for further posturings. "One of the millions that make up the population of the world," the voice continued. I did not look up, but some strangeness in the sound of the voice held my attention, some indefinable clearness of utterance that overrode the sullen, reiterant attack of the sea upon the beach, the threat of the advancing squall, (I could see a sudden thread of breakers lighting the distance of the shadowed sea), the clatter of hurrying feet upon the parade, the excited cries and interested exchange of comment on the imminence of so remarkable a storm. A great drop of rain burst on the flags at my feet; another dark stain sprang out a foot away, and then another; I counted seven and the first had been absorbed into the heated stone and the flag had dried white and stainless before the seventh drop fell two seconds later. Every one was running. Two of the singers were staggering up the beach carrying their concertinaed harmonium. "But I acted on the stage as well as off," said the voice. [118] J. D. Beresford I turned up my coat collar and sat back. I was determined to see the assault of the storm—that first spatter of rain-drops had been no more than a broken, warning volley. I could see the coming of the host a mile away, yet, a solid wall that rushed to obliterate the world. I sat back and closed my eyes. "I was like all the others," the clear, thin voice went on, speaking, I judged, close to my ear. "I was all ambition to present a figment of myself. On the stage, I did not consider the part I played so much as what the audience thought of my acting of it. Off the stage, I hoped no one guessed that I acted the foolish little parts I played. I lived to create an illusion, a phantasm. "I was never honest even with myself. Late at night in my cheap lodging I would recall each foolish success of the day. I posed before the looking-glass. I wondered what my two worlds thought of me, the little world of my circle of acquaintances, the larger world of the public and the critics that saw me act my tiny parts. "For a time I was almost satisfied. When I received praise from my fellows I never paused to consider its insincerity, although I knew that I, myself, returned the formula of false compliment with never a thought of sincerity in my own heart. "But as my small successes became familiar, I longed for wider recognition. In my dreams before the looking-glass I heard the crowded theater tumultuous with applause, I saw a host of white faces and gesticulating hands, I felt the thrill of enormous success. It all seemed so possible to me, so en-chantingly possible and near. "And my chance came almost miraculously. The cards of fate fell into one of those rare combinations that most of us never see once in our little lives. I found myself promoted over an intermediate understudy and called upon to play the [119] The Empty Theater greatest of parts in a great theatre. "I did not lack confidence. If my heart beat quicker at rehearsals as I mouthed the wonderful words I was to speak, it was not with fear that I might misinterpret the thought of genius but with elation at the vision of myself the cynosure of all eyes. I thought only of the effect that I should produce—even as we all do throughout life." For a moment the voice ceased and I heard again the roar of my familiar world, and then the unknown speaker began again, in the same clear tone, without emphasis or any shade of enthusiasm. "The theater was packed from floor to ceiling, another consequence of the strange sequence of events that had lifted me to be the center of that night's performance. I heard the news as I walked proudly to my dressing-room, and took all the credit to myself. I was exalted. The limit of my consciousness was filled with transcending pride. I strutted and posed before my fellow-actors, so full, then, of congratulation and flattery. I condescended unutterably when I spoke to my dresser. "When I came on to the stage, it seemed to me that the whole world was cheering. I deigned once, prince as I was, to acknowledge their enthusiasm. "At first I nearly lost myself in my part. But within me I was aware of a little flickering light of consciousness that perpetually prompted me to judge the effect I was producing. And that light grew brighter and more steady until as I stood in the middle of the stage mechanically giving forth the majestic lines I had never understood, I found myself trying to observe individuals in the dimly seen audience. "And then the strange thing happened. "I had focussed the bald head of a big man who sat in the front row of the pit; a blot of more livid white against the bank of faces that rose behind it.   But even as I tried to fix [120] J. D. Beresford my eyes on that beacon it vanished, and left in its place a black void of emptiness. I shifted my gaze to the next face, and that, too, disappeared. I closed my eyes for an instant and then dropped my regard to the figures in the more clearly lighted stalls. But there also I could not fix a single face. Wherever I looked I saw an empty seat. And yet there was no movement of people rising and making their way out. I believed that the people were still there but that I could not see them. "Indeed, as I glanced in panic over the house, it seemed to me that I was playing to an empty theater. "I turned my back to that awful blank and faced the stage, but as it had been with the audience so it was with my fellow-actors. As I gazed at each of them he or she faded from my sight. "I found myself declaiming the lines. .. making mouths at the invisible event. "Abruptly I fell into silence, for darkness was coming upon me. One by one the lights went out until I was all alone in that great dark place; only in the middle of the stage one little candle flared and guttered in the draught. "I discovered then that I was naked. . The voice ceased and I opened my eyes, but I was instantly compelled to close them again, for at that moment the storm burst upon me. The rain battered my face, and the wind sprang upon me with a wild shout and pinned me to the seat. I crouched there, crushed and beaten. I dropped my head between my knees and gripped the seat with my hands. The rain pierced me, and sea and wind combined to one terrible shriek of fury so that I trembled in fear of the awful instruments of God. I trembled there eternally, shaken by every gust, shattered by every fresh assault of hail. I thought that it was impossible I could live until the storm abated. But gradually the horror lessened.   The rain drove less [121] The Empty Theater cruelly, the wind permitted me a little ease of movement. "It is passing," I said to myself, and even as I spoke it had almost passed. And presently I was able to look up, to wipe the water from my face, to open my eyes. There was no one on the seat beside me; the beach was empty.  I was alone in a deserted world. But on the horizon I saw below the darkness a faint band of yellow light. Within an hour the curtain of cloud would be lifted and the play begin again. [122] The Headland By Arthur Davison Ficke At the cliff's base he looked up, and there saw High on a headland, like a Venus risen Above the earth to front the eternal skies; And madness came upon him.. . For this land Was to him wholly alien; he had come Wandering hither as to the world's last edge In search of doubtful peace.   Here where the coast Jutted in cliffs and granite promontories Over the seas, and took the flooding waters Into the depths of labyrinthine caves And weeded estuaries, here he walked Day after day, a pilgrim whom no shrine Yet had sufficed.   But in the hardy bloom Of heather on these hilltops, and in the bleak Iron frugality of the huts that raised Their thatches here and there, and in the gleam Of rigor and resistance in the eyes Of the few peasants, he caught sometimes sense Of a strong bitterness that might save his soul. Today with knapsack and half-blunted staff He had once more set out along the shore, Traversing sometimes the wide sand of bays And sometimes scaling boulders where the crags [123] The Headland Had cast their wild detritus down to sea. "Down from the heights," he thought, "the great crags moulder In the assault of each indifferent year— Heights like the ones that once within my spirit Lifted their splendid precipice to confront All stars and seas—where now the incessant years Gnaw them to drifting sand. What now remains Is shamed by loftiness of these strong walls— Walls strong as yet, though even while I watch I know them mouldering seaward as do I. "So speaks this land to me,—this granite and iron,— Of tragic fortune; yet in its defeat Braced to resistance, nerved to high disaster And an eternal sternness.  Thus alone With stoic hardness must the hills confront Sky and the stars when all their flowers are gone Under the sea-wind. "Vanishing flower-world!. .. Men toil and fight, love and contrive and dream, And for a little while the mad illusion Holds them.  And then the beauty sickens away Beneath the irony of the mortal fate, Today's fate and tomorrow's. Till in the end They must go down to the edge of the waste sea And walk alone as I now walk alone.. ." Then at the cliff's base, suddenly looking up He saw upon the headland high above him A woman's form.  Her clear and upturned head Fronted the ocean-plain; her streaming hair Tossed in the sea-wind; in one drooping hand [124] Arthur Davison Ficke Some snowy garment fluttered as she stood Naked, sublime, exultant in the sun, Drinking the lonely spaces. To her feet Rose up the tawny bastion of the rock, Scarred as by fires of ancient conflagration, Higher than any sea-gull's questing flight Above the low shore-levels ; and beyond her Trembled the deep blue of the summer sky. And he at this mirage stood staring up Incredulous. Then as her beauty mixed With the sky's beauty and the rocks' and sea's Within his heart, a swift tumultuous sense Of joyfulness swept through him; he remembered Suddenly songs that he had long forgotten, And youthful dreams in moonlight-haunted fields, And vague unrests that once had mastered him In Autumn dusks.  Out of these buried deeps Now to the light stormed phantoms long-imprisoned By bitter walls,—a flash of the world's beauty And a wild cry for happiness. There she stood, Image of joy, a shout and a revelation. Glory!  Glory!  Glory! Youth and the sun, Life in its royal hour, there lifted up Their pinnacle toward the sky; doubting and dust Fell from him, as the triumphant leap of Summer Here touched fulfillment. Well he knew that she Also, like the great cliffs, would crumble down Slowly to formless clay: her proud young splendor Would someday too yield to the lapping waves Of time around her feet.  But for this hour She faced the sun, lordliest being of earth, [125] The Headland White and all-conquering.   And her call rang out Across the waves like the note of a silver trumpet Fierce in his ears.  He lifted his head in pride, Once more awakened to the stirring charge Of desperate living,—once more marching forth In the human army to assault the dark Of chaos with its banner of dreams and beauty And limitless desire. Then from its shadows His spirit toward the sun-lands sent its cry,— "There is a wonder, still, keen in the world— There is a splendor still :—and on that height I shall achieve it.  There, with the wind and sea Sending their mighty pulses up to us, We shall know each other like gods meeting on peaks Of some lost star,—know the appointed hour Toward which our lives have groped,—and be at last Victorious and transfigured. Where the abyss Yawns down to death, there shall we meet and clasp In one wild moment of ecstasy,—rush together Like grappling planets in the void, and be For one hour, bloom of the world,—for one hour, crown Of the dim years of failure." And thereafter, As though he were lifted by the winds of the sea Or the winds of his own spirit, he sprang up Toward the great cliff's base, and with quivering steps Clambered from rock to rock.  The iron front Of the sheer wall obeyed him, as his dream Drove him upward and upward. Dizzily below Grew the long space; but never looking back He set his passion toward the brow of the cliff. [126] Arthur Davison Ficke The sharp-edged granite gnawed his clawing fingers ; And as his feet slipped, he more fiercely clung And climbed and strove on irresistibly. His heart beat riotously; his soul with song Seemed shouting out its triumph, lost and shaken With winds of heroic battle,—mad and crying Its flaming hymn of gratitude to have found A wonder worth its passion of desire. And slowly came the cliff's edge into view High over him; then nearer; then he paused, And with the deep breath of a swimmer plunging Through a vast wave, he slowly raised himself Up the last height,—and there, across the edge Of the brink, grew into sight the woman he sought. Unconscious on the windy brink she stood, Her head poised motionless, fronting up and out Over the winds and waters.  Her loosed hair Would have been dark in cities, but here burned Into a flame of deep dull-surfaced gold Like dagger-handles from Etruscan tombs Or smoldering poppies.  A wide generous light Across her brows swept,—light that grandly spreads Down lands of gradual valleys where the corn And wine of the rich year ripen in silence. Her eyes looked out wonderfully over-sea, Quiet, emptied of meaning, now made one With the vastness that they gazed on; and her lips Stirred not but waited, parting as though a smile Of mighty gladness sometime there should come. Then he, a little rising, step by step, Beheld her throat, columned in slender strength, [127] The Headland Blend with the powerful benignant shoulders Of ancient statues, and the generous arms Fitted for work of days or for the shelter Of man's exhausted sleep.   And from her throat Slowly sloped the forward-swelling arc In a proud dominance, smoothly, tranquilly, Until its even mastery changed and broke Into less perfect rondure,—and reluctant Trembled into new drooping curves of song. And the long lines in echoing course swept downward To meet the passionate strong springing contours Of the carved thighs, that might have frozen to marble Save for the quivering light that played across them. And over the quiet valleys of her body The living shadow slept as hurricanes sleep. He poised in dreaming madness.. . Then she turned Slowly, unconsciously—till her sudden eyes Flashed into knowledge—and a wild terror Flickered like lightning on her face: she cowered And clutched her arms to her body, dumb and panting,— Shrank,—faced  him,—turned,—and shrank,—and faced him again. And he, poising upon that perilous edge, Drunk with the dream of an immortal beauty And a brief splendor of deathless joy, cried out— "I too have heard the wind-call ; I too am here, Beautiful lover!  We on the heights of the world Meet, that the earth may blossom! this is the hour!" And the bewildered fear grew in her face From which the timeless womanhood had fallen [128] Arthur Davison Ficke Leaving her but a girl,—young, desperate, lost In lonely agony. The triumphant head Seemed drooping down now to the shaken breast— The tremulous body paled ; the light went out That had filled her eyes.   And he cried—"Beautiful one! Laugh!  It has come." She sank to the brown rock And with a last look of deserted terror And dim uncomprehending shame and cold And weakness, hid her face in her quivering hands. He saw the light go out,—saw the proud form Crumble into a sobbing heap,—aware That the sky darkened suddenly and the glow Of the golden sun was vanished from the world. Then his numbed fingers on the granite boulders Slipped with a dull reluctance; and as they slipped His heaven-soaring mind evoked once more The wild and windy vision of the white woman Against the fathomless blue of the blue sky,— The light, the dream, the earth's transfiguration,— As his frail body dashed from rock to rock. [129] A Side Street By Louis Untermeyer On the warm Sunday afternoons And every evening in the Spring and Summer When the night hurries the late home-comer And the air grows softer, and scraps of tunes Float from the open windows and jar Against the voices of children and the hum of a car; When the city noises commingle and melt With a restless something half-seen, half-felt— I see them always there, Upon the low, smooth wall before the church; That row of little girls who sit and stare Like sparrows on a granite perch. They come in twittering couples or walk alone To their gray bough of stone, Sometimes by twos and threes, sometimes as many as five— But always they sit there on the narrow coping Bright-eyed and solemn, scarcely hoping To see more than what is merely moving and alive.. .. They hear the couples pass; the lisp of happy feet Increases and the night grows suddenly sweet... . Before the quiet church that smells of death They sit. And Life sweeps past them with a rushing breath And reaches out and plucks them by the hand And calls them boldly, whispering to each [130] Louis Untermeyer In some strange speech They tremble to but cannot understand. It thrills and troubles them, as one by one, The days run off like water through a sieve; While, with a gaze as candid as the sun, Poignant and puzzled and inquisitive, They come and sit,— A part of life and yet apart from it. [131] Prelude By Clement Wood Now night edges close around us, Pouring his flood of black silence Out of the star-dotted jar of heaven. With gay "Good-Nights" the friends depart, And all the bars that hold us one from the other Dissolve and vanish. À lie, wide-eyed, on the couch, While I hear you moving around in the next room for a few slow minutes; And the air grows sweet with the scent of the lighted joss on the mantel, And the subtle promise of hastening raptures. You stand before the mirror, braiding your hair; It spills, a brown-gold flood, over your gay kimona With its radiant pink chrysanthemums rampant On a jet-blue sky of silk. At last you turn to me, your smile enveloping mine.. . You slowly put out the light, And the love-knitting night floods all of the room. The one red spark of the joss-taper glows tenderly from the mantel, One star, alone in a heaven so near that I can touch it. [132] The Greater Sea (From the Drama, "The Madman") By Kahlil Gibran My soul and I went to the great sea to bathe. And when we reached the shore, we went about looking for a hidden and lonely place. But as we walked, we saw a man sitting on a grey rock and taking pinches of salt from a bag and throwing them into the sea. "This is the pessimist," said my soul. "Let us leave this place.  We cannot bathe here." We walked on until we reached an inlet. There we saw, standing on a white rock, a man holding a bejewelled box, from which he took sugar and threw it into the sea. "And this is the optimist," said my soul. "And he too must not see our naked bodies." Further on we walked. And on a beach we saw a man picking up dead fish and tenderly putting them back into the water. "And we cannot bathe before him," said my soul.   "He is the humane philanthropist." And we passed on. Then we came where we saw a man tracing his shadow on the sand. Great waves came and erased it. But he went on, tracing it again and again. "He is the mystic," said my soul.   "Let us leave him." And we walked on, till in a quiet cove we saw a man scooping up the foam and putting it into an alabaster bowl. [133] The Greater Sea "He is the idealist," said my soul. "Surely he must not see our nudity." And on we walked. Suddenly we heard a voice crying, "This is the sea. This is the deep sea. This is the vast and mighty sea." And when we reached the voice it was a man whose back was turned to the sea, and at his ear he held a shell, listening to its murmur. And my soul said, "Let us pass on. He is the realist, who turns his back on the whole he cannot grasp, and busies himself with a fragment." So we passed on. And in a weedy place among the rocks was a man with his head buried in the sand. And I said to my soul, "We can bathe here, for he cannot see us." "Nay," said my soul, "for he is the most deadly of them all.  He is the Puritan." Then a great sadness came over the face of my soul, and into her voice. "Let us go hence," she said, "for there is no lonely, hidden place where we can bathe. I would not have this wind lift my golden hair, or bare my white bosom in this air, or let this light disclose my sacred nakedness." Then we left that sea to seek the Greater Sea. [134] Voices By Hortense Flexner Scene: The main street of Domremy, in front of the shattered church sacred to Jeanne D'Arc. Roofless houses and broken buildings stand huddled in ruins. The place is deserted and silent. From the right comes a peasant girl, Yvonne, finely made and young. She wears a coarse, wool skirt and a gray shawl loosely folded about her shoulders. Taking her way down the sunken street, she passes before the door of the church and kneels. As she does so, another peasant girl, slight and erect, comes silently from the church. The time is late afternoon in May. The south wind is stirring. Yvonne stands. YVONNE I heard a voice that called across the wind. THE OTHER A voice?   My thoughts were prayers. What vision I have seen no words have said. YVONNE The dead!  Their souls are strange upon the air, And cannot find the way to Paradise. Perhaps they spoke. THE OTHER Or cannon far away. YVONNE (Covering her ears) Oh, no— [135] Voices THE OTHER Alas—and did you live in Domremy? YVONNE Before they came.   But now The great shells have not left a house—not one. Even the church, Jeanne's church in which she heard the angels speak, Is broken to the ground. THE OTHER Jeanne dwelt once in a prison far from home; There was a day—ah, well— She can forego the church. YVONNE (With energy) But no!   We shall rebuild it stone by stone. There is no villager will rest Till it is whole. THE OTHER There's better work to do for Jeanne Than build a church. YVONNE And let her think we have forgot again? Or that we are afraid? THE OTHER It was so long ago—and now— YVONNE But Jeanne is Domremy! We think of her as if she had not died. In early Spring We make a pageant—every Spring for Jeanne, To show her as a girl, here where she lived, [136] Hortense Flexner And heard the voices first—a shepherd girl, In clothes like these, like yours. I was the Maid last May! THE OTHER You Jeanne? And rode a charger, too? In armor like a man's? And were you mocked, Until you crowned the King that day at Rheims, Thrown in a cell—and burned—all in the play? YVONNE You saw it, then?  Perhaps you lived nearby? THE OTHER Nearby. YVONNE And are you coming now to find the things The soldiers have not battered to a ruin? THE OTHER Not I. YVONNE (With defiance) Nor I! THE OTHER What then? A hidden relic in the church? YVONNE I should not seek for that in Domremy. The one I wore so many years for luck, About my throat, I gave the lad who played Jeanne's lover in the fete. (Stolidly) Relic and lad are buried in a ditch Beyond Arras—how should I know? THE OTHER And so you came? [137] Voices YVONNE I came to pray Jeanne D'Arc. THE OTHER Trudged all the way through blood and mire— YVONNE To pray her come again.  They say she hears When May is young, and that her spirit flies Close—close to Domremy when leaves are new, And tender things are born. THE OTHER You'd have her come?  Is there not strife enough? France has good friends, and all the kings are crowned. YVONNE Jeanne D'Arc would make an end of war. She'd stop the guns! When she was just a girl—alone and mocked, She took a sword and flashed it through the land, Until she pressed the foe upon the sea. And would she not today? Shall one love France the less for being safe In Paradise? THE OTHER Poor Jeanne. YVONNE (Remembering) It was a miracle— THE OTHER I do not know. YVONNE She was so young, so slight—but all her soul Burned as a torch. A spirit lies in Jeanne to wake the dead. [138] Hortense Flexner If she should come, we could not wait and wait, Gain here, lose there, hide in the trenches, wait, And drag the war to years. O, she would show the way I No girl, this time, but saint she'd draw her sword— THE OTHER (Sharply) No—no— YVONNE (Mocking) Jeanne D'Arc without a sword. THE OTHER Without a sword! YVONNE It was her strength.  She saw it in a dream— THE OTHER Jeanne had her soul before she had the sword. YVONNE (Scornfully) A soul against the guns 1 THE OTHER It is the only thing they may not break. YVONNE But who would know Jeanne D'Arc without her sword? THE OTHER Hush!   She will weep in Paradise for that. YVONNE (Frightened) I love her— THE OTHER She hates her sword! [139] Voices YVONNE You dare!  She carried it the day They crowned the King. THE OTHER The day she failed!  Poor Jeanne!  She did not know— A peasant girl must never crown a king, Nor fight his foes.  If she had known— YVONNE (More and more amazed) But Jeanne was led! A spirit showed the way. THE OTHER (Continuing) She would have struck the King—there as he knelt, And killed him with her sword.   It was her sin She did not kill the King.  He was the foe Of France—all kings are foes of all the men They rule.   How else should they send men to death For little things?  What that a King can fear Is worth the death of one—one peasant lad, Who loves the sky? Jeanne was no saint—she was a shepherd girl, Who did not know how things would come to pass. YVONNE The voices spoke— THE OTHER O, yes—the voices!  Better had she heard Her heart—her pitying heart! YVONNE (With emphasis) Jeanne was a soldier-maid.  Her pitying heart Was but the girl— [140] Hortense Flexner THE OTHER It was herself—the most of her—the flame! And it shall lead when she shall come again. YVONNE A pitying heart the leader of a host? THE OTHER (Gladly) Yes—yes.  A pitying heart! YVONNE (As if humoring one a little mad) And what host then? THE OTHER A host of pitying hearts, which kings shall fear, More than defeat and death. YVONNE (Making ready to go) It is a dream—as mine—a dream. THE OTHER The voices were not more. YVONNE If that were true, Jeanne would be here today, And my prayer heard. THE OTHER (Continuing in exaltation) An army kings shall fear, A silent host, Scattered—bereft— Mourning at broken hearth-stones in all lands, Hating one thing—a hate that makes them kin, Stronger than blood and bone—the hate of death, Which is their love of life. [141] Voices These Jeanne shall lead, the brooding ones who give In grief and tears, knowing so well the end, The raw, earth mound that's left where kings have passed. These Jeanne shall find— YVONNE (Stirred) Women—women of France. THE OTHER Women of all the earth shall be Jeanne's strength. And she shall go to them, In peasant clothes—a maid! And where she finds a woman at her toil, She'll stop and say, "Would you have back your dead?" And by their answer they shall follow Jeanne, Until her army, swelling like a flood, Pours down the earth undammed. What can the kings build up against this tide, The woe and rage, impatience and despair Of all the withheld women of all years, Borne down on them at last? What can they do, if men no longer mad, But grim with agony, and blood and death, Leap from the trenches, break the mighty guns, And with the women turn their faces home? O, in that hour the puny kings shall see As some great mountain blotting out the sun, The shadow of our wrath, And know defeat—all kings alike— But people shall be free! YVONNE (Rapt) Jeanne and the women—when? [142] Hortense Flexner THE OTHER She was a peasant girl— YVONNE (Looking down at her wooden shoes) A peasant girl- (As she lifts her eyes, she is alone.   With terror.) Voices!  It was the Maid herself. I am afraid. (She kneels upon the stone step of the church, in the crack of which, strangely, a lily is growing.) CURTA IN The right of representation reserved to Stuart Walker of the Portmanteau Theater. [143] Young America By Van Wyck Brooks SHORTLY after the outset of the nineteenth century there passed into the intellectual currency of almost every European people a certain phrase which everywhere stood for one substantial, common impulse: a resurgence of national purpose working consciously against a played-out national background. It was the watchword of the new generation—Young Germany, Young Italy, Young Ireland, I mean, to mention a few instances; and in each case it represented a warm, humane, concerted and more or less revolutionary protest against whatever incubus of crabbed age, paralysis, tyranny, stupidity, sloth, commercialism, lay most heavily upon the people's life, checking the free development of personality, retarding the circulation of generous ideas. A little later the phrase and its informing impulse passed beyond the European countries; it emerged in the Orient, first among the Young Turks and finally in Young China and Young India, until within the space of a century the entire Eastern Hemisphere had passed under its rejuvenating touch. A similar phrase became current at about the same time in our own social history. Who does not remember "Young America," a phrase that served, and continues to serve, though it has long since passed into cant, as a sort of touchstone of American juvenility? Young America blossomed out originally on the covers of innumerable magazines and storybooks, the text of which set forth his ingenious and enterpris- [144] Van Wyck Brooks ing career. He was the typical farmer's boy of our national epos, who sought adventure and found success. By shifts and devices that all his contemporaries understood, he came back home from time to time, his pockets bulging with greenbacks acquired somewhere on the other side of the horizon, just in time to save his mother from dispossession or a painful death; and in the end, automatically and by easy stages, he arrived at the White House. The story always stopped just at the point where Young America became the arbiter of our national destinies. He had got his particular plum, that was the climax. How the rest of us fared with regard to the plum, how he himself digested it—everything of that sort was manifestly beside the question. Now, superficially, of course, there is no basis of comparison between such a conception as this and one so far less easily personified as that of Young Italy, for example, or Young China. But, really, I think, Young America stood for the essential impulse of our post-revolutionary history in exactly the same way that the corresponding phrases have stood for the essential post-revolutionary impulse in every other country. As in China, as in Turkey, as in Italy, as in Germany, it stood for the force that overtoppled the old regime—the colonial regime in our case, the aristocratic, or bureaucratic, or despotic, or alien regime elsewhere, as the case might be, and set up the ferment of modern society. In function it was identical, in quality alone it was fundamentally different, just as the American revolution was fundamentally different from all the revolutions of Europe and Asia. It was fundamentally different, it was unique, of course, in striking the note of a country where, to reverse the proverb, nothing was to be endured, everything was to be done, where the programme was necessarily one, not of reaction through the mass, but of expansion through the individual. Moral and kindly, bold, callous, and simple, Young America had to do [145] Young America with immense, external, impersonal, wholesale tasks like "developing the West"; it had to fence in lands it had never tilled, filch gold out of mountains it had never lived among, and cover the continent with a sound, rudimentary population. The contest lay all along not between man and society, not between youth and age, as it lay in the Old World, but between the human and the non-human, and it called into play so great an over-plus of will and energy, of self-reliance and self-assertion, that nature, else intractable, was in the end borne under. That was the quality of our essential historic impulse, the tune to which every loyal American heart in the old days beat high, an impulse that was determined not by the pressure of personality from within, but by the existence, the allure, and the eventual decay of material opportunities outside. For there came a time when the tune began to lag, when the pioneer passed over into the business man and the giants and empire-builders began to lie back among their dividends, spilling right and left in public works the millions they had had a clear title to in the days when everyone felt that their enterprise and prowess were blazing a trail for the race. Well before 1900 Young America gave up dreaming of the White House, not because the White House had become less attainable by everyone at once, but because it had ceased to be in the general regard the merely natural and legitimate prize of the good boy who had made his way best in the world. The hour of the epos had struck. It had struck, bequeathing to us only one human tradition, by virtue of which we are all "infinitely repellant particles," all too rich in the technique of material enterprise, impoverished and without experience in the technique of society and the intellect. Primitive competition, the competition of the jungle itself, the only mode of life our fathers knew, had left us cold and dumb in spirit, incoherent and uncohesive as be- [146] Van Wyck Brooks tween man and man, given to many devices, without community in aim or purpose. Thus it is that the fierce rudimentary mind of America, like that of some inchoate primeval monster, relentlessly concentrated in the appetite of the moment, knows nothing of its own vast, inert, nerveless body, encrusted with parasites and half indistinguishable from the slime in which it moves. One looks out to-day over the immense vista of our society, stretching westward in a succession of dreary steppes, a universe of talent and thwarted personality evaporating in stale culture, and one sees the inevitable result of possessing no tradition to fill in the interstices of energy and maintain a steady current of life over and above the ebb and flow of individual impulses, of individual destinies. Is it strange that while the spiritual life of the Old World, deep-rooted and all-embracing organism that it is, perpetually blossoms afresh, the spiritual life of America is at the mercy of everything that passes in the air, and that any fresh breeze from a new direction can bowl it over, like a plant sprung up in a sand-waste? For we are indeed, as Turgeniev said of Russia, grande et riche, mais désordonnée. Who can estimate the latent force that inexhaustibly spends itself in the trivialities of our popular fiction and makeshift art, in the search for successful formulas, in aimless theorizing and senseless ingenuity, in advertising and ragtime, in rhetoric, jocosity, and vague sentiment, in half-apprehended culture, and the bogs and fens of theos-ophy? Our life is like a badly motivated novel, full of genius but written with an eye to quick returns; a novel that possesses no leading theme, in which the style alternates between journalese and purple patches, and every character goes its own arbitrary way, failing of its full effect. So undeveloped we are, save in the little private role we set ourselves, so un-habituated in the more comprehensive relationships of life, that it is as if we lived in relief, as it were, only half cut out. [147] Young America Encircle most Americans and you will encounter nothing but a rough block, plainly not intended to be seen. Now, I assume that we are all quite aware of these things, that we are all heartily sick and tired both of our own old ways and the old ways of the life about us, quite aware that something fundamental in our national background has played itself out and gone threadbare. To the remotest corners of the country the new generation is putting to itself the question, "What is coming next?" Well, I have spoken of Russian society as at one time, in the one sense at least of possessing no consciously organic life, comparable with ours. And this, not to push the comparison too far, is what happened in Russia at the turn of the tide. The quotation is from Stepniak, on the revolutionary movement of 1873-1874. It was a revelation rather than a propaganda. At first the book, or the individual, that had impelled this or that person to join the movement could be traced out; but after a while this became impossible. It was a powerful cry which arose, no one knew where and whence, and which summoned the zealous to the great work of the redemption of country and humanity. And the zealous, heeding this cry, arose, overwhelmed with sorrow and indignation over their past life, and abandoning home and family, wealth and honors, threw themselves into the movement with a joy, an enthusiasm, a faith, such as are experienced only once in a lifetime, and which when lost are never found again. I will not speak of the many young men and young women of the highest aristocratic families who labored fifteen hours a day in the factories, in the workshops, in the fields. Youth is proverbially generous and ready for sacrifice. The most characteristic feature of the movement was that the contagion spread even to the people, advanced in years, who had already a future clearly worked out and a position won by the sweat of their brows—judges, physicians, officers, officials,—and these were not among the least zealous. Yes, it was not a political movement ; it rather resembled a religious movement in its contagious and absorbing elements. People not only sought to obtain a distinct practical object, but also to satisfy an inward sentiment of duty, an inspiration, so to speak, leading them toward their own moral perfection. [148] Van Wyck Brooks One can see at a glance, of course, how characteristically Russian all that is, how little it bears, in any specific way, upon anything either existent or potential in the American make-up, in which for one thing the religious impulse has for so long ceased to be organic. I quote it simply as the most perfect example of a psychological phenomenon that appears again and again at appointed moments, in one form or another—the sudden fusion of a race, by which all its elements are miraculously set beating together at the highest pitch. Differing in style and degree, according to the peculiar genius, in response to the peculiar need of the race in question, now literary, now political, now agricultural, now religious, or a combination of two or all of these, it has appeared in all the national movements of Young Europe and Young Asia, from the days of Mazzini to the days of Sun Yat Sen, in the awakening of Ireland, in the re-birth of the submerged nationalities of Eastern Europe, in the sudden tensity of a score of "national cultures" at the outbreak of the war. It is exactly as in the opening and the development of a symphony; a lull succeeds the chaotic din of instruments not yet in tune; in the presentiment of unison, the general dawn of a leading theme, an immense calm descends over all, and then slowly, faintly, at the dropping of the wand, the orchestration begins, weaving its way hither and thither till at last every mind and hand, every thought and sense, every nerve and muscle is aflame, and a whole population is caught up in some supreme system of ideas. It is vain to look for anything quite like this in America, even if it is this alone, or the less ecstatic and more habitual equivalent of this, which makes a race great and an age great. For we are not a race, to begin with ; we are incongruous at once in blood and in culture. Unlike the nations of the Old World, we possess neither a dormant, sub-conscious multitude existing on a common level and capable of responding to a [149] Young America common watchword, nor a student class united in the discipline of common ideals and capable of arousing them. There are centers of our civilization where nothing is real but the future, immense areas of mentality keyed at the Tennysonian pitch, villages in the interior of Virginia, where, they say, Matthew Prior, prince of poets in the age of Anne, is still the reigning favorite in letters, tenacious outposts of culture in Tennessee and Kentucky where the speech of the people remains unchanged from the time of Queen Elizabeth. And this is the tale of the Anglo-Saxon tradition alone. We are a population at sixes and sevens, holding among all classes and at all stages of development scarcely any common conviction save one, that "the essential pre-occupation of youth," as one of our novelists put it the other day, "is organizing a living." And yet there is one indisputable new fact that has been gradually coming to light these last years, a sort of epilogue to the Young America myth which may in the end put a new face on things, new in a different sense from that of all the other "newnesses" that have befooled and befuddled us from the days of the Transcendentalists down. And this new fact is that material enterprise no longer possesses the infinité horizon and the spiritual elan that once justified it in the eyes of all and could alone continue to justify it in the eyes of a "proverbially generous" youth. One stands on perfectly safe psychological ground in asserting that young men will not for long go on committing themselves to a mode of life that has lost its leaven of spiritual conflict and adventure, a mode of life that no longer calls the poetic faculties into play, and offers nothing to the soul; "organizing a living," without that, is altogether too tepid an affair. One sees how the wind blows in business itself, in the dissatisfaction, so to say, of business with being merely business, in its tendency to pass over its own borders and become a means of expression, an "art-form," as Mr. Gerald Stanley Lee says.  But far more significantly one [150] Van Wyck Brooks sees it in the tired, baffled expression on the faces of so many middle-aged Americans, bewildered men like Mr. Henry Ford, men who have discovered the inadequacy of business to fulfill their spiritual needs and who, reaching out from it, find themselves lost in a maze of wider relationships with which no technique that they possess enables them to cope. This is the real disposition of things, and it gives meaning to the painful, insistent, blundering, inarticulate will to exist on a higher plane than that of the domestic animals which manifests itself the country over in so many thousand isolated lives. The poems that all but reach their intention, the novels that never come to market, the religious emotions that never crystalize, the speculations that never quite achieve their master-thought, the political ideas that lose themselves in sentimentality, who can estimate their number, or question the reality of the experience that lies behind them? All this confused, thwarted, multitudinous welter of spiritual impulse is, I believe, the certain visible sign of some prodigious organism that lies undelivered in the midst of our society, an immense brotherhood of talents and capacities coming to a single birth. For we have learned one lesson from our competitive pioneering past—that we human beings are all pretty much, as Balzac said, like the figure O; when another is set beside it we acquire ten times our value. [151] THE   SEVEN ARTS AN EXPRESSION OF ARTISTS FOR THE COMMUNITY James Oppenheim, Editor      Waldo Frank, Associate Editor Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer Edna Kenton Van Wyck Brooks David Mannes Robert Edmond Jones WITH the increase of democracy one would naturally expect art to contact more and more of the majority. The opposite seems to be true. Art for the people seems to lie behind us, with Homer, the Greek dramatists, the Minnesingers, Troubadors, traveling players, with the Elizabethans, and in this country with the New England group. For the main modern tendency in art is aristocratic. America has produced Henry James and Henry James' books are closed to most of America. Who but a "cultured" man can read Jean-Christophe, or the works of H. G. Wells, or understand modern painting, modern music, modern sculpture? And yet we say that art must be the expression of a homogeneous group, the nation—that the glory of England is Shakespeare, and the greatness of Germany is Goethe. Such geniuses express a people and become part of the consciousness of that people.  It is true that Faust soars into [152] The Seven Arts a realm that is inaccessible to most minds: but nevertheless it is so deeply rooted, that large areas of the work belong to all. In fact most of the first part is a popular play. And so Shakespeare, eluding at every tenth line the intelligence of a general audience, yet so works in action, in emotion, in character, in slang and vulgarity, that the plays are really for all. Yet Shakespeare scorned the mob, spat upon the groundlings. Our moderns slap democracy on the back, but what are they giving it in art? YES, we have magazines that circulate in the millions: we have cities sown thick with theaters: we have ragtime and the movies. It is an age of general reading, general theater-going, and almost every home has its phonograph or player piano. Never was the machinery of art more widely and thoroughly distributed. And never, among a great people, was there less of art. For what we call art to-day seems to be largely the work of specialists in expression for specialists in appreciation. In the aristocracy of culture, in the high-brow circles, there is abundance of fine work: especially art of the "pure" type—pure music cleansed of the dirt of thinking and image, pure painting thrice-purged of the "story" and the "picture," pure novels with melodrama and incident burnt out, pure poetry all wrought of images and combed clean of sentiment and thought. But as Shaw probably said, purity is for the pure. And so most of the species is excluded. HOWEVER, this onset of "purism" is not confined to the aristocracy: it also reaches to the democracy. Here is purity of another sort. Pure trash, pure vulgarity, if you will, but—pure. Here are stories that are all plot, snap, ginger, and wish-fulfilment: cheap fairytales of business and adventure, turned out as by machinery. The product, though multitudinous, is uniform: and one can buy [153] The Seven Arts one's magazine by the color of the eyes of the girl on the cover. Here is illustration that carries rubber-stamp beauty and heroism. Here is music that sets the feet dancing and turns heart-throbs into syncopation. Here is drama that transplants with actuality the people of the street to the stage, with not the loss of a grimace or a gesture. There is vitality in it all, there is even the sort of reality that an election crowd gives, or an ambulance tearing down the packed avenue. It is the art primarily of sensation, of news, of common desire. We say it lacks greatness : we say it is flabby and sentimental : we say that it discovers no depth and no height in the human being. We effectually damn it, but what do we offer in its place? To the reader of Harold Bell Wright we offer Robert Herrick, or Henry James. To the lover of ragtime we offer Chadwick. To the admirer of Christy we offer the Cubists. Well, if it comes to a choice between the art of vitality and sensation and the art of subtlety and intellect, perhaps the raw appetite is wiser than "fine taste." If one must choose, there is much to be said for the street and the mill and the saloon, and all places where life is a hot flame, and not the curling wisp of incense. THE truth of the matter is that great art was never pure. It was the expression of the whole man, and not merely his sublimated upper layer. He never separated soul from body, the aesthetic from the emotional, the intellectual from the intuitive. The belief in pure art doubtless springs from the modern fallacy that we have men and women amongst us (or rather we are such men and women) who have no under-parts. They or we are all upper. And yet it takes but little psychologic analysis to discover in your pure man a region all slums. He may hold his nose and half shut his eyes as he hurries through Cherry Street: just as he represses and refuses to see this street in himself: but it is there—the [154] The Seven Arts vulgar passions, the primitive instincts, and all that is brutal, sordid, ridiculous, absurd and cheap. This refusal to see his own animal is part of his refusal to see himself as part of the herd. He is as much an aristocrat when it comes to the different parts of himself, as when it comes to his relations with his fellows. And even as this is true, so is it true that in the herd are capacities and possibilities, reaches and desires far greater, far higher than is patent. Yet to the herd, vulgar art: to the aristocrat, pure art. Could we not almost say that great art comes to neither? BY expressing his whole being, the great artist contacted every level of life at some point. This is why we say he is "universal." To the low he gave their own low-ness, but also the overtones, the promptings and leadership toward the higher. To the high he gave height, but also depth. He offered the thin abstraction and the monstrous welter of passion: philosopher, merchant, sailor and thief could go to him for a sense of the life that included and transcended their own. It was thus that art could unify a nation and express a national entity. Mankind was in it. And more than man, animal was in it, and plant, and gross Earth. Such an artist could not produce anything pure—for "purity" is a specialty, a split-off strand from human nature. He was not afraid to tell a story, to utilize melodrama, sentimentality, tears and laughter: to mix philosophy with imagery, and ethics with obscenity: to joke, to preach, to exhort and to amuse. And possibly he was helped in this by the fact that he had directly to reach his audience, a mixed audience of high and low. To-day the artist communicates with a group of specialists. EXTREMELY significant for our future, then, is the emergence in America of the so-called "new poetry." From the older, the New England standpoint, it lacks refinement, gracefulness and respectability.   But it is a vital [155] The Seven Arts growth from below upwards. It starts on the level of vaudeville and the newspaper but it rises to the heights of "culture." It includes vulgarity and passionate aspiration, it is both simple and complex, it attempts "to taste the whole radiant round" of life, and also those parts which are not radiant. "The Spoon River Anthology" has some of the greatness of great art for this reason. Its expression is simple, it springs directly from many levels of experience, it leads off toward high places. And so with several of our poets: the attempt to break through the class-crusts, to be assimilated back into the universal experience of life, to take again the leadership toward the future. Once again we have prophecy and philosophy and vulgarity in art. There are isolated novelists, painters and architects who are tending this way, but only in poetry is there yet anything like a large tendency, an integrated movement.  In this lies a great hope for a national art. J. O. [156] Concerning a Little Theater By Waldo Frank WHITMAN'S man of the "divine average" will tell you that any effort is noble, and that it is better to do a thing badly than not to do it at all. You may not go as far as he does. It may seem to you that effort is often a lie and a thing ill-done a botch. Still, you can't slur your average man from his strategic place in our democratic life. And so long as he is there his tendencies are pragmatically true. Thus, in America, a bad job is often not alone better than no job at all, but an historical achievement. For any effort releases energy, displaces matter, implies leaving somewhere and getting somewhere else. And these disturbances have been at once the typical and the saving parts of the American maelstrom. Had it set, it would have been morass. Since it whirls on, it may still spread forth into silt and become the home of flowers. An intense example of the American character is Washington Square. The neighborhood that is gathered to this name is not so much locality as mood. To the mind of America, it is a complex of what is rebellious and homeless within it. The great part of it is idleness, and license and chaos. The commanding residue is spirit. One of its recent conspicuous outbursts—for like all complexes it pushes upward into symptoms—has been the group known as the Washington Square Players. They emerged from the clutter of disparate effort and desire which, from all American soils and all American traditions, is repelled toward Greenwich Village. They bore [157] Concerning a Little Theater the concentrated light of popular attention which is so easily mistaken for the torch of spirit. And their light has led, although it was entirely the reflected fire of those about them. From the impetus of their acclaim, other little theaters are now joyously springing up. And out of these, it is highly probable that at last an American dramatic consciousness may grow. So after all, eventually, the "divine average" is right. In Berlin or Moscow or Paris, an organization which would quicken art would need to be a good organization. In America, all that was called for was an active organization. For America had not yet reached the ethical stage where quantity moulds into quality and where impulse is naturalized as good and bad. A fit man must create : a fit infant need only scream. The Washington Square Players have been important simply and solely because they have existed. It is our hope, however, that the end has come to this fledgling stage. Judgment is entering and torturing the blandness of our life. Alternatives of interest dull the edge of our promiscuous enthusiasm. The fact of vociferousness no longer passes as a sign of health. We are, in fact, struggling beyond the imitative morning into the ruthless noon of self-exploration. And if we are to achieve that intense consciousness which is the source of true expression, we must sacrifice our past. The childish things that beckoned forth our energies must be put away.  But first, they must be understood... . With this point of view, it appears that from their humble beginnings three seasons ago to their present achievement of a theater on Broadway, the Washington Square Players have been untrue to what America expected of them, and to themselves. Their confessed program was to produce the European moderns whom Broadway designedly ignored and to give utterance to an American dramatic art which had seemed fated to be mute. [158] Waldo Frank But a study of their work reveals that what these Players really wanted was to strut like their elders. On the continent of Europe was a mature dramatic art—one bound to exert a vast and unbalancing persuasion on that type of sensibility which, while it lacks the body to express, quivers to each external charm. These Players dressed themselves in the regalia of the foreign arts. And sometimes they called it Maeterlinck or Schnitzler; and sometimes they put their own names to it and called it American. Their productions of the Europeans were dwarfed approximations to themselves; their productions of native plays were for the most part inflated approximations to the Europeans. It is hard to be small, when so many giants are about. It requires a heroism that has a name: humility. The Players lacked it. It was easier to flaunt the masks of other cultures. This is the sort of thing applauded by all children. Had the impulse of this group in giving Andreyev and Bracco been one of kinship and understanding, the performances would have revealed it. If the impulse rose from that intellectual snobbery which, in a lower form, inspires the use of foreign accents and foreign neckties the performances will also have revealed it. They have. The Washington Square Players have had seasoning and success. But they have not grown. Their one step has been a more sophisticated acting— and a better house. And the vicious perfection of their tendency may be seen anywhere on Broadway. They commenced with at least the superficial feature of a truth. Their rebellion and their artistic faith rang loud, even if it did not ring true. Under the semblance, the reality often may evolve. Had the Washington Square Players at first been pliant, they might at the end have grown to be what they professed. But they lacked even the hospitality to truth which comes from not being actively engaged in falsehood. They had their own standards, their own goal—static ones and pre-arranged, since [159] Concerning a Little Theater they were the standards and goal of others who had succeeded. Rightly directed, they must have known that their true goal was unknown—since what they pretended to fulfill was still unexpressed. For the achieving of this, they would have kept their vision and their senses free. They would have avoided most what they most courted—the already formed perfection of the Europeans, which could only dim and discourage the uncertain promptings of an American art. But not alone the humility of discovering themselves, even the will to discover others, was alien to their spirit. I have seen them in their several seasons—and the seasons are interchangeable—produce plays by many accepted masters. In their hands, Andreyev's "Love of One's Neighbor" lost all of its recurrent terror—a terror in which the artist drowns life's flaring colors to the fate of grey: Andreyev became boisterous vaudeville. In their hands the dramas of Chekhov which are a weave of close-knit emotional stresses, subtly patterned, were shredded and destroyed: all that was left was a false accentuation of the external looseness in his structures. In their hands, Schnitzler's ironism was a dead thing, and the sex-counterpoint by which he brought it out was all-important. It was not alone that they knew nothing of Austria and Russia: their superlative mishandling seemed to suggest that really the thought of background had not occurred to them. This last season, they have produced a play by Georges de Porto-Riche—a penetrating master of modern licentious comedy in France. Now the aim of this type of gallicism is to create a dramatic convention from the spectacular emotions and vicissitudes of life. The theater of Porto-Riche is a purely artificial theater; its analogy in English letters is the comedy of Congreve. At present, a school in this spirit, headed by Alfred Capus, is producing dramas in France which will outlast the sententious symbolism of Brieux, the romantic sleight-of-hand of Rostand.  Obviously, the one way to play [160] Waldo Frank this style of theatrical expression is the artificial. Its emotions are not real, but conventions ; its structure is not full-dimensioned but the phrasing of an extended epigram. Its genius is flat and hard and cold. Done with no understanding of the racial culture that created it, it becomes a hideous parody of life; and no possible reason remains for doing it at all. Yet, the Washington Square Players acted Porto-Riche realistically! The external details that they were alone able to grasp, they stressed. The spirit for which all of the detail was mere delineation, they ignored. A true impulse could not work so badly.  A true love of art could not so cruelly maltreat. But what of their own productions? One could forgive these artists their mismanagement of the European theater, if they were but creating a theater of their own. Unfortunately, this is not the case. However badly they play the Europeans, these are not so much their great preoccupation as their obsession. I fail to see any indigenous quality in Edward Goodman's "Eugenically Speaking" beyond a coarsening of the Shavian theme and a flattening of the Gallic method. Philip Moeller's serious playlet of the first season was a stringing of conversational pearls synthetized from Synge and Maeterlinck upon a Grand Guignol plot. And the* best that can be said of his later farces is that they rank with the extravaganzas already produced annually by college seniors. Their spirit is more ugly, their wit is more sophisticated. But if the genre is more congenial in the hands of callow University clubs, its demoralization is more adept in the revues of the Parisian boulevards. I have seen, in addition, products of New England's variant of Sardou—Alice Brown is a chief exponent; and melodramas so very near the best of Broadway that they soon found their career in the vaudeville exchanges for one-act thrillers. Indeed, where these Players have most nearly succeeded, they have seemed most nearly to approximate the commercial—and [161] Concerning a Little Theater more real—theater which they were hailed to reject. It would be cruel to their excellent "Pierre Patelin" to bring to mind certain fantastic importations of Winthrop Ames—"Sumurun" and "Pierrot the Prodigal" among them. And even in their quite successful attempts at the timely folk versions of drama, such as "The Clod," they have never approached an achievement like George M. Cohan's "Seven Keys to Baldpate" which for sheer artistry, lushness of imagination, sensitiveness to the American mood would have been their masterpiece had they had the fortune to produce it. To complete the picture, we must look at the other side of the footlights—at the press and the public. A great, vague hunger greeted the Washington Square Players. They were to supplement—even to supersede—Broadway. And of course Broadway had left a large group empty; even among those whom it satisfied, there were many unwilling to admit it. The Players came to create a home for cultured drama. Of course, no critic would care to be left out of such a housewarming. They arrived, trembling a bit; for they had heard of the French and Russians. And they saw these monsters, whom they had so awesomely avoided, given in a way that they could understand! This flattered the critics. They began to have a great respect for their critical powers: they began to think that after all the native drama was not so very much inferior to the drama of the Europeans. And they were unconsciously grateful to the Players who had taken the sting— and the spirit—out of the "highbrow stage." Moreover, when they saw a native playlet that was professedly serious, and the old chords in their hearts which had so long twanged to Broad-hurst and Charles Klein, twanged on, they were grateful again. For if the Players lacked background, so did the critics. If the Players took snobbish delight in being familiar with the Continentals, so did the critics. And if the Players enjoyed their masquerade in the gesture and habiliments of [162] Waldo Frank the Adult Drama, so did most of their audience. It was a happy family of children, playing house. .. playing mother and father and uncle. .. playing adult business and pleasure. Making believe in the way of children. And doubtless, in the process, sharpening their wits. But here the analogy between individual and social growth breaks suddenly away. In the racial progress, a group stands statically for what in the individual is a mood or a period of time. In personal history, the children who play at being father and mother evolve and achieve what they emulate. In the social organism, new groups emerge, slough off the older units and assimilate the progress through which these have found expression. And as a personal mood is superseded, so is a social group destroyed. With this vision, the work of the Washington Square Players is significant; their childishness becomes the constructive practice-play of later functionings that will be carried on by later groups. The impulse which barred these Players from the possibility of a direct communion with America was a thoroughgoing false one. During the last decades, human spirit in Europe has been in revolt. It has had a rich cultural soil from which to spring and soar. And art, as the expression of spirit, has revolted also. It has ceased to be extensive, to delineate the manifest in life. It has reached up into essences and abstractions. And it has been able to do this, since prior to the revolt, art had shot through with light and understanding the actuality that then existed. This was the art typified by Balzac and Hugo, by Schiller and the German lyrists, by Gogol and Pushkin :—the art of pure extension, the art known as popular and great. Rooted in the soil thus labored, art could afford to soar. And finally, when it has clarified the new domains of human aspiration, when Europeans have caught up with it and become merged with it, a new period of equilibrium will follow—a new period of popular art. But [163] Concerning a Little Theater in America, the situation is not germaine. These spirits of revolt—Andreyev, Wedekind, Maeterlinck, Romains—are not true for us. They have not reached up through labored fields that are our own. Absorption in them is a natural growth for their countrymen; for the American it is a dangerous trick. And its consequence must be to cleave us from reality as completely as it intensifies reality for the European. We have our own fields to plough; our own reality to explore and flush with vision. Let us do this first; humbly and doggedly as lowly toilers must. [164] Beyond the Screen By Kenneth Macgowan THE movies!   They inspire the world with hope and despair on singularly small evidence. Over the photoplay we all wax enthusiastic or fall dyspeptic in the same large uncritical way.   It is instinct.   For good or bad, just instinct. Of course, we back it up with a fine lot of rationalizations-, but we must not be over-suspicious of it for that reason. I'm not. My instinct tells me that the movies are a very exciting and promising thing which we have the chance of watching in its first campaign for the conquest of the mind and emotions of man. My intellect tells me to believe my instinct, and it also tells me that the people who don't like the movies are letting their instincts do the hating for them, too. But I think my instinct has this much the advantage of theirs. Theirs is disliking the screen art for something utterly different from the thing that sets mine thrilling. Theirs hates the crude plots, the ugly crime and the silly happinesses; theirs despises the flash and disjointed rush of mediocrity. Mine catches at vistas of beauty, the hills and trees and seas; the appeal of fresh girlhood, the play of light and shadow; the curve of motion; deeper still, the continuous changeful loveliness of pose. These things here and there, of course, separated by feet, yards, reels of celluloid stupidity; but here and there nevertheless, backing that curious assemblage of broad impressions which the screen can gather as no other art. And sometimes, illuminating with a terrible power, a rare flash of [165] Beyond the Screen something nebulous, unsubstantial, atmospheric. On this my instinct fastens, and out of it my mind builds an edifice whose vision keeps me happy within the jerrybuilt hovels of disappointment which almost every photoplayhouse is to-day. And this is the truth for an amazingly wide audience. Poets, professors, high-brows and uplifters, the aristocrats as well as the democrats of art, pass beyond the repulsion of crude incident, even beyond the fascination of a miraculous, myriad-flashing invention to a satisfaction in the humblest of movie art. Their senses leap from these pure accidents of mediocrity to anticipations of a beauty they may never see. Of course, the appeal of the screen is at bottom the appeal of the photograph. It is the discovery, by accidents that are so essential to the camera as to need some other name, of a new pictorial distinction. Even the worst bungler gives once or twice— set against it as his commercial creed may be—some new grasping at reality. It may be the rounding of a valley into view, the poise of a shoulder against a background, the proportions of a house to its frame of trees or even to the edges of the picture, the flare of shadow cast by a single point of light, or just the reflection and diffusion of a cross light under a summer pier. These hazards of the cinema camera are the things that the rare moving picture director of today, and the plodder of the future, can make the rule. Today, there is no director who cannot obtain beautiful and inspiring backgrounds for his exterior scenes. Nature and its possibilities need no comment. As to man-made things, he has in America a more restricted range of architecture to choose from than had the director of France or Italy, who before the war could put his troupe into motors and drop them back into the art and atmosphere of any century his scenario called for. Yet even with buildings lacking a complete beauty, the skilled director can find a corner, an edge of door, a balustrade, or the diagonal of descending steps, out of which he can [166] Kenneth Macgïwan build a composition which suggests everything that the perfect, desired pile might have conveyed. This matter of composition is half the photoplay battle for art. And it has fascinations that the painter cannot touch in his two dimensions, or even the sculptor in his static three. The screen is all things. Played with as a flat surface—and it is only a question of angle, movement or light, whether the picture takes on the suggestion of two or of three-dimensional space—the composition may assume every quality of drawing, formal or dynamic, rectilinear, mural or in created perspective. The texture of background, the quality of light, the tint or-tone of the final celluloid print, may throw the suggestion of oil, water color, wash or etching into a photoplay. A story may be told in one of these mediums, or it may draw forth each as it suits the phase's inner feeling. Or the composition may, by the same means of angle, movement and light, fall into moving sculpture. This is the more usual. It is, because of the necessity of seeing beauty from all sides, the more difficult and the more rewarding. Here light and shadow play a tremendous part. Even today in the productions of the least enlightened studios, the dramatic, sculptural power of a single source of light is being used as it has never been used on the stage west of Germany. The most remarkable part of photoplay composition is still to be considered—and still to be accomplished, though it is hinted at again and again in workday productions. This comes in the relation of each succeeding picture to the one before, in the multiplicity of composition that may be thus presented. The director may give us instantaneous compositions, held for longer or shorter periods; he may then flash a new and contrasting posture upon us. But he may also achieve a continuous composition, the figures moving into new harmonies as dancers move, even the buildings and backgrounds taking their seeming place in this dance of beauty as the camera is [167] Beyond the Screen shifted slowly into a new position. This continuous composition, as in the assembling of the Ku Klux Klan in "The Birth of a Nation," must take on a dramatic significance. It may be literally tremendous if the beauty achieved is constantly cumulative, rising to its height at the moment when the meaning of the scene comes to its triumphant climax. Or the catastrophic sense may be touched by a sudden or gradual collapse of poise and balance as the episode ends in engulfing tragedy. These things the director does today by accident or unconscious divination. In the future he must and will know his power. He will evolve a new stagecraft to help him. And he will gladly leave the restricted concavity of the stage for forays into that full, convex world where the camera crank turns and the tripod swings the lens across the vision. Pure invention also will lay new possibilities to his hands. He must learn the scores of ways in which color may give him power, and the one or two directions in which it must be ignored for various single tones; the even chances for finer effects by some method of actual three-dimensional photography; and the advantages, slight, if any, which synchronized speech may bring him. Out of his possibilities the director must obviously create a very personal expression when he chooses technical and artistic means for some particular problem. He has two further helps toward individual expression—the "leaders," or words thrown on the screen, and the order of development and statement in the telling of the story. Of these two intellectual elements the latter is by far the more important. The great virtue of the photoplay as a vehicle for art is this knack for assembling in an order suited to theme or mood all the varied elements of life. Flashing here and there, the lens picks up for comparison scores of details that fuse in a picture of reality such as even Zola could not produce with his verbal accumulations.   Through this—offering hundreds of oppor- [168] Kenneth Macgïwan tunities for individual variety of expression—the director instills life with the beauty of his pictorial art. And my instinct says that this is good. Of course, it would be good, unmistakably, triumphantly good, if that were all. But there is something more than pictorial beauty to present day movies; and there must be something more to the future art. There are plots and themes. Right now these are dirty and ugly; mawkish and debasing. And there lies the problem. Directors who achieve pictorial beauty still deal in things of the charnel house and the bawdy. Why? Because no one objects to this? Because it's not thought to matter? Because it's cheap—and easy? Because plots are hard—good plots? The photoplay art aims more strongly for the violent, for the things of the Roman Col-liseum, for the satisfaction of crude desire in spectacle (but not for the actuality of primitive passion), than it does for the beautiful in pose and picture. Here is an art battling within itself. And who is the umpire right now? Who are the men that choose between the beauty the director may achieve, and the horror that the scenario writer may set him to portray? A worse set of ignorant sporting gamblers are in command of photo-play organization than ever fattened on the theater. But the great hope lies in the fact that they are trying to rule an art that won't behave. It runs away from them financially with its demand of responsible business to make it pay; and also it runs away from them artistically. I could make my point more thoroughly with an exposition of the economics of the movie industry. May I instead merely call attention to a symbolic aspect of every photoplayhouse? Whatever the fortunes of a man or a company, in the bright lexicon of the films—in the daily routine of showing this and that thousand-feet of celluloid to the public—there are no such words as "Broadway failure."   People get up and go [é69] Beyond the Screen out—constantly—right in the middle of some story. But it doesn't "cut" as in the theatre, because, though it may or may not be criticism, it is the ordinary hour-by-hour habit of the place. Disgusted high-brows and disgruntled low-brows mingle and are lost in the maze who come in the reel's midst, and who leave as the round of the two hours' amusement brings that reel's same incident once more to view. There is no set place for applause—there is no moment to detect the chilly house. So the good and the bad flourish side by side and get their composite hearing. Granted that this curious system—and it ramifies, as I say, into a score of economic angles—protects both good and bad. At the worst, it is experience. Out of it the good should rise triumphant. At least my instinct tells me so. [170] Aesthetic Form By Willard Huntington Wright IN THE general contemplation of painting many qualities which are regarded as definite signs of greatness have no bearing on the aesthetic worth of the work. These qualities meet certain demands in the individual whose education has been faulty or whose responsiveness is the result of early emotional associations. When the average critic beholds poorly depicted objects of rich and varied colouring, he not infreqently mistakes their ornamental aspect for technical variety. When he sees an effective rendition of a beautiful woman, he is apt to overlook the mediocrity of execution in his rapt contemplation of the desirable subject. Confronted by a rural scene which recalls mellow and sentiment-hallowed vistas of childhood, the critic once more errs by attributing to the artist a high degree of creative reaction to natural beauty. In each of these three instances we find a critical judgment based on considerations which are personal and unrelated to intrinsic artistic merit. On the technical side of art we find other errors of valuation. Portraiturists who, by exaggerating or idealising certain salient facial characteristics, achieve what is commonly called "character" (after the manner of Frans Hals) are held in high esteem because of some imagined esoteric insight. Again, those painters who practise a careless and economical method of brushing and attain to a free and brilliant technique—the Besnards and the Sargents—are ranked above the profounder men whose surfaces are less masterful.  The rich [171] Aesthetic Form matière of a Manet is more admirable in the critics' eyes than the profoundities of a Cézanne. Canvases in which the colors are highly neutralised with white; landscapes revealing stiff and airless objects with cold and net outlines; portraits wherein one may read aloofness, dignity and personal detachment— here, too, are qualities which commonly pass as great. The early primitives have been highly praised for their "austerity"—another quality of accepted greatness. But this austerity was not even the result of an aesthetic impulse. The primitives, just learning the lessons of art, desired, above all, to produce in the spectator a quiet, contemplative and calm emotion, unruffled by any sensuality or memory of life. These many superficial aspects of art, misunderstood by modern critics, have set criteria of judgment; and not until such extrinsic appeals are ignored shall we be able to approach to a pure aesthetic comprehension of the art of painting. Every enduring quality of great painting—the painting of El Greco, Giotto, Giorgione, Rubens, Titian, Veronese, Renoir and Cézanne—can be explained by the laws of aesthetic form and organisation. One artist is greater than another solely because his form is more perfect. These laws correspond to the laws of life and movement; and the factors of art are the factors of consciousness. Art is a restatement of the whole of life—a bringing to an intense focus the universal will of nature. The sense of beauty is always related to form. All colours and musical notes are portions of a form which can be completed by other colors and notes. Colors either advance or retreat from the eye; and notes either advance or retreat from the ear. At once there is the implication of a spatial dimension which is a quality of form. A note or a color may therefore be beautiful. A series of notes or a series of colors, so arranged as to give the impression of a balanced form (a picture or a melody), may be doubly, trebly or a hundredfold as [172] Willard Huntington Wright beautiful as one note or one color. The beauty increases in proportion to the perfection of the form. But a perfume or a texture never implies beauty. No matter how exquisite a perfume may be, there is no sense of form attached to it; and a series of perfumes is no more exquisite than the most exquisite individual perfume in the series. Thus with texture in its tactile (not visual) sense. It may be pleasing to the touch in many different ways—like velvet, satin, flesh polished ivory, or a warm or cold surface. But it lacks the element of beauty because it does not give us the sense of form ; nor does a series of tactile experiences produce a formal conception. Only when we project a conception of form into texture (such as visualising a human body when we touch a flesh-like substance), and only when we associate a perfume with an object (calling up the flower, for instance, for which the perfume may be named), does either one of them give us an emotion of beauty. Form, in the artistic sense, has four interpretations. First, it exhibits itself as shallow imitation in painting, as repor-torial realism in literature, and as simple tune in music. (Sorolla, Zola and Rubinstein make use of this type of form.) Secondly, it contains qualities of solidity and competent construction such as are found in the paintings of Velazquez, the novels of Tourguénieff and the music of Liszt. Thirdly, it shows signs of having been arbitrarily arranged for the purpose of volumnear accentuation. (Poussin, George Moore and Wagner represent this development of form.) Last, form reveals itself, not as an objective thing, but as an abstract phenomenon capable of giving the sensation of palpability. All great art—the art of Rubens and Michelangelo, Balzac and Flaubert, Bach and Beethoven—falls under this final interpretation. But form, in order to be emotion-provoking must be ordered and composed ; and here we touch on the vitalising element of [173] Aesthetic Form art—organisation. The natural instinct for order, the desire to have details properly arranged, the pleasure derived from the justness of proportions in the factors of common experience—herein we find the human impulse toward unity. Chaos disturbs the most primitive of intelligences: in all the flux and reflux of existence there is the constant tendency toward law and order, toward the harmonising of divergencies. Even in the minds of pluralistic philosophers will be discovered a process of relationship, which co-ordinates and cements the physical and metaphysical integers. There is a gravity of the mind which attracts to it all intellectual particles; and this mental gravity is no more than the protoplasmic instinct toward unity. All mathematical divisions of one are arbitrary assumptions. The establishment of relationships—which must eventually lead to a unique measure—is our only basis of satisfaction or gratification. A work of art is only perfect in so far as it effects us as a unity—that is, as an ordered and related whole. A demand for this interrelationship in art is analogous to the same demand as applied to the factors of life. In art, however, the unity must be both real and philosophic. It must represent the concentration of the emotion of unity:— the co-ordination of causes as well as effects. The form in all the arts must be related in its details as well as in its largest aspects. That is, we must be able, first, to appreciate the mutual dependence of the successive factors of an art (the notes in music, the colors in painting, and the words in literature) ; and, secondly, to co-ordinate all of these dependent factors into a unified whole. The first relationship is established in music by tempo (or accent) ; in painting, by line (or outline) ; in literature, by cadence (or, in poetry, by metre.) The second, and larger, coherence is dependent upon the tonality (or key) in music; upon the lighting (or tonality) in painting; and upon the thought in literature. The laws of progression and coherence are identical with the laws which [174] Willard Huntington Wright govern all physiological and psychological activities, and are in harmony with our universal experience. The demand for symmetry is an expression of the primitive need of static balance. It is the first consciousness of existing. A child learns first to balance itself upright; hence, its initial sensation is symmetry. Later, movement is introduced into this symmetry, and locomotion is acquired. The aesthetic consciousness develops similarly, for we must not lose sight of the fact that art is the expression and projection of life. Herein lies its great philosophic value. It is the reduction of all life to a perfectly composed miniature world. Therefore the reaction to symmetry is anthropomorphically prior to the reaction of movement. Later this symmetry is set into simple action: there is an alternation of balance—a swaying to one side immediately counterbalanced by a swaying to the other side. The primitive art, which followed the making of symmetrical designs, balanced these designs after the manner of the human body in motion. Music was entirely a matter of rhythm, accentuated by the tapping of drums. Still later the rhythms became complicated according to the evolution of bodily movements—running, hopping, skipping, dancing, and so forth. Stimulations of impacts and stress resulted in emphasis on one foot or the other. Because of this rhythmic basis in all consciousness of movement, there exists necessarily a simple rhythm in every work of art which has passed beyond mere symmetry. There is, of course, in all great art, an underlying and all-embracing rhythm which determines the microcosmic life of the work. This profounder rhythm (which, because of the paucity of art nomenclature, we must call aesthetic rhythm) is the result of the perfect organisation of all the qualities of art—linear direction, balance and volume. It has nothing to do with rhythm in the ordinary sense, with tempo, with alternate swaying of curved lines, with action, or with metrics. It [175] Aesthetic Form is a complete cycle of poised movement presented as a simultaneous vision; and the change of the smallest part would completely alter every constituent. Thus a person may walk or dance rhythmically (in the narrower sense) ; but one of Michelangelo's slaves, which actually is static, possesses the profounder aesthetic rhythm, for within it is embodied every possible phase of ordinary rhythm of the human body, perfectly related and organised. Likewise a popular piece of dance music may possess rhythm; whereas Beethoven's C-Minor Symphony embodies in its four movements a complete world of rhythmic poise which gives itself to the auditor only when the cycle is complete—at the instant the final chord is struck. Again, we find in Swinburne's Dolores a melodious rhythm which sweeps us along on its surface; but in Balzac's Illusions Perdues we possess a great example of aesthetic rhythm which is developed by the perfect organism of documentary form. Ordinary rhythm extends itself wholly into time, and is the repetition of alternating lines, points or accents. Aesthetic rhythm is poise in three dimensions, wherein all the extremes of movement are related to a center of gravity, giving us the sense of complete satisfaction. The whole history of art, like the history of all thought, has been directed by a desire to arrive at truth. The first prehistoric scratches on stones, the first crude musical sounds, the first tales and sagas—all have been dictated by some cryptic inner impulse to reproduce and interpret the world of actuality. Along this path, and this path alone, has the search for truth progressed. To many it would seem paradoxical to say that the modern art which aims at an abstract aesthetic effect evolves from the same longing for truth that has given us impressionism, the realistic novel, and illustrative and imitative music. Yet such is the case. From the painting of five hundred years ago, when the artist's only desire was optically to reproduce his model, to the recent art which [176] Willard Huntington Wright strikes at underlying causes alone, we have a direct progressus of research and aspiration. At first the model was considered merely in its aspect of recognisable silhouette. Next the artist went deeper into the character of the model and subordinated details in order to catch the very essence of what was before him. Then he studied the light surrounding the model, and, dissecting it, made it vibrate even as in nature. Later he discovered the formal qualities of color, and his chief desire was to reproduce the rotundity of the model. As a result of these more or less technical considerations he became acquainted with his medium, and was able to mould it to his own ends. Needless to say, his progress toward a sure knowledge was not so simple and smooth as it appears set down in a brief statement, for other struggles occupied his thoughts and at times distracted him from the problems directly concerned with his medium. At certain stages in his development he was necessitated to depict figures of the church and the court, or to describe events of past epochs in which he had no interest. But despite these retards he acquired, in turn, resemblance, character, objective reality, color, and volume. It was then that he felt the need of a philosophical element which would express subjectively the laws of life just as his figures and shapes expressed the objects of life. Here entered composition—that quality which, by means of certain laws of line and mass, welds together all parts of the picture and makes of the work a symbolic replica of man's obedience to the laws of nature. After the Renaissance, the knowledge of composition died down, and many minor schools of painting sprang into life; but after a short period of experimentation in methods, composition came back to art with renewed vigor. More and more the serious creator is coming to realise that there is but one element in all deep and significant expression—complete order, and that this element is like a seed out [177] Aesthetic Form of which every other element and attribute in an art work grow. After all, this complete order is what holds life together—the unseen order which dictates our every thought and action, the energetic and dynamic order of which our separate personalities, our very bodies and brains, are merely the inconsequential result. Just as the truth in life is hidden deeply under the visual and material world, so does the truth in art lie far beneath the document and imitation. [178] The Masqueraders By Peter Minuit MY OLD friend, Jacobus van Horn, had promised to meet me the other day on the corner of Fifth Avenue and Twenty-fourth Street, but something had delayed him, and I was growing more and more impatient as I stood in the tempestuous throng that nearly hurried me off my feet. "What a stupid place for an appointment," I thought, "when there are so many pleasant cafés to wait in." And I decided never again to make an appointment in a crowded street. Just then there came one of those strange sudden pauses in the thickness of the traffic and I had a peculiarly free view of the bank building on the opposite corner. The sight amazed me. "Here I have been rambling up and down Fifth Avenue for years," I said to myself, "and yet I have never before thought of looking at this building! And such a good-looking building, too!" My thoughts continued along this line. And it occurred to me that I had never looked at any of the buildings of my native city, although in my travels abroad I had gone conscientiously about with Baedeker in hand and with eyes sedulously fixed upon façades and monuments. I began to examine the building before me more closely— bringing to it perforce the interest which I had quite naturally had for European structures. It suggested some half-effaced memory, something I had seen before—but where? I hunted among my recollections; and at last found what I was looking [179] The Masqueraders for. It was one of those Roman temples that lift their battered columns from the litter of the Forum; and the Bank was merely masquerading in its cast-off finery. Now, I love masquerades. I never miss one when I can help it. But I always rather pity the fellow who goes to one with his trousers peeping out from under a Greek peplum or a Roman toga. And those ugly little shops sticking out along the side of the Bank gave me quite the same impression. They didn't belong there. Or rather, on second thought, they did belong there and it was the architecture that did not. The shops were real, but the Roman columns and the resplendent cornice were frauds. They were only pretending to be something that they couldn't possibly be in reality. And incidentally they were making it impossible to light the top story of the building from the street. What a pity, I thought, to have gone to so great trouble with so futile a result! Think of wasting all this magnificence on an odd corner where hardly anyone ever stopped to look at it! By this time, my old friend had completely faded from my mind. This interest in the buildings of New York was a fresh and strange experience. I wondered if there were many other buildings of this sort to be seen thereabouts, and I startd to walk up the Avenue in search. At once the great, overhanging cornice of a tall structure two blocks away caught my eye. The cornice of a Florentine palace beyond a doubt; but what was it doing without the tile roof it should have carried? What was it doing here at all since the purpose of those great cornices was solely to shade the story below, and on the south side of this building—of all sides!—the cornice was omitted? The lower part of the building was queerer still. To look at it you would have sworn it was first built as an open arcade, and enclosed later when the rest of the building was placed on top of it. But I knew better.   I remembered when the thing had been put up by [180] Peter Minuit one of our greatest firms of silversmiths and I was certain it had all been built at one time. Why, then, the idea of making it look as if it had been patched and altered? True, there had been three architects, but surely they would not have worked out the different parts of their design without consulting one another. The problem was too deep for me. I gave it up and went my way. But my surprises were only beginning. A block above, a vast jeweler's shop confronted me, disguised as a Venetian palace that, as I well remembered, stood on the Grand Canal. I had been used to passing it in my gondola. And here again I noticed that the disguise failed to fit perfectly. In order to flush the store with light, they had cut away the wall to almost nothing and had even lanced away the filling over some of the arches with the result that they looked extremely weak and foolish. Moreover, to make a six-story building fit a three-story front, they had run their floors across below the arches, thereby completely ruining the already marred proportions. If only the floor lintels had been of dark colored metal as they were in the Bank, one might perhaps not have noticed the disfigurement; but unfortunately they were of gleaming marble and most conspicuous. The vast sheets of plate glass on the ground floor where the structure should have been most solid completed this stressing of the lack of unity between the building and its architecture. A few blocks beyond I found two more Florentine palaces, obviously copied from the one I had first seen. One of the palaces was a department store, another was a clothing shop; and the large show windows that both of them required for their business destroyed altogether the effect of the Florentine original. But another building opposite the Library filled me with genuine amazement. It was a phonograph shop. It had started to masquerade as something Spanish, and then changed [181] The Masqueraders its mind. This was most unfortunate, for while the Spanish details were not particularly fetching and the imitation tile roof that stuck out at the top was obviously a sham, to put in panels showing people in ancient Greek costume was really too much. I had a friend who could not decide whether to go to a dance as a pirate or as a sylph; so he had mixed the two together. There were a lot of other Italian palaces. On one block I found two of them, one a picture gallery with an ornate stone front, the other a shoe store done in marble and sgraffito. Nearby, a French house sheltered a jeweler's shop behind a black marble front, and the fruit store opposite had Greek columns in its window. Another jeweler's a few blocks away paraded a French design, with carved panels copied from the Carnavalet Museum, but it was topped off with an Italian cornice, and above it was another of those queer little tile roofs that start where the rear roof ends and stick out inquisitively over the sidewalk. I am sure they don't fool anybody, and yet you see so many of them! What do the architects do them for, I wonder? Altogether Italian palaces seem quite a favorite form of costume. You see quantities of them, sometimes cut to shreds by the plate-glass windows of department stores, sometimes stretched to hide the vast monotony of apartment houses fourteen stories high. Though I must admit that these dwellings look better than that other apartment house facing the Natural History Museum which has the whole façade of a Gothic Cathedral smeared across it and spilled even into its entrance vestibule. But to return to the Avenue. Some of the specimens I found there were really remarkable. For instance, there was one of our best clubs disguised as the Strozzi Palace in Florence. But there were little windows prodded in here and there, where they couldn't possibly give sufficient light and [182] Peter Minuit succeeded merely and deplorably in cutting up the wall. Also, there was an English antique dealer's shop which pretended to be a corner of the Place de la Concorde with two extra stories stuck on top of it by way of improvement. The French châteaux are popular, too—especially for millionaires' houses. In half a mile of the Avenue I found four of them, all striving to look like different parts of the single Château of Blois. And everyone knows the one on the Drive; that great square thing which masquerades as the Château of Chenonceaux. All that it lacks is the setting and the trees and the gardens and the gallery over the river and the old round tower to one side. All that it lacks is all that makes Chenonceaux perhaps the loveliest of the manors of Touraine. Of course not all our millionaires live in imitation French châteaux. One of them bought and demolished a public library to replace it with a cold, unfriendly English house, its rear garden to the street. Another dwells in a caricature of a well-known Beaux Arts projet for a gamblers' house; a third has a dainty bit of an Italian villa which he uses as a private library in connection with his old brownstone mansion. Our office buildings also suffer from the same mania for masquerade. One of the biggest is an imitation of some Gothic cathedral—Antwerp if I remember rightly; another is disguised as the Campanile of St. Mark's; others are imitation châteaux, palaces, or what-not; while one of them which begins plainly enough erupts suddenly at the top as a stone pyramid that resembles the tomb of an Egyptian king. The strangest thing, though, about these masqueraders is that they are for the most part about the best-looking buildings we have. A little ragtag and bobtail now and then, of course; but still very imposing when one thinks to look at them, and rather a relief from the usual monotony of square-brick, tin-cornice boxes. And mostly, too, they seem to have been expensively enough built, as if the owners could have [183] The Masqueraders had anything they wanted. So it surely was not lack of means that made them do so much copying. I wonder if it could have been lack of imagination. But I can hardly believe that. All my life I have been hearing what daring thinkers we Americans are. Surely a nation that was able to invent telephones isn't lacking in imagination. And yet our architects seem to have nothing to express—for you aren't expressing a thing merely by making it look like something else. What does it all mean? I have been wondering about it for some time. Is it the fault of the architects, after all? Or is it the fault of fellows like myself who live in a town for forty years without looking at the buildings around them? Perhaps if we took more interest in what the architects are doing, as we do with musicians and painters, we might get them to give us better work or at least work that is more expressive of the spirit of our times. Yes, there is something in that. 1 must ask an architect about it, the next time I meet one. [184] Mothers of Daughters By Edna Kenton THE lady, the servant, and the prostitute have been the three female types in fact and fiction for which we have to thank What Was; which was the most miserable social product no one can say, but until three-quarters of a century ago Clarissa, Pamela, and Moll Flanders composed the piping minor chord of the All-Womanly. Since then the female rebel has been threatening the foundations of life and plots. Life still survives. Recalling that Jane Eyre, an advanced young woman of 1847, is the great-grandmother of Anglo-Saxon revoltees in fiction, let us consider Mrs. Deland's The Rising Tide, (published by Harper and Brothers). In this latest bulletin on the present state of the woman movement, ladies still abound. There are no prostitutes save as they linger, unseen protagonists, taking their revenge in the idiocy of the dead Mr. Payton's son. But there is Flora, a poor darkey drudge whose all impelling sex-urge is sufficiently explained by her inferior race and servile state. And there is Fredericka, called in these latter scientific days, a "feminist." Fredericka, twenty-five years old in 1915, smokes boldly atop the crest of what Mrs. Deland calls the rising tide of woman's revolt. When its backwash annoys her she swears competently. She demands, in 1915, "the right to work." As a renting agent she goes with a young man to one of her vacant apartments and faces with him the indubitable but questionable facts of faulty traps with bright composure.  Pausing to [185] Mothers of Daughters instruct a working woman on the merits and technic of birth control, she loses a last owl car, and, like Clarissa in 1740 or thereabouts, is "compromised" by the innocent necessity of remaining under his concededly respectful care "all night" at an Inn. She faces "the facts of life—" there are many of them, but we all know what Mrs. Deland means when she calls it that. This book is clotted with an obscene fastidiousness.   Freddy does not drink. But she walks in suffrage parades, and, defending a striking picket, is arrested—ultra modern notes, these. She is rather an unpleasant young person; not, according to Mrs. Deland, very pretty, and quite lacking in "charm." She turns out to be "only a woman after all," but she carries her militancy into love, and makes the inexperienced mistake of proposing marriage to a young man who had been merely philandering. She proposes as most women novelists make their Women-Who-Dare propose—as men do not. "I love you; will you marry me, Howard?" says Fredericka. Only Mr. Shaw turned with deftness that trick of ultimate directness when he made Ann's seizing of John Tanner stand for the universal symbol of why men marry. Mrs. Deland acutely surmises that Arthur Weston, proposing marriage to Fredericka much later, would never in a world of uncertainties, propose that way. His love words, like those of men and womanly women, are floating feathers drifting with kindly or unkindly winds, not militant stones hurled through uncalculated cross currents by an arm forever doomed to bad aim through nature's blind, unkind sex differentiation in male and female collar bones. Freddy—repeatedly—lacks "charm." But her little cousin Laura has it. The toe of her tiny slipper peeps ever out from her pink tulle skirts. "One thinks of Laura and babies together." Laura always agrees with Howard. When Howard told Freddy he was taking up conchology, Freddy said shells weren't vital to civilization, but when he told Laura that [186] Edna Kenton science was the religion of the man of intellect, Laura said simply: "Yes, indeed, it is," which, as Howard delightedly commented, showed what kind of a mind she had. "See that dreadful person—is he drunk!" cries Laura, and adds, "It frightens me—I'm not sandy like Fred." As the terrible creature lurches against her, ah, how Howard was upset! "Laura had been scared and it was his fault.. .. He hardly slept that night with worry over having made Laura nervous." Thus masculine are those males who are in high retreat before the rising tide. "I'm glad poor old Fred is going to be married," says charming Laura in the final chapter, having achieved Howard and a baby by proposing, but so expertly as to spare all his prides. It is necessary to know Freddy's mother. Mrs. Payton's home on Payton street reads remotely. Its windows are smothered in plush and lambrequins; its carpets are scrolled and garlanded, and its oil paintings stare out from a boiling scum of gilt foliage. These bridal furnishings of the 1860's are almost new to-day. Fredericka's babble of feminism, birth control, votes for women, and health certificates for bridegrooms is like a newspaper the day after, dull indeed ; but Mrs. Payton's talk in 1915 is almost novel in its imbecile dignity. "... If Freddy was like her great aunt Adelaide—she just lived for her brother.. .. We children were never allowed to read secular books on Sunday.. .. When I was a young lady respect for my elders would have made such words impossible.. .. Rather different from the time when a young man asked a girl's parents if he might pay his addresses, isn't it?. .. When I was a young lady I used to receive Mr. Payton in the back parlor and Mama always sat in the front parlor.. .. When I was a young lady girls stayed indoors with their mothers... ." "When I was a young lady," says Mrs. Payton, and visions the ante-bellum days of delicacies and crinolines, and we too [187] Mothers of Daughters stand aghast with this sex-obsessed old woman before the abortion of her young married days of the 1860's—this cigarette-smoking, oathful young suffrage parader, aged twenty-five... . But Freddy, born in 1860, would be fifty-six to-day! Every age and movement is filtered sooner or later through some Rip-van-Winklian sieve. In a world dimpled with women lawyers since the '70's, one of Mrs. Payton's friends exclaims: "That nice Wharton child is going to study law if you please!" When Freddy considers nursing: "What!" says old Mrs. Holmes, accustomed since the Crimean war to Florence Nightingale's healthful innovations, "see a gentleman entirely undressed in his bed!" These women belong in Dicken's pages; spiritually Mrs. Payton is Freddy's grandmother, and a bosom friend of old Mrs. Nickelby. Had a crazy old man in Payton street tossed her cucumbers over a restraining wall, she would have duplicated her Nickelby's state of flattered, delicate distress. Mrs. Deland stands convicted of having mixed her generations badly. In actual point of time Mrs. Payton was a young married woman of the early '90's, a young lady of the late '8o's. As Miss Ellen Holmes she wore "Patience" hats, and sang sweetly to her young gentleman callers of: A greenery-yallery Grosvenor gallery Foot-in-the-grave young man. She was Yum-yum or Pitti-sing in her church guild's amateur performance of The Mikado. Many of her friends— some of her aunts—were Vassar graduates. Others were students at the Philadelphia Woman's Medical School, or already embarked on serious careers in law or divinity. Neither she nor her girl friends were "staying indoors with their mothers." They were taking Delsarte, playing tennis, and riding their bicycles, some already in divided skirts and "rationals," for the Jenness-Miller cult was abroad in the land. As a very [?88] Edna Kenton young lady she read Ghosts, A Doll's House, Daisy Miller, The Story of an African Farm, and Diana of the Crossways. Mrs. Payton, had she been worth writing about, would have been a contemporary young lady heroine with all these thrilling "new women." A few years later, with Freddy playing on the floor at her feet, she read The Heavenly Twins, The Yellow Aster, The Woman Who Did, The Odd Women, The Emancipated, Magda, and Dodo, not to mention Tess of the D'Urvervilles, Jude the Obscure, The Damnation of Theron Ware, and George Egerton. A few years later and she could have read The Awkward Age, with advantage, for Henry James sensed in the 1890's through the eyes of a quaint but open-minded Rip van Winkle by the way, the revolution sweeping through not only the daughters but the mothers of that decade. Mrs. Brookenham controlled the parental relation by several refined laws, the spirit of which was to guard against the vulgarity so often coming to the surface between parent and child. "Why should I ask Nanda any questions?" demanded Nanda's mother, "when I want her life to be as much as possible like my own. I think it's so vulgar not to have the same good manners with one's children as one has with other people." And Mr. Benson's Dodo, who smoked and swore charmingly through the charming Eigh-teen-Eighty-Nineties, and whose Nadine (see Dodo's Daughter) woke to life with Fredericka in 1890, held that same new respect for her daughter's soul. Published in 1870, just after Mrs. Deland had read with conservative reactions Mr. Mills on The Subjection of Women, The Rising Tide, its title no misnomer then, might have seemed a lifeline tossed into a roaring surf. Mrs. Pay-ton would have bloomed to brighter foolishness in that period still given over to neurotic worship of self-sacrifice, and Freddy would have been then what she is not to-day, "modern" in her swaggerings through Payton street, "drunk with [189] Mothers of Daughters the sudden sense of freedom," humorless, a man-hater, a daredevil, at once the New Heroine and the Horrible Example. To-day she is neither. She is a scarecrow with a sign dictated by her grandmother which flaps upon her back: "I don't wonder you are not married—no man would be such a fool as to ask you, a girl who cheapens herself by locking herself up in empty flats with any young mam she happens to meet—you, why you're not a lady. You are as plain as a pikestaff, and you have no manners and no sense and no heart—you've nothing but cleverness, which is about as attractive to a man as a hair shirt! Maria Spencer told me she expected you would be ruined, but I said that I would think better of you if you were capable of being ruined, or if anybody wanted to ruin you. You are not a woman; you are a suffragist. That's why you haven't any charm, not a particle!" This then is the rather materialistic warning of The Rising Tide: Girls, be careful. It is cheap and unwomanly to propose to the man you love. But: It is charming and womanly to propose to him if he doesn't guess in time what you are about. Yet: "For a girl to love a man unasked is neither ignoble nor immodest." But: "Reluctance in the woman makes for permanence in the man." Shades of Mrs. Bar-bauld and all the idealists who refuse to go back of words for meanings! This sort of thing too openly rates the intelligence of men too low.  For men too have risen with the rising tide. What is the matter with Fredericka! Aside from Mrs. Pay-ton, a mere physical accident, she had a number of fine mothers in those sister heroines of Mrs. Payton's young womanhood. Mrs. Alving was one who, in Ghosts tore to shreds a home of sin that Mrs. Payton put breathlessly together and lived in not entirely to her shame. Nora was another, whose deserted doll's house Howard and Laura took bride's possession of. Lyn on her African farm was another, a sombre rebel who lost her life but who, in losing, lived it.   "Men and things [1 90] Edna Kenton are plastic," she said. "They part to the right and left when one comes among them moving in a straight line." Diana of the Crossways and Carinthia of The Amazing Marriage were two others, Carinthia the freest spirit of them all. Until these mothers of Fredericka came, self-sacrifice and duty exalted to fetishes for womanly women had blackened plots and had made countless heroines criminals to morality. But these women all held a new faith, the faith of the hedonists, of the anarchs. Self-sacrifice is nothing; self-development is all. Nora slammed her door on motherhood. Mrs. Alving opened her house to incest. Evadne, in The Heavenly Twins, discovered her husband's "past" on her wedding day and did not keep silent about it as Mrs. Payton did. Her very frank talk on topics that Brieux has since dealt with so thoroughly raised a deal of counter talk in the early '90's. Furthermore Angelica, one of the heavenly twins, proposed marriage to and was accepted by a very flattered man. Gwen, the Yellow Aster, and Dodo talked "sex" in all its franknesses a generation before Fredericka began to lay aside her seven veils. The Woman Who Did lived with her lover and bore him a child, but being a Puritan she did this religiously and without joy. Magda said simply: "What I do is right because I do it. I am what I am and I cannot be another. We must sin if we wish to grow." These rebel women, mothers of Fredericka, are among those who helped to clarify the woman movement and thereby make it dangerous. Jane Eyre began the long series of repudiations of the moralities that has built it into power. "We must sin if we wish to grow," said Magda. ... As Norah sinned when she went away; as Mrs. Alving sinned when she determined to give Regina to her son. This side of the woman movement is what the timid hold to be dangerous in it, and it is to be noted that The Rising Tide has not one word to say of this superbly terrible side of it.  Fredericka is not a worthy [191] Mothers of Daughters daughter of her rebel mothers. And she is foredoomed, for with a severity characteristic of the Victorian Matrons' Authors' Lodge, Mrs. Deland denies Fredericka love. In the end she is conceded a legalized sex relationship with a tired, disillusioned, middle-aged man who dislikes Fredericka almost as much as he likes her. But he too has suffered, so Fredericka surrenders herself to the womanliness of pity, another hostage to the ideals. Thus she lives, proving the immense sadness of revolt. [192] The Strong Young Modern By James Oppenheim RECENTLY one of our strong young moderns made a frontal attack on Utopia. He showed an appetite for "reality" which was immense and satisfying. He showed likewise that he was a disciple of H. G. Wells, who believes not in contorting and twisting the facts of life so that they fit into a vision, but in accepting the facts, breaking them open, following their inside possibilities, and constructing a vision out of them. This is a courageous asking of courage, and the picture presented is of a man of tough nervous system, whose feet know the earth, and who refuses to accept the stars save from a spectroscopic standpoint. In short, we have the picture of a de-sentimentalized Liberal. "What's to be done now?" he asks, and adds, "You cannot legislate for a hundred years hence. Life changes, and we don't know what our de-scendents may need. Let us turn to the instant pressure, take it, see what we can do. And let us abolish the Utopia phantasy, raze it out of the minds and hearts of men. Let us, in short, be realists." My dear Walter Lippmann! Don't you know that your scheme is both Utopian and idealistic? You might as well decide to abolish fairy-tales for children. For fairy-tales are not something which parents have presented to children, but something children have presented to parents. If you abolished fairy-tales, rooted them out to the last Grimm tale, children would merely create them all over again : not out of perversity, but out of need, the need of the symbol.  The child's [193] The Strong Young Modern desire outstrips immeasurably his power, and since this desire, a dynamic force, can have no adequate outlet in reality, it takes the road of phantasy. But more is gained than an outlet, a safety valve: there is gained a picture that attracts the child toward growth, toward heroism, and power, and manhood. He identifies himself with the Prince, he takes on the mantle of the Hero. Now of course, this is a childish mechanism for getting ahead. It would be better if he could measure what was actually possible, now and in his child's state. But since he can't, what are we going to do about it? Utopia-vision and the fairy-tale belong to the same category, and spring from the same needs. For the truth of the matter is that most people are childish and undeveloped, and you can no more take their Utopias, heavens, holy Maries, resurrections and immortality from them, than you can ask them to write H. G. Wells novels. Their real need produces the symbol which sustains them, and not only sustains them, but is actually a bridge toward maturity. For the Cross or the Crescent, or the Socialist State, for Nationality and the Flag, for the Home—or any symbol you will that has sprung from and stirred the heart of the race—men have suffered, struggled, created and died in a discipline which has given us the best human nature we have. If you could abolish all the utopia-drive of the past, you would blot out the host of the great. Fired by a false dream, they that bore us achieved a true growth. Who then can deny the pragmatic value of Utopias? And cannot we truly say that the symbol was merely a convenient focusing point, an object outside of self by which a man could take hold on the future and so surpass what he was?  He raised himself by an idea. Curiously enough the symbol is not only the essence of art: it is the essence of science. It is the mechanism through which we can advance.  Faust and the Superman are artistic symbols [194] James Oppenheim of human possibilities: patterns to which we may attempt to mould ourselves. But no less a symbol is the theory of the conservation of energy, or the postulates of the atom, the electron, the evolution of species. Each of these is something ex-perientially unprovable: merely convenient focal points by which we may think and live. Their dynamic value is vitally great, just because of the vistas opened, the possibilities disclosed. "Evolution" as knowledge means nothing to us: as a basis for philosophy or religion it means a right-about-face toward life. It means finally "conscious evolution"—the making of life, the direction and control of it. And of course our strong young modern wouldn't abolish all these symbols: he would merely abolish those which are more remote. Well, he is right when it comes to himself, perhaps, and all strong young moderns. To be able to dispense with heaven and survival after death and the dream of heaven on Earth shows that a certain stage of growth is reached, and that a hero has emerged. But since so few of us have reached this stage of growth, since the mass of mankind is still merely these children, these pitifully blind, overworked, overwrought and needy beings, these desirers and seekers who need so greatly and find so meagerly, our demand that they cease to be childish will be of little avail. They may promise faithfully, but let a Billy Sunday appear, or a Bill Haywood, or the Day of Armageddon, or Defense of Liberty and England or the Fatherland, and they will flock to the dream. And not only they, my strong young modern: but certain others who seemed so much above such things! Have we not seen this happen in the present war? Have not tough-minded gone maudlin, even as the tender-minded were, ever and ever? And if we really want, right now, to be non-utopian and realistic, yes, if we really want to face the facts of life, shall we not have to allow Utopias to others? [195] Latest andMost Interesting Books JOHN COWPER POWYS author of wood and stone visions—revisions. wolfs bane: etc suspended judgments— ESSAYS ON BOOKSAND SENSATIONS - $2.00 Despite the unanimous verdict of the criticism proclaiming Mr.Powys A new novelist cf great power thet Publisher-insists that he is at his best as an essayist and that his book is by far the best MrPowys has yet »ritten. RODMO OR. A shorter book than "Wood and Stone" and one of the  old thrilling romanitic order. It is dedocated to the spirit of Emily Bronte and is strongly reminiscent of this famous author. $ 150 ONE HUNDRED BEST BOOKS This little book is the best possible list of suggested readings of those who attend Mr. Powy's Lectures everywhere.. ALL BOOKS BY JOHN COWPER POWYS and any book mentioned in. MrPowys' Lectures can be obtained at ANY GOOD BOOKSTORE OR DIRECT MAIL FROM G. Arnold Shaw 'Publisher. New York.. Why Not Consider Your Friends ? There has been a remarkable demand for the first number of The Seven Arts, which proves conclusively that the field which The Seven Arts has entered, is a live and useful one. To broaden this field we must depend on the cooperation of our already loyal friends. If you have a discriminating friend who is not yet a reader of The Seven Arts, won't you please send his name to the Business Manager, and we will mail him a sample copy. Consider your friends, and send a name today lest you forget.   Thank you. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. 132 Madison Ave. New York Arresting Your Attention: A novvel that has received more favorable criticisms than any of this season's books. CASUALS OF THE SEA.—By William McFee Casuals of the Sea" is more than a story. It is self-expression, poignant, contained. Its sincerity is profound. In all of it there is the desire to capture reality, and the capture of it. It is a book that despite faults and immaturities is the work of a creator.   It goes into the highest category of the novel.—The New Republic.   Net, $1.50 Garden City DOUBLE DAY,   PAGE   And COMPANY New York If this number of The Seven Arts appeals to you, why not become a regular subscriber? THE  SEVEN ARTS 132   Madison  Avenue,   New York I enclose $2.50 by (check) (cash) (money order) for one year's subscription to "The Seven Arts". Name Address SEE THESE AT YOUR BOOKSELLERS On the Art of Writing By Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch     12°. $1.50 "If the author had written nothing but the one chapter on 'Jargon', the book would be well worth reading by any would-be writer. It is a powerful plea for simplicity, for the abandonment of the jungle of florid expression with which so many of the inexperienced attempt to hide what might be real vigor and force, but which to their untrained minds appear only rude nakedness. But the other chapters are just as good, and the reading and writing public is to be congratulated on being permitted to share them."—Telegraph, Phila. Collected Poems By Arthur Peterson 12°. $1.25 "There are many things which poetry now struggles to be that we do not find in the metrical writings of Arthur Peterson, but we do find themes poetical in themselves, and we find everywhere the sound, manly common-sense which distinguished the earlier generation of American poets."—Richard Henry Stoddard. G. P. PUTNAM'S SONS New York London 2 West 45th St. 24 Bedford St. Just West of 5th Ave. Strand Montessori Classes and Primary for children from 2 to 8 years old The aim of this school is to develop each child's personality as a basis for social conciousness. Emphasis is placed on creative self-expression through music, drawing, dancing, carpentry, etc. Special afternoon play-hours for children of 2 and 3 years. Write for booklet. Miss Margaret Naumburg Miss Irene Tasker, Associate Tel. 4894 Plaza 17 East 60th Street New York BOBBS-MERRILL    PUBLICATIÏÍS BROWNING: HOW TO KNOW HIM By William Lyon Phelps Lampson Professor of English, Yale University "Not for many years has any work on Browning been published which is likely to reach with effect so wide an audience as this book of Professor Phelps'."—New York Times. Frontispiece portrait.   $1.25 net CARLYLE: HOW TO KNOW HIM By Bliss Perry Professor of English, Harvard University "No one who wishes to obtain a clear view and understanding of the  Scotch philosopher can do better than by reading Carlyle: How tï Know Him.    The book is a marvel of judicious compression."—Boston Transcript. Frontispiece portrait. $1.25 net DEFOE: HOW TO KNOW HIM By William P. Trent Professor Trent is the greatest living authority on Defoe and his work. This study makes the man real and destroys the popular conception of Defoe as a one-book author. Any reader will find in these carefully chosen, these amply presented selections from Defoe's writings much that he can find only with difficulty elsewhere. Frontispiece portrait. $1.25 net THE HOOSIER EOOK OF RILEY VERSE By James Whitcomb Riley Ever since the publication of Riley's non-dialect verse in one volume—The Lockerbie Book— there have been calls for a companion book containing the dialect verse,—The Hoosier Book of Riley Verse was prepared. Printed on thin Paper. Cloth. $2.00 net. Full Limp Morocco, $3.00 net. Hoosier Book and Lockerbie Book in One Case. Cloth. $4.00 net; Morocco, $6.00 net. STEVENSON: HOW TO KNOW HIM By Richard Ashley Rice More interesting even than his book is the romantic personality of R. L. S. How to know him as he grew into manhood and wrote letters, poetry, essays and romances is the task so well executed in this new volume of a most useful series of books. Frontispiece portrait. $1.25 net ARMS AND THE BOY By Colonel L. R. Gignilliat Gives detailed information in regard to the national and personal benefits of military training, the methods of its introduction and application, and its proper relation to the academic course. It is written by the one American of fullest experience and most expert, first-hand knowledge. Jacket drawing in full color.. $1.50 net FRANCE By Laurence Jerrold This book gives a complete cross-section view of France today—not only military affairs, but the background of history and geography, the people, politics, society, the churches, the soil, the leaders. It is packed with first-hand observations, inside knowledge, balanced opinions, little known and pregnant facts, brilliant portraits. Sumptuously bound. Lavishly and beautifully illustrated. $3.00 net WHAT THE STARS SAW By Caroline Kellogg Told with beautiful simplicity and with complete appreciation of a child's point of view and his liking for the concrete and picturesque. They are stories from the life of Jesus Christ—many of them directly connected with children and all of them being given the domestic atmosphere into which it is easy to lead little folk. Illustrated bv Harold Speakman. $1.00 At All Bookstores or from the Publishers 185 Madison Ave., New York THE BOBBS-MERRILL CO. University Square Indianapolis Dodd, Mead And Company's Latest Books All Prices Net The Wrack of the Storm By MAURICE MAETERLINCK "... some of the most idealistic and beautiful things that have been written about the war. .. born out of the war itself, a sort of exquisite flowering from its horrors. But there—one would have to be a poet oneself to describe it."—N. P. D. in The Globe, New York. Cloth, $1.50. Limp Leather, $1.75. Henry James     2nd edition A Critical Study By FORD MADOX HUEFFER A discussion of his personality and work by a competent and entertaining critic. Frontispiece portrait.   8vo. $2.00. Appreciations of Poetry By LAFCADIO HEARN These wonderful criticisms of the masterpieces of English poetry in book form for the first time—a rare literary treat. $3.00. The Advance of the English Novel   3rd edition By WILLIAM LYON PHELPS Lampson Professor of English Literature at Yale University "Sound criticism, delightfully phrased—would that poetry and the drama had critics as informed, judicious, and talented as the art of fiction has in William Lyon Phelps."—Neiv York Times Book Review. $1.50. Our handsome, illustrated catalogue describes fully these and many other valuable books May we send you a copy ? Dodd, Mead and Company, 443 Fourth Avenue, New York Frederick KEPPEL AND Co. ETCHINGS BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER MERYON HADEN,ZORN and other masters on exhibition in our galleries 4 EaST 39 St New YoRK MANUFACTURERS Artist Canvas, Easels, Oil Colors, Tempera Colors, Water Colors, Artist Materials finest make. Masterful designed frame mouldings for 1917 that are plus par excellence, possessing strong attractive carrying lines, at prices that will appeal to you. Now on exhibition at our shop. E. H. and A. C. Friedrichs Co. 169 West 57th Street ESTABLISHED 1868