Others , made OTHERS Vol. 5 December, 1918 No. 1 Poems By Sandburg, Ridge, Loy, Stevens, Seiffert, Hay, Saphier, Morgan, D'Orge, Kreymborg, Dean, Carr; Irrational Verse, by Brownell. Editor, Alfred Kreymborg Associate Editors, Lola Ridge, William Saphier, Dorothy Kreymborg. 20 cents per copy 2 dollars per year THE WASHINGTON SQUARE BOOKSHOP 17 West 8th Street, New York #### THE newest issue of Others brings a recrudescence of the magazine as a monthly publication. The present policy will merely carry on the old, under the initial motto: "The old expressions are with us always, and there are always others." For the time being, the only added feature is the embodiment of a prose department, to be supplemented later, if feasible, by departments for plays, music and art. The subscription price has of necessity been raised to two dollars, single issues to twenty cents. Old subscribers (patient souls they) will continue to receive numbers up to the hour of subscription expiration. Tons of manuscript which have accumulated during the hiatus of non-publication are being sorted for acceptance or return. The new policy promises a new regime in this regard. To add that Others continues a non-paying affair approaches the tautological. It has been said in many places that the contributors to Others (magazine or anthologies) are members of a group, a school. This is not true. Collectively or separately, they eschew everything which approximates is-mism. Any one is free to come in or stay out of the magazine, subject of course to the none-too-infallible judgment of the editors. The curriculum is taboo; the only question asked is: "Does a man express himself, and if so, how well?" If the editors escape seeing or hearing some worthy, set it down to temporary incapacity on their part, and pray for their early recovery. They do not sit on judicial or pedantic pedestals; primarily, they ask that they be permitted to evolve their own individualism, if they possess any, and to permit other folk to evolve theirs. They are editors in name only. ##Page 2 Carl Sandburg Others I tried the door— Nobody home. I waited on the roof— Nobody home. At night, Twice I looked up— And your windows dark— Nobody home. ##Others lola ridge Page 3 THE WOMAN WITH JEWELS The woman with jewels sits in the cafe, Spraying light like a fountain. Diamonds glitter on her bulbous fingers And on her arms, great as thighs; Diamonds gush from her ear-lobes over the goiterous throat. She is obesely beautiful. Her eyes are full of murky lights, Like little pools of tar, spilled by a sailor in mad haste for shore. And her mouth is scarlet and full—only a little crumpled, Like a flower that has been pressed apart. Why does she come alone to this obscure basement— She who should have a litter and hand-maidens To support her on either side? She ascends the stairway, and the waiters turn to look at her, spilling the soup. The black satin dress is a little lifted, Showing the dropsical legs in their silken fleshings. . . The mountainous breasts tremble. . . There is an agitation in her gems, that quiver incessantly emitting trillions of fiery rays. . . She erupts explosive breaths. . . Every step is an adventure. . . .... from this The serpent's tooth Saved Cleopatra. ##Others lola ridge Page 4 BLOSSOMS Charge the blast furnace, workman, Open the valves, Drive the fires high. (Night is above the gates.) How golden-hot the ore is From the cupola spurting, Tossing the flaming petals Over the silt and the furnace ash. . . Blown leaves devastating, Falling about the world. . . Out of the furnace mouth— Out of the giant mouth— The raging turgid mouth— Fall fiery blossoms, Gold with the gold of buttercups In a field at sunset, Or huskier gold of dandelions Warmed in sun-leavings, Or changing to the paler hue At the creamy hearts of primroses. Charge the converter, workman— Tired from the long night? But the earth shall suck up darkness, The earth that holds so much. . . And out of these molten flowers Shall shape the heavy fruit. . . Then open the valves, Drive the fires high, Your blossoms nurturing. (Day is at the gates And a young wind. . . ) ##Page 5 Lola ridge Others Put by your rod, comrade, And look with me, shading your eyes Do you not see — Through the lucent haze Out of the converter rising— In the spirals of fire Smiting and blinding, A shadowy shape, White as a flame of sacrifice, Like a lily swaying? ##Others mina loy Page 6 THE BLACK VIRGINITY Baby Priests On green sward Yew-closed Scuttle to sunbeams Silk beaver Rhythm of redemption Fluttering of Breviaries Fluted black silk cloaks Hung square from shoulders Troncated juvenility Uniform segration Union in severity Modulation Intimidation Pride of misapprehended preparation Ebony statues training for immobility Aenaemic jawed Wise saw to one another Prettily the little ones Gesticulate benignly upon one another in the sun buzz— Finger and thumb circles postulate pulpits Profiles forsworn to Donatello Munching tall talk vestral shop Evangelical snobs Uneasy dreaming In hermetically-sealed dormitories Not of me or you Sister Saraminta Of no more or less Than the fit of Pope's mitres ##Page 7 mina Loy Others It is an old religion that put us in our places Here am I in lilac print Preposterously no less than the world flesh and devil Having no more idea what those are What I am Than Baby Priests of what "He" is or they are— Messianic mites tripping measured latin ring-a-roses Subjuguted adolescence Retraces loose steps to furling of Breviaries In broiling shadows The last with apostolic lurch Tries for a high hung fruit And misses Any way it is inedible It is always thus In the Public Garden. Parallel lines An old man Eyeing a white muslin girl's school And all this As pleasant as bewildering Would not eventually meet I am for ever bewildered Old men are often grown greedy— What nonsense It is noon And salvation's seedlings Are headed off for the refectory. ##Others marjorie allen seiffert Page 8 DEATH This silent summer afternoon Even the buzzing flies are still, And the weary curtains lean to sleep Upon the window-sill. Across the floor the sun-rays creep And they will reach the doorway soon, The town, the street, the house, are dead— The pictures watch me, but they keep Immobile lest I raise my head. The room is willing me to die, Hush upon hush it smothers me, While unseen forces drain me dry Of will, and nothingness is bound Over my body, round and round. I have no wish to struggle free— Outside the door, and down the hall, And down the street, and out of town, The yellow sun is shining down On nothingness—And that is all. There is no difference, there or here, Beyond the swinging gate of breath There is no change to hope or fear, If this is life, there is no death. ##Others Wallace stevens Page 9 LE MONOCLE DE MON ONCLE I "Mother of heaven, regina of the clouds, O sceptre of the sun, crown of the moon, There is not nothing, no, no, never nothing, Like the clashed edges of two words that kill." And so I mocked her in magnificent measure. Or was it that I mocked myself alone? I wish that I might be a thinking stone. The sea of spuming thought foists up again The radiant bubble that she was. And then A deep up-pouring from some saltier well Within me, bursts its watery syllable. II. A red bird flies across the golden floor. It is a red bird that seeks out his choir Among the choirs of wind and wet and wing. A torrent will fall from him when he 6nds. Shall I uncrumple this much-crumpled thing? I am a man of fortune greeting heirs; For it has come that thus I greet the spring. These choirs of welcome choir for me farewell. No spring can follow past meridian. Yet you persist with anecdotal bliss To make believe a starry connaissance. III. Is it for nothing, then, that old Chinese Sat tittivating by their mountain pools Or in the Yangste studied out their beards? I shall not play the flat historic scale. You know how Utamaro's beauties sought The end of love in their all-speaking braids. You know the mountainous coiffures of Bath. Alas! Have all the barbers lived in vain That not one curl in nature has survived? Why, without pity on these studious ghosts, Do you come dripping in your hair from sleep? ##Page 10 Wallace stevens Others IV. This luscious and impeccable fruit of life Falls, it appears, of its own weight to earth. When you were Eve, its acrid juice was sweet, Untasted, in its heavenly, orchard air— An apple serves as well as any skull To be the book in which to read a round, And is as excellent, in that it is composed Of what, like skulls, comes rotting back to ground. But it excels in this that as the fruit Of love, it is a book too mad to read Before one merely reads to pass the time. V. In the high West there burns a furious star. It is for fiery boys that star was set And for sweet-smelling virgins close to them. The measure of the intensity of love Is measure, also, of the verve of earth. For me, the firefly's quick, electric stroke Ticks tediously the time of one more year. And you? Remember how the crickets came Out of their mother grass, like little kin In the pale nights, when your first imagery Found inklings of your bond to all that dust. VI. If men at forty will be painting lakes The ephemeral blues must merge for them in one, The basic slate, the universal hue. There is a substance in us that prevails. But in oar amours amorists discern Such fluctuations that their scrivening Is breathless to attend each quirky turn. When amorists grow bald, then amours shrink Into the compass and curriculum Of introspective exiles, lecturing. It is a theme for Hyacinth alone. ##Others Wallace stevens Page 11 VII. The mules that angels ride come slowly down The blazing passes, from beyond the sun. Descensions of their tinkling bells arrive. These muleteers are dainty of their way. Meantime, centurions guffaw and beat Their shrilling tankards on the table-boards. This parable, in sense, amounts to this: The honey of heaven may or may not come, But that of earth both comes and goes at once. Suppose these couriers brought amid their train A damsel heightened by eternal bloom. VIII. Like a dull scholar, I behold, in love, An ancient aspect touching a new mind. It comes, it blooms, it bears its fruit and dies. This trivial trope reveals a way of truth. Our bloom is gone. We are the fruit thereof. Two golden gourds distended on our vines, We hang like warty squashes, streaked and rayed, Into the autumn weather, splashed with frost, Distorted by hale fatness, turned grotesque. The laughing sky will see the two of us Washed into rinds by rotting winter rains. IX. In verses wild with motion, full of din, Loudened by cries, by clashes, quick and sure As the deadly thought of men accomplishing Their curious fates in war, come, celebrate The faith of forty, ward of Cupido. Most venerable heart, the lustiest conceit Is not too lusty for your broadening. I quiz all sounds, all thoughts, all everything For the music and manner of the paladins To make oblation fit. Where shall I find Bravura adequate to this great hymn? ##Page 12 Wallace stevens Others X. The fops of fancy in their poems leave Memorabilia of the mystic spouts, Spontaneously watering their gritty soils. I am a yeoman, as such fellows go. I know no magic trees, no balmy boughs, No silver-ruddy, gold-vermilion fruits. But, after all, I know a tree that bears A semblance to the thing I have in mind. It stands gigantic, with a certain tip To which all birds come sometime in their time. But when they go that tip still tips the tree. XI. If sex were all, then every trembling hand Could make us squeak, like dolls, the wished-for words. But note the unconscionable treachery of fate, That makes us weep, laugh, grunt and groan, and shout Doleful heroics, pinching gestures forth From madness or delight, without regard To that first, foremost law. Anguishing hour! Last night, we sat beside a pool of pink, Clippered with lilies, scudding the bright chromes, Keen to the point of starlight, while a frog Boomed from his very belly, odious chords. XII. A blue pigeon it is, that circles the blue sky, On side-long wing, around and round and round. A white pigeon it is, that flutters to the ground, Grown tired of flight. Like a dark rabbi, I Observed, when young, the nature of mankind, In lordly study. Every day, I found Man proved a gobbet in my mincing world. Like a rose rabbi, later, I pursued, And still pursue, the origin and course Of love, but until now I never knew That fluttering things have so distinct a shade. ##Page 13 Elijah hay Others THE KING SENDS THREE CATS TO GUENEVERE Queen Guenevere Three sleek and silent cats Bring you gifts from me. The first is a grey one, (I wanted a white one— I could not find one snowy-white enough, Queen Guenevere), He brings you purple grapes. The second is a grey one, (I wanted a sleek one, Where could I find one sleek enough Queen Guenevere?) He brings you a red apple. The third one, too, is grey, (I wanted a black one, Not hate itself could find one black enough Queen Guenevere) He brings you poison toadstools. I send you three grey cats with gifts— (For uniformity of metaphor, Since Bacchus, Satan and the Hangman Are not contemporaneous in my mythology) I send you three grey cats with gifts Queen Guenevere, To warn you sleekly, silently, To pay the forfeit. ##Others william saphier Page 14 CHILDHOOD MEMORIES Those years are foliage of trees, Their trunks hidden by bushes; Behind them a grey haze topped with silver Hides the swinging steps of my first love, The Danube. On its face, Grave steel palaces with smoking torches Paraded slowly to the Black Sea, Till the bared branches scratched the north wind. On its bed, A great Leviathan waited For the ceremonies on the arrival of Messiah, And bobbing small fishes snapped sun-splinters For the pleasure of the monster. Along its shores, Red-capped little hours danced With rainbow-colored kites, Messengers to heaven. My memory is a sigh— Of swallows swinging Through a slow dormant summer To a timid line on the horizon. ##Page 15 Emanuel morgan Others WILD Seen from the train, Through the arch of a little stone bridge, A hundred feet away A leopard of landscape Crept by, Swift and living, TAME Afterwards I realized That what I had seen from the car-window Was not a bee slowly oozing into a square white hive But a boy leaving spring behind him At the door of a school. NEW Tree after tree with a mist of new leaves. . . A white-backed flicker Dipping across a field of old corn To a new field. . . In a doorway a baby Flashing against the iron of the world A new smile. . . Between two ties of the track, Undoing with its brief gold All the vaults of the earth, A single dandelion. OLD I shall be living on the sun, Not under it, When it has cooled its round burning To a chain of volcanoes, Its blind, fierce isolation To faint-eyed multitudes Of me. ##Others emanuel morgan Page 16 BARE This veil Of lavender and dawn Floats off Invisible, And this of purple noon Unwinds in wisdom, And this of evening Twitters, undulates, Dips, darts, And this of night Circles around me singing To the very edge and presence of the crescent moon— And brushes the tip Like lips Three times. DEAD I press my cheek upon the cheek of the desirable dead; Stretching my legs among their legs, Filling my hands with their fingers Of sand. And the waves come in— Alive. ##Others jeanne d'orge Page 17 JOY He swings upon the high green boughs of life Up to the stars and down. Curious about the noisy earth He parts the leaves to look. He has the face of a child Aloof and whimsical Hearing the slow complaint Of rheumatism and old age. Mischief clears the puzzled brows He shakes the tree. . . . . Oh the glittering scented shower. . . . Oh the enraptured quiet. . . . ##Page 18 Alfred kreymborg Others MIDNIGHT CAPRICE Prisoner there, I would bring you— what is it?— what shall I call it?— no, midnight between us, scarce any feeling can find you. Ah, I have a light in me— where is the light in me?— and you have a light in you— haven't you a light in you?— but the corridor— where is the corridor?— however I call or you yearn, is there a corridor? I could sneak you a thought— would the gaoler see a thought?— which might reach—what is it?— the chink in you? Even so— what thought has a body, knees, arms, hands, a mouth?— has thought a body, can thought touch thought?— nor can I find the chink in me— have I a chink in me? Prisoner there, sing you to yourself, sing I to myself— this be our courtship! Nay, I came from the cell of a woman once— ##Others Alfred kreymborg Page 19 she had a light in her— she had a corridor— she sneaked me out to me— was the gaoler away? Even so— what body has a thought to remember that?— or how it was done?— and how to do it again? — were I mother to myself, could I do it?— ah, were I mother to myself, and you father to yourself— is that our corridor? Prisoner there— look— can you see from where you are?— have you a sorrow?— is that your sorrow, silver hood and silver cloak, dainty hands and dainty feet, dancing a slow step with mine?— what a happy movement now!— one can fairly hear a gigue! Or has that fop of a moon— come through a flimsy cloud— like a rider through a hoop— for another caprice with the stars?— foppery courts frippery? Even so, cannot ever sorrows meet? ##Page 20 Harriet dean Others I. A dry-colored vine Rains Against brick on this autumn night. It would hold me but for a black smoking river I have known. II. I paddle on a stream and feel upon it a memory; soft drinking muzzle of distant far-running deer. I know the gentle abandon of long grasses in dark streams. Under my canoe their long-lifted fingers seek to hold me—persuasive—. III. In my heart, the love-lanterns I hung for you are dark. Little cruelties crept in and blew them out. IV. His eyes are feeble hands Not strong nor white enough to lay on beauty. He only tampers with her Gracious body. He leans to me To steal the lover's trick of turning all Hand-glances to account. But My hands are deep in lid-pockets. ##Others daphne carr Page 21 TRIFLES I have gathered wild roses by the roadside, I have stolen cherries from my neighbors, I have ridden gay young horses, I have laughed till my eyes were wet; I have paddled under the willows, I have danced till the lights melted into dawn, I have smuttied my nose smelling tiger-lilies; I have struggled breast to breast with a foaming sea, And half drowned in its rush; I have taken kisses in the dark; Tell me: What else is good? AMOUR FEMININE If you could call star girls down from the sky you might not love me; If you had the wind for a sword and the sun for a battle-axe I might not love you. ##Page 22 baker brownell Others IRRATIONAL VERSE Though not an "other"—their crankiness would repudiate me—I can still find value in their verse and evil in L. U.'s criticism, '"Others" and Others' of March 16, New Republic. Because I am not an "other" and am undisturbed by twisted visions of words, let me quite seriously explain them. Their lack of 'Whitmanship,' failures in comparison, in comparison, say, with others or with L. U.'s ideal poet, is hardly good basis of criticism, for poets like most aesthetic things are not comparable entities. The rule to judge attainment by the poet's attempt—not, for example, to derogate Spoon River because the Iliad has been written—is only fair enough, in any case fair enough in technical problems. But "others" are purely technical problems—this is my guess—technical in concerning themselves with limited and intimate matters of workmanship and with effects where value is merely the accomplishment distinct from ulterior social result. Considered quite objectively, as a grotesque shell kicked up on the beach, without comparisons or preconceived poetry in mind, "others" without doubt have a thrust and impression. Some of this may be queerness, contrast with unforgotten, intelligible verse, but more of it is intrinsic in the "others" themselves, and more a matter of sound than of meaning. I should guess that "others" are etudes in cadence and word tone, experiments in the sound values of words intentionally segregated from the logical sequences of grammar. ##Others baker brownell Page 23 This objective treatment of words is new. A treatment of words merely as sound materials, sensory stuff so to speak, divorced from all intelligible meaning except sound and rhythmic connotations is successful only so far as the poet can make his reader forget the general conceptions and images organized about a word and prod him vividly with its intimate and local perceptual suggestions, more indeed, it actual sound sensation. Where poetry in general weds the meaning to the sound, the "others"—I refer to the unintelligible ones—aim precisely to divorce the two. An "other" could write Chinese "other" verse or a Chinese "other" could write English "other" verse better perhaps than his native tongue because the struggle to disassociate meaning from words would be eliminated. This might be supposed—and Mr. Arensberg or Mr. Kreymborg could no doubt introduce some Chinese words into their verse with good effect—but such a procedure would not be generally successful. For this reason: and here their verse has a subtlety and vindication not indicated clearly in the above hypothesis—their objectivity in the treatment of words includes not merely phonographic sound value nor accents such as one partially acquainted with the language might know, but the whole topography of sound values that surrounds a word intimately known in native language. Take, in Mr. Arensberg's line, ##Page 24 baker brownell Others "which have the butters of extra broken," the word butter—how much richer in actual sound values, in sensory connotations, in its bluntness, its adolescent explosiveness, its uncouth, funny, sincere unsophistication of sound is this word than a foreign word or an unfamiliar word such as orthography. Though Mr. Arensberg very possibly composed this line by grabbag or more possibly by wandering, inconsequent nibbles at the tufts that chanced to be highest, he has nevertheless succeeded in making the words interesting as they never were before. By detaching the conventional shield of meaning and grammar from his word he has exposed its familiar crevices and scratches, its good old domesticity of sound, its auditory realism, familiar and well known but known hitherto only half consciously. He has detached the word's pretentious, intellectual symbolism and left the dear, battered sound reality. By this drastic method the "others" revive and revaluate the reality of words and isolate the cadences loafing among them. It is distinctly an effort to detach words so far as they are primitive and real—little sound things, queer molecules of rythm and accent, native cadences— from their symbolism and definitions. By detachment from their rational symbolic significance their real, autochthonous nature gets out. Though an "other" poem may be incapable of importance and permanence, the effort may result, on the other hand, in a new scheme and symbolism that, like Oriental art, does not correspond necessarily to the schemes of outer Nature or to logical, discursive, ordinary prose thinking. Verse as different from the ordinary conceptual method of language as Chinese painting is different from photographic conceptualism is not impossible. ##Others baker brownell Page 25 Common sense is after all only one of the values of words; grammar and rational meaning are only one aspect. Words are fluid and beautiful things which the increasing rationalization of grammar surely is freezing. The "others" evidently are trying to break through the encrustation and immobility that has gradually grown about the cooling language, and with some success. Most words still have a hot center of intimate perceptual and sensuous suggestion that cannot be rigidly denned. The "others" are struggling for the liberty of words against the tyranny of word definition or, commonly, word meaning. There are still cadences and rythms lurking nakedly about words that the requirements of logically accurate diction have merely hidden, not as yet destroyed. For sounds and cadences and rythms all poets labor. Poets in general, seeking assistance in the meaning, own this as only partially their aim. But for the "others" it is sole, and they, revolutionaries, depose all meanings. Onomatopoeia, from the chu, chu of the little boy locomotive or the ting ling of the street car to complex programs of waterfall music, oceans and so on of later romanticists, is an illustration of the orthodox wedding of sound to meaning. The "others" however are imitative of nothing. They seek designs of sound and cadence not necessarily in Nature. Their arabesques of sensory word suggestions do not relate to circumstantial things. This is what they get out of it. At least this is probably what they get out of it, for in view of a possible indignant repudiation I repeat that I am not an "other" and have read none of their prefaces or apologia nor even their latest book. Though incidently reviving and fluidizing our language their main activity is to play with these unearthly cadences, picking them up here and there as they float in with the tide of words. This is what they get out of it. ##New Poetry News. Some fall books of new poetry worth investigating: Minna and Myself, Maxwell Bodenheim, The Pagan Publishing Co.; Songs to the Beloved stranger, Witter Bynner; Alfred A. Knopf; The Path of the Rainbow, Indian Poems collected by George W. Cronyn, Boni and Liveright; on Heaven, Ford Madox Hueffer, John Lane Co.; Six Plays for Poem-Mimes, Alfred Kreymborg, The Other Press; The Ghetto, Lola Ridge, B. W. Hue bsch; Cornhuskers, Carl Sandburg, Henry Holt and Co.; Al Que Quiere, William Carlos Williams, The Four Seas Co. Thanks to the fraternal courtesy of Egmont Arens, The Washington Square Bookshop, 17 West 8th Street, is now the Headquarters of Others. Mr. Arens. announces the baby issue of his magazine, PLAYBOY, for December 15th, his 31st birthday, to be devoted to Poetry, prose, art -- and happiness in general. Send Mr. Arens 25 cents for this first issue, or two dollars for twelve issues. ####WHITLOCK PRINTING CO. INC. 19 EAST 147H STREET NEW YORK CITY ######