The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 9. Vol. I. THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1912 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS 1. The New Morality—V. ... 161 2. Notes of the Week ......163 3. Divorce. By Upton Sinclair 164 4. Home Products. By Gladys Jones............166 5. Tertium Quid. By Charles J. Whitby, M.D.......167 6. The Gospel According to Chesterton. By H. F. Rubinstein.........169 7. To The Idolaters. By E. H. Visiak............170 8. Correspondence.........171 9. Great Fleas. By SeLwyn Weston .........173 10. Idealism and Feminism. By C. H. M. Edwards ... 174 11. The Unspeakable. By ELLEN S. Gaskell.........176 12. Education from the Universal Standpoint.—II.......177. 13. The Freewoman. By Guy A. Aldred .........178 THE NEW MORALITY.—V. THE Bishop of Exeter, writing in one of the morning dailies on Socialism, is bold enough to venture thereon a few philosophic reflections. He says, "We need to remind ourselves that the Cause of Liberty is not yet won: I am a firm adherent of that Cause, and a believer in Free Institutions. But there are those who do not share this belief, and who assure us that 'Free Institutions lead to Anarchy.' Anarchy is not a permanent phase of Society.. .. The friends of Anarchy are the worst enemies of liberty." Thus the bishop. It is interesting and encouraging to learn that even bishops may come within shooting range of philosophic reality. Here is a bishop picking up and curiously turning over the truth that "Free Institutions lead to Anarchy." As they do. Liberty demands Free Institutions, and Free Institutions, matured and perfected, breed the Anarchic State. Let us revert again to the statements of the bishop, who, while arriving invariably at the Wrong conclusions which one would expect from a normal bishop, manages to state a number of accurate premisses. He says, "If Anarchy exists, men will do anything to escape it." That is only too true, and it is true, not because men love liberty, but because, fearing liberty, they hate it, and seek to escape it. For human liberty is essentially "anarchic," that is, it is "free from civic rule," which is what the dictionary tells us to be "anarchic" means. Liberty is not compatible with authority laid on from without, as that most acutely observant body of authority, the Romish Church, has accurately and consistently maintained. Men such as Cardinal Newman and Mr. Hilaire Belloc are perfectly well aware of their own views of liberty. These men fear liberty. Though they play at the end of a long chain, they feel a necessity for a chain, decently though they may cover it up. The intellectual clarity of such advocates of authority is a welcome relief from the muddle-headedness of their Protestant brethren. The figure of the Protestant bishop vainly recoiling from a downright truth like "Free Institutions lead to Anarchy," and frankly confessing that men seek to escape from it, is intellectually feeble in comparison. We repeat, men and women hate liberty. They adore the chain—of fairish length. Consider the watchwords of some of the great; periodic struggles for "liberty," the French Revolution, for instance, in which blood enough to indicate the sincerity of someone, surely, was spilt—the watchwords "Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité." The spirit embodied in each or any of these watchwords culminated, in the immediately ensuing Napoleonic régime, in anti-climax, and following the fall of Napoleon, mental confusion was confounded. Liberty and Equality together would confuse a seer. Little wonder that ordinary struggling human beings lost their bearings; yet the war-cry lived on to addle the brains of a century and more of reformers. Men are afraid of all forms of liberty—afraid of the liberty to think; afraid of the liberty to perceive; of the liberty to will, to act; of liberty to judge—afraid of the novelty of these things; afraid of their loneliness, and afraid of their consequences. That is why the multitude, when a daring soul has flashed the light of "Liberty," immediately cap it with the extinguisher "Equality." Liberty goes too far. Equality brings Liberty to heel. It explains why revolutions simmer down; why the chasm which the upthrust of a single "libertarian" here and there causes in the drab level of humanity is so hastily bridged over. The single pioneer is followed by the "followers" who "organise" the thought of the first-comer. That is, they level it out; they pack the new wine into the old bottles, harness the new spirit to the old machine; strangle the new freedom before it is well-nigh born. "New Presbyter is Old Priest writ large." There is, indeed, nothing so tyrannical, so hostile to freedom as a newly fledged 162 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 theory, because the "rules" in which the new thing is dressed are strong and fresh with their new refurbishing. Every revolution seems to follow this cycle—crash and disorder, bloodshed and great sacrifice, one great soul's realisation of liberty, one brief glint from off a new idea, then back again under the new-old tyranny. And that is as far as we have yet got. The bishop speaks the truth. He is speaking truth when, for instance, he says, "It would be a gross error to confuse Socialism with Anarchism. The Anarchist refuses to be governed at all. The Socialist aspires to be governed too much," and because this is true, there are men and women of intellectual clarity who refuse to call themselves Socialists, not, indeed, because they regard the appropriation of the profits of labour to the benefit of those who produce them as robbery—indeed, not to do so they consider robbery—but because they dread the tyranny of this socialised civic rule. They fear to come "under the heel of the swinish multitude." The Socialist, in regard to this matter of Anarchy, probably cried out a little before he was hurt. Accustomed to find opprobrium in every epithet hurled at him, when he was termed "anarchic" he retorted, taking the imputation as being offensive, "Not anarchic—quite contrarymost completely socialised." Well, certain men and women refuse to enter into this complete "socialising" compact, simply because it does not suit them. A correspondent brings to our attention an instance of a community made up of five hundred asses and a lion. In such a community, he maintains, the lion must give way to the asses, and if the lion does not like the asinine way, he must make the best of it. At any rate, he would be an ass to complain. We do not agree. Let us change the terms. A community with five hundred men of ordinary intelligence has one man of extraordinary intelligence. The five hundred cannot afford to make life intolerable to the odd intelligent man, nor, on the other hand, can the intelligent man, with honour, sit meekly and humbly in the presence of the stupid. It is a contemptible weakness on the part of the intelligent to suffer themselves to be made insignificant under the wide-spreading robes of the stupid. Anarchy is the fit condition for a mature community, but if an immature community makes all its regulations to suit the stupid, it remains for the intelligent man, as far as he is concerned, to act as a Libertarian Anarchist. Such a Libertarian Anarchist can give sporadic adherence only to the law of external authority, because the law which speaks from within demands a still closer allegiance. This is why every great reformer—the extraordinary man—has shown himself in deed and in truth an Anarchist whenever external law has clashed with the law speaking from within. He has then abandoned, transgressed, and trodden under the common law—the law of the five hundred ordinary ones—in order that he might carry into effect the dictates of the "Voice within." A Christ, even when a child, turned aside a whole code of conventions with little more than an expression of surprise that anything other should be expected of Him. "Know ye not I must be about My Father's business?" A Luther planted himself firmly upon the authority of the inner law, no matter if a whole hierarchy should fall thereby. "I can no other. So help me God." Neither could he. Cromwell, in the fateful year of his influence (1642), had no other extenuation to offer than this, "I do feel lifted up by a strange force. I feel He giveth me light to see the great darkness that surrounds us at noonday." Joan of Arc followed her Voices in unfaltering simplicity from her sheep-folds in Domremy to the crowning of her king at Rheims. Margaret Wilson discarded external authority, and her life with it. Asked to submit, she was ready with, "Never; I am Christ's. Let me go." And the waters closed over her. The long scroll of history is epoch-marked by such instances of the jealous guarding of the claims of the inner voices against those of the outer. It is a curious fact that almost all such advocacies of the inner reason should have been made in respect of external communal concerns such as religion, patriotism, or the commonweal; that is, they have been inspired by belief in things and persons rather than by belief in the individual self. Hence, in forging a New Sex Morality, the opposition to the establishment of such is all the more potent on this account, i.e., that not only has the steadfastness of purpose to emanate from oneself, as has always been the case, but the idea believed in, and in behalf of which the purpose is made strong, is to be found in oneself also. The self has to guarantee, therefore, the reality of the idea, the worth of the idea, and the strength of purpose to carry the idea into effect. This accounts for the fact that morals change so slowly. Each change necessitates a belief in one's personal individuality and judgment, which is extremely rare to meet with. Hence there is no necessity to imbue people with any antianarchic theories. Their native endowment of courage is not such that they are likely to leave the friendly shelter and protection of law and convention unless they are impelled by some inner conviction. This inner conviction, we believe, can be inspired by the possibilities of development which are existent in potential freewomen. We have used the word "anarchy," where we might easily have used such à word as "individuality," of set purpose. We have done this deliberately, in order to make clear a truer sense of direction and a truer perspective. Until this is done, we, and especially we women, get a wholly wrong sense of values. We are putting wrong valuations of worth on things. We have, for instance, long become accustomed to valuing the regulation—the actual ruling —at a higher rate than the things regulated and ruled. The law and the moral code have loomed larger than the living spirit-material through which these work. So, by setting limits to the sphere and working area of external authority, we have endeavoured to make clear the inner permanent lifereality to which external law administers as a servant, but may not dictate as a master. So we come nearer to the conception of what is the most urgent need in life. Our most urgent need is a true conception of "what things matter most." This conception arrived at, life becomes clear. It then becomes evident what is worth fighting for and what is not. To freewomen this conception is becoming clearer. It is to face life unafraid, to welcome its emotions, to try their value, to be alive and capable of living intensely; to seek life, and that more abundantly; and, if there is a price to be paid for it, to be ready with the toll. January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 163 NOTES OF THE WEEK. DURING the week, a flutter of excitement has been raised in regard to Referendum proposals concerning Women's Enfranchisement. Following upon an earlier effort in the Westminster Gazette, the Daily Chronicle, with much style and great circumstance, opened out the case for the Referendum. The same day, the organ of Liberal Nonconformity, in a smug little paragraph, stated that although the "Referendum is to us an odious instrument in all circumstances," it might apparently be very fittingly applied to Woman's Suffrage. We think it is a pity that so much unnecessary circumstance should be put to use with so little necessity. A neat little notice would serve the purpose quite as well —just sufficient to indicate that opinions of all shades could be made to order, from rich black to pure white, to meet every possible exigency of party; with rates—such and such. Nothing more is required really, and it would bring us all appreciably nearer the time when the worth of the party Press will be calculated at its true value, which is nil. We do not, therefore, suppose that the opinions recently expressed in regard to the Referendum are any more representative of convictions than were the contradictory opinions on the Referendum expressed by the same papers about the time of the General Election. We regard them merely as feelers, sent out to test the temper of the people in regard to Woman's Suffrage and the Referendum. © © © Although our opinion upon the Referendum may be different from that expressed by such papers as the Daily Chronicle at an earlier time, when party interest dictated a particular kind of opinion, we nevertheless think that of all the subjects to which the Referendum might fittingly be applied a Franchise Reform measure is the one to which it would be least fitting. In relation to this one kind of measure, indeed, the Referendum is pointless and futile. An appeal to the monopolists who are already inside the franchise stronghold is obviously an appeal to unfairness and bias. Monopolists are the last persons to consult as to the breaking-down of their monopoly. While to refer the matter to those who have never exercised the franchise, asking such whether they approve of its exercise, is merely an appeal to ignorance and half-knowledge—the last resort of the bewildered and the aimless. The only thing which the governing powers can do in face of a persistent demand to a share in the government is to give way to that demand. Continued refusal will stultify government itself. Even a State cannot govern adult men and women who refuse to acquiesce in government. © © © It will perhaps make it clearer to those who are opposing the political enfranchisement of women if we point out by what right we demand admission into the State politic. Not because taxation and representation go together. Taxation and representation have never wholly gone together, and the lack of any relative concordance between the two becomes greater rather than less as time goes on. Not because we can offer a numerical majority in our favour. The possession of a majority is no guarantee of validity. We demand admission because we refuse to remain amenable to government while we are outside. The basis of government is found in the "Consent of the Governed." Nothing can force or compel that consent. It is a voluntary affair. If Mrs. Humphry Ward and others gladly consent to be governed without having a vote, they give that consent which justifies their continued government. We do not so consent, and we have given proof to the uttermost of our determination to withhold such consent. We have undergone the utmost indignity, and have held on to our decisions, though battered, bruised, manacled, hungerstricken, and naked in a prison punishment cell. In face of such determination compulsion is forceless. © © © Not only is the Referendum in regard to a Franchise measure inadmissible on account of impossibility of securing a just and common-sense method of putting it into operation, but the Referendum in regard to Woman's Suffrage is futile on account of the subject matter with which the measure deals. Woman's Suffrage is so mixed up with emotional and temperamental considerations that no amount of argument has any weight in the matter. The different temperaments will never amalgamate. They will have to go their own way. Argument will no more change temperament than argument would eradicate a leopard's spots. It is waste of breath. © © © The text-book students of constitutional history are just now befogged because the Cabinet finds itself in an unprecedented position. They suspect a subversion of Natural Law because the Cabinet is divided. Their textbooks should have told them it was comparatively yesterday that Cabinets existed at all, and only to-day, as it were, that we have the parrot-cry "The one and indivisible Cabinet." We venture to prophesy that in future, in so far as Governments are in working earnest, they will find themselves again and again divided. But they will hang together in loose agreement as long as it is individually possible. If our constitutional history does not take that line, it will have to seek another solution—the Referendum, which means the end of Cabinets. Text-book politicians should remember that the Constitution is a growth, and that they search in vain in the written pages for the solution of the features of to-day, because, forsooth! that feature was only budding when the text-book was written. © © © What we are really struggling for to-day is not the retention of some arbitrary shibboleth, like the "Indivisibility of the Cabinet." We are struggling to break through the vicious circle in which Democracy finds itself landed. People ruling themselves seem unable to find capable rulers. Democracy up to the present has failed to provide any adequate means of selecting efficient governors. At present it is wholly at a loss how to secure statesmanlike representatives, and it is little wonder that the heterogeneous collection of lawyers, manufacturers, and stockbrokers who make up our Imperial Parliament should be chattering about this matter of Woman's Suffrage as aimlessly and foolishly as bewildered old women. Had they been statesmen, they would have welcomed women's advent, in the full recognition that their very coming postulated life and health and growth in the State. Instead of this bewildered beating about for a solution, these buts, and ifs, perhapses, and may-bes, this shall-we, shan't-we, letus-ask-the-others, statesman would have absorbed each new-comer gladly, thankful for her interest and sense of responsibility. © © © As for the Government and the Suffrage, we believe they made honest proposals for its solution, which they mean to stand by. We do not believe they will involve themselves in any trickery over the Referendum. We trust their integrity in this matter. We also have faith in their capacities for scenting popular opinion. Should the women, however, be mistaken in this, they will know how to estimate the Government's worth. The women's detestation of their hypocrisy will gain in strength from the fact that they have spoken these selfconstituted allies very fair, when they have come forward offering gifts. They will seek other allies. We believe they are already to hand. In the daring new spirit which is animating the industrial world of men at the present moment, we see the possibility of new allies. The temper of the men is taking on a new likeness to that of the rebelling women. For more reasons than those of Woman's Suffrage we earnestly hope that these two parties will draw together. Their interests are one. Women must have higher wages. Men want higher wages. Women must have a minimum wage. Men want a minimum wage. Women's Trade Unions must be developed. Men's Trade Unions must be developed, and must not be injured. The sympathies and political creeds of those who carry weight in the women's ranks are Labour sympathies. The Independent Labour Party has demanded Woman's Suffrage next session. In the new crusade for honourable conditions for those who work, it is to be hoped that women and men will be working together. The Women's Party have qualities to give to Labour, for lack of which Labour has flagged in the past, and the Labour Party, acting solidly against each attempted foiling of a settlement of Women's Franchise agitation, can completely frustrate all the hedging of contemptible political shifters, whose principles are as worthless as their codes of honour. Labour acting solidly could overthrow any Government, and endanger the security of the seats and the salaries of the politicians. The women could regalvanise Labour. They could bring to it the valuable assets of spirit, brains, and an utter audacity. We believe the Labour Party and the Women's Party could form a natural alliance, and such an alliance would also be the complete answer to the tergiversations of the gentry who are trying to blow hot and blow cold at one and the same time in regard to the Referendum and other matters. In union is strength. 164 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 Divorce. RECENTLY I happened to be reading a letter from Turkey describing the efforts which were being made by a few women of that country to free themselves from the obligation of wearing the yashmak, or veil, to conceal their faces. The correspondent quoted an orthodox Turkish religious journal on the subject of the dreadful inroads of this new innovation. It explained that there was no commandment in the Koran that women's faces should be veiled, but there was a commandment forbidding men to look upon women lustfully, and it was obviously impossible for men to avoid doing this unless they compelled the women to keep their faces hidden in public. In the same way I recently read an account by a missionary from China of the struggle there going on to free women from the custom of foot-binding, which turns their feet into stumps and makes them cripples for life. Here, too, were pious religious exhorters, discussing the advance of this dreadful new wickedness. Somewhere among the natives of South America is a tribe which bound and distorted the jaws of its babies, thereby causing certain diseases in the nerves of the teeth and the practical extermination of the tribe. Among certain natives in Central Africa it is contrary to religion to eat chickens, and among others to eat any sort of meat until it has arrived at a stage of putrefaction where a joint falls from the hanging carcase of its own weight. Among the orthodox Jews it is forbidden to eat meat and butter from the same plate, and it is also forbidden to eat the flesh of swine. All these are examples of religious tabus. And now comes the scientist and examines them. He finds that the custom of foot-binding and the custom of jaw-binding are monstrous and horrible offences against life. He finds that the custom of not eating butter and meat from the same plate is harmless, but wholly without meaning. He finds that the refusing to eat the flesh of swine has a basis, in that these animals are often infected with a communicable disease. He finds, however, that the presence of this disease can be determined by a microscopical examination, and that the trichinae can be killed by a certain amount of cooking. He therefore says that when either of these precautions have been taken the flesh of swine is wholesome—as has been proven by the fact that the American continent has largely been settled and cleared by pioneers living upon that food. But this, of course, makes no difference to the orthodox Hebrew. He still forbids the eating of swine's flesh under any consideration, and he regards it as a sign of moral decay that his children are coming to conform in this respect to the customs of the people about them. The bearing of all this upon the subject of marriage and divorce should be obvious to anyone. We have at present a code of marriage and divorce customs, modelled mainly upon certain probably not authentic and certainly misinterpreted words of Jesus, plus a grotesque misconstruction of the Seventh Commandment of the Mosaic code. This has been modified by the teachings of certain fathers of the early Christian Church, and by the altogether blind and unscientific prejudices of various theological gentlemen who have come after them. The mixture has been finally coated over with an icing of social respectability, and the resultant product is our "Christian" ideal of marriage, which is universally taken by our ecclesiastical guardians and our newspaper moralists to be final revealed truth on the subject of the relationship of the sexes, any departure from which must be regarded as a symptom of dreadful social decay. Now, with people who hold this religious idea of marriage, I have no argument. I have simply to ask questions until I have drawn out the fact that they really do believe in a revealed marriage and divorce law, and then I stop. A magazine article is no place in which to discuss the basic ideas of anybody's religion. I can only explain that I do not myself believe in any revelation on the subject of marriage and divorce. What I do believe is that marriage and divorce are human institutions, contrived by society for the accomplishment of certain practical purposes shortly to be set forth, and that the institutions are to be studied scientifically from the standpoint of whether or not they do accomplish their purpose in the most effective way possible. If the reader is prepared to admit that premise, let him go with me to the balance of the argument; if he is not prepared to admit it, let him turn back and join those who tie up the feet and jaws of their babies. What is the purpose of the institution of marriage? It is so to regulate the sex relationships of men and women as to secure the breeding of the best children, and to provide for their rearing under the best conditions. Inasmuch as it is obvious that the best conditions for the rearing of children are not a home made by tormented and unhappy parents, it is obvious that the attainment of this ideal must necessarily take into consideration something of the rights of the parents as well. But the primary purpose of the institution is the safeguarding of the child and the economic protection of the mother. Can it be maintained that the institution which at present exists represents the best possible method of securing these ends? What is it that actually exists? When our ecclesiastical advisers and newspaper moralists discuss the question they invariably assume that what actually exists at present is the monogamous home: one man marries one woman, is true to her—or at least decently pretends to be; they have children and take care of them and raise them, and so the lawless sex-impulses of humanity are confined within bounds of order. This is the premise from which the orthodox and respectable advocates invariably start. If this exists, it is a beautiful and noble thing, and anyone who attacks it is of necessity an enemy of society and of the home. But now use your common sense for a few minutes, and consider the difference between this imaginative picture and the actual facts of life as you know them. Men go out into the world and struggle for a living; some succeed better than others. Practically all wait until they have attained to a certain stage of success before they marry. During the period before they marry a very small number of men abstain from all sex relationship; some because they happen to be under-sexed, and others because they happen to be intensely religious or fastidious. The vast majority, however, seek, more or less regularly, casual relationships with professional prostitutes. A very large number thus wreck their characters and their health. Prof. Kelsey, of the Department of Economics of the University of Pennsylvania, stated before one of his classes last winter that it was his opinion that fully 85 per cent. January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 165 of the men students in that University were infected with venereal diseases. It is true that prostitutes are low people, and we don't care very much what happens to them. Their average life is only about five years, and the potter's field is ample. But unfortunately the diseases of prostitution are not confined to the prostitutes—they are afterwards spread by the institution of marriage to our leisured classes. I respectfully refer the inquiring reader to Brieux's recently published play (preface by Bernard Shaw), entitled "Damaged Goods," or else to Dr. William J. Robinson's "Never Told Tales." Here are a few sentences from the latter book, which will serve for the argument of the moment. They describe the fate of a beautiful and innocent young wife:— "I took her history, and I copy it briefly from my case Book: She began to ail about three months after her marriage. She had a bad sore throat, very severe headache, fever, pains in the muscles, her hair came out, her face and cheeks got blotchy, etc. (Of course, I needed no more symptoms to know what was the matter with her.) She wanted to see a doctor, but her husband didn't think it was necessary. He said he knew something good himself. He bought her some pills, which did her very much good. The pain went away, the face cleared up, etc. About two months later she had a miscarriage. In two months another eruption—pimples, pustules, and blotches all over the body—and in four months another miscarriage. She had in all five miscarriages; finally, about nine months ago she gave birth to a living child, but it was very weak, had an eruption on the body, and its nose was flat and fallen in." And so we come to the woman's side of the case. The women, too, have to struggle for a living. Most of them are reared for the profession of marriage; they are trained to be sex creatures, to wear seductive and alluring clothes, high-heeled shoes, which stop the circulation of their blood, and tight corsets, which distort their breathing apparatus. They curl their hair and cultivate pleasant smiles, and most of them manage to get husbands and children, and so satisfy the great need of their natures. Many, however, fail in this struggle. Some of these grow up with their needs unsatisfied, to make that most pitiful of all the distortions of our social system, that butt of all the novelists and dramatists of the ages, the "old maid"; others are driven into the army of women wage-earners or become domestic drudges. Many of these women, who are barred from marriage by economic forces, satisfy their sex needs in hidden ways, which accounts for the statement made by Dr. William J. Robinson that there are one million abortions occurring in the United States every year. Many, on the other hand, remain celibate, according to the teaching of their religion, and it is among the ranks of these that modern psychiatrists discover the greatest proportion of nervous disorders, anaemics, and insanities. Finally, some fifty thousand every year in this country are driven into the ranks of that most pitiful class of all, the professional prostitute. This is the real truth about the sex institutions of modern society. It is not the institution of "marriage" at all, as I have written in my novel, "Love's Pilgrimage"; it is an entirely different thing, the institution of "marriage plus prostitution." Let our ecclesiastical advisers and our newspaper moralists face this indisputable fact and discuss it if they dare. (But you may rest assured that they will not dare.) The moral codes of human beings represent the experience of the race; they represent the efforts of men and women to adjust themselves to the environment in which their life has to be lived. But modern science has brought out the fact that environment is continually changing; life is a process of evolution, and moral codes evolve also. Those races which are unable to change their moral codes to fit new conditions are doomed to extinction; while those nations which adjust their customs and their laws most quickly to new facts are the ones which move on most certainly to power and success. Now, the central fact which conditions the law of marriage is that from the relationship of the sexes, under normal conditions, there results a child. The mother of this child must be protected while she is undergoing the strain of maternity; and someone must feed and care for this child after it is born. If the parents do not do it, the obligation falls upon society; and therefore society sternly demands the right to compel the parents. But into the modern world there has recently come a new factor, completely modifying the old conditions: this is the discovery of what Bernard Shaw calls "the artificial sterilisation of marriage, the most revolutionary invention of the nineteenth century." We have built up elaborate tabus in the matter of sex upon the basis of a factor which modern science has completely eliminated. Science itself is terrified at its own daring, and has not yet dared to make use of its discovery; in fact, men have passed laws and are continually sending people to jail for daring to teach it. But in the meantime, by the silent underground methods which truth always uses in the face of superstition and ignorance, the incredible news is spreading, and as a result we have among all the intelligent classes of the community the supposedto-be terrifying but really most encouraging fact of "race suicide." No longer are our mothers to go on bearing children blindly, year after year, until they die of exhaustion—after the custom which universally prevailed in the good old days of our great-grandfathers, so unintelligently lauded by ex-President Roosevelt; no longer are our slums to be crowded with under-nourished and degenerate children; and no longer are the nations to be driven to war by the pressure of a blindly-begotten population. Instead, we are to have children when we wish to have them, and only so many children as we are able to raise in accordance with the standards of civilised decency. Picture to yourself half a dozen men on a raft, escaping from a shipwreck. They have one tin of biscuits with them, and they figure out the time it will take them to reach the shore, and they decide that each man may have three biscuits per day. They impress this fact upon themselves, and so it becomes the highest moral law of that raft that three biscuits per day is the food-allowance of a man. But now suppose that in the course of their rowing they come upon a whole crate of biscuits, drifting from the wrecked ship; then at once the three-biscuit morality is done away with, and a new law takes its place. That each man shall have as many biscuits as he pleases, you ask? No, I answer. That every man shall have as many biscuits as are necessary to preserve him in perfect health and working efficiency, so that he may do the utmost possible to bring himself and his companions to the shore. But suppose that some of the men had learned the law of the three-biscuit morality so thoroughly that they could not unlearn it? So that they insisted upon continuing to suffer and starve upon an allowance of three biscuits per day, and in regarding anybody who took more than three biscuits per day as immoral? To abandon the simile, and state the plain fact, this new discovery of science gives us the means of putting an end to the horrible social disease of prostitution. The meaning of it is that the man can marry young, the woman can remain self-supporting, and they can have their children later on in life when they 166 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 are in position to support them. This is the way, and the only way conceivable, whereby prostitution can be ended. And yet to think that our ecclesiastical advisers have caused the passing of laws against the spread of information about it! I am trying here to show the difference between the scientific and the superstitious attitude toward the problems of sex. If you are prepared to go with me so far as to study the institution of marriage from the practical standpoint of human welfare, the first thing to be done is to consider the economic facts of our modern world. I believe that it will be very long before a gigantic change takes place in society, which will make it possible for any man or woman who is willing to work to earn a living with decency and self-respect. At present, however, such a condition does not obtain; at present the competition for life is terrific, and demands all the time and strength of the person who takes part in it. A woman who has assumed the burdens and risks of motherhood is hopelessly handicapped in this struggle, and so society provides and endorses a method whereby she can compel the father of the child to be responsible for the maintenance of both the child and herself. This is the institution which we call marriage; and when it is studied scientifically, it is seen to be a purely economic institution. It is very much better that it should be as permanent as possible, and society is obviously justified in bringing every moral pressure to bear to make people realise the seriousness of the relationship, and the importance of keeping it permanent when possible. But it is certainly no part of the right or duty of society to use force to compel people to remain in the marriage relationship when it has become repugnant to them. All that society has the right to demand is that they shall fulfil the economic obligations which they have assumed; that is, that they shall care for and rear the child, and that the man shall assist the woman financially, if her health or earning capacity has suffered through her marriage to him. But it is just here that the advocate of the tabu marriage steps in. Marriage, he declares, is not a merely economic and social institution, it is a religious sacrament. That which God hath joined together, no man may put asunder; and therefore two people who have walked into the trap are in the trap for life. As I have said before, I do not mean to attempt to argue with the advocate of the tabu marriage; I only ask the reader to make sure that he really believes in that kind of marriage, and is willing to follow his argument to its logical conclusions. Are you willing to say that man may not put aside the marriage if one of the two is a lunatic, or a hopeless drunkard, or an habitual criminal, or a degenerate, or the victim of a disease which can be communicated to his offspring? Are you willing to go with our ecclesiastical advisers who seek to maintain an institution which compels a woman to bring into the world the children of drunkards, epileptics, consumptives, syphilitics, and lunatics? Stop a moment, and think what this means. Consider, for instance, that our courts have ruled that there can be no such thing as rape within the marriage state! Consider that the Church, which claims the most direct divine authority in these matters, and is the main bulwark of the doctrine of marriage as a sacrament, refuses its offices to a woman who denies herself to her husband, or who uses means of preventing conception! Old Moses Harmon, who during his lifetime was the leading advocate in America of the right to discuss sexquestions truly, served a ten-year sentence in jail for protesting in too picturesque language concerning a case of what was practically the murder of a woman by her husband. The woman had sustained lacerations during child-birth; her husband had subsequently demanded the rights to which he was legally entitled, and the woman had died of blood poisoning. Moses Harmon was sent to jail for telling the story, but the man could not be punished by any existing law. Out in Leavenworth, Kansas, there is to-day a physician who is completing a tenyear sentence (having paid a ten thousand dollar fine in addition) because he replied to a letter which was sent him by a woman post-office spy, who declared that she had an insane husband, by whom she had born two degenerate children, and that he was shortly to be released from the asylum, and she feared him. The physician told her how she could prevent becoming pregnant again. These are but little straws which show how the wind of ignorance and superstition is blowing in our supposed-to-be-enlightened America! The question of divorce is being much discussed at the present hour, and it is a fact that I note with a mixture of amazement and fear that in practically every argument it is taken for granted as a truism that divorce is an evil, and that its abolition would make for the protection of the home and of women. I say I note it with fear, because it seems to me that the triumph of ignorance and superstitution in this matter is a most serious symptom of the degradation of American thought. The most superficial study of the divorce statistics proves the fact that our so-called "migratory" divorces form an almost negligible percentage of the total; and that by far the largest percentage of divorces are gotten by women, and under conditions which make of the woman a slave, and of her life a torment. Just at present there is well under way a movement for the establishing of a uniform divorce law in the United States; what this means, or is meant to mean by all our ecclesiastical advisers, is that all the states are to be cajoled or forced to submit themselves to the standard of the tabu marriage. There are portions of America, mainly in the West, where freedom still has a message for the minds of men and women, and I would most earnestly urge the people of those happy regions of the earth to study this most important of social problems, and to set their faces resolutely against any attempt to force them back into the conditions of sex-slavery and degeneracy which obtain in the mediaeval states of our country, such as South Carolina and New York. UPTON SINCLAIR. Home Products. EXCLUSIVELY home-made goods too often fail to acquire those special characteristics which the fleeting fashion of a day demands: they may have eternal merit, and yet touch no happy moment. This is as true of human beings as of hats, and it is a fact that depresses one wherever one comes across a family of well-brought-up, home-bred girls. One knows that they will probably have to pay so heavily for their virtues. The Englishman's home stands firm (hitherto) on the social wreckage of too many English women: I am not speaking only of the wife, who may gain some moon-like reflection from a husband's radiance, but of the sisters and daughters also. We all know how the girls of a family have to stand aside in the matter of education for their brothers, with the natural result that brothers expect sisters to stand aside for them all through life; January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 167 also to stand aside from all life, in the sense that the brothers understand it. Men may work, and women must wait. But a brother's capacity for tyranny is nothing to a father's. And the worst of it is, fathers often mean so well. It has been held for generations that the female must practise principles to counteract male example. Rather difficult, this. A solving compromise is found in the ideal of purity in one's nearest and passion in one's dearest. How often one has heard it said of a really attractive woman, "But I should not like my sister or my daughter to be like her"! So the sister or daughter is thrust into a vicarious asceticism. This asceticism is not openly enforced, only indirectly hinted at. It is clear that the girl is under a moral obligation, in return for her bed and board and liberty, to walk abroad unveiled, to be, though in the world, not of it. And this state of things continues indefinitely, until it becomes really true that the world has no use for her. The "coldness" of the modern woman, which sociologists continually refer to, exists mainly in consequence of a constant system of repression: a hypocritical system, professing disbelief in that which it vetoes. Physical attraction is only inglorious when it is regarded ingloriously, and those of us who believe in passion as a factor in race-building must see that this view of its shamefulness is weakening the nation. It is doubtful whether any science of eugenics will ever better the good old Shakespearean argument of beauty as a basis for breeding; but to attain beauty we must check the masculine disciplinarian, who would stamp out all youth, all individuality, all joy of life from those women who, to put it with brutal truth, come within the proscribed limits of affinity with him. I know some people say that these disciplinarians do not exist nowadays, and if one is living a more or less public or cosmopolitan life the prospect certainly brightens. But, penetrate below the surface of town life, or into the further reaches of provincial existence, and one finds a different story! Those homes, the country's pride, are little prisons. I wonder if, after all, man is just a sort of ogre; and if an ogre is not a social parasite, I do not know what is. When I see a man who is said to support à household of women, I sometimes wonder if it would not be truer to say that they support him, as they dance attendance on his futilities, in an unhuman monotony, from year's end to year's end. Numberless women grow grey in such unprofitable service, losing caste both in the world's eyes and their own, because their labour has no social recognition. They are society's wreckage, yet have not even the poor satisfaction of deserving their fate. If, later, they are thrust from the home to fend for themselves, as often happens at the death of the head of the house, they are apt to find themselves aliens in an alien land, distrustful of themselves and others. It is time that we trained women to be, not what their families desire, but what each individual woman desires; and I should suggest the question as to whether women of marriageable age and physique should not be endowed with a marriage portion as being one of considerable national importance. Such endowment, except in the case of the moneyed, would of necessity be State-controlled, levied by tax; and it could vary in sum according to whether or no there were children of the unions resulting from this arrangement. In so far as the husband or father could be made to contribute towards this arrangement, one might be able to draw up an entirely fresh marriage code, under which, certain obligations being discharged, the contracting parties are free. By making marriage cheaper and less suicidal than at present, prostitution will decrease, especially if, at the same time, prostitution can be made as expensive as a childless marriage, by treating all alliances as matters of State interest so soon as they are in any way public, and by recompensing the woman accordingly. The moment has arrived when we must consider the giving of full human rights to women as a matter of course, without social penalty; but there are few practicable suggestions. It is a little uncalled for to agitate about waste of infant life and a declining birth-rate before we have learnt to deal with our adult and adolescent population, which is living and suffering now, conscious of its unwantedness. I hope it is understood that in using the words "marriage portion" I mean a dowry which will be in the woman's own control. If we do not want a "sex war," we must, in one way or another, make the individual woman independent of the individual man. At present this can only be attained by strenuous work and economic competition, which the sociologists say is not good for the race. This is not proved; but if those who offer negative criticism will evolve some positive beneficial plan, it will be more to the purpose. Independence is sought, and, by one means or another, independence will be found. It rests with those in power to direct the means. There has been an attempt to turn women who have revolted from the old allegiance into blind idolaters of the future. This ruse will fail. It is the present and the present only with which we have to deal, without concerning ourselves about a hypothetical posterity. The hierarchy of the home, with man as high priest and woman as sacrifice, will have to go, or change so completely as to be unrecognisable. Woman must be justified of herself. Gladys Jones. Tertium Quid. IT was no doubt inevitable that the subject of homosexual instinct should be broached in THE FREEWOMAN. Such a paper exists precisely to let the light of day into these dark and dusty corners. From its point of view—if I understand it—there are no forbidden facts or topics. The difficulty seems to be that homosexuality is one of those subjects which those who are competent to discuss would prefer to leave alone. This factor of competency I possess; as to any others—well, at all events, I am a medical man! So that I do not feel justified in declining an editorial invitation to deal, from the medical standpoint, with the subject of Mr. Birnstingl's article. The more so as his position seems to be based on Edward Carpenter's "The Intermediate Sex," and frankly I do not like that book. Mr. Carpenter is a democratic anarchist of the school of Whitman and Rousseau, and it is axiomatic with him that everybody is as good as his neighbour—"and a damned sight better, too," as the Irishman said. Consequently, it is only necessary to prove the existence of homosexuals— or, rather, to assert that other people have proved it; and it indubitably follows that they are the salt of the earth. But imbeciles, dwarfs, and mon 168 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 strosities also exist, unfortunately for themselves and Society. We are told that "many of the world's pioneers" have come from the ranks of sexual inversion, and it is insinuated, although not stated outright, that such inversion or perversion is typical of genius. This is a good illustration of the fineness of the line which, in regard to such subjects, divides truth from radical error, and of the persistency with which Mr. Carpenter and his disciples keep on the wrong side of it. Genius is androgynous, but it is never homosexual. A man of genius may be feminine, but he must not be effeminate. If you do not recognise the distinction I cannot make it clear to you, any more than one could explain the beauty of a sunset to one who was totally colour-blind. Virility in a man is first and foremost a matter of spiritual polarity; in its highest degree it may coexist with a physique of ethereal exquisiteness and frailty. On the other hand, the biggest and most robust man may be, often is, mawkishly effeminate in regard to the things that really matter. Similarly, with regard to women, and particularly to very gifted women, the criterion of their femininity is a spiritual one. In George Eliot's best works the fundamental womanliness of the point of view is never overpowered by the masculine qualities of intellect and constructive power. In her inferior works it is otherwise. They are not virile (no woman's work is or could be), but they are "mannish." In life or in art the pose of masculinity in a woman or femininity in a man offends all fine palates to the point of loathing. As to the Philistine, he will tell you in the smokingroom, as one recently told me, that "such creatures ought to be shot at sight!" In view of which attitude of brutal misconception I submit that it is inopportune and even cruel to write books implicitly encouraging "Uranians" to come out into the open and flaunt their sexual vagaries as a token of superiority to the profane herd. Moreover, inasmuch as the great majority of cases of sexual inversion are probably not congenital, but the results of many conditions inseparable from our highly artificial civilisation, and, above all, of suggestion and auto-suggestion, it is all the more injudicious to enlist vanity among the motives for such a change. I do not deny the existence of true congenital homosexuality, but I should say that it is extremely rare, and that the vast majority of passionate attachments between adults of the same sex can be otherwise explained. They are of the nature of a pis aller, and liable to be superseded at any moment by the appearance upon the scene of a nearer (heterosexual) affinity. Numbers of the cases that are cited by German and English writers of passionate attachments between persons of the same sex really support my contention, because they THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT Co., LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .-—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN, 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. have been mere episodes, aberrations on the part of otherwise heterosexual individuals. On the sound principle that entia non praeter necessitatem multiplicanda, we must assume that the same explanation will account for most of the contemporary instances. For obviously the conditions of our time are in an exceptional and increasing degree favourable to such occurrences. Marriage is to thousands of educated men and women an ecomonic impossibility. They come in time to recognise this and to accept it as an unalterable necessity. The passional and affective part of their natures, thus denied its natural outlet, seeks alternative satisfaction. Homosexual alliances are to be regarded as the euthanasia of love. It certainly looks as if the trend of our industrial civilisation were towards the production of a class of (functionally) sexless workers, from women primarily, because they are the more passive and adaptable to such demands, but also from among men. We know that among bees the same tendency has prevailed: the workers are sexually functionless females. In our own civilisation it is environment that I deem responsible in the main for the change that is in process. It is an interesting question to what extent heredity may be conceived as acting upon the lines of circumstance and providing individuals congenitally adapted to the new conditions. Just as one seems to observe that the modern demand for mechanical aptitude is in some way inducing the birth of a number of children with a taste for machinery, so the matrimonial slump may be tending to the birth of human "neuters." That the process is a cruel one goes without saying. If anyone doubts it he has only to study the autobiographical records in which works upon this topic abound. To be born a man with the instincts of a woman, or conversely, is a predicament from which only a hero can emerge with dignity or success. But persons in such tragical plight will derive little real aid from books like "The Intermediate Sex." Not what we are born really signifies, but what we make of ourselves. Besides, if the conditions of the age are in fact tending to the sterilisation and ultimate atrophy of the sex instinct, one might fairly expect a word of warning from "advanced" writers who undertake to deal with such matters, so that those concerned may accept or reject the sacrifice with open eyes. It is begging the question to decide offhand that a sterile passion is "higher" than the fruitful variety, or to declare with our neo-Puritans that the shrine of Aphrodite will henceforth lack worshippers, except lewd fellows of the baser sort. Sex-charm in woman has been far too costly an acquisition to be so lightly discarded, and it may confidently be predicted that its power and price are likely to increase in direct proportion to its rarity. Mr.Birnstingl endorses Mr. Carpenter's charge against schoolmasters to the effect that all attachments are stultified at our public schools in a manner which is "positively wicked." Unless the conditions have altered considerably for the worse since I was at school (which is hardly credible), there is more sentiment than substance in this charge. On the contrary, the grave indictment that is really appropriate is that the herding of boys of all ages into the same dormitory too often exposes the small and weak to misery and outrage too hideous for words to express. There is, or was in my day, no protection, no remedy, no escape. Apart from the mere claim of the individual to justice, there is a racial aspect of these questions that cannot be ignored or slighted. I should be the last to pry into the personal relations of responsible adults, and I am all for keeping the clumsy paw of January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 169 the State out of such matters as far as possible; but I have no tolerance for violations of the holy innocence of childhood. Alike in public schools and in the outside world it is indispensable that the immature shall be protected. In this article I have purposely avoided the term "Uranian," because I deprecate a purely sexual application of the word. A recent article in the New Age dealt with persons under the influence of Uranus, the planet which awakens the spirit from lethargy and brings it into strange conditions and hazardous enterprises. To such persons the writer applied the title of Uranians, and I gladly second his endeavour to rescue it from its present limited and none too attractive connotation. Charles J. Whitby, M.D. The Gospel According to Chesterton IT is prima facie a curious fact that of all the men and women at present competing for the pilotage of the ship Humanity, Mr. G. K. Chesterton alone enjoys that courtesy and freedom from abuse which is always extended to those whose rivalry excites neither fear nor respect. Everybody has a kind word for him. He speaks at meetings of his professed enemies, where, after insulting the audience with a frankness no ordinary mortal would dare to assume towards even his greatest friend (let alone foe), he sits down amid hearty and unreserved applause, the only man in the hall with a serious face. Socialists, Suffragists, Jews hail him as a genius and a friend, although he is as bitter an anti-Socialist, anti-Suffragist, and (for practical purposes) anti-Semite as ever breathed. Nobody troubles to contradict him. He is just a fountain, of whose gentle babbling we never (or seldom) tire; a sort of Jack Tanner, to whom a "go on talking" expresses the limit of our attention. We may rage at Mr. Lloyd George, we may tremble at the Kaiser, we may jeer at Mr. Brookfield, we may swear at (or by) Bernard Shaw. But for Chesterton we reserve an attitude of smiling indulgence. Try how we will, we cannot take him seriously. And yet he not only takes himself and his philosophy as seriously as any man alive, but he is the possessor of one of the keenest and most penetrating intellects to be found anywhere. Who else could stand up calmly and logically to the diatribes of a fierce and determined Bernard Shaw? Who else could egg him on to such heights of supermannish dialectics, such profundity of reason? Who else, indeed, could analyse that same G. B. S., laying his finger on the vital spot through a haze of "blinds" utterly bewildering to the ordinary practitioner? Chesterton first exposed Shaw as a consistent Moralist. It is time for somebody similarly to expose Chesterton. Indeed, as nobody of any importance has shown the smallest tendency to take that trouble, I propose myself to do so, asking the reader's indulgence for a digression from my main thesis while we shift our victim on to the operating table and make for the bottom of this physically, if not intellectually weighty subject. Chesterton is usually dismissed as a reactionary, because he is opposed to most of the "progressive" movements of the day. The fact is that he is not interested in progressive movements. He is not interested in Progress, Evolution, Superman, or any of the other cries with which modern thought has associated itself. But this does not, as is commonly supposed, shut him off from consideration as an Intellectual. Intellect may concern itself with other things than progress—with at least two other things. Progress stands for the vast, unexplored regions of the Future. There remain, at any rate, the vast, unexplored regions of the past and of the present. This is unfortunately not a platitude. Most people seem to forget that it is only quite recently that "Progress" has become the living thing that Intellect finds it to-day. A century ago we should have thought no higher intellectually of a prophet than of a politician or a student of antiquity. Euclid was as intellectual as Plato; Napoleon as Rousseau; Shakespeare as Christ. Nowadays we do not admit this. Euclid was only a mathematician; Napoleon a soldier; Shakespeare an aesthete. The Progressive alone is the Intellectual —the follower (yes, even follower!) of Shaw, or Nietzsche, or Tolstoy. The ostensible cause of this concentration on the future is Darwin. Darwin created the progressive movement. Darwin was (unconsciously) the first of the Futurists. He opened a new channel of thought into which modern mind poured with an intensity that shook the very foundations of the earth. The force of that revolution (if it may be so called) has no whit diminished to this day. New aspects are still revealing themselves with a regularity that makes the period one of the most notable the world has yet seen. But before all else Darwinism revitalised the religious instinct. Religion has always been progressive; it has always speculated on the future. The force of the old religions depended on their conceptions of afterlife and of the Messiah; but they were conceptions founded solely on—Faith, and as such were bound to pall sooner or later. Darwin opened up the ground for the conception of a new Messiah, for the advent of whom Faith (and Faith founded on Science this time) required, moreover, the stimulus of effort; a personal Messiah springing, not "bolt from the blue" fashion, as of old, but from the actual fittest of Mankind, by a natural, comprehensible process. The world was fired with the impetus of a new ambition. The renaissance of religion dates from the very moment when the Church was most in despair. Unfortunately, it was accompanied by that obsession, that subtle, intellectual asceticism, which the opponents of religion have always been so quick to seize upon. G. K. Chesterton is not so much an opponent of the new religion as of this obsession with which it soon became associated. He finds the old paths of thought—or at least one old path—deserted, and duly laments the fact. His wit becomes as paradoxical at the expense of new ideas as Shaw's is of old ideas. He stands with his back to the wall, obstinately resisting the flood. But he resists is, primarily at any rate, because it is a flood, because it is not a normal flow. The horses may be bolting in the right direction, but they are, at any rate, bolting, and the immediate need is for a brake. Chesterton has made himself a brake on the chariot of Progress, and he jams himself on with a force and persistency which would do credit to the most abandoned immoralist. He forgets (possibly) that a brake of this sort is as much a fanatic as a runaway horse. He is quite as much obsessed with his business as Shaw and the Progressives are with theirs. That is the basic similarity between G. B. S. and G. K. C. That is why they can never convert each other. They have their definite and distinct functions in life. Shaw is the horse; Chesterton the brake; the driver God—or as the case may be. The obsession to which Chesterton is thus dedicated, and which acts-—or is intended to act—as 170 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 a check to progressive tendencies, is, to put it briefly, the Present. He is quite logical. Man, he says, is neglected in our infatuation for superman, and man is the more important of the two. Superman is vague, but man is obvious. Concentrate, therefore, on "man's happiness, and let superman take care of himself. This is the attitude he reflects with such extraordinary elasticity into all the problems of the day. He simply refuses to consider any of the problems of the day so long as there are men and women left to consider. It is a very plausible attitude. It represents the mood in which Ibsen wrote "The Wild Duck." Chesterton might base his whole case on "The Wild Duck." So long as truth and right are not agreeable to human nature, truth and right are wrong. To the progressive who would reform the ideas of the people he says, as we should say to a big boy found bullying a little one, "Leave him alone. Mind your own business." In fact, he would treat man altogether as a benevolent old gentleman would treat a little boy—life as a huge school treat, with plenty of cakes and buns and no lessons. The objection to this, of course, is that the little boy will one day grow into a man. Schoolmaster Shaw wants to prepare him for that state. Naturally, however, Mr. Pickwick Chesterton will not listen to him. "Who taught you how to prepare him?" he says. "Instinct," says Schoolmaster Shaw. "It isn't his instinct," says Mr. Pickwick Chesterton. "His instinct is all for cakes and buns." "I tell you----" says Schoolmaster Shaw. So they wrangle on. All the other schoolmasters appear on the scene, and Mr. Pickwick Chesterton gets red in the face, while they laugh at him and his ideas of education. "Where are your supporters?" they ask, and he replies that the subject of all the discussion, the little boy, is his supporter. He likes cakes and buns, he says, and there's an end of it. The "cakes and buns," needless to say, represent a great deal more than mere cakes and buns; they represent drink and lies and vice; they represent the evil of jingoism, and the evil of woman's subjection. It is all the same to G. K. C. "They like it," he says. "It helps them to enjoy life. Throw it in." A good answer to "The Wild Duck" and the still wilder Chesterton is to be found in that other modern dramatic masterpiece, "The Lower Depths," by Maxime Gorki. The "school treat" here is of a very unpleasant and a very realistic kind. Yet here is Mr. Pickwick, as cheerful and smiling as evert with his gospel of "making the best of things"—of bread and butter if you can't get cakes and buns, of bread if you can't get bread and butter, or nothing if you can't get bread. The poor wretches we see here can scarcely get bread, but they can get drink, and they can get drunk, which, for Mr. Pickwick's purpose, is better still; and yet, with all the old man's preaching, this does not satisfy them. As soon as his back is turned they begin to reason for themselves, reason very humanly, very naturally, very deeply (are they not in the "Depths"?) And it is not for Mr. Chesterton that they vote. They want something more even than cakes and buns. They yearn for higher things, not so much material (and here is the point) as spiritual. They are sick of being worms. One hangs himself in despair; the others just drink, drink till their souls and the yearning which fills them are drowned in—" cakes and buns." One sees them as the curtain drops, grinning, leering, rolling about the floor—utterly debased. They have swallowed the Chestertonic—faute de mieux. It is a revolting sight—the sort of sight that leads to real revolt. So much for Chestertonism—we come to the real subject of this article, its relation to Feminism. Feminism is part of the New Religion—the religion of Darwin and the Evolutionists. Science shows us that the female, among "lower" animals the equal of the male, began to lose ground gradually and steadily from the dawn of consciousness; that this arose from the fact that her reproductive functions prohibited exclusive devotion to intellectual pursuits, and hence participation in the development of Reason and the consequent formation of Law and Morality, which latter, left to the male, were based and built (subject to occasional religious amendments) not only on animal greed, but on male animal greed. Scientifically, male reason to-day is totally out of proportion to Life; scientifically, woman advances as male greed-reason relaxes; scientifically, when male reason has "climbed down" to its proper level in the scheme of things, the female status will have risen automatically till woman has taken her place in the family, in Society, in the governing body, as an individual with much the same rights and responsibilities as man; scientifically, out of these free men and women will grow superman and superwoman. This is the banner under which Progressives are storming the citadel of Convention. How does Mr. Chesterton meet it? Observe him, cool, impassive, almost bored. Slowly the massive intellect gathers itself for a reply. Before him thousands of faces, alive with the fervour of religious enthusiasm, flushed, expectant. He faces them with the calm of a man whose thoughts are far away—possibly with his dinner. "My charwoman? he says, "does not want a vote" Voila tout. Those, I believe, are his exact words. I hope they are. They are consistent with everything he has ever said. * * * * * A "jolly" if fantastic vision occurs to me. The scene is a wild forest, Somewhere, a million or so years ago. Hanging from the tree-tops by their posterior adjuncts, two monkeys are discovered philosophising in the full glare of mysterious day. "How glorious it would be," says one (or, rather, he conveys the idea by the method then in vogue), "how glorious it would be if we could only think and express ourselves and understand something of the world in which we live, if we could only become human? The other shakes his head, and, yawning, points to a neighbouring tree where a fellow-member of the species is engaged in devouring a smaller and weaker creature in the open and unashamed manner peculiar to his kind. "Our brother," he remarks sententiously, "does not want to become human." With which weighty observation he releases himself, swings to earth, and is lost in the void.. .. Scientifically, I suppose, even Mr. G. K. Chesterton had animal ancestors. H. F. Rubinstein. TO THE IDOLATERS. Ye are out of the path. Love is not lust; Nor beauty hath Any part in dust. The sun shapeth shadows, Maketh dust to shine The glamour is earthy: The sun is divine. E. H. VISIAK. January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 171 Correspondence. To the Editors of THE FREEWOMAN. Somebody has sent me the first number of The freewoman. It deals most suggestively with a question, and with a certain aspect of that question, upon which I should like to say a few words. Of some dozen excellent articles, "The Spinster, by One," easily ranks first. It is indeed a terrible indictment, which could not be more forcibly or correctly expressed. But what I now wish to discuss more particularly is the article entitled "A Definition of Marriage," by Mr. d'Auvergne. He says, "You may search the codes of Europe in vain for a definition of marriage," but surely this is because he is looking for something which does not and cannot exist—namely, a positive definition. He might as well seek for a definition of the rights of a medical man who has sold his practice. He has bound himself to abstain—he has undertaken not to practise within a certain area; he has not undertaken to do or perform any act. He may not practise, say, in Leeds, or within ten miles of Leeds, but he is under no obligation to practise in York or Manchester. Now what is marriage? It is a contract. And what is a contract? It is a species of agreement, namely, that kind of agreement which is sanctioned by the State. That is to say, an agreement to which the State appends some reward or punishment. The State cannot always (or often) enforce fulfilment of contract, but it can impel the parties to the fulfilment thereof. Thus, if I agree for a consideration to jump over the moon, and IF (a very big "if") the State raises such an agreement to the dignity of a contract, though it cannot compel me to jump over the moon, yet it can fine me a thousand pounds for noncompliance, or send me to prison for seven years, with or without hard labour. Whether the State ought to sanction such an agreement is a separate question. And now, before confusing that which is with that which ought to be, and even before trying to ascertain what ought to be, is it not well to find out precisely WHAT IS? We are not now concerned with the opinions of the schools or the churches. All we ask is, What is the nature of the agreements between a man and a woman which the State sanctions under the name of marriage contracts? Mr. d'Auvergne says, "The Christian Church" (he does not explain which branch of it) "still obstinately affirms that marriage was ordained for the propagation of the human race and the upbringing of children in the service of God." With the second object we need not trouble; it has ceased to have any definite meaning. But as to the first object, surely we can meet the statement with a contradiction. Marriage was not required for that purpose, nor was the Christian Church. But the writer goes on to say and "maintain" that "an alliance of a man and a woman for any other purpose than that defined by the Church is not, and ought not to be, considered a marriage." Surely we need not worry about what ought or ought not to be considered; the question for us is What is marriage, as a juridical fact, in the land we live in? And the answer to the question is, Marriage is an agreement between a man and a woman (sanctioned by the State) that neither will have sexual intercourse with any other person during the period of their joint lives. If anyone asserts that this is not a good definition of "marriage as it ought to be," I heartily agree with him. But let us at least come to a clear understanding that it is a good and true definition of "marriage as it is." We may now proceed to the next step. Ought the State to concern itself with agreements (long or short) between a man and a woman, where the procreation of children is neither the result nor the intention? If "Corydon and Phyllis decide to live together for reasons of their own," so long as it is a childless union, "I fail to understand on what grounds the State is called upon to consecrate their partnership; Society is in no way interested in the menage. And why should they (the parties) wish to be bound by an outside authority in a matter affecting only themselves?" May I answer this last question? "Why should the parties desire a legal sanction?" "What is the use," asks the squatter, "of pegging out my claim in a silly country like this, without a State to guarantee me the exclusive use of it?" Clearly the squatter wants a legal sanction. He has made great sacrifices in time and labour, he has cleared the surface and staked out his plot, when up comes a stronger man and hustles him on one side. The State is stronger than many strong men. Similarly, I can quite understand a man or a woman wishing to notify to all and sundry his or her exclusive claim to the affection and society of the other. It may be that if a couple wish to notify an exclusive partnership (and not otherwise) the State may be justified in appending a sanction to the agreement between them. Third persons are thus warned of the uselessness and impropriety of "paying attention" to the affianced or "married pair, or either of them. Why do married women wear wedding-rings? Of course, there are occasions on which neither Phyllis nor Corydon wish to intrude their private affairs upon their neighbours, nor to assert exclusive claims; and in such cases I agree with Mr. d'Auvergne, the State has no just call to intervene. Then, again, we must remember that "there is many a slip," and Phyllis might be prudent to exact an agreement from Corydon in case of accident, in order to safeguard herself against being saddled with the undivided responsibility of the child; and this agreement would be of no avail without the legal sanction. It is this agreement which is the kernel of the marriage-contract! Most of us think that the woman who is willing to dispense with this agreement is a very foolish and improvident person. Hence the contempt in which women so circumstanced are held. It is possible to be even criminally trustful. We have not much sympathy with the man who is the victim of the confidence trick! A woman should not run this risk, and the man who allows her to do so, still worse the man who cajoles her into doing so, is a cad. It does not follow that the law should punish the man, or take any steps in the matter. Firstly, because it cannot. There may be other reasons, with which we need not trouble. Your contributor says that our law admits that paternity can be established. This is hardly correct. Our law claims that paternity can be declared for certain purposes, mainly financial, but denies that it can be established. An affiliation order does not make the alleged bastard the son of his putative father; it merely establishes a prima facie presumption for the child's own good. For this reason, although "legitimate" children are compelled to maintain their parents in old age, to the extent of "keeping them off the rates," the "bastard" is under no such obligation. Mr. d'Auvergne holds that "the birth of a child should ipso facto create a marriage between the parents," although this would involve récherche de la paternité, and also the recognition of polygamy, for which last objection he does not "care one jot." There are many things in the article to which one may heartily assent; but perhaps I have said sufficient to satisfy "some of your readers that, before deciding what the State ought to do, it were well to begin at the beginning. Wordsworth Donisthorpe. ®&gt;. ® ® To the Editors of the freewoman. Mr. Arthur D. Lewis says single-taxers are "on the right road, but not aiming at the right destination." "The Socialist ideal" is the destination. We will suppose that Karl Marx was a Socialist. In "Capital," Vol. III., p. 723, he says; "Monopoly of landed property remains the basis of the capitalist mode of production, just as it does of all other modes of production which rest on the exploitation of the masses." Does not an evil disappear when its basis is removed? Who can now say how much we will need to do after the basis of exploitation is removed? Marx believed in the power of free land to aid labour, for his first demand, in the "Manifesto". is "Abolition of private property in land, and application of all rents of lands to public purposes." Therefore Marx was a single-taxer in 1847. I suggest that believers in Malthus read Book II., "Progress and Poverty," by Henry George, then decide if anything remains in their minds on which to base their belief. The book can be had for fourpence, of the Land Taxation League, or I will mail a copy gratis to addresses sent me at 6, Haymarket, S.W. Chas. F. Hunt. ® ® ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. Why was Mr. Lewis's article in last week's FREEWOMAN given such an idiotic title? Surely "The Unimportance of the Woman's Suffrage Movement" was what he was urging. To the Socialist, the article appeared as nothing more than a somewhat incoherent collection of commonplaces; but to many strenuous Suffragettes this treatment of women's enfranchisement 172 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 as merely one milestone on one of the many roads to the attainment of complete sex equality must be new. Though most of them pay lip service to the doctrine that the vote is merely an instrument, and not the final goal of women's political activity, yet in actual practice the average Suffragist refuses to think beyond that blessed day when "Le Roy le veult" is subscribed to a Suffrage Bill extending the franchise to women. Men have long discovered that the polling booth is not the entrancechamber to heaven. The reason for the undisguised contempt with which the whole "Votes for Women" agitation is treated by the majority of working women lies in the fact that the only serious disabilities they suffer under are economic disabilities. Economic equality is the first condition of all other sex equality. The vote is only one of many methods of gaining economic equality, and not the most fruitful. G. E. M. London School of Economics (Univ. of London). ® ® ®&gt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. I read the first paragraph of "Notes of the Week" in the last number of The Freewoman, first with interest, second with surprise, and last with wonder. I refer to the paragraph in which the writer puts forth her views on Education as it exists at present. May I reply to that paragraph? First, why "do we believe that a better result was obtained from the earlier system, i.e., the system of Granny School, Church School, and Mechanics' Institute, and on what grounds is that belief founded? I presume because, as the writer states, without actual proof, the "outcome of the earlier system was increased individuality." I ask, under which system have the majority of the existing working classes been educated? Are the conditions of the working classes any better now than forty years ago? Yes, they have felt discontent, and more than feeling it, they have expressed it; they desire to better their own conditions, and they have taken steps to do so. Has not this improved condition of activity anything to do with education? To quote again from the "Notes": "If that education is not going to hand over children to their parents, at least as rich in human variety and quality as they were when seized upon by the schools. ..." Now, dealing with Elementary Schools, the type of child that enters those schools at the age of five is generally a child of the working classes, and a child whose ideas and perceptions are limited by home associations. Could anyone argue the fact that with the increased associations of school life its perceptions do not become widened? And school life, even in elementary schools, is not the dull, cut-and-dried, uninteresting system that the writer assumes it to be. May I ask whether the writer has recently been inside ah elementary school? I have, and I was forcibly impressed by the brightness and activity of the work being carried on. I think, too, that it is the aim of most teachers to note and encourage individuality, and individual opinion, and individual efforts. I agree with the writer in some of her statements, namely, that the schools are knowledge-ridden. That is particularly true of Secondary Schools, in those forms which are cursed by the Examination Fiend, but it is not true of the lower and non-examination forms. There, I think, all teachers aim at making their work live for the children as much as possible—nay, individuality, I hold, is increased rather than decreased. Lastly, there most distinctly are elementary souls and secondary souls. The elementary souls have elementary intellects, with neither the desire nor need to extend the period of education over nine years; whereas, the secondary intellects (secondary is a poor term, I admit) have the ambitions and the need to widen their minds. I consider that the writer has kept to the externals of her subject, and not penetrated sufficiently into the interior. She has taken into consideration the cell-wall only, and called it the cell—the vital living portion she has ignored. As an infinitesimal part of that protoplasmic portion, I object to being ignored! It is not the barrack buildings which make the school, but the internal activity. One cannot judge from the external aspect only, the aspect of buildings and "flocks." The condition of the flocks depends upon the shepherd, and of good shepherds there are many, and they know their sheep. That is the vital part. Dorothy C. Leile. [We are making arrangements to give increased attention, from an editorial and contributors' point of view, to educational theory and practice, and hope to be able to do so very shortly. The points dealt with in the above letter will then receive an adequate discussion.—Ed.] To the Editors of THE FREEWOMAN. Your correspondent, B. L., at the close of his article, "Seeing, They Shall See Not," informs your readers how he failed to elicit from the head of a co-educational school how the Sex question was dealt with. Full information how the inter-sex question is dealt with at co-educational schools of the best type is to be found in Child Life, January, 1906, and Parents' Review, 1910, page 447. I. G. C. Curtis. January 12th, 1912. ® ® ®&gt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. The writer of the letter signed "I. G. C. Curtis," appears to have misunderstood my meaning in the latter part of my article ("Seeing, They Shall See Not"). He says that I "inform your readers how I failed to elicit from the head of a co-educational school how the Sex question was dealt with." Far from it. I elicited very clearly, as I thought I pointed out in my article—I elicited that the Sex question was not dealt with—that in the idea of this head master there was nothing to deal with, and that was the point of my criticism. I thank your correspondent for his information as to where to look for articles dealing with this matter. I have read much on the subject, but I do not happen to know the two articles he specifies. Perhaps if he has them he will feel inclined to forward them to me; I shall be only too glad to read them. In conclusion, I would like to mention that I have just come across Child-Study for January, 1912, and I think the number may interest your correspondent. It contains an article by Dr. Beresford Kingsford on "Co-Education During Adolescence," in which, among many exceedingly interesting remarks, I find this sentence quoted from Stanley Hall: "Many teachers who have run with success the machinery of our public city schools have never seen these things" (i.e., Sex difficulties in co-education schools.—B. L.), "so clandestine are they, and so invisible to those who look only upon the surface." That was my point when I referred to the particular co-education school and its head master—he had never seen." But let none think I am opposed to co-education. B. L. ® ® ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. It has occurred to me that, as the mother of a family, I ought to reply to an article on Motherhood in this week's Freewoman. I find I have given away my copy, but, as far as I can remember, I agreed heartily with the writer except on the following points :—(1) I do not think the pains and penalties of motherhood are exaggerated as a rule, and cannot see why we should attempt to minimise them. Women have been too patient in the past, and there is much danger in the ordinary male attitude that a mother's sufferings and discomforts are "natural" and inevitable—therefore negligible. (2) There are certain emotions and experiences which, I think most mothers will agree, are not to be imagined except by the mother. These supply compensations to the willing mother, apart from her pleasure in her children. (3) The writer is surely wrong in her contempt of "nursery-maiding." As a mother who has cared personally for her children, I feel strongly that it is chiefly in the ordinary daily routine of a child's life that opportunities for training and education appear. It is not possible for a stranger to "nurserymaid" for a child's body at stated hours, and hand it over to the mother for the care of its mind and heart at other stated hours. Life would be simplified if this were possible. Neither is "nursery-maiding" so unskilled. Only intelligent ministering to each child's needs and idiosyncrasies can result in the best physical, any more than mental, results. All the same, moderation is needed; both mother and children suffer if they are constantly together, and an overworked mother is no companion for her children. The ideal is—outside occupation for the mother for a few hours daily, efficient help, and smaller families— the necessary competition and companionship being found in a more social and communal life, in place of the present isolation of families. Militant Suffragist. ® ® ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. Miss (?) Jane Craig's letter in your issue of January 11th is excellent reading, until a few moments' consideration brings to mind the old saying that "It is a bad workman who complains of his tools." Are not the children the delicate, edged tools with which the mothers of each generation carve and form the destiny and trend of the following one? Are not all those fathers that Miss Craig mentions much more the product of their mothers than of their fathers? This seems obvious when we know that for nine months previous to his separate January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 173 existence on earth, and for five to seven years after it, every child of whatever social sphere comes under the distinct influence and teaching of every passing mood of the mother or of the woman who replaces her. Even when the father's employment or pleasures do not take him from home, he cannot, excepting under unusual and unnatural circumstances, loom so large in his baby's mind as does the mother; and it is during those first years that the foundation of the man's character is shaped and laid. Hence the acknowledged fact that "every great man has had a good mother." Is it wonderful that so many men of to-day are degenerate in physique and shameful in conduct when we know how many mothers refuse to act a mother's part so soon as physical laws will permit? A hired girl or woman, usually of an inferior class— because cheaper !—"rocks the cradle" of the boy who in after years is to play his part in "ruling the world." It is quite usual for mothers to leave to or to ask others to inform their children on those matters which their own false modesty causes them to shrink from explaining to their growing family; and they allow their sons and daughters to travel to school or start their careers, either lamentably ignorant or grossly misinformed, both as to the laws of their own bodies and their duties to society. Neither men nor women can be made moral by Act of Parliament, and ten thousand votes will not mend matters, unless along with that much desired acquisition the young mothers of to-day profit by the mistakes of their mothers, and awaken to a sense of their own need of selfamendment. (Mrs.) Jennie C. Brace. January 13th, 1912. $ $ $ To the Editors of The Freewoman. Does your correspondent, Jane Craig, LL.A., seriously imagine that with the advent of the vote (I crave her pardon for writing the word with a small "v") prostitution is, ipso facto, to cease? that the moment at which the Women's Franchise Bill becomes law the thousands of prostitutes that exist in London will in a flash cease to exist? I hope that I shall not be accused of undue plagiarism— although, as a German poet has said, "es giebt kein Plagiart in den Philosophie"—when,I once more attempt to sum up, briefly and tersely, what appear to me to be the main causes of prostitution. First, the inability of men to indulge openly in sexual intercourse during the early years of manhood, owing to their being unable to support a wife according to the manner required by current conventions. Second, the lack of discrimination between sex-intercourse, as purely the outcome and culmination of an attachment—the crowning point, as it were—and sexintercourse also under the above circumstances, but for the purpose of continuing the race. Third, owing to the fact that convention forces a man to continue to live with a woman—likewise a woman to live with a man—after all emotional and passionate attachment has ceased to exist between them. Thus it will be seen that for the partial abolition of prostitution it is hardly necessary to wait for the vote. It can be begun to-day, at once; in fact, it has already been begun. First by approving, or rather ceasing to disapprove, of cohabitation by unmarried persons for the purpose of sex-intercourse without children—indeed, marriage merely being a State protection for mothers, it should be unnecessary for those who have no immediate intention of being mothers to make use of it. Second, by men demanding that women should be independent, a subject most ably discussed in "A New Morality—IV." Of course, it must be remembered that a great number of prostitutes are wilfully so, being merely equivalent to the men, to satiate whose desires they exist, viz., women who under present conditions find that to be the only method to obtain that which they desire, or, having once obtained it, have been obliged involuntarily to continue to have it thrust upon them, as an only means of sustenance and livelihood. Thus it will be seen that there are immediate means to hand for alleviating prostitution other than the VOTE! —Yours faithfully, HARRY J. BIRNSTINGL. January 13th, 1912. © $ $ To the Editors of The freewoman. Re last par of page 143. The Co-operative Wholesale Society makes biscuits under decent conditions at Crumpsall, Manchester, but these biscuits can be obtained only from Co-operative Societies—the West London, Edmonton, Woolwich, Stratford, etc., etc. The C.W.S. biscuit factory is the only eight-hour works in England. Success to The Freewoman! S. B. Hocking. Great Fleas. IF one should read, in the current issue of the Nineteenth Century, an article from the pen of the Abbé Ernest Dimnet, derogatory of the genius of Maurice Maeterlinck, he would perhaps be tempted to exclaim, with Lucian, in a dialogue that you know of: "I saw one who poured water into a mortar, and ground it with all his might with a pestle of iron, fancying he did a thing useful and necessary; but it remained water only, none the less." Or maybe the perusal might stimulate in him a recollection of certain great fleas, which have ever a burden of smaller fleas "upon their backs to bite 'em." And, indeed, it is the relation between the Abbé Ernest's critique and the broad principle of rhythmical progression so aptly imaged by De Morgan's jingle that has prompted this present essay. Mystically, though intuitively, and perhaps a little vaguely conscious of the drift and meaning of Life, the vastness of its Unity, and the utter incapacity of words to reveal the How and the Why and the Wherefore of it, the Man of Genius is limited in his expression by the very intensity of his temperament and the potency of his intellect; has occasion sometimes to regret that his too piquant sensibilities have fallen upon an age so far to the rearward of them that his culture even, on which he has relied for a more perfect eloquence, appears to evince a curiously inverse aspect, in that it makes him, by just so far as it has raised him above them, the less understood of his fellows at a time which, to himself at least, seems to call for a new, clear light on the prevailing chaos. Herein is found an element of tragedy; for, even because he is compelled by Nature to range a broader mental plain than the average mind can scan, and because he is able only to realise his vision in terms of his own mentality, much of his utterance must needs remain beyond the capacity of the mediocre to understand. His mind moves on, as it were, to the beat of a larger, more generous rhythm, each wave whereof embraces perhaps a thousand of their puny ripples, itself acquiring a knowledge of their minutest motions, but not by them understood, save only on those rare occasions when the smaller waves of the one momentarily absorb the larger ripples of the other, affording the latter a brief clear glimpse of the veiled waters that lie beyond the uppermost crest of the former. This temporary mergence of the small mind in the great is the circumstance upon which we rely for our knowledge of genius, and recurs with a frequency determined by the degree in which we are possessed of the "rhythmic sense," the supreme endowment wherewith is the sign-manual of genius, and whose entire absence in one marks him an imbecile. Just as a sound judgment of the astronomer's worth would be sought of one having a knowledge of the heavens, so also, in a sane estimate of genius, he will excel who more nearly conforms to its highest characteristics, whose mind is more often absorbed in its rhythm. And when the genius of a Mystic is in question, it were perhaps well to discover in what measure he complies with the demands of that somewhat elusive quality, in this mystic sense. A Mystic is one who has perceived that there is a unity of purpose in Nature, and who judges the relations of phenomena from the standpoint of that belief, whose mind has been arrested by the strange correspondence between things apparently diverse, the 174 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 soul of man in the budding rose, the star in the grain of corn; and if he shall be able completely to unify his conception of life, then is he undeniably a genius, great in this final reckoning in proportion as he is able to transcribe his vision in words, or in some other definite and lasting form, and so perpetuate what he has seen. The Abbé Ernest Dimnet takes too much for granted (and too little), is surprised in consequence to find contradictions in his author's early works, seeks thereby to rule him from the ranks of greatness, though, as he naively confesses, he cannot hope to convince everyone that Maeterlinck is not really the great flea we have thought him, but something much less, not improbably one of those smaller fleas which prey upon the truly great, and whom none but posterity can hope ever to depose. These contradictions seem greatly to have troubled the Abbé, for they are the woeful premise upon which the whole structure of his argument is built; woeful because, of the two views that may be taken of this premise, the one will show us that the critic does not understand himself, and the other that he has failed to conceive his author. Let us see what others have said on the subject before venturing an opinion ourselves. Walt Whitman has written: "Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself!" which meant either that he had a perfect right to do so, or that it was quite impossible that he should, and that the contradiction were only in the seeming, a discrepancy which existed only in his critic's mind, born of his narrow vision, his lack of the "rhythmic sense," but to himself quite clear and apposite, because he was tuned to perceive a more subtile relation between the apparently conflicting statements. In Whitman's mouth, because THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. of his arrogance, because he believed that the individual is himself the only standard of what is right, and "each one the measure of all things to himself," it partook perhaps of both these meanings. He might also have argued: "It is possible for me to contradict you, or you, me; but myself I cannot contradict, for myself is what I now am, not what in a moment I shall be, nor yet what in time past I once was; just now and here am I, all else that I was, that I still may be are not myself, not I." Emerson, too, has written: "What have great men to do with consistency ?" And the reply is that, in the original connotation of the word, they can have nothing to do with it if they would remain consistent with themselves. The word has a fine range of meaning politically, but expresses doom to all great thought. Let us not disguise the fact that to be sincere with one's self now requires the sacrifice of at least a portion of what one has been. The "differentiation" characteristic of all progress demands that our mental elements shall change their relations perpetually, and it is difficult to conceive how the young Maeterlinck should satisfy this law and yet not contradict himself. It is as though one should deny Tolstoi his niche because his life is divisible into two distinct periods, the latter of which entirely negates the former, as futile as to contend that Wilde could have written "De Profundis" without having gone to the depths. And here we may note that the Abbé Ernest devotes his entire attention to the early prose poems of his author, neglecting even to touch upon the later work for the precise reason that it has been projected in dramatic form, the which is an abomination unto the Abbé, as we glean from his disapproval of Maeterlinck's whim in dedicating the "Treasure of the Lowly" to an actress. This careful avoidance of the maturer Maeterlinck has a peculiar interest when we remember that the full power of his intellect was not made manifest until he wrote "Tintagiles"—a. fact of which the Abbé cannot but be aware—the thought of which must have troubled the critic not a little, after having avowed his purpose to give to his author, at the crowning period of his life, "all the attention that unusual success demands, whether it be merited or not." This is his own, one of his own contradictions, the right to which we will not deny him; but how will he reckon with Octave Mirbeau, with James Huneker, and with a dozen others who have devoted critical essays to the genius of Maurice Maeterlinck, the dramatist, and who have found in him a man greater than the youth of "The Treasure of the Lowly" and "The Life of the Bee"? And how, finally, will he deal with one who has said: "I have never met one woman who did not bring to me something beautiful"? Selwyn Weston. Idealism and Feminism. IN the endeavour to improve existing conditions and in the practical working out of that endeavour, the clear and whole perception of the Ideal, which is—-and must be—at the root of all good and true desire—the cause, as it were, of the effect—is apt to become blurred and faded, and even entirely lost; and then—soon or late—the work must fail, at any rate in its righteousness. Idealism is not something to be adopted occasionally, and with regard merely to the large and most important matters, like a religion only thought of on Sunday when church bells are ringing, but it is for the ordinary and everyday things of life. One January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 175 cannot ask can the Ideal become Reality—it is Reality, because it is a Truth. Being essential in all kinds and manner of reform, in all progress, it is none the less but even more so in regard to the relationship of the sexes, the basis of the question of Feminism; but in many of the verbal discussions and written articles dealing with this and other subjects it seems almost entirely lost sight of—or, perhaps more correctly, proposals are made which push it into a shadowy and dim background—as when, in the question of the necessary readjustment of the marriage state, remedies arrived at are a return to polygamy—a distinct "going back"—and that the wife should receive a salary for her housework, and be—as stated in a former number of THE FREEWOMAN—a paid employée of her husband. This is surely dragging marriage down to a lower level than already exists, instead of placing it on a higher. It is setting it on an entirely business footing. Do away with socalled sentimentalism, by all means, but true sentiment, a wholly different thing, must be the foundation of marriage. In the words of John Stuart Mill, "Union of thoughts and inclinations and ideals is the ideal of married life. .. but more by a real enriching of the two natures, each acquiring the tastes and capacities of the other in addition to its own. .. when the two persons care for great objects, and are a help and encouragement to each other in whatever regards them; minor matters on which these tastes may differ are not at all important to them, and there is a foundation for solid friendship of an enduring character more likely than anything else to make it through the whole of life a greater pleasure to each to give pleasure to the other than to receive it." "Union of thoughts, inclinations and ideals"— this with equality of rights will go far to make for a life-long and monogamous marriage—(with, of course, complete dissolution should it prove a mistake and the love of one for the other die; no truly self-respecting woman could go on living with a man knowing his love for her to be dead). Woman, in the past, owing to her artificial and subjected state, has been sadly deficient in Ideals, moral or otherwise, but with this realisation is there much tendency to better this in the present and future woman? In spite of the steadily growing thought current in literature, on the stage, and in the lecture, on the subject of Feminism, it is an amazing fact how little knowledge, thought and care concerning such matters even the higher educated girl possesses. In spite perhaps of an advanced University learning, an apparent freedom and fearlessness, how intensely disappointing, usually, is her moral ideal, her treatment of the other sex, and more particularly her ideals and thoughts concerning friendliness or marriage with the same. Bright, really clever, intelligent and independent, how extraordinarily easily amused and pleased she is with the average musical comedy, the average farcical play, and the many "turns" and allusions of the average music-hall, which are by no means elevating, but quite often really disgusting. That the artificial system of school life is, in a great measure, responsible for all this, there can be little doubt—the unnecessary, unnatural, and therefore impossible code of life and rules in so many schools deliberately aims at the prevention of any encouragement or cultivation of Idealism and high-mindedness, and the destroying of any natural inclination to such that girl may possess. It is no exaggeration to say that deceit is bred and encouraged—though, one supposes, unmeaningly— by rules utterly impossible for any spirited, "alive" girl, or anybody else, to carry out, which are enforced so strongly in the boarding school in which the higher middle-class girl receives her education, moral and otherwise, during important and impressionable years of her life. What a noble profession is that of a teacher, one to whom the human mind is entrusted, "who helps girls to be women" as one of them remarked to the writer; how few, how very few, realise the vast responsibility, the meaning of the work. Instead of a set of prayers in the morning (to most girls a mere outward and empty form) and church twice on Sunday, how much better to cultivate a moral Idealism in everyday human life and relationship. And—another aspect of the matter—girls, in "finishing" their education—as though it ever could be finished— are not made acquainted with the names even of those who stand at the head of womanhood, to say nothing of their splendid work and lives, public and private. Such women as Mrs. Josephine Butler, Prudence Crandall, and Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Fry and Olive Christian Malvery. Taking one point only, this knowledge would help enormously to stamp out the still prevalent idea that if a woman is interested in and works for the common good, those people and duties nearest her must inevitably suffer! And what more beautiful and helpful essays could be studied than those of Emerson? Let us have ideals, and hold and keep them then in view, and spread the love of Idealism, and there will be general—and not in a fraction of society only—an equal standard of morals for men and women, equal rights, and not a superiority of one sex over the other, but a true and right equality "Here or nowhere, is this Ideal; work it out therefrom, and working, believe, live, be free." C. M. H. Edwards. Flannelette. If purchasers of this useful material for Underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the risks they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. Horrockses' Flannelettes (made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills, and Sheetings) are the best. "HORROCKSES" stamped on selvedge every five yards. Awarded the Certificate of The Incorporated Institute of Hygiene. 176 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 The Unspeakable. IT has hitherto been considered improper for women to write or speak on certain subjects. But "circumstances alter cases." Now that women are educated equally and work publicy side by side with men, no subject that is made publicly known can be held to be unsuited for discussion by men and women together. There Can be nothing but agreement with Emerson's contention that every subject can be discussed if treated in the right way. At the present time all sorts of efforts are being made to induce women to study every phase of hygiene, and especially everything that touches the home and its children. This being so, and seeing that for every man afflicted with the unspeakable, at least an equal number of women are involved; and seeing that men lay the responsibility of it all upon women; and seeing that men in consequence are utterly unequal to and unready for any action for the removal of the evil; and seeing its fatal effects in home and children, it behoves women to take up the task of cure, no matter at what cost. If men alone were involved it might be left to them to stamp out the evil and purify themselves when they are tired of its suffering and humiliation. But the evil involves women and children and the stability of the nation and the Empire, and, like other infectious diseases, it spreads in every direction, sweeping into its tide the innocent and helpless, and is all the more deadly in that it works in secret and in a conspiracy of silence. When women awake to their womanhood they are most intensely logical, as irresistibly logical as law; and now that the medical inspection of school children has made known a really serious state of devitalisation and imperfection, necessitating an ever-increasing burden of medical treatment and costly cure, made compulsory because of the danger to national status, women will naturally and wisely ask—if not in words—in instinctive action, What is the use of all this costly, exhaustive fuss of cure if an insidious disease is permitted that destroys vitality and sows the seeds of disease before ever the children are born? Why should women suffer the agonies of motherhood only to see their children fade like blighted flowers? In the Navy the percentage of such disease is known because of frequent compulsory examination. In the world at large there is not even so slight a safeguard. There is no reason to suppose that the men in the Navy are a whit more prone to incur it than an equal number in any town or city of the nation. If rats threaten the health of numbers of people by spreading the germs of cholera or plague, instant means are taken to kill all the rats and so stamp out the danger of infection. Without wishing to liken human disease-bearers to rats, one cannot but ask, Why stamp out one source of disease and not another? If leprosy appears, those infected are isolated for life. If typhoid or other fevers appear, again isolation is compulsory and disinfection severe. When one thinks of the possibilities of public baths and other places, one realises how imperative it is that there shall be no more silly silence about such a disease than about any other. Quite recently the Bishop of London charged women with selfishness because they do not hasten to incur the "glory of motherhood." Nothing was said by him of the glory of fatherhood, nor of how motherhood is to be safeguarded against a disease which of a surety destroys all the glory of parentage. Not long ago the leaders of the suffrage societies were advised to keep the subject of sex out of their propaganda, for the reason that men will not agree to an equality of purity. But what is not yet realised, as it will be, is that, whether women are granted the vote or not, this question of equal purity is being forced to the front by the pressure of national population. Men must either purify themselves and assure women of that fact, or parentage must dwindle to the very lowest. For by no power of force or reason can such reports be made public, and educated women be expected to bear the children of such disease. There will be no sort of compulsion about it; it will simply become impossible for any man to face a woman with suggestion of marriage without a positive assurance of a good bill of health. For though men may blind themselves amongst themselves, not even self-dishonour can quite destroy their sense of honour towards the women they wish to marry when they know that women know. We are proud of our Imperial prestige, but reports in public newspapers are world-wide reading. Englishmen look with scorn on the men of the East for keeping their women secluded and safeguarded. What will India have a right to reply when reading of the effect of the non-seclusion of women? Cholera takes its toll heavily in India, but that kills only the body and is not passed on to another generation. The unspeakable may not kill the body, but it does worse—it kills the soul. For no soul-life is possible without honour, and there can be no sense of honour in anyone who, suffering from disease, goes freely about the world, radiating, like a upas tree, physical and moral poison, shielding the one called the stronger by making a scapegoat of the one called the weaker. Surely dishonour cannot deeper go! In an Empire such as this such things may not be with impunity because of the force of example. It was bad enough while it was hidden in secret, but such a report, once published, no power in heaven or on earth can again shut the door of silence. What has been done in secret is now made known in the sight of the whole world. The Contagious Diseases Acts were refused because they would have made confusion worse confounded, and the position of women instantly unendurable. But it should not be impossible to pass a law that no man should marry without presenting, with his licence, his clean bill of health, and reckless childbirth should be rendered impossible. Ellen S. Gaskell. THE INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP. A New Series of Six AT HOMES will start on Sunday next, 21st January, LANTERN LECTURE by J. J. MALLON, on "Men's Wages and Women's." Chair: MABEL ATKINSON. A BENEFIT PERFORMANCE, in aid of the funds, will be given on Sunday, 28th January, at 8 p.m., including G. B. SHAW'S "THE MAN OF DESTINY," MISS JEAN STERLING MACKINLAY IN OLD SONGS, and A New Anti-Armaments Play, "THE CORONATION." All Seats must be booked before date. Prices: 1/to £3 3 0, from 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND. January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 177 Education from the Universal Standpoint.* THE EDUCATION OF THE PARENT. II. THERE is a saying, common both to literature and conversation, that we learn by grief and by pain. It is the expression of a feeling that has arrived in the hearts of every nation that has allowed itself to build great cities and pack its population densely in certain places. It is, indeed, the expression of a feeling which has cropped up in every civilisation since the world began. And the fact that it has occurred so often and in such widely separated regions is in itself a fairly sure sign that it contains some truth. Undoubtedly it does. We can find, by examination of the lives of great people, that wonderful work has often been done by those who have experienced much grief, or by those whose invalid bodies have caused them immense pain. And it is said that those people learned to do their wonderful work by that grief and that pain. Perhaps they did—to some extent. Perhaps we all do learn something by grief and by pain. But is not such knowledge of a rather negative kind? Do we not learn thus only what to avoid? Surely the wonderful work done by those people was done in moments when they had no pain nor grief, or at least in moments when they could forget them. At any rate, if we grant that they learned something thus, there is still a very pertinent question to be asked. How much more wonderful might their work have been if they had known health and joy? That is something that we do not know, for health and joy are rare among the adults of any civilised nation. We only have samples of them—or memories of them left, from childhood. We plod on through life, most of us, without knowing the joy of merely being alive, just as we plod on at work in which we find no pleasure. And the saying that we learn by pain and by grief is weak, is the expression of a weak person or nation, accepting conditions as they are instead of striving to improve them. It is as weak as shedding tears over one who weeps. In our hearts we all know that perfectly well, and if we but think of ecstatic moments in our childhood, before the world's grief and pain oppressed us, we shall get some idea of the realms of wonder and beauty that will be open to us if only we can keep, when adult, the health and joy and outlook of a child. Indeed, we might almost say that we shall have access to these realms of beauty and wonder if only we have health, for with health there cannot help being happiness, and with happiness there cannot help being beauty and wonder and loving thoughts. Health is, in fact, the most pressing need of every civilisation, and the lack of it has been the cause of the fall of every great people. We can read that in historical records as well as feel it in ourselves, and we ought to realise that we cannot but be unbalanced so long as we are not sound in the body. It must not be assumed that we place physical health above mental and spiritual things. We do not. We put it on the same level, feeling that all are important, and that we are not in a position to say that one is more important than another, for the fact is, of course, that they all interact continually. But it is foolish to have intellectual * Copyright. and spiritual ideals without having physical ideals too—foolish and useless to have occult knowledge or psychic powers if they cannot be translated into the daily round; equally foolish to say that only the tangible is real, or only the spirit is real, for a dream is as real as a cabbage, and a cabbage as real as a dream. They are all essential for perfect balance, and no matter how spiritual a man is, he cannot command the full power of his light if his body is not sound; and no matter how well developed a man's body is, he cannot command the full power of it unless he works with his light, his soul. There is nothing new in that. It is a truth that we all know in our hearts, for no one ever really believed only in matter or only in spirit. It is merely this: that we are apt to pay more heed to one than the other, and so lose balance. It is obvious, of course, that we should all be striving always to substitute spirit for matter; but while our soul inhabits this temple of the body we ought surely to make the temple as beautiful as possible, and there is not one of us so weak that he cannot help himself to greater health than he now possesses. When we know the value of health, arid see the necessity of it for perfect poise, we shall learn how to attain it. It is true that we hear from everybody's lips that prevention is better than cure, and we have no doubt that that is so; but in practice how few of us give any heed to the maxim! We accept the conditions in which we find ourselves, plod on till we are ill, and then hasten to the physician. We hope, of course, then to purchase health with the money that we have amassed in the hours in which we have ignored it; and, naturally, we are disappointed, for health cannot be bought at any price. It is something that for adults in all civilised nations can only be attained by conquest, by a continual striving towards simpler dress, simpler diet, simpler faith, simpler pleasures. It can only be attained thus by us, because our ancestors drifted slowly away from the way of nature, and in consequence suffered in themselves and left us a heritage of ill-health. If that seems unfair to us—that the sins of fathers shall be visited upon their children—-we must remember that if we follow the way of nature, and look to the Light instead of to the physician, we can get (in time) health for ourselves, and, having realised the value of it, we shall leave it as our legacy to our children, instead of working to leave them money and possessions. For of what use are money and possessions, if a man has not health? Money cannot buy it for him, and possessions are a poor substitute, giving, at most, some pleasure that must pall. And of what use are money and possessions if a man has health? If he has health, he will know that it is more valuable than money and possessions. If he has health he will not want possessions. He will want freedom, and feel that possessions are an impediment to it. If he has health he will be happy, and, whether or not he makes any conscious effort to help humanity, he cannot but help by being what he is. If he has health, he will have self-control, will aim at self-reliance; and that is the ideal for each of us to strive for, whether we are men or women. Health is so valuable, in fact, and so important, that we might almost say that it is nine-tenths of education. It is only the weak child that likes to be waited upon and has no thirst for learning. Children that are sound hate to have things done for them, are seeking all day, in every direction whatever, and are alert with all their senses to catch any truth. They only need suggestion, a little encouragement, perhaps, and love. They want to learn, though (very naturally) they may not want 178 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 deliberate instruction; and they will learn directly for themselves (which is the very best way in the World to learn) if only they have health and freedom. We often hear parents say that their children cannot be very well, when they lose their tempers or get sulky. No doubt that is perfectly true. And instead of sending them to school to learn things which are practically useless in life, they should do nothing but study how their children should be made well. When health is assured, then we can turn to other things. Till that is assured, we have no right to expect anything of children. And by health we do not mean the capacity to get through a day's work somehow, anyhow, but the capacity to be happy merely because one is alive. When children have that capacity, their characters, which are what schools pretend to form, will arrive quite simply and quite naturally, as a flower grows open to the sunshine; and with freedom given as well, each child will develop its own individuality. There is, then, no heritage greater than health and freedom. If parents can give these to their children (they can, of course, give love), they have given everything. But they cannot give those till they have got health for themselves and freedom for their thoughts. And that is the duty of parents —to get health for themselves and a mind open to receive and free from prejudice. In fact, the first duty of every man, whether parent or not, is the same to himself as to others: That duty is to be well; and that is the most important part of the self-education of the parent. Since, however, there are only a few, a very few, in any civilisation who have lived simply enough to know how to help themselves to greater health, we will cite a number of means by which each can gradually become stronger and stronger. The Freewoman. THE title I have placed at the head of the present article is one which gives food for reflection. In the first place, no two persons will be able to agree upon the significance of the term employed. Those of us who think boldly and speak frankly must be agreed that it is woman's right and duty to be free equally with man. There can be no question about this. When one has exhausted the stock of masculine hysteria that passes muster for serious argument against feminism, and noted the domestic and social ruffianism that goes hand-in-hand with the degradation of woman, one has only to be possessed of a sense of common decency to feel convinced that there is absolutely no case against feminism; to know that woman must and shall be free. Indeed, the way in which the condition of woman question is canvassed gives occasion for many merry smiles, and even more half-pathetic, semi-ridiculous touches of humour. The masculine intellect prepares to do battle with the social menace of woman's freedom; it shelters itself behind every form of social privilege and corruption; resorts to the chivalrous tactics of guerilla warfare in its assaults upon the intellectual incapacity of the weaker sex; and is surprised by the very weakness of its case until a woman becomes its exponent. And then how glad mere masculinity is; how it doffs its hat to the feminine intelligence that espouses its reactionary aspirations; and without sense of dignity or shame declares that the woman who has marshalled all the political arguments against woman's suffrage has proven beyond dispute, and with a power that no man could equal, that woman is a political incapable! No; there is nothing to fear from anti-feminism; it is tottering to its grave, unattended by either respect or public affection. Its own guides, supporters, and friends are gentlemen who have picked up their morals in the neighbourhood of military camps. Let it go. The powerful enemies of woman's freedom are to be found in the camp of feminism itself, and not in that of the anti's. And they are all marshalled under the one banner—the banner of "Respectability." I do not mean to say that the "Respectables" eschew militant tactics. On the contrary, they may be foremost in advocating them and resorting to them. It is not what we do, but what we aim at doing, what we yearn for and what we are, that decides whether we are respectable or not. And the trouble with respectability is that it lacks dignity. This is because it is not true in itself; it lacks the saving grace of reality, and consequently pretends to being what it is not. Let me state the problem differently. Woman has been socially enslaved and degraded for centuries. Her virtues have been turned into vices, because they have been employed for the purpose of her enslavement. Two thousand years ago, Christ preached a doctrine that rallied pagan women to his standard, because it breathed sympathy with the oppressed, betrayed breath of vision and purity of heart. The Apostle Paul, a semi-pagan, imposed, in the former's name, a different doctrine on mankind; and the orthodox Church fathers, being more pagan than Christian, invented fearful doctrines, improved on Paul, and perpetuated the pagan degradation of woman. The consequence is that throughout the Christian cen If you do not already subscribe to "THE FREEWOMAN," or should you experience difficulty in obtaining your copy regularly from your Newsagent or Bookstall, we suggest that you kindly fill in the form attached and post it to us without delay. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Post free to any address in the Postal Union. Twelve months, 14s.; six months, 7s.; three months, 3s. 6d. To STEPHEN SWIFT  CO., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Dear Sirs, Please enter my name as a subscriber to "THE FREEWOMAN" for.. .. months, commencing with issue dated-........................................Cheque or P.O. enclosed for:: herewith. Name.......................................................................... Address.............................. ................. January 18, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 179 turies woman has laboured under difficulties. Man has given useless books to the world; they have been duly boomed and forgotten. Woman, where she has possessed genius, has killed herself in striving to secure an avenue of expression. All this is true. And woman has still triumphed. George Eliot, the Brontë sisters, George Sand, Mary Woolstonecraft, to instance but a few names, evidence the truth of this assertion. The struggle has been severe; the triumph a conferment of dignity. Reason, in the face of such facts, tells us woman is the equal of man. It is here that "respectable," if militant, suffragism comes on the scene. The facts I have mentioned supply it with excellent arguments. Beyond this, there is room for theorising and humour. The espousal of a great cause does not mean that one must never smile. So far, so good. But "respectable" suffragism stops short of insisting upon woman's equality with man, at the same time as it is going beyond the bright smile and legitimate deduction from the nature of the tasks woman has attempted and performed. Let us take a glance at what some consider to be "woman's freedom." "The extension of the vote to woman on the same terms as it is granted to man." I do not wish to analyse this claim too severely, only to put forward a few arguments exposing its inherent absurdity, its failure to secure what it pretends to desire. Once in a debate I was opposing anti-Parliamentarian Socialism to the Parliamentary commodity; and as I was about to answer a question put to me on my position, it flashed across my mind that the evil with Parliamentarism lay in this fact: it was petitioning instead of taking, pleading instead of defying. The simile occurred to me of the Atheist praying to God only to tell him he did not believe in him. And fury does not make the pleading less humble. I wish to be understood. I am not going to trot out the worn-out arguments against militant tactics, that they are unladylike, etc. I am too keenly aware of the insulting, sensuous lengths to which masculine brutality descended in its assaults upon the pioneers of the militant tactics. And those tactics have brought the question of woman's social position to the front without a doubt. But still woman only pleads with Cabinet Ministers and male voters to vote for the extension of the franchise. She takes nothing; does not even seek to emancipate herself from a single chain that binds her; only pleads and stamps her foot and breaks a window or smacks a face. And her freedom? It is reduced to the level of a small political item, one among many, that few people take the trouble to understand amidst the sound and fury of insincere electioneering. The trouble with militant tactics is that they lack a militant aim. They do not say to woman: "Here is the garden of life! See, here is the fruit of joy and liberty ready for plucking! Do not plead! Do not humble yourself before the master of the garden, whose ownership is a usurpation! Take, pluck, eat; it is yours, for the plucking! A woman is mistress of her soul, every inch as much as man. THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN. By PHARALL SMITH. Crown 8vo. Cloth. 6s. Original and Unconventional. The central idea of this novel is that, in those cases in which the love of a man and a woman is sincere and genuine, it is of necessity sinless, and consequently that they should be free to indulge it, the consequences being faced by the State. Original and full of force, this novel, containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes. London: STEPHEN SWIFT  CO.. LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi. By her individuality, by her defiance, she can earn her freedom. By calmness and insistence she can emancipate herself; and no Act of Parliament, no law of man, can say her nay! " Presently I will tell my readers what this means. But I want, first of all, to dismiss what I have termed the illegitimate deductions so many Feminists draw from woman's equality with man. We are told that if only woman has the vote, and if, afterwards, she is only returned to Parliament, the social problem will be so excellently attended to, social slavery will vanish, justice will reign, etc. All of which is nonsense. Woman is the equal of man. True; and because she is his equal, she conforms or does not conform, is Conservative or Liberal, Individualistic or Socialistic, given to govern or to cringe, to democracy or autocracy, in much the same way as a man. She can be heroic in revolt, and despicable in autocracy, equally with man; a Louise Michel or a Catherine of Russia. Honesty, then, bids us remember that whilst woman is entitled to all the rights that man enjoys, the extension of the franchise to her will leave the social problem untouched. And now with regard to that garden. Women advocate for equality, yet marry men and lose their identity in that of the man by taking his name. Why do they not assert the supremacy of motherhood, insist on the negation of the conception of woman now abroad as an instrument of man's lust, put an end to man's power to send innocent girls and women on the road to prostitution, by daring to form free-love unions, and preserving their own names, without fear or shame? To do this is to take an important step forward in the struggle for emancipation. It puts an end to the lie of the priest and the filth of the divorce court. It combines dignity and freedom, liberty and purity. And it removes from many children a stigma that ought never to be cast upon them, whilst it abolishes the cant, whereby the child that is the offspring of a marriage of convenience—born but a few months after the legal contract—is regarded as "being born in Wedlock," whilst the offspring of a more honourable but non-legal contract is socially banned. In this matter, women should consult their own dignity and the sense of justice. And they should not be misled, even by publicists like G. B. Shaw, whose pose of advancement and affectation of immoralities in writing, really helps the cause of reaction far more than that of progress. For the rest, the legal marriage bond will have to go if the equality of the sexes is to become a fact. Why not begin at once? Guy A. Aldred. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. 180 THE FREEWOMAN January 18, 1912 NEW YEAR NOVELS. SIX SHILLINGS EACH. THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN By PHARALL SMITH Original and full of force, this novel, containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes. In this book the author has handled a difficult subject with the utmost of delicacy consistent with perfect frankness. While telling his story fearlessly, he does so without sensationalism. With nobility of manner and passionate sincerity he relates one of the sordid tragedies common to our great cities, but the story is told with such reserve and such impartiality that the zeal of the sociologist is never allowed to destroy the delicacy of the artist. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN With a Preface by JOHN MASEFILD THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD An interesting story of the psychological development of the modern woman. The problem of marriage is presented at a new angle, and treated with the touch of modernity. A character more interesting it would be difficult to find. Never before have Germans, from a social standpoint, been written about with so much insight, or their manners and habits described with such delicious naivete and minute skill. IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD "Mr. Stephen Swift seems to be identifying himself with most of the coming men and women of brain and intellect." —The Tatler commenting on "The Freewoman." LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GILL The writer has opened a fresh field of fiction, and has presented a striking picture of life in the Swedish settlements of Western Canada. The author is intimately acquainted with the life of these colonists, and has studied his characters on the spot, while his local colour is in every way admirable. This is the second novel by the octogenarian author. The vitality of the work is nothing less than wonderful, having regard to the author's age. The BOSBURY PEOPLE By ARTHUR RANSOM "The motto adopted by Stephen Swift Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do 'compel,' and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish—unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."— Academy. Send a Postcard for "BOOKS THAT COMPEL," post free from STEPHEN SWIFT  CO., LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. P«nted by Hazell, Watson  Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.