Otherst , made OTHERS A MAGAZINE of the NEW VERSE THE CHORIC SCHOOL Dance Poems by Hester Sainsbury Kathleen Dillon John Rodker THE DUTCH DOLLS by John Rodker Vol. I,   No. 4 OCTOBER 1915 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG 15 cents a copy GRANTWOOD,   N. J. $1.50 per year ##Copyright,  1915 Alfred Kreymborg Grantwood, N. J. ##FOREWORD TO THE CHORIC SCHOOL By Ezra Pound Mr. Rodker tells me that he is 21, and I must therefore suppose that the date of his birth was somewhere in or about the year of grace 1894 . . . the decorative noon of "The Nineties." He tells me likewise that he has no history to speak of. I first came across his work during my informal connection with "The Egoist" and promptly rejected it. Later he sent me his "London Night" and in this series of poems I discerned, or believed that I discerned, the stray gleams of individuality (vide "Poetry" for Dec, 1914). In England Mr. Rodker has published one volume called "Poems." I could not make much of his cadence until one evening, after Mr. Selwin Image had read a quaint and gracious essay on Carols to the Poets Club, Miss Sainsbury and her company, including Miss Dillon, came in at the end of the hall and danced out their poems. I then understood the curious breaks and pauses, the elaborate system of dots and dashes with which this new group is wont to adorn its verses. Their dancing is touched perhaps with the ubiquitous influence of Pavlowa and "the Russians," but the planning is quite their own. Their work has about it an aroma,   sensuous   and  naively  sophisticated   fitted  to "cause admiration" to my more scholarly and puritanical mind. Remembering how great an effect Al' entrade del tens clar and the later dance songs (it was such music that sent folk dancing from Provence to the far north country) have had on our European metric and poesy, I was at once interested and excited by the possibility which their work has, a possibility of reanimating our verse. And this was all the more engaging, as it seemed certain that they had come on their form in no spirit of research, but simply because they wanted to dance and had no orchestra. Many hold that poetry was associated with dancing before men tried to wed words with music. At any rate the dance basis is fundamental in much early poetry. To preserve that laudable balance which makes men successful reviewers the apologist should here begin a sentence "Whether this new mode of dance poem . . ." T shall leave that sentence unwritten, Miss Dillon is  very charming when she dances her "Leaf." In some dance poems the "whole art" is the words with the dancing, and in such poems the isolated words are per force incomplete. June, 1915. ##hester sainsbury 55 EPITHALAMION—A Dance to Words First bridesmaid speaks: The little yellow flower The silver girl With bubbling shower Of curl on falling curl On breast of slippery pearl With mouth of little baby child And eyes by passion half beguiled That droop afraid to show The little that they know Of boy And joy Is now a golden statue, a fair bride, The petals of her virgin heart spread wide. Second bridesmaid speaks: So motionless she stands With quiet feet and hands Her mouth is now a woman's mouth Her eyes are wise with instinct law Her soul perceives what Eve first saw In East and West, in North and South In budding root In pregnant fruit, The good of Life The marriage love of man and wife. ##56   hester  sainsbury Third bridesmaid speaks: The little nymph ran deep in wood And where a weeping willow stood With tearful leaves on sighing boughs She hung with parted lips And finger tips Pressed warm on dewy brows— But he the hunter came Made heaven loud with her name And caught the little downy thing With body sweet as spring And suddenly, how could it be? She was a prouder thing than he For he must take while she will give The future god for which they live— Happy husband, kiss her now On fiery lips and frozen brow— SPRING A Ballet to Words Danced by Five Dancers, Three Gi and Two Children. Earth like a butterfly Leaps in gold From its chrysalis old And stiff and cold. ##hester sainsbury 57 A frail pale sky On the brink of dissolving in dreams Covers the year's new birth; While a passionless sun spinning beams To recapture the heart of the earth— Half daring, half shy, Looking ready to die, Like a sigh, If a violent wind went by— Marries earth to the sky. The grass breaks in ripples of flowers, In purple and chrome, As a sea breaks in foam ; And the lilacs in fountains and showers Of emerald rain, fling Their tiny green buds on the wing— Just poised on the edge of the spring— To fly Bye and bye, To burst into loveliness airily fair, In garlands for dryads to weave in their hair, In a virginal dance With a scent to entrance The sweet fickle air— And late when the evening Comes subtle and blue, And stars are all opening ##58    hester   sainsbury Hearts of bright dew— The sun will slip easily, Tenderly, Bright, Out of sight, More silver than gold To behold- Not as in summer he dies, When low in the West he lies In the sanguine flood Of his own heart's blood, Shot by the shaft of the maiden moon, With regret in his eyes That the amazon comes too soon. And my little son Has run From me To the flowery hills to the dappled sea ; For somebody told him that shepherds in spring Taste the new green sap of the old screen trees, And pluck a feather from the wing Of a throstle While they sing, All together, In a ring, And toss it up into the breeze; And their brains ##hester sainsbury 59 Go mad with the ecstasy coursing their veins, And they wreathe them in violets dance them in dew, Till their ankles are blue, Through and through Enchantingly cold with sweet pains— While the sun in the clouds Gold-dapples the sheep, Till the stars in bright crowds Tempt the shepherds to sleep ; Who with eyes, wild dark, And hair like a flame, Singing still like the lark, Cry loud on the name Of each his Corinna to come and be tame To his love, Like a dove; And their sheep Turn to silver—and sleep. And my little boy With his young spring joy Will not discover the leanness of truth; With the magical, Tragical, Credence of youth He will think the sane shepherds he meets on his way Are mad to-morrow To his sorrow, Or yesterday.## 60 kathleen dillon POEMS FOR DANCING I It is a cold, grey morning, and the wind scarcely moves, and the sun cannot pierce through its covering of grey..... The wind wakes up, the trees begin to sway, and the paper in the street below is blown in a circle..... then.    .    right away..... II Oh ! moon, pale thing that shines at night, and casts the long shadows of the trees towards me. They seem to grope like long, black, tapering arms, when they are moved by the wind. ##kathleen dillon 61 Oh ! wind, the cooling rush of air, that fans my hair, when you are rough I love you. To be on a hill, with the moon and the wind, the smell of grass and trees, to dabble with the cool dew. Moon....... wind..... trees, dew, grass.    .    .   and you. ##62 john rodker TWILIGHT I Columbine, Harlequin and Pierrot sit relaxed in armchairs in a wide white room. Columbine sits swinging her legs. It grows gradually darker. They sit as though waiting. Creepers swing against the window. It grows darker. They sit as though waiting. It grows darker. Only the windows and the white linen of Pierrot and Columbine can now be seen. Harlequin a faint blur. It grows darker. Pierrot and Columbine show faintly.   The easy-chairs are rocks of shadow. They sit as though waiting.   .   . The creepers grow larger and swing against the windows. It grows darker. ##JOHN RODKER 63 THE LUNATIC Columbine is seated on a kitchen chair before a wide French window which looks onto a terrace overhanging the edge of the world. The room is very large but the wall paper is drab like a slum room. In a corner is an iron bedstead covered with very white blankets. It is a warm night. The moon can be seen rising. Columbine sits still, relaxed and brooding. The rising moon touches her naked arms. She looks round, startled and shivering. Then folds her arms over her breast. Then rises and walks in front of the window in extreme agitation. After a while she grows calmer and returns to the chair, seating herself. She remains quiet a few moments, but the moonbeams pierce her. They shine on her bare arms. She trembles, raising them and looking at them curiously   .   .   .   and lifts them slowly, suddenly kissing them. Then falls a-trembling. She rises and walks up and down in great agitation. When she grows quieter, she returns to her chair. The moon-beams fall full on her and again she ##64 john  rodker raises her arms to her lips, kissing them. She folds her arms tightly across her breast, rocking herself. She opens the window wide, leaning out as though exhausted. The moon-beams strike her.   She becomes very excited. She walks in front of the window to and fro. Then seats herself on the chair. The moon-beams are in another corner of the room and she sits relaxed and brooding. THE DUTCH DOLLS "Hi, Hi, Hi.    .   .      —Verlaine. To young men, who, being loved, therefrom engender within them a true passion, enduring nobly its heats and its chills and the vagaries of mistresses under the phases of the moon. Who, seeing each new incident with the most intimate and disillusioning psychology, yet remain silent; and having suffered with what noble forbearance, learn they are reviled therefor. Gentlemen, The Dutch Dolls! ##john rodker 65 Pierrot. To-morrow will pass like other days. Fear, hate, anger, and at times.  .  .  . peace. This till I'm with her. Then pain, anger, contempt, and in rare moments, peace. Through it all this pitiless unrest will hold me fast, till I must go terrified and blank, sombre like this street, these lowering houses, and she who watches from trivial curtains my footfalls sucked into eternity. Her first love. Leaning over her while she lay thrown back across my knees, I bruised her lips and the small hard breasts with strainings and caresses. ##66 JOHN RODKER She does not move, says nothing Is she wondering what it all means? But now and then her eyes water, their lids droop, and her lips quiver. Her face grows darker. She strains me to her desperately. It's hard to know what these young girls want ! Going home. Come with me to the station ! No! You don't love me. Oh.   .   . Come then ! "When you go I want to cry." His own eyes watered, and he felt for the handle of the door. How empty the room would be when he'd gone. The idea oppressed him. A wild straining each to each. Don't go ! He freed himself Ah, No! No! But he said sadly, you can't keep me. She went out of the room with averted head. ##john rodker 67 He knew her eyes would follow him down the street, but he did not look back at the window. She might wave to him   .   .   .   who left her thus forever— Forever. Ah.    .    .    till to-morrow. Backtalk. It's you, I love, only you! What then? You, you, only you ! As much as other men. You, you, only you ! Come then ! You, you, ah    .     .      . as much as other men. The Moonmaiden. Come ! No! I will give you a white horse. No! I will give you a white baby. No! I will give you a white house. No! I will give you my own white dead body. No ! it's cold, get my cloak. ....... ##68 john  rodker Damn you, Columbine. Then they didn't 'core you. (She weeps.) Interlude—Nostalgie de Vin fini. You tangoed with him on the lawn in the moon, and I smiled. At times you'd be strong, walk to me. You did not think I shook; hated you. And when you'd dance with me, I went away. Why do you tell me these years after, you wept for a long night? The plot thickens. I laid upon my love the spell of the kiss, and left her to her bitter pain. Outside was Carnival.## JOHN   RODKER 69 When I returned she was gone. The night was cold but I slept warm, for I said she sleeps more cold than I. That my love should leave me hurts me nothing; But that the spell of my kiss might thus easily be broken, I am ashamed. The Emperor's Nightingale. It's onlv vou, I love she says, and cannot sav aught else. Poor "Emperor's nightingale/' You, you, ah you, she sighs. But yet, when I "go off," she'll fling her kisses for all the gallery to snarl upon. And so "come off" and rapt will pass me on the stairs. ##70 JOHN   RODKER Celtic!    Y We danced, poor fools, on the world's edge. Because I saw her nimble legs clean against the sky, now there is no thing will give me ease. I'll find again that edge of the world whereon she dances. Poor fool! she dances on the world's edge. The compassionate pilgrim. I laughed, chatted gaily; was most attentive to the foil I'd brought to pique you. You'd no notion. And though you laughed, I saw through it and was not hurt. After, you stood silent, lone most pitiful. All this trouble because I could not kiss you in the crowded room. ##JOHN  RODKER 71 You wanted to keep me But they'd not let you, and you gave way. Now I'm gone and you're a memory. Silent, lone, most pitiful. The Betrayal. This face is mine, Hollow and line. The same, yet bitter wine I'm drunk upon. T'was held by one Who falsely spun A web of love, Below, above. Yet it will prove Her evil, should she turn, But see the lips agirn, Sad eyes, that burn, that burn. Excuses himself for being concerned at her going. I've written enough to you, about you and because of you; and dragged your beauty into too much light. ##72 JOHN  RODKER Now I'll nurse an aching heart and with no outlet for the pain will crush it under. I'll forget you in a while remembering you're nothing. When I was young, child of the sun, imminent with fire I did not write of women. But vou have taken the ichor from mv veins. You have watered the vitriol of my brain. Day-Dreamings. You'll be sorry later on— for I'll come back and, chancing on you in some public place, you'll tremble.   I'll be bronzed; contempt upon my face ; ah   .   .   .   not for vou, only that I'll have seen strong men dying. She that's fairest will be on my arm and in my pocket a thousand pounds. You'll laugh in spasms of fear   .    .    .   your eyes will go blank   . and I'll not sleep for thinking of you wide-eved at his side. ##JOHN  RODKER 73 In Defence. If Fd not burnt your letters as they came for fear their weight of love would stifle me, for fear when Fd grown old my children or my love would find them, or older still the pitiful scrawl across the pages would mad me with the longing— all the pain of youth that passes Would I have thus forgot them all— remembering the half of a phrase, the splash of a tear. But you kept my letters and those I wrote most passionate when I had ceased to love you, you showed most proudly. Therefore your friends think 'Poets' oh thev're but human to let themselves be scorned so by mere woman. ##74 JOHN   RODKER Columbine becomes "advanced." I hate you ! Kiss me ! Now I really hate you ! Kiss me ! There   .   .   .   you see. Oh   .   .   .   how I hate vou now. You're dull. Columbine, Good Night! ##Others for November are Richard Aldington, Frances Gregg, Helen Hoyt, Ezra Pound, Robert Alden Sanborn and Adolf Wolff. ##Hand-set and printed by the workers of the Liberty Print Shop in New York City.##