The Crisis The CRISIS New Year Number King out old shapes of foul disease, King out the narrowing lust of gold; King out the thousand wars of old, King in the thousand years of peace King in the bailant man and free, The larger heart, the kindlier hand! King out the darkness of the land, King in the Christ, that is to be! Alfred, Lord Tennyson January 1919 TEN CENTS PER COPY ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR HELP CRUSH OUT LYNCHING The Anti-Lynching Committee of the N. A. A. C. P. earnestly appeals for contributions to its Anti-Lynching Fund—no mat ter how little, or much—to back President Wilson's crusade against lynching—the monster disloyalty to America. " I say plainly that every American who takes part in the action of a mob or gives any sort of countenance is no true son of this great democracy, but its betrayer, and does more to discredit her by that single disloyalty to her standards of law and right than the words of her statesmen or sacrifices of her heroic soldiers in the trenches can do to make a suffering people believe in her, their savior." —From President Wilson's Lynchinf and Mob Violence Pronouncement. President Wilson's appeal must be heeded. The suppression of lynching has become a test of national patriotism. Lynching persists because those who practice it believe in it more strongly than the opponents of lynching believe in "ordered law and humane justice." Eight Negroes were lynched in the ten weeks following the President's pronouncement. No one was arrested or put on trial because of tnese lynchings. Every lynching must be investigated. The facts must be brought home to the people of America. Governors must be appealed to in each specific case to uphold the law. (The punishment of lynchers has been held to be an affair of local authorities in the States.) The pressure of national condemnation must be brought to bear upon local authorities everywhere. Public opinion must be aroused until it becomes a vital and compelling force. The public conscience must be stimulated to decisive action. When aroused, this awakened conscience must be organized, vitalized and centred upon effective means of action. We appeal for a fund of $10,000. Unless you do your share we shall not get it. Send check, money order, or currency to OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK MOORFIELD STOREY, President JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOISs AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 17—No. 3 JANUARY, 1919 Whole No. 99 PICTURES Pago COVER: "RING IN THE THOUSAND YEARS OF PEACE!" Words by Alfred Lord Tennyson. MEN OF THE MONTH 124 "DISTURBING THE PEACE, YOUR HONOR!" A Cartoon. By John Henry Adams 134 SOME "BUFFALO" OFFICERS WITH THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES 136 WAR WORKERS AT BRIDGEPORT, CONNECTICUT 141 A NEGRO SERVICE FLAG, NEW YORK CITY, AND WAR WORK IN ATLANTA, GA 143 ARTICLES PEACE ON EARTH. A Poem. Mary J. Washington 115 WHAT THE STATUTE COVERS AND WHAT IT DOESN'T. Philip Goodman 116 THE WAR WORK COUNCIL. J. W. Cromwell 116 WELFARE WORK AND NEGRO EMPLOYEES. George W. Blount 117 THE RETURN. A Poem. Jessie Fauset 118 TO BISHOP HOOD. A Poem. Joseph S. Cotter 125 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL Il l NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 119 MEN OF THE MONTH 123 THE OUTER POCKET 126 THE LOOKING GLASS 127 THE HORIZON 135 THE FEBRUARY CRISIS THE FEBRUARY CRISI S IS THE RECONSTRUCTION NUMBER. THE LEADING ARTICLE WILL BE THE PANAFRICAN MOVEMENT IN THE UNITED STATES. THERE WILL BE PLENTY OF PICTURES, TOO, OF DISTINGUISHED COLORED SOLDIERS. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : THE DATE OF EXPIRATION OF EACH SUBSCRIPTION IS PRINTED ON THE WRAPPER. WHEN the SUBSCRIPTION IS DUE, A BLUE RENEWAL BLANK IS ENCLOSED. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : THE ADDRESS OF A SUBSCRIBER CAN BE CHANGED AS OFTEN AS DESIRED. IN ORDERING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS, BOTH THE OLD AND THE NEW ADDRESS MUST BE GIVEN. TWO WEEKS' NOTICE IS REQUIRED. MANUSCRIPT S AND DRAWINGS RELATING TO COLORED PEOPLE ARE DESIRED. THEY MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY RETURN POSTAGE. IF FOUND UNAVAILABLE THEY WILL BE RETURNED. Entered as second class matter November 2. 1910, at the Post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training cf Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENED OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina Wilberforce University The Cheyney Train Wilberforce, Ohio (.EttablUhed 18S6) ing School for The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science Teachers and Tactics given all male students, by regular U. S. officer. Graduates in great demand	 by U. S. GovernCHEYNEY, PENNA. ment for selected service. Given quota of 20 men	 for Fourth Officers' For reasonably mature students Training Camp,	 Ft. Dodge, la. who have a good secondary Courses of Study—College (Scien school preparation, and who de tific, Classical and Educational) ; Nor sire to become	 teachers, courses mal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theologiare offered during the regular cal (Regular and English); Academy term in academic work, domestic —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 science, domestic art, physical gymnasium just completed. training, elementary school meth School opened September 17th. For ods, wood and metal working, information address and agriculture. Board room and W. S. SCARBOROUGH, laundry privileges for the year, President. 	$125. Fall term began Wednesday, September 18, 1918. Mention TH E CRTSTS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University MOREHOUSB COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) It beautifully located In the Olty of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School. Normal School and Collage, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA. OA. 11IJ: L U111 i. &gt; 11111:b r 1111111L L11]11MIJI !l 111 Ui L111111111111111L111L1111..: 11.1111 ^: 111:•11117! 111.i. 1111L1111L1111 L111111LIN111*^ I KNOXVILLE COLLEGE I 1 Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. | E Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. | I Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. § Noted for Honest and Thorough "Work. I H Institution offers full courses IN the follow-= = ing departments: College. Normal. High = 1 School, Grammar School, Domestic. Science | = and Industrial. § Good water, steam heat, electric lights, | § natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Ex-| | penses very reasonable. | 1 For catalog and other information address | PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN | KNOXVILLE, TENN. 1 ailMUilliiliUlilllilllllllNlillllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllliillllllllilllll^ THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE TaHihusM, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalot AUtUt NATHAN B. YOUNG, PreMenl P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COT/RSZI OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two yea. a above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc, write s FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University ATLANTA, GA. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special-First Semester opened October 2, 1918. lets, trained in some of the best universities in the HARBY ANDREWS KING, President. North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sanr ST. MARY'S SCHOOL athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor An Episcopal boarding school for girls, mat, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nura andeftbe direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began October 1, 1918. Address: For further information address THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE W. A. FOUNTAIN, PR.SLEW 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. WI U I, I. TUPSTO. •hairmaa TRUSTEE Baa.rO. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modem Conveniences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries' for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opening October, 1918. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J.	 E. Aggrey, Registrar. The Agricultural and Technical College is improving its organization to meet the greater demand for skilled workmen. Four Strong, Practical Departments: 1. The Academic Department. 2.	 The Agricultural Department. 3.	 The Mechanical Department. 4.	 The Department of Vocational Training in Agriculture. Short Courses in Agricultural and Mechanical Branches. The new Department, No. 4, presents an excellent opportunity to those desiring to prepare as teachers of Agriculture. Write today for terms and catalog JAS. B. DUDLEY, President GREENSBORO, N. C. BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Depart ments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific. German la substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. I.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS,	 Edgecombe County, N. C. (ON	 A. C. L. R. R.) THIS SCHOOL OFFERS A FIRST-CLASS HIGH SCHOOL BOURSE, INCLUDING DOMESTIC SCIENCE, DOMESTIC Art, VGRICULTURE, WORK IN WOOD, Iron AND MECHANICAL )RAWING. PIANO AND VOCAL MUSIC, NIGHT SCHOOL. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course IS Open To High School Graduates. TEACHERS AND OFFICERS, 22; ENROLLMENT, 315— OARDERS, 212. COTTAGES AND BUILDINGS, 23. SCHOOL ARM, 1129J4 ACRES. STRONG ATHLETIC, LITERARY AND CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATIONS. SCHOOL TERM 33 WEEKS. LNVIRONMENT FINE. TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH ENIELD, N. C. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION WRITE T.	 S. INBORDEN. Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. 0. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the moun tain section of Western North Caro lina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communlcat* with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL. Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE! GIBSLAND, LA. •npported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President Educational Institutions Continued on page IAK Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 17-No. 3 JANUARY, 1919	 Whole No. 99 Editorial OLD DESIRES THE NEW YEAR," sang the Persian poet, "awakens Old Desires." Certainly at no time during the year does the realization of unfulfilled hopes weigh so heavily. Today when the whole world waits while the dele gates at the Peace Table formulate the new rights of man, we are con scious that for us discrimination still lowers. All Europe rejoices in its new gifts—the British proletariat is promised a liberal labor program; the Czecho-Slovaks are tasting the joys of nationalism; France is rid of the Prussian menace; Belgium is bidden to bind up her wounds. But our men, who have helped mightily to awaken and preserve the spirit which makes these things possible, are returning to what? To a country whose plea for a democracj includes white men only; to a South which says openly that the Negro need not because of services in this war expect greater privileges, that he must be kept "in his place," and that the South intends to define that place. POLITICAL EQUALITY, ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY, CIVIL RIGHTS, JUSTICE before the law, all these, our "old desires," are as far away as ever, unless we take a desperate, unflinching stand. One thing is in our favor and that is the awakening of the social conscience. Hartley Withers says, "Hitherto it has always been assumed, except by a few voices crying in the wilderness, that by the force of inexorable economic laws, every nation must have its human dregs, living in a state of half-clad, half-fed misery and making a mockery of the civilization which allows their existence." The world knows better now. However desirable, however expedient, men may deem such a state, society is conscious that no scheme of life can be right or complete which dooms those who toil hardest, to get the meanest share of the good things of life and to have no chance of living in the fullest sense. But this social conscience can avail nothing without our own deliberate and concerted effort. In this year of general reconstruction we black Americans must fight, must push forward, with steadier heart and nerve than ever before, until we are well over the top. We must do combat on our own Western Front. And in order to win, we have got to put aside bickering and factionalism, trivial jealousies and disputes. See what the Southern States, by pooling their race prejudice, have been able to accomplish since that other Reconstruction. On, then, black Americans, and remember the pass-word—Organization and Co-operation! Meanwhile—Happy New Year! THE PEACE CONFERENCE R.	 W. E. B. DUBOIS sailed for France, December 1, on the United States transport, Orizaba. The Orizaba made a special trip to carry the accredited correspondents of American newspapers and magazines, who will report the Peace Conference. Dr. DuBois goes in a three-fold capacity: he goes as special representative of TH E CRISIS at the Peace Conference; to collect first-hand 112 THE CRISIS material to go into a History of the American Negro in the Great War; and finally as the representative of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, for the purpose of bringing to bear all pressure possible on the delegates at the Peace Table in the interest of the colored peoples of the United States and of the world. As the representative of the N. A. A. C. P., Dr. DuBois will summon a Pan-African Congress, to meet in Paris, to press the question of internationalization of the former German colonies. He has for some time been making a study of this question; his views on the subject are printed in this issue of THE CRISIS. A conference held to consider the disposition of the former German colonies in Africa will serve, perhaps, better than any other means that could be taken, to focus the attention of the peace delegates and the civilized world on the just claims of the Negro everywhere. Dr. DuBois is preeminently fitted to call such a conference, because of the experience he gained and the connections he formed at The Races' Congress in London, in 1911, to which he was a delegate. "JIM CROW" WE colored folk stand at the parting of ways, and we must take counsel. The objection to segregation and "Jim-Crowism" was in other days the fact that compelling Ne groes to associate only with Negroes meant to exclude them from contact with the best culture of the day. How could we learn manners or get knowledge if the heritage of the past was locked away from us? Gradually, however, conditions have changed. Culture is no longer the monopoly of the white nor is pov erty and ignorance the sole heritage of the black. Many a colored man in our day called to conference with his own and rather dreading the con tact with uncultivated people even though they were of his own blood has been astonished and deeply gratified at the kind of people he has met —at the evidence of good manners and thoughtfulness among his own. This together with the natural human love of herding like with like has in the last decade set up a tremendous current within the colored race against any contact with whites that can be avoided. They have welcomed separate racial institutions. They have voluntarily segregated themselves and asked for more segregation. The North is full of instances of practically colored schools which colored people have demanded and, of course, the colored church and social organization of every sort are ubiquitous. Today both these wings of opinion are getting suspicious of each other and there are plenty of whites to help the feeling along. Whites and Blacks ask the Negro who fights separation: "Are you ashamed of your race?" Blacks and Whites ask the Negro who welcomes and encourages separation: "Do you want to give up your rights? Do you acknowledge your inferiority?" Neither attitude is correct. Segregation is impolitic, because it is impossible. You can not build up a logical scheme of a self-sufficing, separate Negro America inside America or a Negro world with no close relations to the white world. If there are relations between races they must be based on the knowledge and sympathy that come alone from the long and intimate human contact of individuals. On the other hand, if the Negro is to develop his own power and gifts; if he is not only to fight prejudices and oppression successfully, but also to unite for ideals higher than the world has realized in art and industry and social life, then he must unite and work with Negroes and build a new and great Negro ethos. EDITORIAL 113 Here, then, we face the curious paradox and we remember contradictory facts. Unless we had fought segregation with determination, our whole race would have been pushed into an ill-lighted, unpaved, un-sewered ghetto. Unless we had built great church organizations and manned our own southern schools, we should be shepherdless sheep. Unless we had welcomed the segregation of Fort Des Moines, we would have had no officers in the National Army. Unless we had beaten open the doors of northern universities, we would have had no men fit to be officers. Here is a dilemma calling for thought and forbearance. Not every builder of racial co-operation and solidarity is a "Jim-Crow" advocate, a hater of white folk. Not every Negro who fights prejudice and segregation is ashamed of his race. CORRESPONDENCE MY dear Mr. Villard: The Tennessee Anti - Tubercu losis Association desires to submit to you for your consideration a plan for the prevention of tuberculosis among the Negroes of the South. Nowhere in the South today is there any organized effort to fight tuberculosis among the Negroes In order that we succeed in this campaign for right living by the Negro, we must use their leaders and make the results of the campaign a matter of race pride and achievement. The Negro race as yet is unable or unwilling to organize such a movement, and even though their leaders were to attempt to develop such a movement, it would not have the backing of the rank and file of the race. The plan of the Tennessee Association is to organize a Negro auxiliary, with officers and committees, exactly duplicating the white organization. However, the policy, finances and personnel of the Negro staff will be controlled by the white organization. At first, the reasons for the control resting in the white organization may not be apparent, but it is because that only in this way can we guarantee the work will be standard, that the finances will not be dissipated and that the movement will have the backing of the Negro race. The next step in the organization is the creation of a Joint Committee on Negro Health, possibly five members, made up of the president of the white organization, two others from the white organization and two from the colored auxiliary. Of course, the representatives of each organization will have to be carefully selected, so that race prejudice may be eliminated. This is the committee that will actually control the Negro work. The third step in the interlinking of the work is that the Executive Secretary of the white organization, ex-officio, becomes secretary to the colored auxiliary. This type of organization will tend to train the Negro race in public health work, for the white organization will not interfere much with the plans worked out by the Negro auxiliary. The fact that the Negro program of work, that both organizations have the same secretary, that finances and personnel are controlled by the white organization, will almost automatically eliminate the dangers that would confront a purely Negro movement. It also has the further advantage that when the colored auxiliary comes up against community conditions over which they can have no control and which are detrimental to their health, this condition would go to the Joint Committee for conference and from 114 THE CRISIS that committee to the white organization. This means that the entire strength of both the white and colored organization would be united to attack this condition, and in the South there are many conditions that cannot be removed by the Negro alone. This plan of co-operation is not untried, for it has worked well in the Memphis Associated Charities, where the writer of this letter was formerly secretary for five years J. P. KRANZ, Executive Secretary. Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your letter of July 13. I certainly could not support an association to help the Negro which takes the control of that organization away from the colored people themselves. Nor do I agree with your contention that this is the only way that you can guarantee that the work will be standardized and that the finances will not be dissipated. I have been associated with various Negro movements which are entirely controlled or chiefly controlled by colored people, and I do not think that this libel upon the race is warranted by this experience. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD. AFTER THE WAR A NUMBER of labor and radical bodies are forecasting the situation after the war. Colored people ought to give  attention to these programs. The American labor delegates to the London conference declare themselves in favor of no territorial changes after the war "except in the furtherance of the welfare of the people affected." The Social Democratic League of America has put forward a program of reconstruction with many excellent points. They stress democratic control over industry, the need of continuing the national employment service and social insurance, the fixing of prices on necessities, the taxing of high profits and the fact that "every child is entitled both to a broad cultural education and to a specialized occupational training." Unfortunately, there is not a word in this whole program which indicates any intention on the part of the Social Democratic League to insist that no group shall on account of race or color be excluded from the democracy which it is advocating in future economic affairs. On the other hand, the congressional program of the Socialist Party frankly declares that "the Negroes are the most oppressed portion of the American population, of which they form one-ninth. They are the victims of lawlessness, including hanging and burning; widespread political disfranchisement, and loss of civil rights. They are especially discriminated against in economic opportunity." It demands: "1. That the Negroes be accorded full benefits of citizenship, political, educational and industrial. "2. That Congress shall enforce the provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment by reducing the representation in Congress of such states as violate the letter or spirit of the amendment." It is unfortunate that the attitude of the Socialist Party during the war goes far to nullify this rather late espousal of the Negroes' cause. CONSUMERS* CO-OPERATION CONSUMERS' CO - OPERATION is the organization of consumers into buying clubs — - for the object of saving the middleman's profit. The fundamental principles worked out by experience since 1834 are these: 1. The price of shares should be low, so that large numbers of working people can own shares. Ten dollars is a usual price. 2. Sales are made at current retail prices and not at cost. PEACE ON EARTH 115 3. The resulting profit—i. e., the difference between cost and selling price, is returned to the members in proportion to the amount ivhich they buy and not in proportion to the number of shares owned. 4. Each member casts one vote and only one vote in directing the affairs of the company, no matter how many shares he owns. The profits of Consumers' Cooperative Societies may be returned wholly to the members, or returned in part, while the other part is used for the general welfare of the society. Thus many societies are able to provide health insurance, pensions for mothers, loans for members, club houses and recreation. All these are paid for out of profits and cost members nothing. Moreover, the Cooperative profits are greater than the merchants', for the Cooperative Society does not have to advertise; it sells for cash and not for credit, and it does not have to offer special inducements to its buyers. Assured of the constant patronage of its members, it knows what to buy and when, therefore its overhead charges are consequently small. All this is not theory. It has been done. In Great Britain today Cooperative Societies distribute annually one billion dollars' worth of goods and the profits and members amount to one hundred million dollars a year. Russia has 46,000 societies with 15,000,000 members. Before the war French societies did an annual business of 64 million francs. In Denmark, 505,000 cooperators did an annual business of $1,368,000,000 during 1915. What are we twelve million American Negroes doing? We have held a meeting and organized the Negro Cooperative Guild. We have a chairman and secretary and six state secretaries. We are going to spend a year in study, so that we shall thoroughly understand the movement. Next year we are going to move. Will you join us and form a class in your own town and neighborhood to study Consumers' Cooperation? If so, write to the editor of this magazine. AN EXPLANATION TO CORRESPONDENTS ON THE AFRICAN QUESTION A CONSIDERABLE number of telegrams and letters received by the N. A. A. C. P. were handed by the Secretary to Dr. Du Bois for his information just prior to Dr. Du Bois' sailing. In the necessarily hasty preparations for sailing, Dr. Du Bois inadvertently carried with him all of these communications. Correspondents whose letters on the African situation are not acknowledged and who have not received information as promised will understand the reason. PEACE ON EARTH MARY J. WASHINGTON ALMIGHT Y GOD, as on Thy thousand Grant, Thou, that we may rise refreshed, hills, reborn, Thy rolling plains and down each sylvan With courage high, despite war's lingerslope, ing scars, The sunlight of another year distills, Our spirits free from petty strife and scorn, And bids the world take on new life and And teeming with the message of the hope, stars. WHAT THE STATUTE COVERS AND WHAT IT DOESN'T PHILIP GOODMAN MACAULAY said that there were gen tlemen and there were sailors in the navy of Charles II, but the gentlemen were not sailors and the sailors were not gentlemen. Similarly, there are gentlemen and there are legislators in the State of Virginia, but the gentlemen are not legislators and the legislators are not gentlemen, for assuredly no body of gentlemen would sponsor "Jim Crow etiquette" in public conveyances. A gentleman, as I conceive him, is one who would not give pain to another. The definition is not mine. It is Eugene Lombard's, and is essentially a gentleman's definition of a gentleman. The trouble with the middle class American is that he gets his definitions from fiction instead of from life. Colonel Carter, of Cartersville, is the general acceptance of a southern gentleman; whereas in strict truth he is naught but a well-fed, thoroughly-soaked vulgarian. Colonel Carter and his crew are the very ones who see to it that colored folks remain in the rear, not alone of cars but of life, in the belief that the color of a man's skin bears a fixed relation to the color of his soul. A few weeks ago, I was riding from Washington to Alexandria, Va,, and as the fore-part of the car was being occupied by rough and noisy whites, I elected a seat in the rear. After we had gone a short distance, a young Negro got on and sat beside me. Soon a conversation sprang up. He was a graduate of Fisk University, studying architecture in Washington. In his hand he had a copy of Ruskin's "Political Economy of Art," and then our talk was directed to literature. His preferences were Pater, Morris, Rossetti, Meredith, Hardy, Ruskin and Wilde. He rather tolerated Swinburne and Anthony Trollope, and wholly despised Shaw. His manner was charming and unfeigned; he knew what he liked and had excellent reasons for liking what he liked. In our little talk, I found him not in the least aggressive; indeed, what I learned of his tastes had almost to be wrung from him. Suddenly our car stopped at one of the way stations and the pale-faced hoodlums got out. Then the conductor called my attention to a copy of a statute which requires all whites to occupy front seats when such seats are empty—this for the greater "comfort" (so the statute read) of the white passengers. I asked if the matter were not one of personal preference, but he replied that it was not. My colored friend relieved my embarrassment by getting up to let me pass into the aisle, saying with a courteous smile, "I hope we shall see one another again." That is all there is to the story, except that I went to the front seat with the shame of the white race upon me and there I remained in a mental trance until, a little later on as we were passing a shed covered with circus-posters, I saw a young white of about nineteenNegro girl. Asthem, she slunkboard covering,sight . . . speaking earnestly to a  the car came abreast of  back suspiciously behind a until she was out of Some things, thought I, the statutes of Fair Virginia cover, and others they do not! THE WAR WORK COUNCIL J. W. CROMWELL THE War Work Council has determinec on the erection of a Y. W. C. A building, involving an expenditure of $200 000, for the colored branch at Washington on a spacious lot fronting Ninth Street at Rhode Island Avenue,  opposite the Busi High Schoo.The plan to  remodel the Thyson House, published in the July Crisis, has been abandoned as inadequate to local condition. 116 WELFARE WORK AND NEGRO EMPLOYEES Mrs. A. Quivers The success of this movement is a culmination of the forethought, the intelligence, the persistence and the optimism of one of the finest groups of colored women in the country. It was begun in two rented rooms in . the  two blocks from the Capitol, in 1905. Permanent quarters were secured by the payment of $500 cash towards the purchase for $4,300 of a piece of property at 429 T Street, N. W. This was entirely paid within four years, $6,800 was expended on permanent improvements and a building fund exceeding $3,000 created. The manifest demand for this Y. W. C. A. work here was accentuated by the exodus from the South, during which a look-out committee on hand at the Union Station awaited the arrival of all north-bound trains to give directions and assistance to the fugitives in search of new homes in the North and West. Before the assurance of aid from the National Association, or even recognition by it, the colored organization was most active in increasing its building fund, adding to its membership, demonstrating its right to be and otherwise strengthening its resources. Last year and the one preceding they netted nearly $900 from Mardi Gras entertainments. Last March, too, from a Tag Day drive they obtained about $600 more, and in a rally they secured 1,700 paid-up members. This was beyond the goal at which they aimed. In addition to this adult membership, they have started a movement for the enrollment of girls, to which a trained or ganizer from National Headquarters has already been assigned. In the Association's thirteen years there have been but two presidents, Mrs. B. G. Francis, for several years a member of the Board of Education, and Mrs. Frances Boyce, both women of clear vision, poise and equable temperament. To the administrative ability of these two women must be added the influence of Miss E. F. G. Merritt, Director of Primary Work in the Colored Schools; the strict accounting system of Miss Marion P. Shadd, Treasurer; Mrs. Alice Quivers, Financial Secretary; and Mrs. Annie E. Cromwell, Chairman of the Household Committee. But it was due to the initiative of Mrs. Frances Boyce that Mrs. R. L. Dickinson, Representative at the National Capital of the War Work Council, first became so impressed with the imperative need and the deserving qualities of the local branch that the purpose and the decision of the War Work Council was determined, as announced, to erect this new building and to complete and equip it early in the coming season. Mrs. A. E. Cromwell WELFARE WORK AND NEGRO EMPLOYEES GEORGE W. BLOUNT THERE is no individual manufacturing nor industrial plant which is contributing so much toward the increased benefits for the Negroes in Virginia, as The American Chain Company of Virginia, Incorporated, with plants scattered throughout the United States and Canada. Aside from making huge chains for large anchors, which is the specialty of the particular branch located in the suburbs of Norfolk, Va., this company has established a most admirable precedent in the kindly attitude its officers are manifesting toward its employees, and is causing other employers of Negro mechanics and laborers to awaken to the vital importance of giving fair, impartial and honest treatment to them. When the representatives of The American Chain Company were prospecting with the hope of establishing a million dollar branch of their business near the city of 118 THE CRISIS Norfolk, and before deciding to employ Negroes as mechanics and laborers, they were informed by the "best authorities" that Negro mechanics and laborers were not dependable, they were shiftless, indifferent and unreliable; their wants were very few and they did not see the necessity of working more than three or four days during each week, thereby earning just enough to satisfy their few wants. During these preliminary conferences it seemed advisable to confer with some of the local public spirited Negro citizens with reference to employing Negroes. Among those invited were Dr. G. J. Bowens, a graduate of Shaw University and a successful physician and surgeon of Norfolk, who accepted the invitation and attended the conference. He immediately showed how the other companies had failed in handling Negroes as mechanics and laborers because their hours were too long and the pay was too small. The laborer's health, safety and happiness were his own affair, and not that of his employer. If employers are to receive from each employee what they have a reasonable right to expect, they should give to each a proper return. Just in proportion as each em ployee serves, each should be compensated —first, in money; and then in those less tangible, but not less essential, returns which should form a part of the compensa tion for any kind of service. The Negro as chain-maker was an ex periment attempted by The American Chain Company largely through the advice and persuasion of Dr. Bowens, who was given the opportunity to secure the services of 150 Negro mechanics and laborers, the ma jority of whom received their training at such industrial schools as Hampton, Tus kegee and Greensboro, N. C. The experiment has proved a success. These men are now making huge anchor chains with "wisehanded skill," and not fol lowing "blind routine." The plan has succeeded through the willingness and ability of the Negroes to master the intricacies -of chain-making and the disposition on the part of the officers of the company to provide every facility for making the living and working conditions of the employees satisfactory. The company has provided for the employees a commodious dormitory, equipped with every modern sanitary device and convenience, electric lights, running water, shower-baths, bath-tubs, lavatories and a janitor. There are recreation and reading rooms, piano, tennis courts, baseball grounds, hand-ball and other facilities for healthful recreation. It also maintains a modernly equipped boarding department, in charge of Arthur M. Williams, in which the workers are able to obtain wholesome food at actual cost. A steam laundry, in charge of James T. Ransome, is maintained by the company on a similar basis. The most outstanding feature of the admirable attitude of the officers of The American Chain Company toward its employees is its concern for their health and general welfare. A medical director, Dr. G. J. Bowens, is employed full-time, and there is a well-equipped infirmary with Jennie C. Hopkins, a graduate nurse of Freedmen's Hospital, in charge, to help see that every precaution is taken to safeguard and conserve the health and physical well-being of every employee. The workers have organized among themselves a club for social diversions, and from time to time speakers are invited to address them. The employees are well-housed, well-fed and well-paid; they work hard, and they are healthy and happy. They also receive bonuses for special grades of work. They work full-time and over-time whenever it is necessary. THE RETURN JESSIE FAUSET THAT had found the way so smooth With need for compass and for rod, With gilly-flowers that beck and nod, And yet with feet that bleed, I pant Now find that same road wild and steep On blindly — stumbling back to God! National Association for the Advancement of Colored People THE FUTURE OF AFRICA I N the early days of the European War Dr. W. E. Burghardt Du Bois wrote an article for the Atlantic Monthly on "The African Roots of War. " * Of the many dis cussions of the cause of the great conflict none was more timely or important. In the article in question the writer points out that today, as so often in the past, the wealth of Africa leads to a common lust for conquest and exploitation of the native population. This was displayed in its most barbarous form in the old days of the Bel gium Congo Free State and in the recent days of the German colonies. But none of the colonial powers are without guilt since all look upon the natives, not as people to be educated and encouraged to self-devel opment, but as ignorant laborers to be used for the production of wealth which the Eu ropean appropriates later to spend in his own land. This exploitation carries with it intense race prejudice and results increas ingly in confining the black man to those places where life, for climatic, historical and political reasons, is most difficult to live and most easily dominated by Europe for Eu rope's gain. This is the picture of Africa today, but now, with the end of the war, we look to the picture of the Africa of the future. This future is being widely discussed and will be one of the most important of the problems to be decided at the Peace Confer ence. The N. A. A. C. P. stands on the following platform drawn up by Dr. Du Bois: 1. The barter of colonies without regard to the wishes or welfare of the inhabitants or the welfare of the world in general is a custom to which this war should put an -end,	 since it is a fruitful cause of dissension among nations, a danger to the status of civilized labor, a temptation to unbridled * Reprinterl by the N.A.A.C.P. Price 5 cents per copy; 50 cents per hundred. exploitation, and an excuse for unspeakable atrocities committed against natives. 2. It is clear that at least one of Germany's specific objects in the present war was the extension of her African colonies at the expense of France and Portugal. 3. As a result of the war, the German colonies in Africa have been seized by the Allies, and the question of their disposition must come before the Peace Conference. Responsible English statesmen have announced that their return to Germany is unthinkable. 4. However, to take German Africa from one imperial master, even though a bad one, and hand it over to another, even though a better one, would inevitably arouse a suspicion of selfish aims on the part of the Allies and would leave after the war the grave questions of future colonial possessions and government. 5. While the principle of self-determination which has been recognized as fundamental by the Allies cannot be wholly applied to semi-civilized peoples, yet, as the English Prime Minister has acknowledged, it can be partially applied. 6. The public opinion which in the case of the former German colonies should have the decisive voice is composed of: (a) The Chiefs and intelligent Negroes among the twelve and one-half million natives of German Africa, especially those trained in the government and mission schools. (b) Tho twelve million civilized Negroes of the United States. (c) Educated persons of Negro descent in South America and the West Indies. (d) The independent Negro governments of Abyssinia, Liberia, and Haiti. (e) The educated classes among the Negroes of French West Africa and Equatorial Africa and in British Uganda, Nigeria, Basutoland, Nyassaland, Swaziland, Sierra Leone, Gold Coast, Gambia and Bechuana 119 120 THE land, and the four and one-half millions of colored people in the Union of South Africa. These classes comprise today the thinking classes, of the future Negro world and their wish should have weight in the future disposition of the German colonies. 7. The first step toward ascertaining the desires, aspirations and grievances of these people should be the calling together of a Pan-African Congress, to meet in Paris sometime during the sessions of the Peace Conference. 8. If the world after the war decided to reconstruct Africa in accordance with the wishes of the Negro race and the best interests of civilization, the process might be carried out as follows: The former German colonies, with one million square miles and twelve and one-half millions of inhabitants, could be internationalized. To this could be added by negotiation the 800,000 square miles and nine million inhabitants of Portuguese Africa. It is not impossible that Belgium could be persuaded to add to such a state the 900,000 square miles and nine million natives of the Congo, making an international Africa, with over two and one-half million square miles of land and over twenty million people. 9. This re-organized Africa could be under the guidance of organized civilization. The Governing International Commission should represent, not simply governments, but modern culture—science, commerce, social reform, and religious philanthropy. 10. With these two principles the practical policies to be followed out in the government of the new states should involve a thorough and complete system of modern education built upon the present government, religion and customary law of the natives. There should be no violent tampering with the curiously efficient African institutions of local self-government through the family and the tribe; there should be no attempt at sudden "conversion" by religious propaganda. Obviously deleterious customs and unsanitary usages must gradually be abolished and careful religious teaching-given, but the general government set up from without must follow the example of the best colonial administrators and build on recognized established foundations rather than from entirely new and theoretical plans. CRISIS 11. The chief effort to modernize Africa should be through schools. Within ten years twenty million black children ought to be in school. Within a generation young Africa should know the essential outlines of modern culture and groups of bright African students should be going to the world's great universities. From the beginning the actual general government should use both colored and white officials and natives should be gradually worked in. Taxation and industry could follow the newer ideals of industrial democracy, avoiding private land monopoly and poverty, promoting co-operation in production and the socialization of income. 12. Is such a state possible? Those who believe in men; who know what black men have done in human history; who have taken pains to follow even superficially the story of the rise of the Negro in Africa, the West Indies, and the Americas of our day, know that the widespread modern contempt of Negroes rests upon no scientific foundation worth a moment's attention. It is nothing more than a vicious habit of mind. It could as easily be overthrown as our belief in war, as our; international hatreds, as our old conception of the status of women, as our fear of educating the masses, and as our belief in the necessity of poverty. We can, if we will, inaugurate on the Dark Continent a last great crusade for humanity. With Africa redeemed, Asia would be safe and Europe indeed triumphant. The N. A. A. C. P. has under way plans for a Pan-African Congress, to be held in Paris this winter. Dr. Du Bois sailed on the Orizaba, December 1, with a number of distinguished newspaper men, to represent the Association and TH E CRISIS at Paris and to summon the Pan-African Congress. His departure was a hasty one and details of the plans for the Congress are not yet in form for publication, but he will at once proceed to gather together his committee on the other side, as the Tercentenary Committee has been formed on this side of the water. The Congress will have his admirable statement as a basis for discussion and action. It will meet during the sessions of the Peace Conference. The meeting at Carnegie Hall, New York City, on Monday evening, January 6—the date of our annual meeting—will institute N. A. A. C. P. 121 the Pan-African Movement in the United States. This will be one of the most important meetings the Association has ever held. The speakers are not yet announced; but they will represent colored and white leaders of liberal thought. REPRESENTATION IN NATIONAL SOCIAL WORK On November 29 and 30 the Conference on Demobilization and the Responsibilities of Organized Social Agencies was held in New York City. Dr. Felix Adler presided. The Secretary of the N. A . A . C. P., Mr. John R. Shillady, was one of the fourteen members of the Organizing Committee. Ninety prominent national organizations were invited to take part in this Conference, at which various problems of reconstruction were carefully discussed. Among the resolutions adopted by the Conference was the following: That every program for national and community reconstruction shall adequately and consciously include provision for our Negro fellow-citizens and for their co-operation therein. This resolution was presented to the Conference Committee by the following delegates: GEORGE E. HAYNES, Director of Negro Economics, U. S. Department of Labor. For the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes: L. HOLLINGSWORTH WOOD, Chairman; EU GENE KINCKLE JONES, Executive Secretary. For the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People: JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary; JAMES W . JOHNSON, Field Secretary; Cap tain ARTHUR B. SPINGARN, of the Legal Committee. ANNUAL MEETING The annual meeting of the N. A. A. C. P. will be held in the Assembly Hall of the United Charities Building, 105 East Twenty-second Street, New York City, on the afternoon of Monday, January 6, 1919, at two o'clock. The session will be opened by an address on Reconstruction as it affects the Negro. There will be reports from officers and branches and the following nominations for Directors for terms expiring in January, 1922, will be voted upon: Mr. George W. Crawford, New Haven. Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore. Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York. Mr. Joseph Prince Loud, Boston. Dr. William A. Sinclair, Philadelphia. Captain Arthur B. Spingarn, New York. Mr. Charles H. Studin, New York. Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York. Rev. G. R. Waller, Springfield, Mass. Mr. Butler R. Wilson, Boston. A motion will be introduced at this meeting to increase the number of Directors of the National Board to forty. In the evening, at eight o'clock, there will be a mass meeting at Carnegie Hall. "The Internationalization of African Colonies" will be discussed. Boxes will cost five and ten dollars. All other seats will be free. ANNUAL CONFERENCE THE N. A. A. C. P. will celebrate its tenth anniversary in May, 1919. Its call to the country was published February 12, 1909, asking for a national conference, to be held in New York, May 31 and June 1. This was the first National Conference, whose proceedings, published in book form, are among the most interesting pieces of Association history. This May (the date need not duplicate that of ten years ago) we should have a conference of at least four days, equalling in importance that of any national gathering taking place in the United States. It should be largely attended by delegates from branches and should deal with the pressing questions before the Negro of the United States at this time—the Ballot, Segregation in Public Places, the Problem of Reconstruction. Experts should be asked to speak and give the results of their investigations. The work accomplished by the branches should be fully reported by their delegates. Opportunity should be given for social intercourse, for the interchange between individuals of experiences. The Association held conferences regularly every year until the beginning of the European War: in 1909 and 1910, New York; in 1911, Boston; in 1912, Chicago; in 1913, Philadelphia; in 1914, Baltimore. The spring conferences were then discontinued ; but last year New York in the THE CRISIS Christmas holidays again called the Association together and held a notable gathering. The memory of the severe weather, however, makes it seem desirable to return to the former spring date; therefore, this year it is proposed to hold the tenth celebration in May. Where shall it be? We make this announcement from National Headquarters and shall be glad to hear from our branches in regard to the matter. What branch will offer to conduct, with the aid of National Headquarters, a celebration of our Tenth Anniversary that shall redound to all time to the credit of the city that gives it shelter? Qualifications: The holding of great conventions is well understood by many of our active workers. We would recall to them, however, some of the qualifications necessary for this conference: 1. Assurances of welcome on the part of city officials. 2. A large hall that will seat at least two thousand people. 3. Facilities for entertaining visitors. BOARD NOTES AT the November meeting of the Board of Directors the resignation of Dr. John G. Underhill, of New York, was pre sented. Business engagements have for some time made it impossible for Dr. Un derhill to attend the meetings of the Board. His resignation was accepted with regret. The Board, as empowered by the consti tution, elected a new member for Dr. Un derbill's unexpired term. From among a number of important, names presented they chose Mr. Robert R. Church, of Memphis, Tenn. In electing Mr. Church, the N. A. A. C. P. has placed upon its Board the first distinctively southern member. • It is less than two years ago that the Association began the organization of the South upon any large scale. Prior to that time there were less than a half-dozen branches in the South; now the Association is represented by fifty branches, in every southern state, with a membership of 9,000; and the Board of Directors felt that this vast territory and large membership should have representation. In Mr. Church the Board has a member who is a prominent citizen of the State of Tennessee, a man of influence and action. * * * At the October meeting of the Board a motion was passed to authorize the Association's securing the services of the Rev. R. W. Bagnall, of Detroit, as a district organizer. Mr. Bagnall will give part time to the work, devoting himself especially to the Great Lakes District. The Association is very fortunate in securing a man of Mr. Bagnall's known ability and fine enthusiasm. He will add this work for the N. A. A. C. P. to his already important duties as rector of St. Matthew's Episcopal Church, Detroit. NEW OFFICES ON December 1, the N. A. A. C. P. and TH E CRISIS moved to the sixth floor of 70 Fifth Avenue, where THE CRISIS has the space identical with its former quarters and the N. A. A. C. P. adjoins, with equally large offices. The change is in every way fortunate. With the enormous growth of the National body and the great increase in its work, new quarters became imperative. At one time it looked as though these could not be secured at 70 Fifth Avenue; then the League to Enforce Peace moved away, and we moved into their large, attractive rooms. Be sure to come in to see us when you are in New York. NEW BRANCHES AND MORE MEMBERS ON December 1, the N. A. A. C. P. had a total of 152 branches and 41,524 members. The following branches have been added since the last report of branch additions, in the October CRISIS: Bay City, Mich 31 Braddock, Pa 64 Brunswick, Ga 60 Dallas, Texas 169 Davenport, Iowa 50 Flint, Mich 50 Gonzales, Texas 50 Jersey City, N. J 50 Pueblo, Colo 100 Riverside, Cal 33 Urbana, Ohio 64 Wellsville, Ohio 43 Ypsilanti, Mich 50 Men of the Month TW O NEGRO LEGISLATORS T. GILLIS NUTTER was bom in Prin cess Anne, Somerset County, Md., June 15, 1876. He attended the local pub lic school and was graduated from the High School in 1893. He received his L.L.B. from Howard University, in 1899. The death of his father forced him to return to Prin cess Anne, to care for his mother; while there, he was appointed principal in a pub lic school of Fairmont. He filled this posi tion from September, 1899, to June, 1901, when he declined a re-appointment, in order to enter upon his profession. He was ad mitted to the Bar of Marion County, Ind., November 13, 1901. Mr. Nutter was the author of the Amend ment to Taxation Laws, passed at the 1915 session of the West Virginia Legislature. He entered the primary for nomination for the House of Delegates from Kanawha County, W. Va. He had the active support of such men as Ex-Governor George W. Atkinson, J. S. Darst, State Auditor; Houston G. Young, Secretary of State. He stood third in the list of fourteen, six of whom were chosen, and was elected by a majority of 1,388 votes, over the highest Democrat, with less than one-tenth of the vote colored. Harry J. Capehart was born in Charleston, W. Va., May 2, 1881. He graduated from the Howard University Law School in 1913. He was admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of West Virginia within one week after his graduation, and appeared in his first case before the State Supreme Court a year later. He was elected a member of the City Council in 1917, which position he resigns to enter the Legislature. THE PATRIOTISM OF NEGROES DAVI D H. RAINES, a Negro, was the highest Fourth Liberty Loan purchaser in the State of Louisiana. He was born in Vivian, La., in 1865. At the age of twenty-four he married Miss Grace Williams, and to this union twelve children have been born, seven girls and five boys. A son is with the American Expeditionary Forces, and four children are in college. Mr. Raines began farming with his mother, and each year, as he was able, he increased his holdings. Eight years ago he started leasing his land to oil companies. He is a self-taught man, being among those who were denied the privilege of an educa tion. Mrs. Helen Sayre is Chairman of Christmas Package Station 16, Chicago, 111.; a pioneer member of the American Red Cross First-Aid Class; and a member of the Daughters of the British Empire. She is President of the U. S. Club, formed by a group of women to carry on and promote patriotic and practical endeavor. These women have been actively engaged in Red Cross and Liberty Loan drives, and in dispensing refreshments and good cheer to colored troops passing through the Chicago yards. Seven of Mrs. Sayre's kinsmen are with the Canadian Expeditionary Forces. Mrs. Sayre was born in Chatham, Ontario, of Canadian parents. Her father, the late Dr. A. R. Abbott, was the first colored medical graduate of Toronto University. During the Civil War he proffered his services, and was commissioned a surgeon in the Federal Army. For several years Mrs. Sayre was a Kindergarten Director in, the Public Schools of St. Louis, Mo., and ranked high in musical and literary circles. She was leader and soloist of the choir of All Saints' Church. Since her marriage to Dr. Benjamin F. Sayre, a Philadelphian, she has made her home in Chicago, where she has reared four children. A RETIRED SCHOOL TEACHER MARITCHA REDMOND LYONS, after forty-eight and one-half years' active service in the New York Public Schools, has been retired. Miss Lyons was born in New York. The laws of Rhode Island were amended by a special act of the Legislature, enabling her to enter the Providence High School, from which she .graduated in 1869. She was appointed in Brooklyn, N. Y., in 1869, as an elementary school teacher. 123 MRS. HELEN SAYRED, H. RAINEST. G. NUTTER  MISS M. R. LYONS  H. J. CAPEHART 124 TO BISHOP HOOD 125 After teaching in all grades she was made school tendered her a reception and preAssistant Principal in Public School 83, sented her a gold watch. A public recepwhere for twenty years she controlled from tion was held at her school, when her printwenty to twenty-five teachers, with seven cipal, Mr. Albert E. King, gave in detail hundred to nine hundred pupils. Her specommendable points of her career, and letcial work was the supervision of the first ters were read from District Superintendent three years, the training of recent apVeit and a former teacher. Miss Lyons pointees and pupil teachers. holds a certificate designating her an As On her retirement the teachers of her sistant Principal. TO BISHOP HOOD JOSEPH S. COTTER PURE speech, sure speech, speech that always blends With the rugged mettle of a foe's or friend's, Is thine, good preacher, thine. Fair ways, rare ways, ways that lead us on To the fuller morning from a meager dawn, Are thine, wise preacher, thine. New thought, true thought, thought that points the way Through doubt's mists and shadows to good God's man-wrought day, Is thine, brave preacher, thine. Old faith, bold faith, faith whose anchors still Grapple in the fastness of the sane man's will, Is thine, firm preacher, thine. Far dreams, star dreams, dreams that hedge us in From the rocks of passion and the shoals of sin, Are thine, great preacher, thine. Clean life, serene life, life that knows not shame, Life that's writ in service on the scroll of fame, Is thine, loved preacher, thine. The late Bishop J. W. Hood of the A. M. E. Zion Church. Born May 13, 1831, at Kenneth Township, Pa. Died Octoher 31, 1918 at Fayetteville, N. C. A CORRECTION I N the December CRISIS the N. A. A. C. P. voting of the citizen soldiers. We wish that notes credited Secretary Baker with the typographical error had been true. Unbeing "inclined" to accept our suggestion fortunately, the Secretary was "disthat a second order be issued regarding the inclined." The Outer Pocket FOR the past month we have been receiv ing the news of the fight that you have had on your hands, and I, as a member of the Atlanta Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., and a subscriber to TH E CRISIS, am writing to assure you that the boys "over here" are with you, and trust that you will let nothing cause you to cease, for one moment, in the great fight for right and justice that you have been waging for these many years. It may be of interest to you to know that the boys of the 92nd are holding their own, and their spirit is undaunted. Their morale is high, their determination to make a showing for themselves and the folks at home is not to be denied, and their relations with the people of this great country are of such a nature as to reflect the greatest credit upon us as a people, and to give them the opportunity to see for themselves that all that they have heard of us, from others who did not see fit to speak truthfully, was not true. We are truly living in a country, at present, where democracy and its principles are manifested on every hand—for these people in France know a man only by the amount of good that he contributes to the community or state, and not by the color of his skin, or the texture of his hair. It is, indeed, a joyous thrill that goes through one when he sees these men, who heretofore have not had an opportunity to appreciate what life really meant, having their first chance to experience the rights of manhood, and enjoying an equal privilege in every way. Such are the conditions for which we are fighting, and we pray that when this maelstrom is over, the principles for which the lives of these black boys have willingly been given will be manifested in the country that we call home. Lieutenant CHARLES A. SHAW, American Expeditionary Force. I am not of your race, but am greatly in terested in its advancement, and believe ALL talent and character should be recognized, regardless of color or nationality. My	 slogan is, "The Universal Fatherhood of God and Brotherhood of Man." MADAME LOZARETO, St. Joseph, Mo. Everything that increases the morale of the American people, that cements all Races and Peoples behind the men in the trenches, helps vitally to win the war. The laboring man, fighting for a living wage and getting it; the women, fighting for the right of suffrage and on the high road to it; the colored people, fighting for American citizenship—not more nor full—but just American citizenship, and getting it, will mean a united country and victory; anything else means a divided country and, well, "A house divided against itself cannot stand." Must we do our full duty now? Yes, that and more, if possible, for to do less proves us unworthy of American citizenship. SAM B. WALLACE, Washington, D. C. *	 * * If as a result of this war having been fought the Negro will be given the privilege to live where he so desires, to ride on the train where he so desires, to eat in whatever hotel he so desires and to join whatever labor union he so desires and, in fact, if he will be given every privilege that any other man enjoys, then the war will not have been fought in vain. I, myself, wish nothing for myself, my wife and my children that I do not desire to see the colored man, his wife and his children have. H.	 C. PIKE, Philadelphia, Pa. * * # Never knew until this morning that TH E CRISIS existed. While waiting for the colored draftees to come in from Philadelphia, Pa., I purchased one from a little colored boy. I was impressed, very much impressed with it The great work the colored people are doing outside the army was a revelation to me. Would still be in ignorance, had it not been for TH E CRISIS. Am writing this because I want you to know how much I enjoyed TH E CRISIS, and this P. M. will see it on its way "over there." ROBERT W . WILLIAMS, Captain, M.R.C. 126 The Looking Glass LITERATURE The Department of Education in the State Percy Mackaye in the Jewish Exponent: We are what we imagine, and our deeds of Louisiana has issued a bulletin on the Are born of dreaming. Europe acts today Epics that little children in their play Conjured, and statesmen murmured in their creeds; In barrack, court and school were sown those seeds, Like dragon's teeth, which ripen to affray Their sowers. Dreams of slaughter rise to slay And fate itself is stuff that fancy breeds. Mock, then, no more at dreaming, lest our own Create for us a like reality! Let not imagination's soil be sown With armed men, but justice, so that we May for a world of tyranny atone And dream from that despair—democracy. * * * G. L. Morrill in his book, "On the Warpath," has this to say of Thomas Dixon and his works: Mr. Dixon is an "unregenerate rebel," who is trying to rewrite history and make us believe that slavery was right and freedom wrong; the North an enemy and the South a friend to the Negro; that the black man was better physically, mentally and morally in the cotton fields than now in college or professional life; that the colored man should be disfranchised, the fourteentli and fifteenth amendments abrogated, and the Negro deported to Africa. Lincoln drew a black-and-white picture that Minister Dixon should hang up in his study—"There will be some blacks who can remember that, with silent tongue, and clenched teeth, and steady eye, and well poised bayonet, they have helped mankind on to this great consummation; while I fear there will be some white ones unable to forget that, with malignant heart and deceitful speech, they strove against it " In the company of Abraham Lincoln, and of Jesus Christ, who came to "set the captive free," "Reverend" Thomas Dixon would feel very lonesome. But let us have no fear. Heaven is a place of love, and a minister of hate will be sent on a mission to another place. In the meantime, for all such race-haters, slanderers, falsifiers, scatterers of firebrands, grave-diggers of the skeleton past, and men who do not venerate the principles for which the northern soldiers died, may the Golden Gate of San Francisco swing shut on its hinges, and the Goddess of Liberty in New York thrust out hen right hand to smite. "Aims and Needs in Negro Public Education in Louisiana." The discussion is frank and earnest and the summary concludes: "The glory of achievement in our white school system is marred by the pathetic and pitiable condition of our Negro schools. Louisiana in the past fifteen years has built up a system of schools for her white children that has commanded admiration and respect. Can she not, with the experience she has acquired, the means at her disposal, and the spirit to win, begin now to complete her crown of glory by completing the task she has so well begun and providing a school system for all of her children?" Leon R. Harris, of the Brick Mason Department, Portsmouth, Ohio, Works of Whitaker-Glessner, has written a remarkable poem, "The Steel Makers," published in the company's house organ, "Safety Hints." Mr. Harris, we are told in the Metal Worker, Plumber and Steam. Fitter, was born in Cambridge, Ohio. His father was a roving musician and never took the slightest interest in him. He was separated from his mother at the age of two, and from his mother's family when four years old, being made a ward of an orphan asylum. The asylum placed him in the Cambridge grade schools at the age of six and he was in the fourth grade when they gave him away. This is all the common school education Harris ever received, except what he himself obtained from reading and studying at night, and on Sunday. Later he was able to work his way through Berea College and Tuskegee Institute. Completing his school work, Harris went to work in a pipe mill in Birmingham; later went to Iowa. It was his intention to attend school there, but his longing for a home, which he had never had, overcame him and he married. Home comforts were a spur to Harris' ambition, and from the time of his marriage he has worked steadily at good jobs. He worked in Iowa and the Northwest for a contracting company for five years, then went to North Carolina, engaged in farming and taught the rural school in his neighborhood for another five years, when he came to Portsmouth and worked for the A. Laughlin Co, on Nos. 8, 127 128 THE 9 and 10 Open Hearth Furnaces, when this concern was engaged in construction work for the Whitaker-Glessner Company, and has been working for the latter company ever since. We hope to see something else from the pen of this young' man. Below follow two stanzas of his poem, which boasts an unusually virile and essentially modern touch: What do they see through the furnace door, From which the dazzling white lights pour? Ah, more than the sizzling liquid ore They see as they gaze within! For a band of steel engirdles the earth, Binds men to men from their very birth, Through all that exist of any worth There courses a steely vein. Of what they make we are servants all, They have bound our lives in an iron thrall, We do their bidding, we heed their call, As they work with willing zeal. So tap your heats with a courage bold, You're worth to your world a thousand-fold More than the men who mine her gold, You men who make her steel! A VANISHING EPITHET FO R many colored Americans Irvin Cobb's recent article in the Saturday Evening Post was spoilt when he said, "hereafter n-i-g-g-e-r will merely be another way of spelling the word American." Bishop Thirkield remarks in the Christian Advocate: Not so, Mr. Cobb. The term that will stand for the American of color will henceforth be spelled with a capital "N." The word "nigger" must go the way of all terms of racial contempt and inferiority, face to face with the dauntless heroism and sacrifice of white and black, yellow and red and brown on the woi'ld's great battle-front. The writer means well, but he does not seem to know that the term "nigger" that has persisted as a relic of slavery and has in it the sting of liquid fire to every self-respecting Negro—must go. The American Negro, with the freedom and rights of a man, has arrived. When the first two American soldiers to receive the croix de guerre on their wounded breasts, because of dauntless valor in trench defense against a score of Huns; and when the record of a race shows that it is no accident that they have black skins; when the news of this battle against such odds sends a thrill along the whole American line that breaks into cheers, the day has come when the American soldier-millions will no longer tolerate any such terms of contempt against a compatriot of any race or color. Bishop Mclntyre is right: Dago and Sheenv and Chink. Greaser and Nigger and Jap: CRISIS The devil invented these terms, I think, To hurl at each hopeful chap Who comes so far from over the foam To this land of his heart's desire, To rear his brood, to build his home, And to kindle his hearthstone fire. While the eyes with joy are blurred, Lo! we make the strong man sink, And stab the soul with the hateful word: Dago and Nigger and Chink. * * * The bishop points out the astounding callousness of the South and the way in which the North reacts to its views: It was a chance group of four in a Pullman section—two young women, with marks of refinement and good breeding; an army medical officer, in charge of a group of convalescents just from the battlefields of France, and the writer. It so happened that one of the soldiers was a Negro. A contemptuous remark by one of the women led the officer to speak in terms of praise of the Negro soldiers. He referred to the fact of his having accompanied a group of enlisted men recently to the South and of his sux-prise and pain in observing the treatment of a Negro who was a member of the group. In a railway station a colored man was hustled from the only dining-room available and the only chance for a bite of food and subjected to other embarrassment. At this, the officer finally became indignant; he pulled from his pocket his government orders, which called for first-class traveling accommodations, and seated the colored soldier at a retired table in the dining-room. When it was realized that the officer was backed by Uncle Sam, the disturbance was ended. At this one of the young women showed marked indignation and said that in the South "a nigger had to know his place." On hearing that offensive designation of the Negro, spelled with two g's—a relic from slavery days and usually a term of contempt—the writer was stirred to indignation and remarked, as he had been called upon to do more than once in these days, that over 300,000 Negroes were enlisted for the war, showing1 a noble spirit of patriotism; that their record would shame all slackers; that there was not one internment on account of pro-Germanism, though beguiled by Hun propagandists; and that in this day, when nearly a third of a million black patriots were taking the places of just so many white men of the South and North, it was no time to be flinging out such terms of reproach and of racial contempt. And now may I say that the peril of the North today, with its acquisition of perhaps three-quarters of a million Negroes, is that the attitude of many may be determined by the ignorant, but often well-meaning talk THE LOOKING GLASS 129 of some southern people, for while the Negro has many civil rights and educational privileges in the North denied him at the South, there is often less of sympathy for the individual of the race and the same tolerance with the weaknesses and failings of an untutored people, unused to freedom, than is found among the better classes in the South. While this attitude does not find expression so frequently in violent outbursts, yet it often manifests itself in contempt of spirit and in harshness of word. And it is a fact, observed over the years, that the southern people in general are persistent propagandists of their views as to the Negro. There is such positive assertion of their attitude and enforcement of their views, often the outcome of race feeling and prejudice, that northern people, too, often not only surrender, but adopt narrow and false views. Only a little later the writer got into conversation with the Negro soldier on the Pullman and learned that he was on his way to the hospital, wounded and with weakened lungs through being gassed in the mighty conflict on the Champagne front, and that out of 225 of his regiment only sixteen remained alive or without wounds. It looks as though the bishop might go further and observe that the outstanding synonym for the old hateful term is "hero." COLORED LABORERS MR . VAN GELDER, of the Empire Mat tress Company, which manufactures mattresses for Sears-Roebuck &amp; Company, tells an interesting story of his success in substituting Negro labor for that of Russians and Poles. He says, according to the Literary Digest, in a letter to Julius Rosenwald: Beginning with three years ago, the employees consisted mainly of Russians and Poles, whom we had taught different branches of the work and who had worked for me, in most cases from their immigrant stage, varying from four to twenty-four years. They were an ignorant lot, cringing in their servility and totally unaccustomed to being treated decently. However, as they were taught the work and received good treatment they assumed an insolent air of independence and became unreasonable in their demands. After the war had been in progress for some time and immigration ceased, conditions became critical so I looked about for a solution. While I was South on a buying trip, I heard of; a colored machinist whom I forthwith saw and hired at a much higher salary, of course, than he was getting South. He proved satisfactory to such a degree that I hired all colored men for the felting department and placed him at the head of same. While he and the other men receive high wages (much higher than they hoped for), yet the cost of production has decreased considerably and the repairs on machinery is less than half it was under the old regime, who were not getting any more wages, but were not giving maximum production and in their carelessness broke the machinery, thereby increasing the cost of the product. * * * This was the first step. Gradually Mr. Van Gelder found it to his advantage to hire colored mattress-makers and to place colored men in practically all departments side by side with white employees. Their wages ranged from $18 per week for common hustlers to $30 for mechanics. Then came an opening for colored women. He continues: There is one branch of the work known as tufting, which is done by machinery. The operation of these machines is so simple and easy that any one can do it, and we had boys on them. We were beginning to have trouble in securing boys. American boys were in general demand and foreign boys were not to be had, so in looking over the situation I suddenly saw a large field I could draw from. Colored women are limited in their choice of occupations and it occurred to me that it would be a good plan to place them on the tufting machines. This experiment proved as successful as my experience with the men. I then placed colored women on the mattress-filling machines, which require deftness and considerable judgment. The success of the entire project so encouraged me that I took a step further and placed colored women in the sewing department among white women, and things are running very nicely without a hitch anywhere. He concludes, significantly: They are pleasant and appreciate the conditions they are working under and I am pleased with their attitude as much as with the actual results, that of increased production at the same outlay. The improvement made by the change surpasses my most sanguine expectations, in other words we are receiving a full day's work for a full day's pay. * * * In another part of the country, however, there have been made deliberate efforts to check development of Negro labor. The United States Employment Service has boldly misused its authority in this respect. The Washington, D. C , National Republican reports the speech of Clifford Williams, Director: "No more Negro labor must go to Hog Island, where it is being ruined by the 130 THE Yankees treating the Negroes as well as they do white people. You must be on the lookout for the labor agent, who has bled you white and that steals your stuff at night. We have got to co-operate, or we will have about as much chance as a one-legged man at a tango party. I am going to offer this stuff to you, and will help the communities that help themselves." The Republican comments: While Mr. Gompers was assisting the British labor convention to formulate a platform demanding that labor should hereafter not be treated as a commodity, an important official of a service, which is working cheek by jowl with the Department of Labor, describes the paying of higher wages than locally prevail, in a speech to employers, as "stealing your stuff." * * * The same situation is arising in South Africa. Says the New York Evening Post: The Transvaal is now discussing whether unskilled labor shall be the exclusive property of Kaffir natives, or whether white men shall be employed for such work. There is considerable difference of opinion in the matter, and although certain interests oppose the employment of white men at comparatively high wages, several newspapers and organizations are strongly in favor of educating white men to perform all the important work of the country. This would bar| the Kaffir from employment of any kind. After all this horror and bloodshed, still the world does not realize the inevitable relationship between economic oppression and disaster. RECONSTR UCTION TH E real reconstruction is not concerned with new boundary lines in Europe, the- rehabilitation of her peoples, or even a change in the apportionment of the German colonies in Africa. If the world is not soon to know again the horrors of a war, which will exceed even our present knowledge, there must be a concerted effort to reconcile the aims and wishes of 900,000,000 people of color with the attitude and demands of .500,000,000 white men. In the United States the problem hinges on labor conditions and franchise; in the world at large, the problem is embraced in President Wilson's formula, "self-determination for small nationalities." Prejudice, engendered by the war, has kept the public well-informed of Germany's unspeakable brutality in Africa, from the bloody trail left by Karl Peters in East CRISIS Africa, in 1884, down to the literal wiping out of 200,000 Hereros nearly thirty years later. But what of other nations? Has the development of Moroccan resources by France, for instance, been for; the sake of Morocco, or of France? * * * Kuman F. Markfez writes in the New York Evening Post: The abolition of tribal warfare and the diminution of illiteracy, brought about by the French occupation of Morocco, are consummations that properly evoke our gratitude. Equally encouraging are such manifestations of progress as the establishment of modern systems of sanitation, transportation, and communication, where the crudest primitiveness survived even to this decade Are the natives or the French investors deriving the major benefits from these innovations? Moreover, in the vast process of pioneer building, did the native laborers receive a wage proportionate to the pay of French workmen? In the conduct of schools, is free scope given to indigenous culture, to the expression of Moroccan art and folkivays, or is European culture superimposed upon native customs, having its fruition in a nondescript race of hybrids? It might be enlightening to know what proportion of the total Moroccan budget is devoted solely to native schools. Lord Cromer, for many years British Administrator of Egypt, in his "Ancient and Modern Imperialism," refers to the verdict of M. Boissier, a leading authority upon the subject of French dependencies, that the learning of the French language by the natives both of Algeria and Annam has not led to a rapprochement between them and the French. In plain words, M. Boissier asserts "the two races live in hostile camps." Has the result been different in Morocco? Similarly, considering the rapid growth of the European population in Casablanca, one wonders to what extent the facilities of the hospitals and dispensaries were used solely by natives. The services afforded the Moroccan farmer are valuable and are not to be underestimated, but may we not be told who controls the agencies, such as grain elevators and commission houses, through which farm products are distributed? Mr. Hubbard states, "Morocco today is no more an African but a European country." Is this the goal for which democracy should strive, and is this paternalistic method of administration compatible with the President's formula? Would it not be far more consistent with the ideals of democratic government to aid the Moroccans in the preservation and development of their unique culture? Would not the initial step toward the application of democracy's prin THE LOOKING GLASS 131 ciples be the rigid regulation of foreign investments? * * * The italics are ours. Is it not conceivable to the arrogant Caucasian that darker peoples may have their own notions of civilization, which contacts with the lines of white development make them eager to preserve? It is to be hoped that the Peace Representatives will learn this one thing. The Brooklyn Eagle says: Interesting to philosophical students of racial problems is the prospective attitude of the yellow men of the Far East. Of course, the 315,000,000 in India will be represented only through the delegates of Great Britain. But aggressive Japan, with nearly 60,000,000, and non-aggressive China, with approximately 325,000,000, both having declared war on Germany, will have the full status of belligerent powers. That Japan may "advise" China, and Peking may make Tuan Chi-jui, a pro-Japanese, the head of its representation is probable. And it is already prophesied that the yellow men will demand an agreement that in the future there shall be no racial discriminations against them throughout the world. * * * The economic struggle, the attempt of each nation to place its own product, the frenzied search for new markets—all this must be considered and re-adjusted in any real effort at reconstruction. The idea, Africa for Africans, must be faced. The old concept of Africa, as a place merely for European exploitation, might just as well be changed now as ever. The world cannot know peace until then. The Manchester, England, Guardian faces this issue squarely: The vice of European expansion in Africa is that personal gain—the gain of the shareholder in Europe, or of the white man in Africa—has colored too strongly the treatment of the native. Africa has been looked upon too much as the home of raw materials welcome to European industry, and of an even cruder raw material—native labor and native sweat. In the new era, which must come to Africa after this war, the claim of the Negro as a man, and the claim of Africa as for the most part the home of the Negro, must be heard and met. The ears of such men as Karl Peters would have been deaf to any such claim. THE SILLY SOUTH FEDERA L suffrage has caused many dis cussions, but surely none appealing to so many different emotions as does the speech made by one Harry Gamble before the New Orleans Press Club. The reader cannot help feeling disgust, surprise, anger, and above all, an impulse to "inextinguishable laughter." If this speech is representative, then the South lacks both logic and humor. Democracy anywhere, everywhere, but none in the United States, raves Mr. Gamble: We have had abatement, not settlement; students of events must see that with our state laws nullified, the Negro wearing the uniform of the country, his education creeping on, and above all the renewed attempt of Washington to put its hand on State Suffrage and Northern Democrats vying with Northern Republicans to gain political advantage thereby; with these things plainly in view, dead indeed must be the perception that does not recognize an early disturbance of race relationships in the South. As for me, I profess to be no wiser than other men. I blink horrid truth as often as my fellows. I hide my face from disagreeable prospects as weakly as another. I bury my face in the sand of indifference and inattention and imagine that repulsive facts have passed by, like others do. I claim no omniscience, but I know the South cannot live in peace and security so long as the leering, taunting demon of social and political equality between the races stares at us from the hopeful faces of a black population almost equal to our own. * * * Like Tully, he pleads thus with his country women: Let our women refuse this poisoned, treacherous bribe from Washington and demand the vote at home. When they take it from the states, they can give it back, if their black sisters should prove unmanageable; to Washington, they can give nothing back, though their black sisters should move from kitchen to drawing-room. Do we hear thosa soft tones that soothe us in our many sorrows, which croon our babes to sleep, and which gently cheer us on in our fainting struggles—do we hear them turned hard and cynical, saying "Our men have always managed, they can always manage." My God! Has the feeling between the sexes come to this: that the female says to the author of her being; to the brother whose life lies between her and danger or dishonor; to the husband of her bosom; to the son she bore, whom never before the mother forgot; does she say with the cold indifference of the Egyptian task-master to the toiling, failing Israelite: "You have borne this burden—you can bear more. It is my pleasure to take what I want—the way I want it—when I want it; yours is the duty to provide and to protect." * * * TH E CRISIS reads with much pleasure: There is an increasing number of sincere, honest and energetic men and women of 132 THE high standing in other sections who are oppressed with a sense of the Negro's condition They have wealth in millions, which will be spent in ignorantly marring the peace of our country. New publications, ably edited jointly by white and black, in increasing numbers, are openly established to bring about) complete social and political equality between the races. When you find such noble women as Miss Jane Addams and Helen Keller as Associate Editors and on the Managing Board of Directors of these publications, know that the party is respectable and powerful. You must realize that our danger lies in the very fact of their high standing and sincere purpose, combined with a complete want of understanding of the question they deal with. When you learn that the most conspicuous national leader for the Woman Suffrage Federation Amendments—who by some fantastic turn of events has become the leader ef our southern women—in a contribution to a very ably-conducted Negro magazine lately declared that it was strange and cruel and undemocratic that the white militant women suffragists in prison at Washington should object to the enforced intermingling with Negro women; when you learn that in their hot zeal these people would not hesitate to spend great sums in your very midst to accomplish what Banks and Butler could not do with blood and iron, the subjugation of the white man's spirit; I say, when you see such persons, with such power and such sentiments, combined with lack of knowledge or sympathy for our awful plight, who are cunning enough to become leaders of your own women—is it not time that you should look about you? * * * It is interesting to note that the South is perfectly aware of the Negro's right to lawful ambition and to read Mr. Gamble's ingenuous confession that the white man's reflex to lynching constitutes a punishment equal to1 the crime: Think you the Negro is content and hopeless? No. Being men and looking into your own hearts, you ought not to expect it. The sooner you recognize this, and give some part of your minds to plans for mutual peace, and his proper advancement, the less will be our inevitable distress. I say inevitable because I repeat that, with the best and most prudent management, in our crowded condition, it is almost hopeless to expect anything less than contacts which will at times, in the language of Jefferson, make human nature shudder. The people among us who imagine that the status of the Negro is fixed, his question settled, and peace will reign forever, and who will not pause to consider a fact, though it stare grinningly at them like a death's head, will be the very ones who, finally CRISIS shocked into an awakening, will in the terror and fear that follow sudden discovery grab gun, and rope, and torch, and commit acts alike upon guilty and innocent, disgraceful to humanity—and which will take out the savor of their own lives.have looked upon gray and grizzled men, some of them my blood kin, who, when little more than tender boys, were called by stern necessity to stand between their women and the black horde; and I saw that in their faces, in the unguarded moment, which taught me, that there can be no pleasant memories of slaying and killing. * * * But here is the gem! Universal suffrage in the United States must be stamped out, says Mr. Gamble. The men who have been establishing a democracy abroad must be spared the shock of finding democracy at home. He actually develops this paradox! And above all, for our husbands', brothers,' and sons' sake—who go forth to battle in a foreign land that democracy may live—let us beware that our negligence at home does not bring reproach in their returning eyes. What answer will we make to these victorious legions when again they shock our shores with their martial tread —and cry, "What Ho—Father, mother, wife, sister—what is the state of the country? Is all well?" Where will those hide their heads who could but make the fearful answer, "Your cause and your absence was our opportunity—while with mighty hammer you struck world-resounding blows for the freedom of men; we did with scarce heard clinking prepare new shackles for your returning feet." Be careful what you do, my southern countrymen and countrywomen, lest you betray the South, and find too late that the war-weary and broken bodies of her warrior sons may yet have strength to curse your handiwork. FOR EUROPEAN EYES T'H E day that heralded the establish •*• ment of democracy in Europe marked its utter failure in the United States. A Ne gro was lynched in Alabama, "after a run ning fight with officers, following a dis turbance he was said to have created." Walter B. McClane writes in the Boston, Mass., Herald: As I read your paper, I hear the children on the the outside blowing horns, beating upon tin pans, ringing bells and cheering, and I see them marching up and down the street proudly waving their flags, because democracy has triumphed and' the cause of liberty has been vindicated As I read further I come to the heading, "Alabama Mob Lynches Negro," because, it was said, he created a disturbance. This is sad news to read in a civilized country on any THE LOOKING GLASS 133 day, but especially on a day when the world is celebrating the victory of democracy over autocracy and the vindication of the cause of freedom and justice. If our great country does not destroy the vile system of "lynch law" as one of its first reconstructions efforts, it will stand before the civilized world as a nation of hypocrisy and sham. Just as truly as God has frowned upon Germany for her atrocious acts and oppressions, so,- too, He will frown upon America. Germany has sown murder and revolution throughout the world and she is today reaping murder and revolution. America is allowing her citizens to murder the weak and helpless and defenceless, and America will reap the fruits of her sowing if she does not abolish "lynch law." I write with no bitterness, with no spirit of hatred or revenge. I believe and hope that, just as the soul of America has spoken for the oppressed, and those treated unjustly throughout the world, so, too, America, true to the traditions of America, will speak out against the iniquitous habit of lynching her citizens and blot out forever the stain and source of weakness and thereby demonstrate the potency of the constitution and set forth the effectiveness of the laws of this republic. Edward F. Rivers says in the same paper: Lynching of Negroes is one of the "dud-shells" of the Civil War and Reconstruction that has never been attended to properly. Is it too much to hope that some belated steps may be taken in the coming days of readjustment to prevent the explosion of these "dud-shells" of mob violence? LAST ECHOES TH E war is over, but to the very end the Negro soldier is reaping well-merited praise. The Brooklyn Standard Union says: Of the American Negro soldiers it has been frequently said since we have been fighting in France, that they are decidedly the most cheerful troops who have spilt blood in this war, and as highly courageous as any who have shouldered guns ... . Under his smile and ready laugh or grin, the colored man has the qualities of the fighter—coolness, patience, steadfastness, optimism, pluck and, of course, courage. All these have been brought out in recent months, and honors have fallen upon him in France, in a manner that is cause for national pride. In every department of the Army, from wireless telegraphy to the sanitary squad, the Negro has played his part and played it conscientiously, and it is gratifying to know that this city has contributed a very large number of Negro fighters to the nation's army, for the percentage of volunteers here has been high. Easy to mould to the requirements of discipline, happy under any and all circumstances, he is an exemplary soldier. On the charge he sees red, as the fighter should, and in rest billets, or even in the trench, he seldom loses his cheerful outlook upon life. v * + The Philadelphia, Pa., Evening Bulletin comments on French fairness in citations for bravery. Americans please copy. Among the honors which France has bestowed upon American soldiers none is more interesting than the "citation" by which the entire 369th Regiment is given the coveted croix de guerre or war cross. This regiment was composed wholly of colored troops, although the higher officers were white men of long military experience. Originally a New York unit, its recruits came from many states. The citation is for gallantry in the September and1 October offensive in the Champagne sector, and while it deals in considerable detail with the valor of particular officers, it praises the courage and tenacity of the whole regiment, which suffered heavy losses. Only a few regiments have received such distinction, for the French are chary about distributing honors lest they become cheap. The incident illustrates the lack of racial prejudice in the French. It has been said that in the first year of the war France would have been defeated had it not been for the services—largely voluntary—of African troops, who rushed to her aid and displayed prodigies of valor. They broke the German line and reached the open but, lacking support, had to retire. American colored troops have done their whole duty in this war. This country should not be less willing than France to give full acknowledgment of their services. * * * The citation reads: Citation for Croix de Guerre, aivarded the 369e Regiment d'Infanterie, U. S. (formerly the Fifteenth New York Infantry), for its operations as a combat unit of a French division, in the great offensive in Champagne, September and October, 1918, by the French Commanding General. Under command of Colonel Hayward, who, though injured, insisted on leading his regiment in the battle; of Lieutenant Colonel Pickering, admirably cool and brave; of Major Cobb, killed; of Major Spencer, grievously wounded; of Major Little, a true leader of men; (he 369th R. I., U. S., engaging in an offensive for the first time in the drive of September, 1918, stormed powerful enemy positions energetically defended, took, after heavy fighting, the town of S , captured prisoners and brought back six cannons and a great number of machine guns. "DISTURBING THE PEACE, YOUR HONOR!" The Horizon MUSIC AND ART A T her New York recital, Grace Hof *• heimer played a "Negro Rhapsody," by Albert Spaulding. American soldiers in London recently paraded behind a Negro band of forty pieces. The parade halted in front of Buck ingham Palace, and disbanded; then the band proceeded to the parade grounds, where it rendered to thousands of persons a concert lasting an hour. A number of compositions written after Negro folk-songs, or in the Negro idiom, are listed among recently published novelties: "Swing Low" has been arranged for voice and piano by James H. Rogers; "Doan' You" is a dialect song of worth by Robert H. Terry; "Serenade Negre," a violin number composed by Macmillan, appeared on the recital program of Richard Czerwonky at .ffiolian Hall, New York City, in November; William Stickles' dialect song, "The Whippoorwill," heard with great pleasure in manuscript form, is soon to be published by Schirmer Company; "Negro Lament" is a Negro Spiritual arranged for voice by John T. Howard, Jr. In a recital of "Songs of Outlaws" Yvette Guilbert, exponent of French chanson, gave an old Negro song, "I Love That Man," as an example of the sentimental life of the outlaw. Mabel Garrison, soprano, of the Metropolitan Opera Company, presented two NegTO songs on her recital program recently given in New York City: "Nobody Knows De Trouble Ah Sees," by J. Rosamond Johnson, and "De 01' Ark's a-Moverin'." At Tulsa, Okla., through the efforts of the Council of National Defense, 2,000 colored persons held a."Sing," under the direction of Robert B. Carson and Dr. C. E. Smith. Of a new set of "Negro Spirituals" arranged by H. T. Burleigh, Musical America says: "These four Spirituals are as fine as anything he has done. Every one of them is a melody of distinctive quality and the treatment he has given them is perfect. As for Mr. Burleigh's harmonic scheme in 'Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child,' we are tempted to say that not until we knew his setting did we realize what a remarkable tune it was. The old-time harmonic dress to this melody has never set off the fullness of its pathos. But as it is here, with the counterpoint that Mr. Burleigh has added, it is an artistic entity that commands immediate attention. It ought to find a place in the repertoire of those of our concert singers who appreciate what H. T. Burleigh is doing for them in preparing these spirituals for concert use." A most successful concert was given in Symphony Hall, Boston, Mass., on November 21, by Roland W. Hayes, tenor, assisted by a small orchestra and William S. Lawrence, pianist. William S. Lawrence, pianist, who was heard in Symphony Hall, as an assistant artist to Roland W. Hayes, disclosed marked talent deserving notice. The reviewers give him credit for the artistry displayed in the following numbers: MacDowell, "To the Sea and Danse Andalouse"; Cyril Scott, "Lotus Land"; Debussy, "Clair de Lune"; Chopin, "Polonaise Op. 40, No. 1, Nocturne, Op. 15,' No. 2," "Valse in E Minor." An exhibit of smaller pieces of sculpture by Meta Warrick Fuller, arranged by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare and Mrs. C. Henri Rob-bins for the Soldiers' Comfort Unit of Boston, during November, resulted in the following comment from the Boston Transcript: "Here is a colored woman's work of an arresting interest. It shows technical skill, well-trained—with gleams of unmistakable excellence. Besides her technical merit—good modeling, anatomical knowledge—there is a certain 'gesture' in her work of the 'fine careless rapture' that is revealing and convincing, especially in certain portrait statuettes and odd character-types. It has always been 'The Listener's' belief that one broad 'way out' open to 135 International Film Service. SOME "BUFFALO"' OFFICERS WITH THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES THE HORIZON all, for this young sculptor's race, lies through the fine arts. In fact, in every field of art, music, painting, sculpture, poetry, already there are living examples to prove it. Art is the purest democracy in the world—ever has been, and ever must be." Five hundred Negroes of the Develop ment Battalion at Camp Upton, N. Y., re cently gave a concert of plantation melodies for the troopers. The choir of Mount Olivet Baptist Church, in New York City, has held its third annual Musicale. In addition to a miscellaneous program , Mendelssohn's "First Walpurgis Night" was offered to a. large and appreciative audience. May Howard Jackson, the well-known sculptress, announces that her studio at 221 West 138th Street, New York City, will hereafter be open gratis to the public from 10 A. M. to 5 P. M. daily. This artist besides achieving distinction in workmanship and technique has also the charm of originality in choice of subject. She hao attempted to embody in her work certain aspects of the American color problem, and in this she has succeeded marvelously. Among her groups of this character, the "Mulatto Mother and Her Child" and "Brotherhood" have won very special, attention. One is immediately struck by the dignity of her treatment and the scope of her vision. Mrs. Jackson will be in her studio daily from 2:00 to 4:00 P. M. and at this time will take pleasure in receiving visitors and in discussing her work with them. THE WAR BECAUSE her father was a Civil War veteran, Miss H. M. L. Brown, the only Negro High School graduate at Lexington, Mass., was given the honor of unveiling the "Roll of Honor," at Lexington. Clubs for colored soldiers and sailors have been established by The War Camp Community Service in the following cities: New York; Boston; Camp Dix, N. J.; Baltimore; Alexandria, Hampton, Petersburg, Newport News, Norfolk, Richmond, Va.; Ashville, Southart and Charlotte, N. C ; Greenville, Charleston, Spartanburg and Columbia, S. C ; Atlanta, Augusta and Macon, Ga.; Pensacola and Jacksonville, Fla.; Montgomery and Anniston, Ala.; Detroit; Chillicothe, Ohio; Louisville; Rockford, 111.; Des Moines; Camp Funston District; Indiana polis; Little Rock; Waco, Galveston and San Antonio, Texas. Out of fifty-six colored candidates detailed for Machine Gun instruction at Camp Hancock, Georgia, forty-two were graduated. Twenty-thousand Negro draftees, qualified for limited service, are to be furloughed for extension work on Camps Bragg, North Carolina; Knoxville, Kentucky; Jackson, South Carolina; and at Ordnance Supply stations, where a shortage of labor exists. Bob Scanlon, the Negro pugilist with the "Daredevil Americans of the Foreign Legion," after jumping over two dead Germans, for a fist-to-fist fight with a Hun, was killed by an automatic revolver. He created a sensation in London by flying in a machine of his own construction and landing safely in an embankment, although his machine was demolished. At a London hospital, instead of permitting the use of an anaesthetic in the amputation of a finger, he calmly looked on, joking the while. When American military elements asked for the segregation of Negro American fighters in France, Marshal Foch replied: "When General Pershing came to France, he found a black man at the head of the French Army. France has no color prejudice, and persecutes no man on account of color or creed." The man in question was General Dodds. First Sergeant Clarence S. Janifer, M. R.C., a medical student of Howard, received the Croix de Guerre, while his division was with the Fourth French Army. Lieutenant W. M. Johnson, of the 366th Infantry, a Negro resident of Omaha, Neb., has been appointed Mayor of several villages in France, occupied by American troops, because of his familiarity with the French language and customs. The Personnel Division of the Y. M. C. A. announces that there are ninety Negro secretaries in camps and twenty-eight overseas. Among women's organizations to be presented Honor Banners, for the best work in the Fourth Liberty Loan drive at Baltimore, was the Colored Division of the Maryland Council of Defense. Negro troopers with the American Army THE CRISIS THE FLAG OF THE "FIGHTING FIFTEENTH" in France brought down a German plane in less than fifteen seconds. They made one-hundred bullet penetrations. Five hundred Negro women at Norfolk, Va., registered with the Federal authorities for manual work, to relieve Negro men for Government work. Maitland Jacobs, a colored boy of Pittsfield, Mass., when leaving for camp, carried a blanket that was used by his grandfather in the Civil War. He has since been commissioned Lieutenant. Heriry D. Taylor, a graduate of Lincoln University and a recent graduate of the Medical Department of McGill University, has been commissioned as First Lieutenant in the Canadian Army Medical Corps. Doctor W. E. B. DuBois, Major Moton and Mr. Lester A. Walton sailed December 1, on the Orizaba, a special U. S. transport for reporters of the Peace Conference. Corporal M. Harry Davis, of Frederick, Md., was wounded and gassed twice, while serving as a Machine Gunner with the American Expeditionary Forces. He has returned to the states and been honorably discharged. The Division of Films Committee on Public Information has made a contract with the Downing Film Company, with offices in the Astor Theatre Building, New York City, for the distribution and exploitation of the two-reel film, "Our Colored Fighters." Twenty-five colored women are taking a course in Motor Mechanism, under the Maryland Council of Defense. Fire swept the camp occupied by two companies of the 25th U. S. Infantry, at Yuma, Arizona. In addition to being left shelterless, the 320 Negro troopers lost all their arms, equipment, bedding, extra cloth ing and personal effects, including a large number of Liberty Bonds. A number of striking comments have been made on the war work of the American Negro by West Africa, a weekly news paper published in London, England, and edited by Albert Cartwright, a native Afri can. Sixteen hundred and seventy-five Negro soldiers at Camp Beauregard, La., have volunteered for harvesting, under provision made by the War Department. The Arkansas Negro Baptist Association has voted to send Dr. E. C. Morris, of Helena, its president, to the Peace Conference. The Executive Committee of the National Race Congress of the United States has named five delegates to the "international conference of the darker races of the world": J. R. Hawkins, Rev. W. H. Jernagin, William Harrison, Rev. ;A. J. Stokes, Dr. J. M. Waldron. The Surgeon-General's office reports that colored medical officers have been assigned to all colored organizations with colored line officers. A press dispatch says: A regiment of these "Black Devils," as they are called by the Germans, known as the "Buffaloes," alone captured three hundred Germans. The Germans apparently seemed fearful of their safety when they faced these shouting colored boys, and in many cases gave themselves up without conflict as prisoners. When informed they would be relieved by fresh troopers after holding their line for neai-ly thirty-six hours of continuous fighting, the Buffaloes reported that they needed no relief, but began pressing "Heinie" back farther. News has reached Paris that north of the Ardre River, American colored troops, along with British and Italian troops, were thrown into the fray. The attack of the Italians was feebly developed and rapidly crushed. But the black troops pushed forward with the British and French in support. Between the forests of Fere and Riz the colored troops fought their way forward. THE HORIZON INDUSTRY POLITICS T'HE shortage of Negro farm labor in the South has made it necessary for women of the "first families" in Georgia to become such laborers. In New York City, Negro waiters and cooks have taken the places of white strik ers at the Vanderbilt and Plaza Hotels; col ored girls have been installed in the dining- rooms of the Judson and Albert Hotels. Sam Keetor, a colored man, in Magaffir Co., Ky., has acquired a thousand acres of land, and is known as the Eastern Cattle King. MEETINGS TWO thousand Negroes meeting in New York City, adopted resolutions de manding that captured German colonies in Africa be turned over to the natives; that if the lynching of Negroes was not stopped in America a revolution of 12,000,000 Ne gro citizens might be used to stop it. The Colored Committee of the Women's Auxiliary of the Diocese of Pennsylvania, which looks after the interests of the mis sions for colored people, especially in the Southern States, has held its regular meeting and elected Mrs. Walter Faro, Pres ident. At the annual meeting of the Maryland State Colored Teachers' Association, held in Baltimore, George W. Murphy was reelected president. The Anti-Vilification League has been organized in Chicago, 111., to co-operate with the Chicago Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. The work will be similar to that carried on by the Anti-Defamation League of the Jewish race, i. e., combating insidious and pitiless propaganda of race hatred, which makes its appearance in the press, in the moving-picture and on the stage. The twenty-eighth annual Negro Conference of the South will be held at Tuskegee Institute, January 22-23. The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes held a two days' conference of executive secretaries and members of its national and local executive boards during November at Columbus, Ohio. The discussions consisted principally of the work of reconstruction that confronts the country at this time. A POLICE canvass made in eighty pre *• cincts of fourteen wards, St. Louis, Mo., showed the registration of 3,379 Ne groes not entitled to vote. Three Negroes were elected to the Leg islature in Chicago, 111.: S. B. Turner, A. H. Roberts and W. B. Douglass. CHURCH TH E C. M. E. Church has purchased, through Bishop R. A. Carter, the $100,000 building of the Fifth Avenue M. E. Church, at Robey Street and Park Avenue, Chicago. Formal opening of the edifice was held November 3. One of the features of this church is a $10,000 pipe organ. The Methodist Episcopal Church and the Methodist Episcopal Church South will hold a "World's Fair of Methodism," at Columbus, Ohio, June 20 to July 17, 1919, in commemoration of the coming of peace and the centennial of its missionary activities. Among the features will be a village representing Africa, peopled by native inhabitants, in native dress, and a pageant illustrating the development of Methodism from the days of John Wesley to the present. The program of missionary work throughout the world, which will involve an expenditure of $115,000,000, will be visualized by transporting almost bodily native villages from the various foreign fields to the buildings of the Ohio State Exposition Grounds. An assemblage of Negroes in Tremont Temple, Boston, which had gathered to hold a service commemorative of the life of the late Mrs. Geraldine Louise Trotter, passed a resolution in her name, appealing to President Wilson to ask Congress for an antilynching law, and for measures to end discrimination against Negroes in the army and navy and in civil life. Bishop A. P. Camphor, after two years' absence, has arrived in America from his residence at Monrovia, Liberia. He came by way of France, where he preached and lectured to Negro Labor Battalions. Dr. W. Augustus Jones has been elected Field Secretary and General Director of the $25,000 campaign of the National Baptist Foreign Mission Board, with headquarters at Louisville, Ky. His salary will be $2,000 per year and expenses. THE CRISIS THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF WHITE AND COLORED WORKERS AT THE MURDOCK SHIP YARD, JACKSONVILLE, FLA., TO THE AMERICAN RED CROSS The Kev. J. ri. Dorsey, one 01 tour colored Catholic priests in America, has been appointed pastor of St. Monica's Catholic Church, Baltimore. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1902 at St. Francis Xavier Church. St. Mark's Methodist Church, in New York City, on the last Sunday in October, collected $9,337, made up of small gifts. The Rev. William H. Brooks is pastor. EDUCATION TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE has been made a gift of $1,000,000 by the late Mrs. Russell Sage. W. B. Crittenden, formerly Dean of Livingstone College, Salisbury, N. C , is now Principal of the Vicksburg, Miss., Industrial School. SOCIAL PROGRESS TH E thirteenth annual meeting of the Atlanta Mutual Insurance Company reports assets of more than $2,500,000. A. F. Herndon, who organized the company thirteen years ago, and J. C. Lindsay were re-elected President and General Manager, respectively, as were C. C. Shanks, Secretary-Auditor, and the rest of the Board of Directors; R. W. Chamblee was elected Vice-President, and also General Manager of Straight Life Department; Norris Herndon, Director, and E. M. Martin, Jr., Manager of the Agents' Division. After listening to 1,200 Negroes singing folk-songs at his meeting in Providence, Rhode Island, the Rev. Billy Sunday said: "If the Negro is good enough to fight in the trenches and to buy Liberty Bonds, his girl is good enough to work along side of( any white girl in the munition factories." On October 20 the Independent Order of St. Luke dedicated a $30,000 building, at 125-7 West 130th Street, New York City. Tax returns for the year 1918 on all Negro property in the State of Georgia show a total increase of $47,423,449, an increase of $7,135,528 over 1917; Negro farmers added $3,000,000 worth of hogs, horses and other cattle; and $700,000 was spent in automobiles. The Wage Earners' Savings Bank, Savannah, Ga., reports its increase in business over 1917, $167,251.78; the number of depositors increased 2,518, making a total WAR WORKERS AT BRIDGEPORT, CONNECTICUT 142 THE CRISIS of 11,315; the assets are $586,531.97; the paid-in capital is $50,000, with a surplus of $35,301.94. The bank has existed eighteen years. L. A. Williams, who is president and one of the founders, and the Board of Directors were re-elected. A twenty-five per cent dividend has been declared on the defunct Savings Bank of the Order of True Reformers, Richmond, Va., which was forced to close in 1910. The distribution of money in hand, $100,000, will be made through the Mechanics' Savings Bank. Dr. William E. Quinn, a widely-known physician in Chicago, 111., has deeded his residence at 3160 Indiana Avenue, to be used as a social center for Negroes. In St. Louis, Mo., a hotel of seventy rooms, "The Grand Central," has been opened for Negroes, The main building of Lincoln Insti tute, a Negro normal school at Jefferson City, Mo., through a defective wire catching fire has been damaged to the extent of several thousand dollars. The state carried no insurance on the building. Beatrice F. Duncan, a colored woman, has been Assistant-in-Charge of the Volunteer Red Cross Workers of the Boston City Hospital for the past six months. The Municipal Contagious Disease Hospital, of Chicago, has opened its doors to the employment of four colored registered graduate nurses: Misses Evelyn S. Pearl, of Douglass Hospital; Goldie Walker, of Provident Hospital; Beatrice E. Porter and Josephine Lightfoot, of Freedmen's Hospital. The smallest compensation paid these nurses is seventy-five dollars per month, besides lodging,' board and laundering. The Census for Mortality Statistics for 1916 shows a decrease in Negro mortality. The rate in cities which have 10 per cent, or more of their population colored has averaged 25.5 per thousand of population in the last five years, as against 28.7 in the years from 1901 to 1905. The tuberculosis rate is still high, ranging from 627 deaths per hundred thousand of population in New Orleans, to 248 in North Carolina. The rate for Negroes in the whole registration area was 20.5 per thousand, as compared with -13.5 per thousand for whites. The rate for tuberculosis of the lungs was 312 per hundred thousand, as compared with 110 for the whites. PERSONAL SO L BUTLER, a Negro half-back, scored both touch-downs of Dubuque Seminary's victory over Grinnell College, 13-0. Hilliard Taylor, a Negro bank messenger of Richardson, Hill &amp; Co., Boston, has been retired and pensioned at full pay by his employers after fifty years' service. John Brown, a Negro, who has been in the employ of the Santa Fe since the road was built from Atchison to Topeka, Kan., has been promoted to Assistant Custodian at Topeka. William F. Pettiford, a young colored man, has been appointed auto-driver at the Sixth District Police Station, in the 01neyville Section, Providence, Rhode Island. Mrs. R. L. Barnes, of Savannah, Ga., for over twenty years Grand Worthy Counsellor of the Grand Court of Calanthe, is dead. From a few hundred members and little money the Order grew to a membership of several thousands, with a corresponding increase in money. Jerry West, a colored foreman in the Shipping Department of the Hydraulic Pressed Steel Company, Cleveland, Ohio, won the first grand prize in a suggestion contest among white and colored employees. He submitted an improved design for a car-loading conveyor. r John Dodson, a colored man of Brook lyn, New York, has been appointed Super intendent of the Submarine Boat Corps at Port Newark, New Jersey. The third anniversary of the death of Booker T. Washington was celebrated No vember 14, at Tuskegee Institute and in several cities. W. J. Curry, of the Post Office Department, Washington, D. C , has been promoted to a $1,700 clerkship. "Battling" Jim Johnson, a widely-known Negro boxer, died during November at Boston, Mass. The U. S. Department of Labor has appointed Mrs. Helen B. Irvin, a colored woman, as Special Assistant on Economic Problems of Negro Women Wage Earners. Dr. S. S. Hill, of Montclair, N. J., has been appointed a Dental Interne at the Kansas City, Mo., General Hospital. THE HORIZON A Service Flag in a Negro District, West 39th Street, between 9th and 10th Avenues, New York City, It contains 81 stars but the record has since been changed to I5O War Work in Atlanta, Ga. 144 THE CRISIS G. I. Currin of Dover, Okla., is dead. For nineteen years he was Grandmaster of Oklahoma Masons, and during this time a $40,000 Masonic Temple was erected and paid for at Boley. Dr. W. Harry Barnes of Philadelphia, Pa., has been appointed Acting Assistant Surgeon in the U. S. Public Health Service by Surgeon General Blue, and ordered to report for active duty in Boston. James M. S. Hamilton, a colored man, has for fifty years been subscription clerk of THE NATION and since 1881, for THE EVENING POST. Since the latter paper has been sold Mr. Hamilton continues with The Evening Post and gives up his work with The Nation. Walter J. Singleton, who has been connected with the Bureau of Insular Affairs, War Department, for twenty years, has been designated to inspect and superintend the shipment of all currency made by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, Treasury Department, for the Philippine Government. Two colored physicians, Doctors Whitehead and Lazatt, have been assigned to work at the State Board of Health, New Bedford, Mass. Mrs. Gertrude Durden-Rush, of Des Moines, Iowa, has been admitted to the Bar. FOREIGN ABIL L adopted by the Chamber of Dep uties, Paris, gives full citizenship rights to native Musulmans and Algerians twenty-five years of age, not condemned for political crime. Tribute was paid to the Algerian sharpshooters in the late war, and in recognition of their refusal to sur render at Sedan, in the Franco-Prussian War. GHETTO T'H E School Commissioners of Baltimore, -•- Md., have recommended to the Board of Estimate, a budget for 1919, which dis criminates against Negro teachers as fol lows : Colored High School Teach ers, male (white) $1,200-$2,000 Colored High School Teach ers, male (Negro) $1,000-$1,400 Colored High School Teach ers, female (white) $1,110-$1,500 Colored High School Teach ers, female (Negro) $800-$l,300 At the Training School for Colored Pupils: White teachers $1,000-$1,600 Negro teachers $1,000-$1,300 The maximum for Negro Heads of Departments: White $2,200 Negro $1,500 The Colored High School still occupies an inadequate building, without gymnasium, swimming-pool, athletic grounds, shops, or other improvements, regardless of the fact that Negro citizens pay taxes on $48,000,000 worth of property. A protest is, naturally, being made. CRIME AN unsuccessful attempt to lynch Rus sell High, a Negro, in Winston- Salem, N. C , on a charge of shooting a farmer, the county sheriff and attacking the farmer's wife, resulted in the death ot four persons and injury to more than twenty. A press report of December 12 says: Negro refugees from Green River, Wyo., arriving here to-day, declared that all colored men, women, and children had been ordered to leave that town following the lynching Tuesday of Edward Woodson, a Negro charged with killing a railroad switchman and wounding another. Nearly all left their possessions in Green River, having been given only until last night to leave. The Buffalo, N. Y., Express says: The authorities of Winston-Salem, N. C, where a serious outbreak of mob violence against Negroes occurred on November 17, have arrested a number of persons accused of participating in the riot and promise to prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law. We shall see what we shall see. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Sheffield, Ala., November 12, George Whiteside, hanged; charged with the murder of a policeman. Culpepper County, Va., November 24, Allie Thompson; charged with assaulting a white woman. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	145 MEN AND WOMEN TRAINED IN AGRICULTURE WILL BE IN GREAT DEMAND AFTER THE WAR Secretary Lane is urging that plans and "Plans for providing the returned soldier with land surveys and studies be instituted now so that are rapidly taking shape. when demobilization begins, farms and homes * * * Let us not think of may be offered to the returned soldiers on the the individual returned sol most encouraging terms. dier exiled to a tongue of green land between the stony breasts of western mountains * * * but of orUnder the Smith-Hughes Vocational Edganic communities of one ucation Act, the Government is already train or two hundred farms with ing Teachers, Agriculturalists and Mechanics competent agricultural ad visers to brace up the techwhose services will be in great demand after nique of those who are the war to help these soldiers and rural inwilling to learn."—The New habitants adjust themselves to the problems Republic. of reconstruction. Tuskegee Institute offers the Smith-Hughes Course in: Teacher-Training Agriculture Mechanics Home Economics Splendid opportunities for young men and women of purpose, and an exceptional chance for young men who have been placed in deferred classes or exempted. You may enroll NOW. Address, R. R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Armstrong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 900 boardin g students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 835 acres; and 200 teachers and workers. Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four year secondary schools. OVER 650 HAMPTONIANS HAVE BEEN COURSES — Recently re IN NATIONAL SERVICE 	vised four-year courses in Teache r Training; Home The young men are under military disEconomics; Business; Agricipline, and are formed into a battalion culture; and 13 Trades. with student officers. JAMES E. GREGG, D. D., Principal Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FORYOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Ave. and N. 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opened Tuesday, October i, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send JOT Enrollment Blank "nj Jull injormalion. Day and Evening Classes Our students hold positions at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, various camps and "over there." All are receiving excellent salaries and highest praise. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. Catalog. Principal THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE, 2227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students recently appointed at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, and Post Office as stenographers and clerks are receiving Big Salaries— male and female stenographers are averaging $1800 per year. W e are informed that one of our male students is a stenographer in France. SCHOOL OPENED OCTOBER 15th THREE MONTHS COURSE—5 lessons a week. Apt students can pass Civil Service Examination at end of course. EIGHT MONTHS COURSE—2 lessons a week. W e advise students to take this course because it gives more time for lesson preparation and practice. Edward T. Duncan, President • STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Racei Prepare in the beat achool of ita kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Cm l Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenae and 135th It., New York City. Open Alt Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President, with all modern Suburban Homes improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade. Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. Near Washington, D. C. Lots 50 by 1&amp;0, $270, $10 down. $5 monthly Houses built to order after $100 or more is paid on lot. Fertile land, pood elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school churches club free 301 cnurcnes CIUD tree Thos. J.3allowa C I Callowa 1 1403 New ~~ Washington, a761"16 orf °D I the™ I M y course in Penmanship, Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mail will prepare you for the position worth while. Write for information. A.D.Nolley,M.Pen.,519MichiganAve.,Buffalo,N.Y. A live agency furnishes the. TEACHERS connecting medium in * busi lieu way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wear Virginia. THZ MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 14U New York ATOMS* Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Prompt Payment of Claims Naturally we are proud of our record in the payment of claims. Big or little, we give them the same careful scrutiny and attention, and pay them all promptly. The recent Influenza Epidemic has been no respecter of Persons and many people in the Prime of life were stricken down. Among the Influenza Claims paid by us were the following: Dr. D. E. Payne, Cordele, Ga $2,000 Mrs. Ida Almond, Elberton, Ga 500 Sylvester Bibbs, San Antonio, Texas 1,000 Joseph P. Hicks, Houston, Texas 1,000 John H. Anderson, Social Circle, Ga 1,000 Rufus G. McCrary, Pelham, Ga 2,500 Thomas B. Dunlap, Tyler, Texas 1,000 It is consoling to know that your insurance is carried with a strong company, administered on the principle of fair dealing to all men.. No matter what the amount, nor how sudden the claim, STANDAR D LIF E Pays, and Pays Promptly in Full. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office, 200 Auburn Ave. ATLANTA, GEORGIA HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Operating for the present only in Virginia, The Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA Is not only paying claims as provided in the policy, to many of our gallant soldier boys, but is standing like a stone wall of protection to the thousands of loved ones left behind. In many instances were it not for the foresight shown by these loving husbands, fathers and sons in providing their families with Southern Aid Policies, there would be untold suffering in some of the homes of these brave soldier boys. By paying promptly sick, accident and death claims to policy holders in the soldiers' homes and purchasing Liberty Bonds, the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is helping mightily to keep up the morale of our bronze gladiators. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is the only insurance organization issuing a guaranteed continuous payment policy for sickness and accidents and an undiminished Death Claim after death. A Virginia Home without a Southern Aid Society's Policy is not finished. JOIN NOW! A.	 D. PRICE, B. L. JORDAN, W. A. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention THE CIISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Assets nearly One-Half Million dollars. Owns $160,000.00 in Government Eonds. The following Editorial appeared in the "Durham Daily Herald," May 10, 1918: A SUBSTANTIAL ENTERPRISE (Editorial) The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, a business enterprise owned, controlled and actively managed by colored men of Durham, has developed into an important asset of the city during its nineteen years of existence. It is no idle boast nor advertising motto that this company is the " largest and strongest Negro insurance company in the world." It is just that and more. It is managed along the most modern lines and is a business which not only the colored people may be proud of, but one which also deserves a high place among the new insurance companies of the southern states. Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monograph! Sold Separately Acid resI ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :i ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contain! 296 Pagei, IS Chapters, HUtorical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Eound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. AddreM JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington. D. C HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. The Whittaker Memorial Hospital Training School for Nurses $25.00 PER WEEK Offers a three year course of training to women who wish to enter the nursing profession. Favorable apmay be made in commissions by parties handling plicants must be over IS years of age, of good health, "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American nf e"ood moral character and must have had two years War" combined with "History of the Negro Race,'' high school training or its equivalent. 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Application blanks will be sent on request. Address: E. A. JOHNSON L1LL1E A. WYNN, R. N. Superintendent 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK Orcutt Avenue and 29th St., Newport News, Va. A PROPHECY FULFILLED Our Book, "A Tribute for the Negro Soldier" written just Single as the United States entered the World War, said that on p „ the basis of the Negro race's history in every age, and every clime, the American Negro soldier would make his mark in 25c France. He has. Read the facts on which this prediction was made. BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street Kansas City, Mo. Something Everybody Needs We are offering three of the biggest bargains of the day in the line of Christmas cards. Do not fail to make your purchase through us. You get your cards retail at Wholesale prices. We place in every order cards appropriate to send to the Boys at Camp or Abroad. Now is the time to order, if you want your cards to reach over seas for Christmas. Send stamps or money for the set you desire. Wonderful assortment for 12c. Quality sets at 25 and 50 cents. No like bargains obtainable anywhere, THE TRUE BLUE CALENDAR This picture having become so popular we have responded to many requests by making a beautiful calendar which we will send you for 30c1. JULIAN R. MILLER. Jr. 1201 SPRUCE STREET PHILADELPHIA Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 151 A Necessary Guide for the Reconstruction Period THE STORY OF HAMPTON and of ARMSTRONG Told by Dr. FRANCIS G. PEABODY in EDUCATION FOR LIFE Hon. FRANKLIN K. LANE, Secretary of the Interior, says of it: "Yo u have given me two of the most delightful evenings I have had in a long time. I have spent them with Francis G. Peabody's book on 'Education For Life.' There are few men in the United States who write such English. I read pages of it to Mrs. Lane. The book is not only a brilliant piece of work, but it is as healthful and stimulating as sunshine itself." Dr. ROBERT R. MOTON , Principal of Tuskegee, said of it just before sailing for France on his mission for the U. S. Government: "The happenings of the past four years have shown, as perhaps nothing else has, the real need and practical value of the type of education which General Armstrong emphasized at Hampton, which in no sense antagonizes any other form of education." EMMETT J. SCOTT, Special Assistant to the Secretary of War, says: "Mr. Peabody's book should be in the home of every thinking American, whatever his color, creed or race." Illustrated $2.65 Postpaid —+ BOOKER T. WASHINGTON Builder of a Civilization (The Authorized Biography) By EMMETT J. SCOTT and LYMAN BEECHER STOWE At the celebration held in Chicago after the Spanish War, Booker Washington said: "W e have succeeded in every conflict, except the effort to conquer ourselves in the blotting out of racial prejudice. . . . Until we thus conquer ourselves, I make nn empty statement when I say that we shall have, especially in the Southern part of our country, a cancer gnawing at the heart of the Republic that shall one day prove as dangerous as an attack from an army without or within." Thus spoke this great Negro prophet at the close of the lust zvar. His words are of the highest value to both races in connection with racial readjustment aiicr this war. Hon. P. P. CLAXTON, Commissioner of Education of the United States, says of it: "I wish every man and woman in the United Stales who has any influence in determining the policies of the country might read the book." Illustrated $2.15 postpaid Order through the Publishers, DOUBLEDAY, PAGE 85 CO., GARDEN CITY, N. Y., or through TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Mention TH E CRISIS. 152	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. An Appeal to Conscience (just off the press—Macmillan) $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2)	 I-5° 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10) 3-°o 5. The Disgrace of Democracy (100,000 copies distributed) 10 6.	 The Negro's Place in the New Reconstruction (Ready about Jan. 15, 1919) 10 Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Agents Wanted Everywhere KELL Y MILLER , Howard University, Washington, D. C. Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere. Send all orders to the author The CRISIS Calendar for 1919 is a TERCENTENARY CALENDAR, commemorating the landing of Negroes at Jamestown, Va., in 1619. The calendar contains valuable historical information concerning the Negro race in America and every page carries the face of an interesting Negro child. 1216	 You Street, N. W. PRICE 2 5 CENTS Washington, D. C. The Crisis, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available (or Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningaide 126 W. 134th Stmt New York City FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "Shis has one of the best voices that Got! has given her race."—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago American. Engagements accepted for Concerts. Recitals. Oratorio. 659 28th Street. Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of C 1 a r e n c-e . Cameron White and his Con- ' | cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. JOSEPHINE JUNIUS CONTRALTO "Miss Junius is the possessor of a contralto voice, lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."—Oscar Saenger. AVAILABLE FOR CONCERTS 202 W. 140th Street New York City. CLEOTA COLLINS LYRIC SOPRANO "Miss Collins possesses a voice of wonderful quality which she manages with admirable taste and skill. Her personal charm and beauty enhanced the pleasure enjoyed from the really excellent program presented. The audience of music lovers in attendance were enthusiastic in their appreciation of the talented young lady. "—Newark Daily News. ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED 103 "W. 143d St. New York City. M I ^ifiiiii BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglaaa, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 buata lor 55.00. Agenta wanted. Send al once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 713 S. HICKORY ST, PINE BLUFF, ARK. ADVERTISER DON'T MISS THE SERIES t Twelve {I'D famous Colored musicians commencing with the "COLERIDGE-TAYLOR NUMBER" wllh an original cover drawing by race artist in Uie Jtinuary. HMD, edition of "THE MUSIC MASTER" Order promptly. $1 a year, Copy 12c. mulled. Addross: Wellington A. Adams, 1911 Ninth St. N. w , Washington, D. C. February—Harry T. TturU'lgh Numhor! "Our Colored Heroes" "The Colored Fighters" Size 1G x 20. Greatest Patriotic Pictures ever published of our colored warriors. The Heroes of Democracy. Millions will be sold. Agents wanted the world ovor. 40 other designs of War Pictures. Soiling price 25c. Wholesale prlco 2D, $1.75; GO, $3.00; 100, $5.50; 500, $22.50; 1,000, $40.00. Largo catalog free. 15 assorted samples of Negro subjects, $1.00 postpaid. HANZEL SALES COMPANY Publishers of war pictures of merit 12 FEDERAL ST., PITTSBURGH, PA. DRY • CLEANING I New book iust published. A little treasure for every woman. Tells how to Dry Clean anything at home from a necktie to a tiarpet. Saves time and money. Enclose a silver dime in thip advertisement and return it to ua for descriptive circular and we will •endyon free of charge our recipe "How to Clean and Curl Feathers and Plumes," * THE ADAMS CO., 156 Forest Ave. Cincinnati, Ohio HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, III. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young tad old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. Hie waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, /progressive people of the day—people who do things? /Do you believe In progress and do you want to /have a part In one of the most progressive move ments of the time? Surely 1 / Then you will be interested In, and want to &gt; own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, / Michigan. If you act at once you can se-# cure a beautiful lot for only 124.5 0 each, / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your / payments are completed the lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract showing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg. / V ^ So. Dearborn St. /$ * ' Chicago, 10. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records Now ready and on sale (Order by Number) No. i. Swing Low, Sweet Chariot.$1.50 Negro Spiritual, by Harry T. Burleigh. No. 2. Vesti La Giubba (Put on Your Smock) $2.00 Arioso from Pagliacci, Orchestral Accompaniment, Leoncavallo. No. 3. Twilight $1.00 By Katherine A. Glen. No. 7. By and By $1.50 By Harry T. Burleigh. AGENTS BOSTON, Mass., A. J. Jackson &amp; Co.. 130 Boylston St. BOSTON, Mass., Harold Whitham, 17S1 Washington St BOSTON. Mass.. Hicks, Laner &amp; Eaton, 79S Tre raont St. BOSTON. Mass., R. A. Dinsmore, 1221 Tremont St- CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Mrs. G. W. NoweU, S90 Main St. SPRINGFIELD. Mass., J. W. Adams. 150 Eastern Ave. WOBURN, Mass.. Edward Caldwell. 3SS Main St. DETROIT. Mich., Miss Grace L. May. 253 Woodland Ave. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Wm. G. Porter, 36S Margaret St. TUSKEGEE, Ala., Arthur Logan, Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Miss E. 0. Wyatt, 1319 Ave nue H. JACKSONVILLE, Fla., J. M. Eohinson. Jr.. 1924 East St BALTIMORE. Md.. W. H. Roberts. 235 X. Araitv St PORTLAND, Ore.. Mrs. E. D. Cannady, 401 Buchanan Bide. PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Mrs. Margaret Corbett. 1941 Bainbridge St. SAN FRANCISCO, Cat, Harry O. Johnson. Security Savings Bank. OAKLAND. Cal.. Mrs. A. M. Smith. 494 Moss Ave. CHARLESTON, S. C, E. B. Lawrence. 470 King St. NORFOLK. Va.. Miss B. C. Smith. 822 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH. Pa.. Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, S20 Ana heim St. WASHINGTON, D. C. Dr. C. Sumner Wormley. 997 Florida Ave. SPRINGFIELD. III.. Miss Alice E. Williams. Box 131. Chatham. 111. MADISONVILLE. Ky., I. A. Watson. 117 Main St. LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sirs. H. W. Jordan. S22 W. Wal nut St. LOUISVILLE. Ky., Columbia Phonograph Co. PROVIDENCE, R. I., Miss Fiorina M. Williams. 297 Thaver St. NEW YORK CITY, N. Y.. Dr. Harry C. Blue. 563 Lenox Ave. MONTCLAIR, N. J., James D. Williams. 7 Walnut PI. C0LLINGSW00D, N. J., Mr. R. M. Taylor, 501 Park Ave. WACO. Texas. Miss Lula Maves. 1127 N. 7th St. MERIDIAN. Miss.. L. L. Foster. 1207 26th St. INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. W. H. Roberts. 601 West St. WILMINGTON. Del., Mrs. Elizabeth D. Banton. 924 French St. Reliable and energetic Agents wanted in cities not here mentioned. Roland W. Hayes, Tenor. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Tour, Season 1918-1919. For terms, dates, etc. please WTite. Roland W. Hayes 3 Warwick Street BOSTON MASS. Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Patents secured on easy terms Writ * for particular!. JOS. H. STEWART, Attomey-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Waahington, D. C. ,i„ . „„ . /Central 104-W T &lt;M Telephone.j ain 6 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTOEHEY-AT-LAW NOTAEY PVBLIC 160 7 William aon Building Cleveland. Qhls General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COOMSEIXOE-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTOaMEY-AT-LAW Office!: Suite 802 Sykej Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis TaL UtTTin HUT CkU Address, Epbeo EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATtourr AMB COUIIISIXOA-AT-LAW 14 School Street Bosun, Mass Telephone Connection W . Aahbie Hawkins George W . P. McMccben HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTOEKEYE-AT-LAW 2 1 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. N. E. Cor. Sth and.Plum^Sts., •Cincinnati, Ohio AGENTS WANTED Men, women and high school students can coin money selling the most beautiful patriotic pictures ever made for colored people. "Colored Heroes" just published showing our colored soTHierc fn action in France. "Colored Man No Slacker" 16 x 20. Five beautiful colors. Over 200% profit. Every home wants them. Altio the memorial edition of the "Life and Works of Booker T. Washington." A Dollars worth of samples for 25£ postage. Huse Sales Co., Atlanta. Ga. Mrs. M. Watson Rudd, 154 West 131st St. New York City- has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NTJFEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. Mention TH E CRISIS. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Hazel. (Mary White Ovington) ......................... $1.00 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems. (Georgia Douglas Johnson) .......................................... 1.25 Norris Wright Cuney, (Maud Cuney Hare) ............. 1.50 The Life and Times of Booker T. Washington. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro. (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk. (W. E. B. DuBois) ................ 1.25 A Century of Negro Migration. (Carter G. Woodson) ____ 1.10 Race Adjustment. (Kelly Miller) ...................... 2.00 History of the Negro. (B. G. Brawley) .................. 1.25 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 1.50 Half a Man. (Mary White Ovington) .................... 1.00 Aftermath of Slavery. (William Sinclair) ............. 1.50 My Life and Work. (Bishop Alexander Walters) ........ 1.50 Fifty Years and Other Poems. (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.25 John Brown. (W. E. B. Du Bois) ....................... 1.25 Negro in American History. (J. W. Cromwell) .......... 1.25 Prince Hall and His Followers. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Haitian Revolution. (T. G. Steward) .............. 1.25 Negro Culture in West Africa. (George W. Ellis) ....... 2.00 The Negro. (W. E. B. Du Bois) .........................60 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) ......................................... 2.00 Facts of Reconstruction. (John R. Lynch) .............. 1.50 Life and Letters of Coleridge-Taylor. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) ........................................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar....................... 2.00 Afro-American Folksongs. (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage. (Kelly Miller) ............ 1.50 Booker T. Washington. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) .................................... 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York When Our Soldier Boys "Come Marching Home" How Must the Girls Greet Them? "THE KASHMIR WAY" With smooth, clear skin and soft, pretty hair. Our guarantee: Your money back if you are not 'pleased. Agents wanted. KASHMIR SKIN PREPARATION Marvelous—it does the work. KASHMIR HAIR BEAUTIFIER 50c EACH 8c POSTAGE Free! Free! The Kashmir Beauty Book tells you how to be beautiful. KASHMIR CHEMICAL COMPANY Dept. K, 312 South Clark St. CHICAGO, ILL.