The Crisis The CRISIS Tenth Education Number JULY, 1921 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY Add this new book of inspiration to your library. UNSUNG HEROES by ELIZABETH ROSS HAYNES The lives of seventeen men and women of the Negro race told in a way to inspire the children of our time. Frederick Douglass Coleridge-Taylor Crispus Attucks Paul Laurence Dunbar Benjamin Banneker Alexander Dumas BookerHarriet T. Washington  Tubman Phillis Wheatley Toussaint L'Overture Paul Cuffe Alexander Crummell Alexander Pushkin Blanche K . Bruce Josiah Henson Sojourner Truth John M . Langston Dedicated to Fisk University—Illustrated—Price $2.50 Address the Author, ELIZABETH ROSS HAYNES, 1761 T St., N.W. Washington,D.C. or DU BOIS and DILL, Publishers, 2 West 13th St., New York, N. Y. STUDENTS W e would like to secure the services of students during the summer vacation to act as agents - taking subscriptions and selling single copies of The CRISIS and The Brownies' Book Liberal commission is offered Address: A. G. DILL 70 FIFTH WE., NEW YORK, N. Y. Parents Teachers Preachers Social Workers Are you looking for a suitable Present for a Child or a suitable Prize in a Children's Contest? Then make it a year's subscription to The Brownies' Book A monthly magazine for children which attempts to bring to them: 1.	 The best in pictures and stories of Negro life. 2.	 The life and deeds of famous men and women of the Negro race. The current events of the world told in beautiful language which children can understand. 15 Cents per copy $1.50 per year Agents Wanted Subscribers Wanted Sample copies sent on request. DuBois and Dill, Publishers 2 West 13th Street, New York, N. Y. TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOI8; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 22-No. 3 JULY, 1921 Whole No. 129 PICTURES Page COVER. Sadie Tanner Mossell, Ph.D., University of Pennsylvania PICTURES OF SIXTY-EIGHT COLLEGE GRADUATES. THE DEVASTATED AREA AT TULSA 115 CHARLES S. GILPIN, Seventh Spingarn Medalist 123 NEGROES AT "BIRTH OF A NATION" HEARING 129 E. GOURDIN IN THE 100 YARD DASH 129 ARTICLES THE HIGHER TRAINING OF NEGROES. Illustrated 105 THE SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS. Illustrated 119 AN OLD EX-SLAVE. A Poem. Charles Bertram Johnson 120 A COURSE IN COMMON SENSE. Professor Edwin L. Clarke 121 AUNT SUE'S STORY. A Poem. Langston Hughes 121 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 101 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 113 THE LOOKING GLASS 122 THE HORIZON 129 THE AUGUST CRISIS The August CRISIS will be our annual Vacation Issue. An early number of The CRISIS will carry an article on Gandhi, by Max Yergan. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS ; The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the port office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 8, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored YoungMen and Women for Service Though It ii young in history, the Institution fecit a juit pride in the work thai far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship, DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teachtr Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arta and Sciencea The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, addreaa President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH Pioneer in Collegiate and BORDENTOWN, N. J. Theological Education A high Institution for ths training ot colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various students. Courses In carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, professions in Forty States. including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestio art for The College is ranked in Class I. by the girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. American Medical Association. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modornly equipped. Address: Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 15, 1921. John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, For information address Chester County, Fenna. W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Cheyney Training School For LINCOLN INSTITUTE Teachers Jefferson City, Missouri Cheyney, Pa. Offers the following courses: Made in 1920 an accredited State Normal School, offering, in addition to the regular Normal Course of High School Business two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of Normal Manual Arts these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in College Music tiie public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have comAgriculture Pre-Medical pleted the eighth grammar grade. Home Economics Send application now for fall term opening September 20tk, 1921. For detailed information address For further particulars and catalog, write CLEMENT RICHARDSON, President LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal, Cheyney, Pa. Fall Term begins Sept. 12, 1921 THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR 1921 Mention TH E CIISIS. S CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Spscial emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts o'. the South. Graduates have a fine record iov successful work. For furtner information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ca . ginui DUIII uniiLi iLuiLLllllllJ i&lt;LL&gt;] 11iiinii ninniii IUI isi 1111;in i jiiiiviiiiLu: mini u i ILU in llriiu i LIIIII in in KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritua Environment, Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following1 departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science. Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam h«at, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY tilFFEN Knoxviue, Ten a. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA. GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty— Religious aimosphere— Athletics—Co-educational. Adm' &gt;sion only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior :flgh School—7th and 8th Grades and lit and 2nd Years' High School Courses, with Certilcate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior Colle** Course, with degree or A.B . Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 53rd year of nine months opens September 21. 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board, room and laundry7. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President Zf)t Jfloriba Agricultural anb ifflrcfjantcal College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, LouisviUe, Ky. Founded 1879. The onlv Institution In the State having for Its object OoUacUU. SlntotaSS. M«uc.l, and Legal tralnln, tor Col »&amp;**S&amp; E"SS^», Social Sar-lc,. Nunln , and Normal? CoSmarelal. Music. Domaatto Bctanc. Mlaalonar, gj^ggj ^uiei. conesKmdme. eosm. Danats oBared. t'resldant C . H . Parrlah ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent yean for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A , athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Blddle CniTerslty, operated ander the suplcei »f tho Northern Pr-ibyterian Church, has four Depart-menu—Hlgr Scnool, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School eourse la the requirement for entrance U the flrit YO U of toe High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offer* two souses of study, the Classical and the Scientific, i n the scientific. German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class la 16 units of High Schooi work. The Theological Department offers two eoursee, each consisting of three years. The first la purely smgllan. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are reqalrod to take trades In the Industrial Dept. Far further information, as*draw President H. L. MsCrtrty, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Nor. mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information addTee* JOHN H . LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustae Board MeatJos T n Cunt THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919 1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President "JUST THE PLACE Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, So cial Service, Theological, Musical. Business Administration. Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Man hood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital aSend for MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin DARKWATER W.E.B.DU BOIS The Twentieth Century Completion of "Uncle Tons Cabin" Dr. DuBois' new book is the sensation of the day; selling like "wild fire." It contains a good picture of Dr. DuBois. Price only $2.00, Order today. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED; send 50 cts. for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS Catalog Free 523 9th St. N. W., Washington, D. C. specia lty. Terms reasonable.  Catalog. --Principal. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B, H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S An Episcopal boarding sckool direction of the sisters of St. SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138Philadelphia, Fa. ST. PAUL'S SCHOOL for girls, under the  Mary. Address: TH E  Germantown Avenue, HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS High Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia, Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 22. No. 3 JULY, 1921 Whole No. 129 Opinion ofW.E.B. Du Bois AMITY A CONVENTION of colored and white people took place in Washington, D. C , in May, which deserves thought. The programs carried these words: "Half a century ago in America slavery was abolished. "Now there has arisen need for another great effort. "Correction of the present wrong requires no army, for the field of action is the hearts of our citizens. The instrument to be used is kindness; the ammunition, understanding of all by all. The actor in this engagement for right is every inhabitant of these United States. "The great work we have to do and for which this convention is called is the estab lishment of amity between the white and colored people of our land. "When we have put our own house in order, then we may be trusted to carry the message of universal peace to all mankind." There were white and colored people present and their speeches were not all "problem" but carried poetry and music. Some folks seem to think that because TH E CRISIS and the N. A. A. C. P. preach continually the gospel of fighting for your rights and standing up against oppression we mean by this that the Negro is to gain his place in the world by blood and conquest. God forbid! If the rights of the darker races can only be bought by brute force, then we face the saddest future that ever the world looked upon. But what we and what all thinking men mean by self-assertion and fighting is that when human beings insistently and even obtrusively succeed in putting their case before the world, they gain so great a multitude of allies that their cause is bound to succeed. The only difficulty is that such persons are so easily persuaded not to cry out, not to complain, not to disturb the world. Complaint, agitation, insistence day in and day out upon the wrong of evil, is a civilized and justifiable program; but after all its greatest effect must be upon the hearts and thoughts of men, and if in meetings of amity and friendship white and colored people in this land can sit together and talk frankly, the Negro problem is solved. MR. HARDING MR. HARDING'S program as to the Negro is not pro gressing. Nothing ha s been dime as to the Race Commission; the progress on the anti-lynching bill is slow; and the apparent consideration of Mr. Taft's name for the Supreme Court is almost disastrous. Mr. Taft is not an enemy of the Negro race, he is worse than that; he is a luke-warm friend whom enemies of the race have used and will use to its hurt. Worse than this, for some inexplicable reason Mr. Harding was persuaded to nominate Frank A. Linney as District Attorney for the western district of North Carolina. Mr. Linney is a "Lily White". In 1916 as a candidate for Governor, Mr. Linney publicly announced that he favored rural segregation of Negro land ownership. During the last 101 THE CRISIS campaign, in a letter to North Carolina Democrats which was made public, Mr. Linney not only declared himself in favor of disfranchising the Negro and eliminating him absolutely from politics, but offered to form a coalition with the Democratic Party for that purpose. In his letter he said : "If the Democratic organization will meet us half way, we are in a fair position, by agreement between us, to eliminate any possibility of the Negro question in this or any subsequent campaign." He further said: "I pledge to the women of North Carolina that if we carry the state in this election, you will have a strictly white government." We are astonished to find Mr. Harding sending this nomination to the Senate. Immediate protest was made from the colored people of North Carolina and from the N . A. A. C. P. throughout the United States. At present it looks as though Mr. Linney would not be appointed. Mr. Harding so far has practically made no appointments of Negroes to office of any consequence except that of Lieutenant Flipper, which was, we understand, the personal appointment of Senator Fall. The appointment given Mr. Perry Howard was one that we wish Mr. Howard had been able to refuse, as it is too unimportant and inadequate to be at all representative. THE LIBELOUS FILM LAST month "The Birth of a Nation" with its cruel and indefensible libel of the Negro and glorification of the mob in the Ku Klux Klan was revived in several eastern cities. In Boston it was suppressed; in New York the N . A. A. C. P. planned a public protest. We secured former service men and women Y. M. C. A. secretaries who had served abroad, to march before the Capitol Theatre and distribute bills and carry placards. They were arrested. The first judge was vociferous and wanted to charge them with inciting riot. The second judge was calmer and offered to let them go if they would promise not to do it again. This they refused to do and were released on suspended sentence. They appealed the case. The names of these public servants are: Mrs. Helen Curtis, Mrs. Laura Jean Rollock, Miss Katharine Johnson, Edward F. Frazier and Llewelyn Rollock. THE NEGRO AND RADICAL THOUGHT MR. CLAUDE McKAY, one of the editors of The Liber ator and a Negro poet of distinction, writes us as follows "I am surprised and sorry that in your editorial, 'The Drive', published in T HE CRISIS for May, you should leap out of your sphere to sneer at the Russian Revolution, the greatest event in the history of humanity; much greater than the French Revolution, which is held up as a wonderful achievement to Negro children and students in white and black schools. For American Negroes the indisputable and outstanding fact of the Russian Revolution is that a mere handful of Jews, much less in ratio to the number of Negroes in the American population, have attained, through the Revolution, all the political and social rights that were denied to them under the regime of the Czar. "Although no thinking Negro can deny the great work that the N. A. A. C. P. is doing, it must yet be admitted that from its platform and personnel the Association cannot function as a revolutionary working class organization. And the overwhelming majority of Americ a Negroes belong by birth, condition and repression to the working class. Your aim is to get for the American Negro the political and social rights that are his by virtue of the Constitution, the rights which are denied him by the Southern oligarchy with the active cooperation of the state governments and the tacit support of northern business interests. And your 'aim is a noble one, which deserves the support of all progressive Negroes. "But the Negro in politics and social life is ostracized only technically by the distinction of color; in- reality the Negro is discriminated against because he is of the lowest type of worker. . . . "Obviously, this economic difference between the white and black workers manifests itself in various forms, in color prejudice, race hatred, political 'and social boycotting and lynching if Negroes. And all OPINION 103 the entrenched institutions of white America,—law courts, churches, schools, the fighting forces and the Press,—condone these iniquities perpetrated upon black men; iniquities that are dismissed indifferently as the inevitable result of the social system. Still, whenever it suits the business interests controlling these institutions to mitigate the persecutions against Negroes, they do so with impunity. When organized white workers quit their jobs, Negroes, who are discouraged by the whites to organize, are sought to take their places. And these strike-breaking Negroes work under the protection of the military and the police. But as ordinary citizens and workers, Negroes are not protected by the military and the police from the mob. The ruling classes will not grant Negroes those rights which, on a lesser scale and more plausibly, are withheld from the white proletariat. The concession of these rights would immediately cause a Revolution in the economic life of this country." We are aware that some of our friends have been disappointed with TH E CRISIS during and since the war. Some have assumed that we aimed chiefly at mounting the band wagon with our cause during the madness of war; others thought that we were playing safe so as to avoid the Department of Justice; and still a third class found us curiously stupid in our attitude toward the broader matters of human reform. Such critics, and Mr. McKay is among them, must give us credit for standing to our guns in the past at no little cost in many influential quarters, and they must also remember that we have one chief cause,—the emancipation of the Negro, and to this all else must be sub ordinated—not because other questions are not important but because to our mind the most important social question today is recognition of the darker races. Turning now to that marvelous set of phenomena known as the Russian Revolution, Mr. McKay is wrong in thinking that we have ever intentionally sneered at it. On the contrary, time may prove, as he believes, that the Russian Revolution is the greatest event of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, and its leaders the most unselfish prophets. At the same time TH E CRISIS does not know this to be true. Russia is incredibly vast, and the happenings there in the last five years have been intricate to a degree that must make any student pause. We sit, therefore, with waiting hands and listening ears, seeing some splendid results from Russia, like the cartoons for public education recently exhibited in America, and hearing of other things which frighten us. We are moved neither by the superficial omniscience of Wells nor the reports in the New York Times; but this alone we do know: that the immediate work for the American Negro lies in America and not in Russia, and this, too, in spite of the fact that the Third Internationale has made a pronouncement which cannot but have our entire sympathy: "The Communist Internationale once forever breaks with the traditions of the Second Internationale which in reality only recognized the white race. The Communist Internationale makes it its task to emancipate the workers of the entire world. The ranks of the Communist Internationale fraternally unite men of all colors: white, yellow and black—the toilers of the entire world." Despite this there come to us black men two insistent questions: What is today the right program of socialism? The editor of TH E CRISIS considers himself a Socialist but he does not believe that German State Socialism or the dictatorship of the proletariat are perfect panaceas. He believes with most thinking men that the present method of creating, controlling and distributing wealth is desperately wrong; that there must come and is coming a social control of wealth; but he does not know just what form that control is going to take, and he is not prepared to dogmatize with Marx or Lenin. Further than that, and more fundamental to the duty and outlook of TH E CRISIS, is this question: How far can the colored people of the world, and particularly the Negroes of the United States, trust the working classes? 104 THE Many honest thinking Negroes assume, and Mr. McKay seems to be one of these, that we have only to embrace the working class program to have the working class embrace ours; that we have only to join trade Unionism and Socialism or even Communism, as they are today expounded, to have Union Labor and Socialists and Communists believe and act on the equality of mankind and the abolition of the color line. TH E CRISIS wishes that this were true, but it is forced to the conclusion that it is not. The American Federation of Labor, as representing the trade unions in America, has been grossly unfair and discriminatory toward Negroes and still is. American Socialism has discriminated against black folk and before the war was prepared to go further with this discrimination. European Socialism has openly discriminated against Asiatics. Nor is this surprising. Why should we assume on the part of unlettered and suppressed masses of white workers, a clearness of thought, a sense of human brotherhood, that is sadly lacking in the most educated classes? Our task, therefore, as it seems to TH E CRISIS, is clear: We have to convince the working classes of the world that black men, brown men, and yellow men are human beings and suffer the same discrimination that white workers suffer. We have in addition to this to espouse the cause of the white workers, only being careful that we do not in this way allow them to jeopardize our cause. We must, for instance, have bread. If our white fellow workers drive us out of decent jobs, we are compelled to accept indecent wages even at the price of "scabbing". It is a hard choice, but whose is the blame? Finally despite public prejudice and clamour, we should examine with open mind in literature, debate and in real life the great programs of social reform that CRISIS are day by day being put forward. This was the true thought and meaning back of our May editorial. We have an immediate program for Negro emancipation laid down and thought out by the N. A. A. C. P. It is foolish for us to give up this practical program for mirage in Africa or by seeking to join a revolution which we do not at present understand. On the other hand, as Mr. McKay says, it would be just as foolish for us to sneer or even seem to sneer at the blood-entwined writhing of hundreds of millions of our whiter human brothers. NEGRO ART WANT to say "Amen" to your editorial on "Negro Art". There is, indeed, "a vast wealth of human material" that lies at the hands of the Negro artist. The material is enormous, but no Negro dares use it. The colored man to-day is self-conscious, afraid even of the clean humor of the old-time musical comedy of Williams and Walker, Cole and Johnson, Ernest Hogan. Instead he stands back and lets Roy Cohen depict second-rate buffoons. Imagine Dickens going about England so fearful of offending his public that he never dared draw Pecksniff or Squeers, Wegg or Sarey Gamp or Mi cawber! What would his novels have been like if the characters had been restricted to the perfectly proper Nicholas Nicklebys and Agnes Wick-fields ! And yet that is what the colored public asks of the writer who depicts Negro life to-day. Wherever in this country there is a large group of Negroes there is a wealth of character, of pathos, humor, roguery, affection, heroism, that is as great as Dickens found in London. It is there, for the genius to depict it. May he come soon, and when he does come may he be guided only by his love of truth. And that will mean that he will have a sense of humor and will show life as it really is. MARY WHITE OVINGTON. THE HIGHER TRAINING OF NEGROES ffiffi » m i	 ^ THE following table gives an estimate of the number of American Negroes who have been graduated from college: 1820—1829 3 1830—1849 7 1850—1859 12 1860—1869 44 1870—1879 313 1880 1889 738 1890— 1899 1,120 1900—1909 1.613 1910—1919 2,861 During the years in which TH E CRISIS has kept special record there have been the following graduates: 1914 250 1915 281 1916 338 1917 455 1918 384 1919 373 1920 364 A nearly complete list of graduates shows for 1921, 85 colored Bachelors of Arts and Sciences in northern white institutions, 11 Masters of Arts and 3 Doctors in Philosophy. From Negro institutions there were graduated 376 bachelors, making in all 4(&gt;1 bachelors and 14 recipients of higher degrees. EVA B WHITE NORTHERN INSTITUTIONS Northern institutions have graduated col ored students this year as follows: Harvard University.—Edwin B. Jourdain, Jr., Massachusetts, A. B. "With distinction in history." Edward O. Gourdin, A. B. "Noted athlete." William L. Hansberry "received the degree of B. S. at the mid year for honorable service in the field." Awarded a fellowship in anthropology for next year. Benjamin T. Johnson, M. B. A. (Master of Business Administration). Nor ris B. Herndon, M. B. A. DYKES, PH.D., RADCLIFEE COLLEGE Radcliffe College.—Miss Louise H. Cook, A.	 B. Miss Eva B. Dykes, Ph. D. Columbia University.—Joseph Coleman, A. M. Miss Annie Laurie McCary, A. M. Miss May Edward Chinn, B. S. Smith College, Massachusetts.—Miss Eunice R. Hunton, New York, A. B. and A. M. "She has been an excellent student throughout her course." University of Illinois.—Vergil A . Gant, Illinois, A. B. Gordon B. Fletcher, Indiana, A. B. Wendell P. Nelson, Illinois, B. S. Herbert S. Davis, Illinois, A. B. (end of summer session). 105 THE Clark University, Massachusetts.—Miss Isador Williams, A . M . University of Wisconsin.—David Thornton, A. B. Northwestern University, Illinois.— George W. Lipscomb, A. B. V. D. Johnston, A. M. University of Kansas.—Miss Ida E. L. Anderson, A. B. Miss Eppinetta V. Terrell, A. B. Matthew E. Carroll, A. B. Shirley G. Hamilton, A. B. Vernon A. Wilkerson, A. B. Percy Young, A. B. Miss Leah E. Crump, teacher's certificate in Public School Music. University of Pennsylvania.—Miss Sadie Tanner Mossell, Ph. D. Arthur H . Fauset, A.	 B. Miss Pauline A. Young, B. S. Ohio State University.—Miss Catherine E.	 Thompson, B. S. Indiana University.—Homer L. Wales, B. S.	 W. Owen Allen, B. S. I. W. St. Clair, A. M. University of Chicago.—Miss Georgiana Simpson, Ph. D., cum laudc. T. R. Davis, A. M. James V. Allen, B. S. James A. Berry, B. S. Miss C. Vivian Carter, Ph. B. Miss Ruth Harris, Ph. B. Clifton S. Hardy, Ph. B. Miss Martha L. Lewis, Ph. B. Miss Mary E. Link, Ph. B. Miss Lucile B. Robinson, Ph. B. Gordon H. Simpson, Ph. B. Henry 0. Slaughter, Ph. B. David Little, Ph. B. Harper C. Trenholm, Ph. B. Miss Mamie B. West, Ph. B. Amherst College, Massachusetts. — R. Percy Barnes, A. B. He was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa in his junior year. Williams College, Massachusetts.—Henry A. Brown, District of Columbia, A. B. Dartmouth College, New Hampshire.—M. Grant Lucas, Jr., District of Columbia, A. B. Theodore M. Seldon, Virginia, A. B. He "stands exceptionally high in his class and is doing unusually good work in chemistry." John H. Shelburne, Massachusetts, A. B. He "is rated as one of the most able athletes of the college." Oberlin College, Ohio.—Miss Mavis W. Mitchell, A . B. (at end of summer session). Miss Helen A. Scroggins, A. B. Miss Dorothy Marie Tuck, A. B. Miss Tuck has done some additional work beyond the requirements for graduation. Miss Mitchell will receive a diploma from the Teachers' Training Course in Physical Education. Colby College, Maine.—Edward C. Niles, Massachusetts, A. B. He "has been quite CRISIS prominent in athletics during his college course and is a member of the football team and track team; he is a two-letter man." Brown University, Rhode Island.—Russell A. Lane, A. B. Jay M. Williams A. B. Maynard J. Wartman, A. B. A. Theophilus Peters, A. B. Bates College. Maine.—Hubert Allenby, A. B. Roscoe McKinney, B. S. Lewis Moore, B. S. Massachusetts Institute of Technology.— Emmett J. Scott, Jr., District of Columbia, B. S., in Civil Engineering. "Fairly gooJ record throughout his course." Lee J. Purnell, California, B. S., in Electrical Engineering. "With a good record." Carnegie Institute of Technology, Pittsburg.—Miss Esther Monroe, B. S. New York University.—Clarence B. Cur-ley, New York, M. B. A. Syracuse University.—J. Schiller Nicholas, A. B. Hunter College, New York.—Miss Leathe Colvert, A. B. Miss Lillian Dobson, A. B. Miss Louise Jackson, A. B. (September, 1921). College of the City of New York.—Thomas A. Garratt-Phayme, A. B. Neville C. White-man, B. S. Edward M. Swift, B. S. Mr. Swift won the Roeme'r Prize for declamation in 1918 and in 1921 he won the Board of Trustees prize for the best original oration. His subject was "The Solution of the Negro Problem" and he advocated the return of his race to Africa. "His gestures were somewhat awkward but his evident command of his subject won him first prize." University of Washington.—Miss Mable Byrd, A. B. John K. Crump, B. Ed. George Hines, M. B. A. Ohio Wesleyan University.—Bertram W. Doyle, Texas, A. B. "Mr. Doyle has an exceedingly brilliant record as a student and in recognition of his attainments he was elected to membership in Phi Beta Kappa at the spring election this season. He is expecting to secure a fellowship for further study." Theodore H . Dotson, Texas, A . B. "Of average general scholarship." Pennsylvania State College.—George D. Brooks, A. B. German P. Nater, Mechanical Engineering. Louis A . Potter, Chemical Agriculture. Ohio University.—Mrs. Cora M . Wade graduates from a two-year course in Ele mentary Education. Tufts College, Massachusetts.—Benjamin Dorothy M. Tuck, Neville C. 'Whiteman, Russell A. Lane, Ida M. Rhodes, A.B., Oberlin College U.S., C. C. of New Y d A.B., U. of Cincinnati Lee J. Pumell. R. Percy Barnes. Roscoe L. McKinney, A.B., Brown University McGlenard Williamson, B.S., Bates College B.S., Mass. Inst, of Tech. A. B., Amherst College Lewis T. Moore, B.S., Michigan Agricultural Esther Monroe, U.S.. Bates College Emmer Lancaster, Sarah B. Harris, B.S., Carnegie Institute A. B., University of Akron B. S., U . of Cincinnati Helen M. Scrog-glns, Pauline A. Young\ Gordon B. Fletcher, Henry A. Brown, A.B., Oberlin College A.B., University of Illinois A.B., Williams College B. S., University of Penn. 107 THE CRISIS Snyder, Massachusetts, B. S. in Chemistry. University of Cincinnati.—Miss Sarah Harris, B. S. Miss Frances Leslie, A. B. Miss Maud B. Ragan, B. S. Miss Ida M. Rhodes, A. B. Kansas State Agricultural College—Miss Ruth Ridley, Kansas, B. S. Boston University.—Albert A. Kildare, B. S. Tabor College, Iowa.—Miss Croly n Kealing, A. B. For the past two years her work has been "A " quality, which weans above 90 per cent. Her father graduated from Tabor in 1881. Union College, Nebraska. — Rothacker Smith, A. B. Agricultural College of Utah.—Miss Mignon Barker, Utah, graduate in Home Economics. Municipal University, Akron, Ohio.—Emmer Lancaster, A. B. "Honors in debating. He has represented the college very creditably several times in intercollegiate debates." Monrovian College, Pennsylvania.—Headley T. Wilson, A. B. Michigan Agricultural College.—McGlenard Williamson, B. S. Class reporter for the senior year. Kalamazoo College, Michigan.—Wilbur J. Bolden, A. B. Rhode Island State College.—Miss Rose A. Butler, B. Ed. Wittenberg College, Ohio—F. Douglas Speaks, A. B. These institutions also graduated 10 doctors of medicine, 3 dentists, 6 pharmacists, 6 lawyers, 2 ministers and 3 veterinary surgeons. THE LEADING COLORED INSTITUTIONS There are in the United States, according to the best available lists, 226 Negro institutions of learning; Alabama 24 Arkansas 13 District of Columbia 2 Florida 8 Georgia 26 Kentucky 8 Louisiana 9 Mississippi 14 New Jersey 1 North Carolina 34 Ohio 1 Oklahoma 4 Pennsylvania 2 South Carolina 24 Tennessee 13 Texas 14 Virginia 26 West Virginia 3 226 These schools are divided as follows: Having Name Universities 18 Colleges 68 Institutes 64 " " Academies 21 *' Seminaries 5 Schools 50 226 They are carried on by the following church and other organizations: Methodist Episcopal 16 Methodist Episcopal, South 1 African Methodist Episcopal . 16 African Methodist Episcopal Zion 7 Colored Methodist Episcopal 4 Presbyterian 30 South Presbyterian 1 United Presbyterian 4 Baptist 56 Congregational 23 Episcopal 6 Friends 5 Universalist 1 Lutheran 1 Christian 4 Adventist 1 State 21 Independent 2 6 Medical 1 Catholic 1 United States 1 226 These institutions have graduated 376 Bachelors of Arts, 80 Doctors of Medicine, 73 dentists, 27 pharmacists, 25 lawyers and 45 ministers. The reports in detail follow: Howard University: Bachelors of Arts, 72; Doctors of Medicine, 39; Doctors of Dentistry, 8; Pharmacists, 7; Bachelors of Law, 25; Bachelors of Divinity, 3. During the year Howard University received from the government, $210,000 for a building to house the dining halls and the School for Home Economics. Fisk University (Tennessee) : 40 Bachelors of Arts, 4 graduates in home economics and 1 in music. The institution has been promised $500,000 from the General Education Board on condition that it raise $500,000 more. Miss O. R. Shields, C. W. Ransom and C. W. White, graduate magna cum laude; 4 others graduate cum laude. Lincoln University, (Pennsylvania) : 23 Bachelors of Arts. A n endowment fund of $25,000 is being raised but business depression makes the progress slow. The alumni association has erected a memorial arch to Lincoln soldiers in the World War. It was dedicated at Commencement. Biddle University: 23 Bachelors of Arts and Sciences, 25 high school graduates, 6 graduates in theology. Wilberforce University: 22 Bachelors of Arts, 35 high school graduates, 7 theologi cal graduates. In the college James E . Coleman graduates magna cum laude and I. W . St. Clair, A.M. , Indiana University George D. Brooks, A.B., Pennsylvania State George D. Lipscomb, A.B., Northwestern Leathe Colvert, A.B., Hunter College Louise H. Jackson, Edward M. Swift, A.B., Hunter College B.S., C. C, of New York Albert A. Kildare, T, R. Davis, A.B., Boston University A. M., U. of Chicago Germain P. Nater, Maude Ragan, M.E., Pennsylvania State B. S., U . of Cincinnati T. A. G. Phayme, Louise H. Cook. A.B., C. C. of New York A.B., Radcliffe College 109 Arthur H . Fauset, A.B., University of Penn. A. Theophilus Peters, A.B., Brown University Joseph T. B. Coleman, A.M. , Columbia University Clifton S. Hardy, Ph.B., U. of Chicago THE 110 Russell W. Smith, cum laude. Talladega College (Alabama) : 15 Bachelors of Arts, 20 high school graduates. Morehouse College (Georgia): 18 Bachelors of Arts, 26 high school graduates and 15 divinity graduates. Virginia Union University: 13 Bachelors of Arts, 10 graduates in theology, 27 high school graduates. The college has received $10,000 from the General Education Board this year. Atlanta University (Georgia) : 12 Bachelors of Arts, 22 normal graduates, 40 high school graduates. The institution by means of a legacy has paid nearly all of its debt. Knoxville College (Tennessee) : 11 Bachelors of Arts, 10 high school graduates, 12 normal graduates, 1 graduate in music and 1 graduate in dressmaking. The General Education Board has promised the college $125,000 on condition that $500,000 be raised. Meharry Medical College (Tennessee) : 41 Doctors of Medicine, 35 dentists, 20 pharmacists, 6 nurses. The institution is appealing for subscriptions and bequests to increase the endowment. Shaw University (North Carolina) : 13 Bachelors of Arts, 66 high school graduates, 3 theology graduates. The school received $10,000 from the General Education Board on condition that the colored people raise $5,000. This they did. The same board also gave $11,000 for repairs. A missionary training school has been established. Philander Smith College (Arkansas) : 9 Bachelors of Arts, 23 high school graduates, 5 normal graduates. Shorter College (Arkansas) : 6 Bachelors of Arts, 20 graduates of the School of Education, 8 high school graduates, 2 industrial graduates. The college has received $16,600 in gifts this year, of which $5,000 Was from the General Education Board, $600 from the Slater Fund and $5,000 from the white citizens of Little Rock. The institution has purchased 480 acres of land and is establishing an Agricultural and Mechanical College as a branch of the main school. The school expects to receive an endowment from the drive of the A. M. E. Church. Benedict College (South Carolina) : 7 Bachelors of Arts, 35 high school graduates. Florida A. and M. College: 6 Bachelors CRISIS Eunice R. Hunton, Anna Cooper, A.B., A.M., Smith A.B., Cum laude, Howard of Science, 19 high school graduates, 12 normal graduates. Morgan College (Baltimore) : 6 Bachelors of Arts, 13 high school graduates, 13 normal and industrial graduates. West Virginia Collegiate Institute: one Bachelor of Arts, 29 high school graduates, 79 normal graduates (two years' work above the high school). The Legislature has appropriated for the school during the next two years $455,282.46. The new college department is being organized for thorough work in liberal education with stress upon work in teacher training, business and pre-medical courses. Prairie View (Texas) : 5 Bachelors of Science. Samuel Houston College (Texas) : 5 Bachelors of Arts. The Negro A. and T. College (North Carolina) : 5 Bachelors of Arts, 14 graduates from the Trade School. The Legislature appropriated $115,000 for permanent improvements and $30,000 for the annual maintenance of the school. Spellman Seminary (Georgia): 2 Bachelors of Arts, 39 high school graduates, 13 teachers' professional graduates, 6 nurses, 4 graduates in home economics. The graduates from the teachers, professional and home economics departments have had at least two years' work above the high school. Paine College (Georgia) : 4 Bachelors of Arts, 27 high school graduates, 1 theological graduate. Friendship College (Rock Hill, S. C.) : 6 Bachelors of Arts, 60 junior high school graduates. A building is being constructed which will cost $150,000. It will contain a chapel, gymnasium, offices and class rooms. Morris College (South Carolina) : 4 Bachelors of Arts, 11 high school graduates, 27 normal graduates, 12 industrial graduates. A $30,000 chapel has been erected. Ezelle H . Hancox, A.B., Texas College Iradelle L. Bond, A.B., Morgan College Charles W. White, A.B., Fisk University Earl Dyer, A.B., B.D., Paine C. W . Ransom, A.B., Fisk University Magna Cum Laude Peter Shy, A.B., Paine GraduatesThomasA.B., of Straight  Jefferson,  Paine Magna Cum Laude J. A, Gabriel, B.S., Paine Otelia Shields, A.B., Fisk University Magna Cum Laude 111 THE CRISIS The white Women's Convention of South Carolina gives $500 a year to the domestic science department. State A. and M. College (Orangeburg, S. C.) : 3 Bachelors of Arts, 36 high school graduates, 4 commercial graduates, 3 industrial graduates. The school has received $40,000 for its maintenance during the year. National Training School (North Carolina) one Bachelor of Arts, 14 high school graduates, 1 theology graduate, 12 commercial, 2 industrial graduates. A n accredited teachers' training course has been started. Tillotson College (Texas) : 2 Bachelors of Arts, 17 high school graduates, 9 commercial graduates and 2 graduates in music. Hartshorn Memorial College (Virginia) : one Bachelor of Arts, 14 high school graduates. The General Education Board has given the school $5,000. Texas College: one Bachelor of Arts, 1 high school graduate, 14 normal graduates. Fifty thousand dollars has been given the institution by the Methodist Church South. Lane College (Tennessee) : 3 Bachelors of Arts, 14 high school graduates, 19 graduates of the teachers' course. During the year Lane College has built Cleaves Industrial Hall at a cost of $70,000. Paul Quinn College (Texas) : 1 Bachelor of Arts, 1 Bachelor of Science, 3 high school graduates, 8 commercial graduates and 2 graduates in sewing. The school is erecting a girls' dormitory to cost $150,000 and to be opened in September. New Orleans College: 1 Bachelor of Arts, 43 high school graduates. Virginia T. S. and College, (Lynchburg) : 3 Bachelors of Arts, 25 high school and nor mal graduates, 1 theological graduate. The college is erecting a $13,000 administration building. Claflin College (South Carolina) : 1 Bach elor of Arts, 17 preparatory graduates, 20 normal graduates, 7 commercial graduates, 7 manual training graduates. Bishop College (Texas) : 12 Bachelors of Arts and Science, 3 Bachelors of Theology. Wiley University (Texas) : 12 Bachelors of Arts and Science, 146 preparatory graduates, 116 normal graduates. The 25th anniversary of the presidency of M . W. Dogan was celebrated at commencement and $1,000 was given him to defray expenses to the Ecumenical Conference at London, England. Straight College (Alabama) : 3 Bachelors of Arts and Science, 25 high school graduates, 8 graduates in music, 1 graduate from the Teachers' Training course. A commodious home for teachers has been added to the campus. A dormitory for college men has been rented. Student government has been introduced with excellent results. These institutions have nearly all been hard pressed for funds and the teachers especially have suffered from low salaries. Some schools, like the Alabama N . and I., at Huntsville, have been reorganized. Hampton appears for the first time with a college department giving courses in Agriculture, without degree. HIGH SCHOOLS Colored institutions mentioned above reported 825 high school and normal graduates. In most cases the normal graduates do one or two years' work in addition to the regular high school course. A few schools did not report the number of their high school graduates. A partial survey of white northern high schools shows 244 colored graduates. Colored public high schools in the southern and border cities report 1,107 graduates, of whom 255 are reported as going to college and others undoubtedly will go. These schools have 474 of their graduates in college. The largest colored high schools are the Dunbar, D. C , (175 graduates), Hampton Institute with 83 graduates. Many of these high schools report improvements. The school authorities are erecting new buildings at Columbus, Ga., and Paducah, Ky. (at a cost of $90,000 with a playground and athletic field), at Mayfield, Ky. (at a cost of $21,000). New buildings have already been erected at Petersburg, Va., where $140,000 has been put into new school buildings, and at Newport News, Va. At Lynchburg, Va., a new four years' course has been planned and a new building will be erected. Annapolis, Md., and Petersburg, Va., will have new four year courses. New buildings have been erected by private schools at the Virginia N. and I. Institute, the Henderson formal Institute, the Laurinburg N . and I. Institute, N . C , and the St. Paul N . and I. School, Va. Details of high schools and pictures of high school graduates will appear in the July Brownies' Book. GRADUATING CLASS OF TALLADEGA COLLEGE, ALABAMA National• Association • for • the • • Advancementof Colored.-People. OKLAHOM A RIOT VICTIMS' RELIEF AND DEFENSE FUND THE National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People has established a relief fund to be applied to aiding the colored victims of the terrible race riot in Tulsa, Okla. Press reports state that a large part of the colored residence district is wiped out by fire, and thousands of men, women and children are homeless and in the greatest destitution. Already refugees have come to this office in New York City, possessing little or nothing except the clothes they were wearing, and it was necessary for their immediate relief to ask for contributions from the Association's office staff. Every cent collected for this fund will be applied directly to relief, and possible legal defense, and the necessary administrative work will be undertaken without cost by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. A public accounting will be rendered of all funds received and expended. Some of our splendid branches had al ready initiated movements to this end be fore our telegrams reached them, as is seen by the following telegram and letter: James Weldon Johnson, Secretary, National Association for the Advance ment of Colored People, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City. Kansas City, Mo., Branch awaits instruc tions to cooperate in whatever plans you propose for relief of Tulsa Riots Victims. Citizens are offering to help. MYRTLE F. COOK, Secretary. BOSTON, Mass. My Dear Miss Ovington: Mayor Peters has just called me on the telephone to know if it is desirable to form a Citizens' Committee for the relief of the situation in Oklahoma. If anything of this kind is being done, will you telegraph me as soon as you receive this letter, or call me by telephone? Mayor Peters desires to know by 11 o'clock tomorrow. Very truly yours, BUTLER R. WILSON, Secretary. We urge our branches to reach their churches and fraternal organizations, requesting them to make donations to this fund. We urge them, wherever it is feasible, to send strong committees to their mayors, urging them to follow the example of Boston in organizing a citizens' committee for the relief of the riot victims. THE TULSA RIOTS WITHI N six hours of the time, on June 1, when the New York Evening Post called up the National Office on the telephone to ask whether anything had been heard of race trouble in Tulsa, Okla., a representative was on the way to the battle-scarred city to investigate for the Association. Meanwhile reports continued to come in which showed that one of the most serious race riots in the country's history was in progress, lasting until June 2. The newspapers reported that practically the entire colored residence section of Tulsa was in flames, that shooting was going on and that motor cars and airplanes were being used by white people in the battle. One of the first steps which the secretary took was to send a telegram to Governor Robertson of Oklahoma, urging him to use the full power of his office to put an end to the reign of violence and terror. Statements were also issued to the New York newspapers warning their readers that a race riot is never caused by one isolated case of assault, and that probably conditions of peonage in the country surrounding Tulsa had brought about a situation of dangerous ill feeling. These statements received startling confirmation when, on June 2, four refugees from the riot zone appeared at the National Office. The names of the refugees were Lizzie Johnson, Stella Harris, Josie Gatlin and Claude Harris, all from Okmulgee. They had formed part of a group of eight which had left Oklahoma before the riots began. They told terrible stories of the oppression visited upon colored people, said 114 FORTY-FOUR BLOCKS OF NEGRO PROPERTY DESTROYED BY THE MOB AT TULSA, OKLAHOMA THE CRISIS that the practice of .peonage was common, and that colored farmers were kept always in debt, the planters taking their crops and giving them only a bare subsistence in return. The refugees said warnings had been distributed weeks and months before the riot, telling colored people they would have to leave Oklahoma before June 1, or suffer the consequences. Cards had been posted outside the doors of colored people's homes warning them to get out of the state, and a white newspaper of Okmulgee had published a similar warning. The refugees had left Oklahoma and arrived in New York City possessing practically nothing except the clothes on their backs. Being members of that body they had gone, they said, to the offices of the Universal Negro Improvement Association, Marcus Garvey's organization, where they were told they could not be taken care of, and where, according to their accounts, efforts were made to communicate with Okmulgee to prevent other colored people from coming to New York. Refused assistance by the Garvey organization, they were brought to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People by Mr. Edward Givens, of 39 West 133d Street, New York City. His role was indeed that of the good Samaritan, for he had taken these homeless people under his wing, had given them food, shelter and clothing and had tried to get them work. A collection was at once taken up for them in the National Office, and in the offices of TH E CRISIS, and the sum of $51.50 was presented to them to tide them over their immediate difficulties. A t a meeting of the New York Branch on the same evening an additional contribution was raised for these people. Thereupon the secretary announced in the newspapers that a relief fund was to be established by the Association, and that every cent contributed to it would be applied to relief of the riot victims. Meanwhile, the stories told by the refugees from the riot zone were sent out to the press and were prominently featured in the most important newspapers, appearing on the first page of the New York World, and being published in the New York Times, the Tribune, the Herald, the Evening Post, the Globe and the Evening World. The national secretary then took further action. He sent the following telegram to President Warren G. Harding in Washington: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People feels that an utterance from you at this time on the violence and reign of terror at Tulsa, Okla., would have an inestimable effect not only upon that situation but upon the whole country. JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. President Harding replied through his secretary on June 7 as follows: Following the receipt of your telegram of June 2, the President, as you will have noticed, made a public expression of his regret and horror at the recent Tulsa tragedy, which reflected his sentiments. Meanwhile telegrams had been sent to Oklahoma branches telling them that a representative of the National Office was on the way. The fearless temper of the men in the midst of the disturbance is well illustrated by the following telegram which the Boley, Okla., branch sent to the National Office in reply to its telegram. This telegram was received at the National Office on June 3: Telegram received. Representative will have all moral and financial support demanded. Oklahoma branches and friends loyal and fearless. C. F. SIMMONS. At the time of writing, the refugees from Oklahoma are being cared for, and the Association is ready to publish the reports of its investigator as soon as they arrive. ODD FELLOWS CONTRIBUTE TO N. A. A. C. P. A FE W days ago the following letter J- *• containing a check of $100 was received at the National Office: Mr. James Weldon Johnson, Secretary, 70 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. My Dear Sir: I am sending herewith my check for one hundred dollars, being a donation by the Sub-committee of Management, G. U. 0. O. F. America	 to the general fund of the N. A.	 A. C. P. Very truly yours, JAMES F. NEEDHAM, Enclosure. Grand Secretary. This generous contribution of the Odd Fellows sets an example for our many splendid fraternal organizations. It is an outward and visible evidence of appreciation of the work of the Association. Our N. A. A. fraternal organizations are showing with increasing frequency their readiness to back with mass-effect the great fight for freedom and opportunity. TH E DRIVE THE National Office had hoped to report in this issue the results of the drive. The extension of time to May 31 makes this impossible. Our branches are working hard and few of them are stopping to make full reports. Of the few who have made full reports at the time of this writing, most of them have "gone over the top." The first branches to reach their quota were Akron, Ohio; Newport, R. I.; Rockford, Ill.; Kansas City, Mo.; and Fairfax County, Va. Over 200 of the branches entered the drive. The National Office has sought to get the remaining branches to conduct a supplementary drive, beginning June 1 and ending at the time of the Conference. Dur ing the drive there were ordered and dis tributed 121,919 pieces of literature. The National Office is much pleased at the awakening of the branches to the import ance of literature for propaganda purposes. We urge its use at all mass-meetings and in letters during the whole year. The Drive has been seriously affected by the industrial depression with its resultant unemployment. One of our strong branches in the Middle West reports that less than thirteen per cent, of its colored factory population is employed, and many are in desperate need. In spite, however, of this depression the branches are conducting a vigorous campaign and the National Office is confident of large increases in membership. From all sources come reports stating that there is today a general appreciation of the worth of the Association and keen enthusiasm for its work. The National Office urges all our branches to proceed, if already they have not done so, to select their permanent colonel, and with this assistance their permanent majors, captains and lieutenants, sending their names and addresses to the National Office. The National Office will then issue commissions and emblems of office. We intend to publish in July a list of the branches that reached their quota and of persons who individually brought in more than 100 members. At the conference, Victory Pen C. P. 117 nants will be awarded all branches that have gone over the top and have reported to the National Office. NEW GOLD AND BLUE CERTIFICATE BUTTONS TWO very beautiful buttons have been devised for Gold and Blue Certificate holders. These buttons are not for sale and are sent out from the National Office with the Gold and Blue Certificates. The buttons are gold and enamel. The Gold Certificate button has a central circu lar field of blue enamel on which appears the balances in gold and the open book of white enamel with N. A. A. C. P. in gold letters across its pages. The wide border is of white enamel. Around the border in letters of gold are the words "Gold Certifi cate Member, 1921 to 1922." The Blue Certificate button has a circu lar field of white enamel, the open book of blue enamel, the balances and the lettering just the same as the Gold Certificate but ton. The border is in blue with the gold lettering "Blue Certificate Member, 1921 to 1922." These buttons will be given hereafter to all Certificate Members. Those who be came Gold or Blue Certificate Members be fore the Drive, will receive the new button of their membership on remitting fifty cents to the National Office. These buttons are visible evidences of interest in the Cause, and should be worn by a largely increased number of our mem bers. A STATEMENT OF THE CASE OF DR. HILLS HE N representatives of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People appeared in December be fore the Census Committee of the House of Representatives, they presented facts con cerning the disfranchisement of colored voters in the South, and particularly in Florida. They stated that hundreds of reputable colored citizens had been denied the right to vote and mentioned specifically the name of Dr. J. Seth Hills, of Jackson ville, among 941 citizens. Immediately the Florida representative of that district wired the Mayor. The Mayor called up Dr. Hills and asked him if he had been denied the right to vote. Dr. Hills stated that he him TH E CRISIS self had voted but that he knew of hundreds of others who had not voted. The Mayor asked Dr. Hills if he would make affidavit stating that he had voted. Dr. Hills made this affidavit. Immediately a telegram was sent to Washington, without Dr. Hills' knowledge, of which the following is a certified copy: JACKSONVILLE, Fla., January 4, 1921. Hon. Frank Clark, M. C, Florida, Washington, D. C : I voted in the last general election in this City. (sgd) J. SETH HILLS. Charge J . W. Martin, Mayor. Phone 1274. Certified a true copy. L. J. Maxwell, D. CS. Dr. Hills, after a number of attempts, got hold of a copy of the telegram sent and found it marked "charge to the Mayor". Thereupon, Dr. Hills sent the following telegram to Congressman Clark: I noticed in the Times-Union of this morning, January 6, a statement to this effect: "Mr. Clark also read to the committee a telegram from a Negro doctor of Jacksonville, J. Seth Hills, stating that he had voted on election day." While it is true that I was asked by a representative of Mayor Martin's office if I had voted and gave an affidavit to this effect, this was all to it. I told the truth, which any honorable citizen would do, but the statement that I sent a telegram to Mr. Clark or anyone else is absolutely incorrect. When I made the affidavit I told the representative that while I had voted I knew of hundreds who had not done so. J. SETH HILLS. It is significant that Congressman Clark made no further attempt to explain the cases of 94 1 disfranchised colored men and women of Jacksonville whose names, addresses and registration numbers were presented to the committee. THE CONFERENCE YOU cannot, Reader, afford to miss the Detroit Conference. From Montreal to New Orleans, from Los Angeles to Atlantic City, delegates all over the country, are preparing to come. In Detroit, which is widely known as a convention town, the cool breezes from Lake Erie and Lake St. Clair will temper the heat; and the beautiful Detroit River and picturesque Belle Isle, the most noted Island Park in America, will offer attractions for the spare hours. If you have time to remain for a visit after the Convention, you may take the wonderful trip through St. Clair flats, the Venice of America, and the pleasant ride across Lake Erie to Put-In-Bay. Detroit leads all American cities in growth, and now numbers 1,000,000 with a colored population of 50,000. At the Conference, some of the best speakers of the country will make addresses on the vital questions which most intimately concern the colored people, the nation and the world. Conferences on methods of organization work will enable you to return home and teach your Branch how to do its work in the most effective way. You will get the vision of the great work of the Association as you see men and women from all over, the country, from Haiti and from Liberia, come together to plan and work for a fuller realization of Democracy in America and the world. Make up your mind now. Remember when you buy your ticket to ask your ticket agent for a certificate—not a receipt. This, when signed by Walter F. White, Assistant Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., will entitle you to half fare on your return trip home. Mignon Barker. Jay M. Williams, May E. Chinn, Forest D. Speaks, Bertram W. Doyle, B.S.. Utah Agricul A.B., Brown UniB.S.. Columbia UniA.B., Wittenberg A.B., Cum laude, Ohio tural College versity versity College Wesleyan University THE SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS THE first Pan-African Congress, as our readers doubtless remember, met in 1919, February 19, 20, 21, at the Grand Ho tel, Paris. At this Congress a permanent committee was appointed which ordered a second Pan-African Congress to meet in 1921. This second Congress, the plans for which are well under way, will hold three sessions: Preliminary Council—London, England; Sunday and Monday, August 28 and 29. Main Sessions — Brussels, Belgium; Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, August 31, September 1 and 2. Final Session—Paris, France; Sunday and Monday, September 4 and 5. Special Committee to visit the Assembly of the League of Nations, Geneva, Switzerland, after September 6. The idea of meeting in Brussels is especially laudable, as Brussels is and has been for some time the centre of most of the international activities of the world. It has built to house these organizations the beautiful Palais Mondial, where the Brussels session of the Pan-African Congress will meet. The Palais, pictured above, is in a large park at the beginning of an avenue which stretches off southeast through the Soignes Woods to the town of Tervueren. The palace spreads over more than two acres and contains a hundred rooms. These rooms include administrative offices for international associations, a large auditorium and reception room for congresses like the Pan-African, an international library, an international museum, and the classrooms of the International University. This last has as its object "the uniting in a movement of universal higher learning and culture the universities and associations oif the world". It will hold a conference in September, 1921, at which Dr. DuBois has already been asked to speak. The Pan-African Congress is expecting representatives from the Colonial Offices of Great Britain, France, Belgium and Portugal. Thus Africa will be represented both officially and unofficially, for we have assurance of the presence of many natives from Various African countries. The United States is sending Bishops and other delegates from Negro churches, besides delegates from Greek Letter Fraternities and other fraternal orders. In addition we are already assured of the presence of the following distinguished personages: Jane Addams, H. 0. Tanner, Blaise Diagne, Gratien Candace, Roland Hayes, W. H. Jernigan, W. S. Scarborough, Senator La Fontaine, Senator Vinck, Professor Paul Otlet, Henri Barbusse. 119 TH E CRISIS A congress of this kind must necessarily present some practical program. We submit herewith such a program under five divisions: (a) We are conscious at present of the need of a greater knowledge concerning Africa, for in spite of the vast literature extant, few people are well informed on the present social status of Africans, both black and white. Especially if we hope to establish a better entente between black Americans and black Africans do we need to know mure about Africa's physical, climatic and commercial conditions, as well as the attitude of the natives and the European governments. Undoubtedly this congress will do much to satisfy this need. (b) This knowledge once gained should be carefully threshed, put into the form of a statement, presenting the main social problems which face the Negroes of the world. Such a statement of facts would be of vast importance to Sociology, but it is obvious that it can be made only by persons who have acquainted themselves at first hand with aspects of the problem in all the parts of the Negro World. (c) The leaders of the different Negro groups the world over mast become acquainted. Lack of acquaintance breeds intolerance which in turn creates often an impasse in cooperative effectiveness. Now social reform and uplift is not mechanical, it is a matter of human knowledge and sympathy and the Negro world can only act in cooperation as its different parts get direct knowledge of the different personalities that are coming to the front who can be counted upon in future work. (d) The greatest single difficulty in the solution of the Negro Problem is the amount of ignorance on the part of white people concerning the fundamental characteristics, needs and deserts of the black man all over the globe. Yet there are in the world today numbers of persons, groups, nations and organizations of various races who either do sympathize with the peoples of Africa and their descendants or who would sympathize if they knew the facts. It is of great importance that we should know these forces and get into touch with them. (e) Finally some form of permanent organization must be evolved. It must at first be loose and with more or less indefinite objects but as time goes on it ought to gain in strength and definiteness until it welds into one, the Negro people and their friends for the emancipation of the race. Aside from the social importance of the Pan-African Congress, there is a cultural importance which should not be overlooked. A trip to Europe at this time would be most valuable. The world has been transformed by the War. Just exactly the meaning of that transformation few of us yet grasp, but the center of the great change developing during the century, is Europe. It would be most interesting to see the great cities of the modern civilization, London, and Paris; to know the country where the World War began, Belgium; to see the cities where international effort is concentrated at Brussels and Geneva; to look upon the torn battlefields of northern France and see something of the beauty of Switzerland. The cost of this trip will not be excessive. If one wishes to attend simply the main session at Brussels, going and returning direct without side trips, the cost could be kept below $400. The trip which would include all three of the sessions and a chance to see something of London, Paris and Brussels can be made for $500. For $750 one can visit the sessions of the congress, see the battlefields and go to Geneva. Every day is working toward the realization of the Congress. We are now issuing our second bulletin which gives all details of time, place, and expense. Transportation is in charge of the Woman's Travel Club of America. All persons desirous of receiving this second bulletin, or of acquiring fuller information, should write immediately to W. E. B. DuBois, the secretary of the Congress. AN OLD EX-SLAVE CHARLES BERTRAM JOHNSON ALL day upon his porch he sits, He dwells apart in that far clime: And lives in dreams his life again, The border-land of human lives, The cabin frolics, banjo songs, Where men live only in their dreams, Like shadows pass before his ken. And faith in God alone survives. A COURSE IN COMMON-SENSE PROFESSOR EDWIN L. CLARKE T N the first Ohio Student Interracial Con*• ference a new means of promoting friendly race relations has been proved practical. On Miay 14, Dr. Edwin L. Clarke's class in Race Problems at the Ohio State University visited Prof. W. F. David's sociology class at Wilberforce University. The morning was spent by the two groups in getting acquainted with each other, in exploring the campus and in visiting classes under the escort of the Wilberforce students. There were several spontaneous social gatherings, at the home of Prof. David and in the reception hialls of the dormitories, where the Wilberforce students sang and played for their guests. After lunching together at noon the students spent the afternoon in discussion. Each class had submitted to the other a set of questions. Ohio State asked such questions as: "What is the greatest handicap, aside from white prejudice, which colored people suffer?" "How can white folks help remove it?" and "What program should be adopted to eliminate lynching?" Wilberforce asked, among other questions: "What do you find in the Negro that appeals to you most? Is this based upon your own experience, or have you adopted the general opinion of your race? What do you find in the Negro the most objectionable?" and "What program would you offer to the church, the press and other institutions to eliminate prejudice?" The questions were answered by a speaker from each class and general discussion followed. For three and a half hours the assembly considered frankly and courteously important problems of race contact. Of special interest were the concluding addresses on the subject, "What College Students Can Do to Promote Friendly Race Relations". While much benefit was derived from the formal conference, there is no doubt that even greater good resulted from the informal association during the day. From the moment the first visitor stepped from the train till the last friendly handclasp was given on departure, a spirit of delightful cordiality prevailed, proving that race relations on a high plan are thoroughly possible and desirable. It is to be hoped that this conference will become an annual affair, and that students from other colleges will be able to participate. AUNT SUE'S STORIES LANGSTON HUGHES AUNT SUE has a head full of stories, Aunt Sue has a whole heart full of stories. Summer nights on the front porch Aunt Sue cuddles a brown-faced child to her bosom And tells him stories. Black slaves Working in the hot sun, And black slaves Walking in the dewy night, And black slaves Singing sorrow songs on the banks of a mighty river Mingle themselves softly In the flow of old Aunt Sue's voice; Mingle themselves softly In the dark shadows that cross and recross Aunt Sue's stories. And the dark-faced child, listening, Knows that Aunt Sue's stories are real stories. He knows that Aunt Sue Never got her stories out of any book at all, But that they came Right out of her own life. And the dark-faced child is quiet Of a summer night Listening to Aunt Sue's stories. 121 The Looking Glass LITERATURE O, BLOOD of the people! changeless tide, through century, creed and race! Still one as the sweet salt sea is one, though tempered by sun and place; The same in the ocean currents, and the same in the sheltered seas; Forever the fountain of common hopes and kindly sympathies; Indian and Negro, Saxon and Celt, Teuton and Latin and Gaul— Mere surface shadow and sunshine; while the sounding unifies all! One love, one hope, one duty theirs! No matter the time or ken, There never was separate heart-beat in all the races of men! ****** And honor to Crispus Attucks, who was leader and voice that day; The first to defy, and the first to die, with Maverick. Carr, and Gray. Call it riot or revolution, his hand first clenched at the crown; His feet were the first in perilous place to pull the king's flag down; His breast was the first one rent apart that liberty's stream might flow; For our freedom now and forever, his head was the first laid low! JOHN BOYLE O'REILLY. * * * The second issue of The Negro Musician, edited by Henry Lee Grant, at Washington, D. C , deserves special attention. It contains notes from the local branches of the N . A. N . M., and several well-conducted departments. Its print and appearance are very attractive, and it bears as cover a fine likeness of Roland Hayes. * * * We have received a copy of The Kappa Alpha Psi Journal, which is published in Indianapolis, Ind'ana. * * * Maud Cuney Hare writes instructively on African Dances in The Musical Observer. * * * The Comhill Company, Boston, issues The Stairway, by Alice A. Chown. Miss Chown writes the vivid, breezy account which might be expected from a woman who has dedicated her life to the She becomes an object lesson to the person of any race who is fretting against barriers to the expression of self. In the midst of her flying, kaleidoscopic pages the author stops long enough to hit at the rarely noticed, because so insidious, effect of racial injustice on the oppressor. "I should like to work at the colored problem from the side of the evil re-actions of our indifference on us," she says. The student of psycho-analysis will be interested in Miss Chown's interpretation of Freud, and in her own reactions to the matter of sex. EDUCATION IN ALABAMA THE race between two Congressional candidates, McDonald and Jeffers, of Dallas County, Alabama, throws a merciless light on discrimination in the education of blacks and whites in that state. The fight centers upon the passage and interpretation of the Smith-Towner bill. The Selma, Ala., Times-Journal says: Evidently the signers of the circular letter which you enclosed are under a serious misapprehension in regard to the provisions of the Smith-Towner bill. The bill provides for the establishment of a department of education with a secretary in the President's cabinet, and authorizes an annual appropriation of $100,000,000 to encourage and assist the states in the promotion and support of public education, with the express provision that the management of the schools shall remain exclusively under state and local control. This provision of the bill is in the following language: "Provided, that courses of study, plans and methods for carrying out the purposes and provisions of this act within a State shall be determined by the State and local educational authorities of said State, and this act shall not be construed to require uniformity of courses of study, plans and methods in the several States in order to secure the benefits herein provided; and provided further. That all the educational facilities encouraged by the provisions of this act and accepted by a State shall be organized, supervised and administered exclusively by the leg-ally constituted State and local educational authorities of said State, etc." * * * quest of freedom. She tells by the breaking Mr. McDonald opposes this bill; Mr. Jef through of what "inherited inhibitions", fers advocates it. The bill requires that through the avoidance of what "travelled each State match dollar for dollar, every roads of custom", she finally reached her cent of Federal money and enjoins that goal. 122 THE LOOKING GLASS CHARLES S. GILPIN, Seventh Spingarn Medalist each dollar be spent for equal school advan"Last year," says the Dallas County tages for white and Negro children. Board of Education ingenuously, But in Dallas County outside of the city "For the white children we appropriated substantially $53,663.47, and for the Negro schools (i.e., those of Selma), there are children $15,000.00. . . . Under the 1,512 white children of school age, and 13, Smith-Towner Bill, as we construe it, one057 colored children! There lies the rub! half is divided according to teachers, and TH E CRISIS the other half is divided according to school population. This would substantially result in colored schools receiving $99,936.00 and white children receiving $37,390.94 for school purposes. It would mean a loss to the white children outside of Selma of about $16,273, and a gain to colored children outside of Selma amounting to about $84,936." * * * The Times-Journal quotes a Dr. Palmer of the Jeffers Committee as saying: "We should see to it that every child, white and black, is properly trained for rendering the best service to the State; or, in other words, that he might have a chance to fit himself for useful service." * * * "True," shrieks the McDonald Committee, "—but not at the sacrifice of the white children and white teachers of Dallas County." And McDonald comes to the fore: "Men and women of Dallas County, tomorrow you, by your vote, will say whether or not you are in favor of this Federal Educational Bill—whether or not we are willing to jeopardize the educational opportunities of our White Children for generations yet to come. In its final analysis it means that we increase the white man's tax burdens and decrease the white child's school opportunities in order to give the Negro child better school opportunities." * * * This is an amazing construction to be put on the bill which is now pending in Congress. Of course, what will really happen if the bill is passed and if a man like McDonald represents the thought of the community, is a method of discrimination which in the last analysis will give the southern white child the advantage over all children all over the country. For as a correspondent of ours astutely points out: If the State educational authorities in the South are permitted to discriminate against the Negro, to the advantage of the white child, it will not only mean prostitution of the import and purpose of the bill, and unfairness to the Negroes of the South, but unfairness to the white child of the North, in that the southern white child will get what the northern white child gets plus what shall be shorn from the Negro child. AN ATHLETE THE Harvard Alumni News does honor to its famous colored athlete, Gourdin, who saved honors for the crimson in the recent Harvard-Princeton meet. Harvard defeated Princeton, 59 points to 58, in the track and field meet which the teams representing those colleges had in the Stadium last Saturdav afternoon. A closer contest has never taken place in the home grounds. The result was in doubt until the final event of the meet, the 220-yard dash, was run. At that time the score stood B5 to 53 in favor of Princeton, and Harvard had to take two of the three places in the 22 0 in order to win the meet; fortunately, Gourdin finished well in the lead in that dash, and although Stevenson, of Princeton, was second, Chapin took third place. The six points made by Harvard in the 22 0 were just enough to win the meet by a single point, but the points which the Harvard athletes scored in other events earlier in the meet were quite as important and had as much to do with the victory. Gourdin was by all odds the most conspicuous performer on the field. He won not only the 220, but also the 100-yard dash and the broad jump, and in the event last mentioned he jumped 24 feet, 6 inches, thus excelling the intercollegiate record of 24 feet, 4l/2 inches, made in 1899 by A. E. Kraenzlein, of the University of Pennsylvania. It is said that at the Pennsylvania Relay Carnival in 1900, Myer Prinstein, of Syracuse University, jumped 24 feet, 7% inches; with that exception, which seems to be borne out by the records although Prinstein never again jumped nearly so far, Gourdin's jump last Saturday was the longest ever made in any collegiate meet in this country. Gourdin contributed fifteen points to Harvard's total. * * * This is the record of Gourdin's points: 100-yard dash—Won by E. O. Gourdin, Harvard; second, D. B. Lourie, Princeton; third, Vinton Chapin, Harvard. Time: 10s. 220-yard dash—Won by E. O. Gourdin, Harvard; second, W. E. Stevenson, Princeton; third, Vinton Chapin, Harvard. Time: 22 2-5s. Running broad jump—Won by E. O. Gourdin, Harvard, 24 ft. 6 in. (new intercollegiate record) ; second, D. B. Lourie, Princeton, 22 ft. 11 1/2 in.; third, W. F. Goodell, Harvard, 22 ft. 91/2 in. INDIA'S SAINT THE greatest man in India today," says John Haynes Holmes, "is Gandhi." It is he who has initiated the non-coopera tion movement in India which means the total boycott of all British functions on the territory of the Hindus. J. T. Sunderlin writes in Unity: What does India propose to do? Probably she could not if she would (disarmed as she is) throw off her foreign yoke by force. But she prefers not to use force. She abhors bloodshed. Has she no other resource? She believes she has. She has always been preeminently a peace-loving nation. She believes that peaceful agencies in the end are stronger than those of war. She believes that in the end right is might. She THE LOOKING GLASS has determined, therefore, upon a bloodless revolution. She will win her rights; she will compel England to grant them. How? Not by violence; not by indulging in even a single act of violence; but by "non-cooperation" with her foreign rulers, and by suffering. The government cannot go on a week without the aid of the Indian people; the English cannot do business of any kind, or even live in India, without the aid of the Indian people. The Indian people propose peacefully but resolutely to strike against their foreign masters—refusing to cooperate with them in anything, or to aid them in anything until their rights are granted; and they propose to suffer, without retaliation or revenge, the penalties visited upon them, however heavy they may be. Of course, they know that the government which has not scrupled in all the past to hold them in subjection by force, and to meet every sign of insubordination with arrest, imprisonment, hanging and shooting, will not hesitate now to resort to the extremest measures to break their resolve to be free. They know that not only the strongest possible police forces, but also the army with all its enginery of machine guns and bombs and martial law, will be employed to thwart their purpose and compel them to submit to their masters. * * * Gandhi, however, has already won remarkable results in South Africa by his methods of non-violence. The Hindu scholar Basanta Koomar Roy tells in the New York American, how the Mahatma (saint) cast in his lot with the "coolies". He lived with them and inspired them to offer passive resistance against unjust laws and obnoxious regulations. He has been arrested with them, tried with them, and also sent to prison with them, times without number. In prison he always refused to accept preferential treatment. Many a time he and his compatriots have been "led in prison garb to grace General Smuts' triumph under Kaffir guards armed with rhinoceros-hide whips". More than once angry mobs have threatened him with death. Undaunted, he always obeyed the dictates of his own conscience, fearless alike of prison, punishment, or even death itself. Gandhi's noble fight in South Africa attracted the attention of Tolstoy, who' thus wrote to his Indian counterpart in part: "Your activity in the Transvaal, as it seems to us at the end of the world, is the most essential work, the most important of all the work now being done in the world, and in which not only the nations of Christian, but of all the world, will undoubtedly take part." » * * His life is that of the ascetic, continues Mr. Roy. Gandhi is a man of unimpeachable char acter, and his fellow-countrymen rightly call him Mahatma (saint). He lives the life of an ascetic. He eats only vegetables, rice and nuts. By voluntary fasting he has reduced himself to a mere skeleton. He weighs about one hundred pounds. He sits on a mat spread on the floor and sleeps on hard planks. He dresses like a poor workingman, and he walks barefoot. He invariably travels by the third class. He has reduced his personal needs to the minimum. He is always genial and gentle, and is courteous even to his enemies. His toleration is superhuman. Deeply engrossed in his own idealism he is above insult and injury, above anger and hatred. * * * It is this blameless life of his which has accomplished the incredible—that of bringing together the numerous sects of India. This one phenomenon ought to convey a warning to Great Britain. THE HAITIAN MEMORIAL A COMMISSION from Haiti, consisting of Messrs. H . Pauleus Sannon, Stenio Vincent and Perceval Thobey, presented on May 9 to the Department of State and to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee a "memoir" on conditions existing in the Republic of Haiti under the American occupation. These gentlemen are the official delegates to the United States of the Union Patriotique d'Haiti. The San Francisco, CaL, Call and Post remarks of the memorial which the Nation carries in full: Men and women who love America and wish their country always to stand for justice to other peoples should read the charges and complaints of the Union Patriotiqued'Haiti against the treatment of Haitians by the representatives of the United States. The union is an organization of the leading and educated citizens of Haiti and the report is written by three men who have been Haitian charge d'affaires at Washington, minister to the United States at Washington, and secretary of the interior and of justice at Haiti. And the purpose of this organization is "to crystallize the national aspirations of the Haitians for the return to their independence, maintained until the American invasion for one hundred and eleven years". Strange words for American ears, and a strange situation when the people of a sovereign country should come to look upon the United States' administration as oppression not less cruel than the oppression that resulted from the invasion of Belgium by Germany. But this report, sworn to and declared to be true by citizens of Haiti, is a horrible story of official stupidity, military cruelty, and stubborn refusal to do the right 126 THE thing for a patient and suffering people. The report declares that since the American military occupation of Haiti on July 28, 1915, representatives of the people have been bullied and insulted by American officers, property and public funds have been stolen, and men and women have been illegally killed by American soldiers. "In the prisons of Cap Haitien, during the years 1918, 1919 and 1920, more than 4,000 prisoners died. At Chabert, an American camp, 5,475 prisoners died during these three years. At Cap Haitien, out of 500 prisoners, the average mortality is four a day, that is, 24 per cent per month. The ghastly mortality together with confirmation by survivors reveals a record of atrocities, of brutality, and cruelty which defies description." * * * The report reminds America that the Haitian Republic maintained its independence for 111 years with its own history, culture, institutions, literature, religion and social and political organization. This was the case according to the Call: Until one day when, "under the merest pretext, without any possible explanation or justification on the ground of violation of any American right or interest, American forces landed on our national territory and actually abolished the sovereignty and independence of the Haitian Republic." Since then, during the last five years, the Haitian people have passed through "such sacrifices, tortures, destructions, humiliations, and misery as have never before been known in the course of its unhappy history". And now this poor people turns in desperation from the actions of American agents in Haiti, under a former administration, to appeal to the sense of justice of the American people. They charge that the investigations of the Naval Board of Inquiry have been perfunctory whitewashing affairs. Isn't it about time that a clear white light of truth should be turned on this black and seemingly shameful business in Haiti? The government of Haiti was not the most stable in the world in the years before the American occupation. It was bloody and shaky and it needed the help of the United States. But the people of Haiti did not and do not deserve the treatment they charge in this cry to the American people. They ask for action and ought to have it. ETHIOPIA THE Bulletin of the Museum of Fine Arts at Boston gives some interesting data on that mysterious country "Ethiopia," the classical name of the region in northeastern Africa which borders the Red Sea and lies between Egypt on the north and Abyssinia on the south. Whatever the derivation of the name, to the Greeks it de CRISIS scribed "sun-burned faces." According to the Bulletin: In the writings of the Greeks and the Romans, Ethiopia was a region of the gods, of marvelous peoples, and of incredible customs. Long accounts of this mysterious country were gathered from various sources and recorded by Herodotus, Diodorus Siculus, Strabo, and Pliny. Most of these tales related to the second, the Meroitic Kingdom of Ethiopia, and being current in Rome in the first century A. U., moved the Emperor Nero to send an exploring party of Roman soldiers to Meroe, the capital, and to the lands southward of Meroe. But even before the time of Herodotus, Ethiopia had its place in the imagination of the ancients. It is mentioned in the Iliad as a land of the gods, and its people are included among the descendants of Ham in the list of races given in Genesis (Chap. 10). A hundred years ago the Englishmen, Hanbury and Waddington, and the Frenchman, Cailliaud, following in the wake of the army of Mohammed Ali, Viceroy of Egypt, journeyed into the Sudan to seek the long-lost Island of Meroe. Cailliaud alone was successful. To his delight, he found not only Meroe, but the older capital, Napata, and many other sites with pyramids, temples, and the ruins of cities. However fantastic the tales which the classical writers had handed down, Ethiopia was a land in which a great kingdom and a peculiar civilization had once flourished. Since that time the decipherment of the hieroglyphic and the cuneiform inscriptions of Egypt and Assyria and the scientific excavation of a number of the ancient sites of Ethiopia have given us a more intimate knowledge of the people and the history of this remote country. But previous to 1916 there were still two periods lost in obscurity. The earlier of these still remains blank,—that is, the time between Herihor, the last known Egyptian viceroy of Ethiopia (1090 B. C) , and Piankhy the Great, the king of Ethiopia who conquered Egypt in 721 B. C. The history of the second period, however, has now been recovered in its main outlines by the excavation of the pyramids at Nuri. This second, hitherto obscure, period extends from the expulsion of Tanutaman, the nephew of Piankhy from Egypt by the Assyrians in 661 B. C. to the reign of Ergamenes. King of Ethiopia and friend of Ptolemy II, or about 250 B. C. * * * The Egyptian occupation of the Sudan in 2,000 B. C. led to a thorough Egyptianizing of Ethiopia. The Bulletin tells us: Egyptian officials and soldiers were scattered about the land; temples to Egyptian gods were built in all large towns; and Egyptian learning, as well as the practice of Egyptian handicrafts, was widespread. During the Twentieth Dynasty our list is less secure, and finally ends with the name of Herihor. The Horizon COMPILED BY MADELINE G ALLISON EDUCATION CLYDE W. PHELPS, a Negro member of the '22 class at Harvard University, is winner of the Boylston prize for elocution. His subject was Wendell Phillips' "Toussaint L'Ouverture". G The Plaza Parent-Teacher Association at Fort Scott, Kan., during the past two years has given 32 prizes for scholarship and deportment and $30 toward the purchase of a set of New World Encyclopedias; it has placed THE CRISIS and THE BROWNIES' BOOK in the school and the city libraries. Mrs. Katherine D. Tillman is president of the organization. C The colored Bartlett High School at St. Joseph, Mo., has been placed on the list of approved first-class high schools. The principal is Mr. C. W. Black and there are 11 teachers. C Lambda Chapter of the Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity has been organized at Virginia Union University. It has 16 members and gives Virginia Union her third Greek letter fraternity. (I At Montgomery, Ala., of white children, 7 to 13 years of age, 76.4 per cent, were attending school in 1910 and 87.5 per cent, in 1920. For colored children of the same age the percentage in the same interval increased from 53.4 to 69.2. C A t the second annual inter-collegiate track meet, Howard University scored 89 points; Lincoln, with a score of 40 points, won second place. Dunbar High School made 29 points, with Bordentown Manual Training School taking second place with 16 points. Q The high school graduating class at Miartin's Ferry, Ohio, will have as its valedictorian, Kenneth H . Randall, la Negro, who made better grades than any of his 61 classmates. Harold Lee, colored, is valC Twenty-five white and 23 Negro physicians and surgeons participated in the postgraduate course in medicine and surgery held in the John A. Andrew Memorial Hospital at Tuskegee Institute. Sixty-five surgical operations were performed and 1,136 cases treated; there was one death. edictorian of a class of 30 in the Cadiz, Ohio, high school. 127 C The 1921 class of the New York School of Social Work included Negro, Japanese and Filipino students. C The colored Walker's National Business College of Jacksonville, Fla., graduates 72 students. The school was started 6 years ago, with 3 students; today it owns and occupies a large building and has an enrollment of over 300. More than 100 graduates are employed in banks, and insurance com panies throughout the country. C The National American Red Cross has awarded a scholarship to Mrs. K. B. Parker-Taylor, a colored public health nurse of Orlando, Fla. Mrs. Taylor was a representative at the National Tuberculosis Conference held in New York at the Waldorf-Astoria. (I Colored women students at the University of Cincinnati have organized Omicron Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority. The chapter will offer two scholarships; one for a deserving but needy student, and one for the high school student making the highest average for the four years of high school work. Hattie V. Feger is president of the sorority. (I The graduating class of Lincoln Hospital in New York City numbers 24 nurses. C Reginald W. Overton, a junior in Electrical Engineering at the Cooper Union Institute of Technology, New York City, has been awarded a scholarship for the year 1921-22. C May E. Haden, a colored student at Herrick's Institute, New Bedford, Mass., has won a gold medal award from the Remington Typewriter Company. Her speed was 60 words a minute for 10 consecutive minutes. d Students of the Chemistry Department of Howard University have organized a Chemi 128 THE cal Research Society, Chi Rho Sigma. It is the first organization of its kind to be formed in a Negro college. MUSIC AND ART WILSON LAMB, a Negro baritone, in his recital at Aeolian Hall, New York City, rendered works by Russian, French, German, Italian and Negro composers. The Tribune says: "The clarity of his enunciation in the songs given in English was a creditable feature of his performance." C A musicale benefit for the Parish Home for Aged Women has been given at St. Philips Church, New York City. The artists were Helen Hagan, pianist; Daisy Tapley, contralto; Harry Burleigh, baritone, and Eugene Mars Martin, violinist, with Hazel D. Thomas and Arthur W. Ross as accompanists. C Clarence E. Muse and Alba Iona Le-Sesne, Negroes, are being used for Harris Dickson's film comedy, "The Custard Nine." C The Reol Corporation has made a moving-picture film of Paul Lawrence Dunbar's "The Sport of the Gods." G A t the graduation exercises of Geneva College, School of Public Speaking, an interpretative recital "Paul Laurence Dunbar", was presented by Paul D. White, a white student. C In Chicago, Elnora Manson, a colored student of the Cosmopolitan School of Music and Dramatic Art, presented 3 numbers in a recital of original compositions. Her lyrics were Dunbar's "Compensation" and "Love's Seasons" and Fenton Johnson's "May Song." (I According to J. A. Jackson, of the Billboard, Negroes support 328 vaudeville and fill motion picture theatres in 21 States. The smallest theatre seats 200 and the largest, 1,800. Since September, 1920, 25 new acts, 14 companies and 12 theatres have entered the field. (1 The second monthly release of Black Swan Records has been made by the colored Pace Phonograph Company in New York City. Among the numbers are "For All Eternity," "By the Waters of Minnetonka," and "Nobody Knows de Trouble I've Seen," by Carroll Clark; "A t Dawning" and "Thank God for a Garden," by Revella Hughes. C Cleota Collins-Lacy has completed a series CRISIS of concerts in Cleveland, Dayton, Hamilton. Mt. Vernon and Toledo, Ohio, Middlesboro, Ky., and a joint concert with Helen Hagan in Erie, Pa. SOCIAL PROGRESS Dr. T. STEWARD LANGSTON, a Ne gro of Johnstown, Pa., has been appointed by the United States Treasury Department as dental examiner at the Bureau of War Risk Insurance in Cambria County. Dr. Langston is a graduate of the Philadelphia Dental College, '19. C By a vote of 69-0, the Senate of Arkansas has passed a bill providing $15,000 for the establishment of a Negro reform school. The bill was presented by Representative Ebel, of Garland County, and the appropriation will be made available in 1923. C Walter S. Buchanan, retiring president of Normal Institute, Ala., has been added to the staff of The Competitor, a Negro monthly magazine published by Robert L. Vann, of Pittsburgh, Pa. Mr. Buchanan will serve as managing editor. C Thomas Myles, a 14-year-old Negro student of Lincoln High School, San Francisco, Cal., won the 220-yard dash in 22:3 seconds, breaking the city record by 1/5 of a second. d Mercer L. Lewis, a Negro attorney at Philadelphia, Pa., has been appointed Assistant City Solicitor. Mr. Lewis has studied at Fisk University and the Harvard and Yale la"w schools. C In Judge Monaghan's court, Philadelphia, a verdict has been rendered against the Quaker City Cab Company for $29,000 to Russell Crosby, an 11-year-old Negro, and $6,000 to his mother. The boy was hit by a taxicab owned by this company and permanently disabled. The verdict is said to be the largest damage award ever made in the Philadelphia courts. C Four Negroes in New York City—Mrs. Eva W. Deaver, the Misses Catharine D. Lealtad and Vashti Maxwell, land Howard D. Gregg—have been awarded $100 each against Grace's Garrett Coffee House for discrimination. C William L. Houston, a Negro of Washington, D. C , has been appointed a member of the Board of Education, succeeding Fountain Peyton. Mr. Houston is a graduate of Howard University and has prac NEW YORK NEGROES THRONG COURT HOUSE AT "BIRTH OF A NATION" HEARING START OF THE 100 YARD DASH. E. GOURDIN. HARVARD'S COLORED RUNNER AND WINNER OF THE RACE ON THE EXTREME LEFT. 129 130 THE ticed in the District Courts for 25 years. C The Lexington, Ky., Herald has added a column of "Colored News Notes" to its edition. C In New York City, 22 colored women have volunteered to work at the Harlem Red Cross room, where sewing for the poor children of Europe is being done. G The Committee on International Relations—the highest committee of women in personnel of representatives in the League of Nations—has chosen Mrs. Mary B. Talbert as a member. Mrs. Talbert was the first accredited Negro delegate to sit in the International Council of Women and one of five American women to speak for the National Council of Women of the United States of America in the House of Parliament at Norway. G The Alpha Beta Fraternity has been formed 'among colored students at New Bedford, Mass., for the purpose of elevating their standards of scholarship. C Adolph P. Hamblin, a Negro who graduated from Knox College, Ill., in 1920, has been acting as assistant in biology during the present school year and has made an excellent record in his work. He is also distinguished as an all around athlete and has given valuable assistance to the college as assistant coach. C The Alpha Gamma Chapter of the Al pha Phi Alpha Fraternity has been estab lished by Negro students of Brown Uni versity. Because college authorities de clared there was no room in Brown for a colored fraternity, the seat of the organiza tion is in Providence, R. I. Louis Redding is president. C Henry Arthur Callis has received a let ter from the Civil Service Commission of fering him an appointment as interne in the Psychopathic Department of the Cook County Hospital. Mr. Callis writes: "This is a new opportunity in the medical pro fession in Chicago for Negroes and I re gret that I am unable to accept the ap pointment at this time. I have agreed al ready to begin service in the St. Louis, Mo., City Hospital on July 1. At present I am employed by the State of Illinois as bac teriologist in the laboratory of the Chicago Department of Health." C The colored 8th Regiment, Chicago, Ill., is to become a part of the Federalized Na tional Guard in July. Otis B. Duncan, the CRISIS Negro Colonel, will continue in command. C In an issue of the Morning News Journal, Lancaster, Pa., there appears a photograph of Lelia Miller, a colored girl who is given recognition as a poet. G Mrs. Rose Snowden at Elmira, N. Y., has been awarded $100 in a theatre discrimination case. C Relatives who contested the will of the late Maggie Ross, of Winston-Salem, N . C , have lost their case; the estate of $100,000 will be divided among Mittie Bell Houston, Robert B. Ross and Florence T. Houston, Negro servants. C Mrs. Adelaide Casely-Hayford and Miss Kathleen Easmon, natives of West Africa, have addressed the Societe des Beaux Arts at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York City. They have also spoken at the Civic Club, the Church Club House of St. Thomas, the Women's Auxiliary at Holy Trinity Church (Brooklyn), and at St. James Episcopal Church in Upper Montclair, N. J. C The sum of $1,206,216.46 has been appropriated by the West Virginia Legislature for the creation and support during the next two fiscal years, beginning June 1 next, of Negro agencies and institutions— educational, eleemosynary and corrective. Of this amount, West Virginia Collegiate Institute receives for salaries, buildings and current and other expenses, $455,272.46; Bluefield Colored Institute, $133,644; Storer College, a private school, $6,000; the hospital for insane, $150,000 for buildings and land and $30,000 for current general expenses; industrial school for boys, $150,000 for buildings and land, and a similar home for girls, $50,000; including insurance derived from the burning of the Colored Orphan's Home, that institution is to receive for rebuilding, $126,000; the tuberculosis sanitarium, $52,500; the deaf and blind school, $30,000. Other appropriations are: Bureau of Negro Welfare and Statistics, 12,000; Supervisor of Negro Schools, $5,400; Advisory Council to the State Board of Education, $5,200. This gives West Virginia 8 institutions for and under the management of Negroes. C William H. Parker, at St. Louis, Mo., has been appointed chief clerk in the United States Senate Document Room, being the first Negro appointee. C The Louisville, Ky., Y. M. C. A., has opened Camp William Hunton for colored THE HORIZON boys. The site consists of 12 acres. Mr. C. L. Harris is the director. C In the Louisiana Legislature, the race purity bill, sponsored by the Louisiana League of Women Voters, has been defeated by a 68-58 vote. C The 15th New York colored Infantry has paraded and received colors from General Nelson A . Miles. MEETINGS THE seventh annual meeting of the New Jersey Organization of Teachers of Colored Children has been held in Atlantic City. Mr. W. R. Valentine, of Bordentown, N . J., is president. (I The Kentucky Negro Educational Association enrolled 1,005 teachers in its session held at Louisville. This represents 80% of the active teachers of the state. There were 950 teachers In actual attendance, making this perhaps the largest gathering of Negro teachers. C A n Epworth League and Sunday School Institute will be conducted by the Washing ton and Delaware Conferences at Morgan College, August 22 to 28. (I The Alabama Teachers' Association has held a 3-day meeting at Montgomery, cele brating its 40th annual session. Among those to deliver addresses were Mayor W. A. Gunter, Jr. Mr. C. J. Calloway of Tuskegee Institute is president. C The National Medical Association will meet in Louisville, Ky., August 23 to 26, in its 23rd annual session. C The American Technical Association is enrolling Negro architects, chemists, civil, electrical, mechanical and mining engineers and other technical specialists. The first convention will be held August 16 and 17, at the Carlton Avenue Branch of the Y . M . C. A., in Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr. Darnley Howard is secretary. C Hampton Institute will hold a 6-weeks summer school for teachers, beginning June 20. There will be 37 instructors who will give 52 courses. C The American Woodmen will convene in its fifth quadrennial session, August 8-13, at Denver, Colo. There will be a delegation of several thousand. The order has a membership of over 80,000 in 23 States. INDUSTRY A T Kansas City, Kan., Homer Roberts has opened an automobile salesroom. For a number of years Mr. Roberts has sold from 50 to 200 automobiles a year to Negroes in Kansas. During the war he served as a first lieutenant in the Negro Signal Battalion. G A branch of the National Thrift Association, known as the Dixwell Avenue Chapter, has been organized among Negroes at New Haven, Conn., for the purpose of improving their financial status. Mr. J. V. Keese is president. C The Huskerson Construction Company is a Negro enterprise at Washington D. C. Mr. Huskerson, a graduate of the Engineering School of Howard University, has spent four years in the Canal Zone and the Republic of Panama. Mr. S. Z. C. Westerfield, a graduate of the University of Nebraska, has had charge of the installation of large power plants in various plarts of the United States. C During the year 1920, the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company collected $1,605,087 and paid $534,764 in claims; it increased its insurance in force by $10,000,000, making a total of $36,102,873; it loaned $250,000 to Negroes on mortgages. The company operates in ten states and is erecting a seven-story fireproof office building at Durham. Q In Chicago, Ill., the Progressive Company is conducting a drive for $250,000— with a million dollars as the ultimate end— for the establishment of a Negro department store. Messrs. C. H. Turner and W. E. Bryant are president land treasurer, respectively. O At Asheville, N. C, Mr. E. W. Pearson has a real estate business capitalized at $50,000; its assets are $45,000. Mr. F. S. Campbell owns a grocery business valued at $40,000; he employs three clerks, a cashier land two delivery boys. G Professional and business men of Weaverville and Asheville, N . C , are planning to organize the People's Exchange Bank, with a capital of $50,000. This will be the first Negro bank in this vicinity. CRIME LOONIE EATON—the Negro whom the " sheriff of Ouachita Parish, La., "forgot" to hang—has been given a life sentence THE CRISIS in the penitentiary. His crime was mur der. C Former Governor Catts, of Florida, has been indicted for peonage. After obtaining pardons for two Negro convicts, he forced them to work on one of his farms. G The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Huntsville, Tenn., May 7, Berry Boiling (white), murder; Stark, Fla., May 8, Sam Ballinger; murder. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE IN Kansas City, Mo., F. T. Lane, Execu tive Secretary, has made an industrial and housing survey for the Missouri Negro Industrial and Educational Commission; he is now investigating State eleemosynary institutions to be reported on at the Missouri State Conference of Social Work in November. (I The Milwaukee Urban League, in connection with a child welfare clinic, conducted a Baby Contest in which more than 100 colored children were entered. A Health Department expert presided at the daily examinations of the contestants. (I In conjunction with its Annual Health Campaign, the New York Urban League introduced a prize health essay competition among the school children of the Harlem district. More than 2,000 essays were submitted and six prizes awarded. C Less than a year ago the New York League placed 10 colored workers with Rosenwasser Brothers, shoe manufacturers, in Long Island City. In May, 83 colored workers were employed there, many receiv ing $45 per week. (I In Boston, during the recent City Cleanup Campaign, at the request of the Municipal Committee, Matthew W. Bullock, the Executive Secretary of the League, served as one of the District Chairmen for the city. The feature of the work in his district was the fine co-operation he received from the ministers and all social welfare organizations. (I The St. John's Institutional Activities of Springfield, Mass., Dr. William N . DeBerry, Director, is specializing this summer in scientific poultry culture and camping for boys and girls on its recently acquired farm. G One of the objectives of the Philadelphia Armstrong Association, affiliated with the League, was attained through the recent ap pointment of Miss A. L. Richardson as Visiting Teacher and Attendance Officer in the public schools of Philadelphia. O The Atlanta Urban League reports the formation of a Banking Scout Organization composed of students in the public schools. The program requires a cashier from a local colored bank to visit the schools one day each week to receive deposits on accounts carried by these children. A bank-book is the requisite for membership. Upwards of 500 boys and girls are already members of this organization. C The Urban League of Newark, N . J., has been instrumental in opening a factory employing women in the needle trades in which all the workers are colored. C George W. Buckner, Executive Secretary of the St. Louis Urban League, is Chairman of the Committee on Negro Problems of the Missouri State Conference on Social Work which met in Kansas City on May 12 and adopted for the State Conference in November the most comprehensive program the conference has yet presented on the problems of the Negro. The office of the League was used as headquarters for the St. Louis Health Campaign during which 40,000 people were reached and 50,000 pieces of literature distributed. C The Neighborhood Department of the St. Louis Urban League has successfully promoted four neighborhood centers this year. Over 1,000 finished articles were made. Six hundred attended the closing exercises in one of the centers. C In order that justice may be done unemployed Negro workingmen of Louisville, Ky., who are often arrested through error as vagrants, arrangements have been made with the Chief of Police by Elmer A. Carter, Executive Secretary of the League in Louisville, to refer all such cases where doubt exists to the League for investigation and report. G Through the will of Mrs. Sarah E. Krolik, the Urban League of Detroit was left $1,000 to be used in prosecuting its work. G Mrs. Edwin F. Horne as a representative of the Big Sisters of the Brooklyn Urban League has been elected a member of the Board of Directors of the Big Brother and Big Sister International Federation. She is the only colored member on this Board. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ON TO WASHINGTON, D. C. The Superintendent of insurance of the District of Columbia, after a satisfactory investigation of our contracts and business, has granted the Society license to do an Industrial Sick Benefit Insurance Business in the District of Columbia. We therefore announce the opening of our Washington (D. C.) District Office on Monday, June 6, 1921. The Washington District Office will occupy the Specially Designed Office Suite No. 300, 3rd floor front, in the Society's own Modern Four Story and Basement Building, N. W. Corner of 7th and T Sts., Washington, D. C. We invite our members, friends and the general public to call on us when visiting the Capitol City of the Nation. The Acorn of 1893 is now the Spreading Oak of Protection of 1921. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. RICHMOND, VA. Home Office: 527 N . Second Street OFFICERS AND BOARD W. E. Baker, Treasurer. Jas. T. Carter, President and General B. L Jordan, Secretary. Counsel. W. A . Jordan, Assistant Secretary. Edw. Stewart, Vice-President. B. A . Cephas. Vice-President. C. N . Jackson. A. Washington. Vice-President. W. E. Randolph. A. D. Price, Jr. Mention TH E CRISIS. ONE LESS SLINKING COWARDLY SUBMARINE. A CENTER SHOT The Negro in the WorldjWar By KELLY MILLER This new and complete history is now ready, it tells of 375 .000 Colored Soldiers who bravely served in the Army and Navy and helped to carry "OLD GLORY" to a new victory. It shows—in story and picture—how the men and women of the Negro Race have proven themselves well worthy of the important positions thev now occupv in AMERICAN CITIZENSHI P and furthermore proves that there was not an ounce of patriotism lacking when the CALL TO THE COLORS was sounded for them to join in defending their country in THE GREATEST WORLD BATTLE FOR FREEDOM AND DEMOCRACY. The Greatest Tribute to the Loyalty and Patriotism of the GREAT NEGRO RACE. The first and only Historical Volume specially prepared and published strictly in the interests of the NEGRO— FOR THE NEGRO—BY THE NEGRO. Every chapter teems with the very matter that THE COLORED FOLK HAVE BEEN ANXIOUSLY AWAITING TO KNOW. The Crisis Advertiser BY COLORED GUNNERS ON BOARD AN AMERICAN DESTROYER. This Great Book Tells All About The Negro Everywhere in the World War-How He Did His Duty In Every Capacity—From Right Up in the Front Line Trenches and on the Battlefields—Clear Back to the Work of Keeping the Home Fires Burning: On the Farms: In the Mills and Munition Plants; On the Railroads and Steamships; In the Ship Yards and Factories. Men and Women with the RED CROSS, the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the War Camp Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc., etc. YOU can make $4 to $26 per day AGENT S WANTED just now selling Kelly Miller's Au thentic History. Be first In your territory and pet the orders. You can make money because it is easy to sell. ANY BOOK BY KELLY MILLER will sell. This book gives the most reliable information. Sell the book that gives satisfaction. 700 PAGES—price only $2.60. We pay yon highest commission. Thousands of these books are being sold, students, ministers, teach ers everywhere are getting busy. Agents prospectus to canvas with will be mailed to you for only 30 cents (stamps) ; it is a fine out fit, you will be pleased; order today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 'BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS) Send for Catalog of 160 Books No. 521 9th Street, Washington. D. C. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AUSTIN N. JENKINS. GEN'L MANAGER IF FUTURE REFERENCETO THIS SUBJECT ISNECESSARY. WRITING YOUR REPLY ESTABLISH OSCAR KELLER. SECRETARY OH THE BACK OF THIS LETTER WILL ENABLE US TO GIVE IN 18?1 EDWARD S. GREEN IT ESPECIALLY PROMPT ATTENTION AUSTIN JENKINS COMPANY SUBSCRIPTION BOOK PUBLISHERS IIB1 E STORIES AMD BIBLE HISTORIi , OVER $50,000.00 CAPITAL INVESTED IN THE MANUFACTURING OF BOOKS PROMPT POPULAR AND FAST-SELLING BOOKS NO PROPER ATTEMI OUR SPECIALTY WARDER BUILDING WASHINGTON, D. C. Dear Friend; Are you energetic and enterprising,interested in the development of the Colored people,their progress in business and education, are you interested in seeing members of the raoe buy and read good books and become self-educated and enterpris ing citizens? Are you,yourself possessed with all the means you desire,or are you a person who can very well use at least £51.00 more per day? Have you given the "Raoe Problem" any thought? Are you "a thinker"? This letter to you is for the purpose of MAKING YOU THINK. All over this great country of ours,here and there on every corner,Colored people are establishing themselves in business. In many towns and counties we have perminent represent atives; -men and women who have in many cases begun ina small way by selling a few books at odd times, and gradually increased their business. They have hired additional assistant agents from time to time until they have built upa business giving them an income of several thousand dollars per year. Perhaps you have never given the book business any particular thought or attention and have not been aware of the fact that it offers YOU an opportunity to do some constructive educational work. We want as our representatives,the best,the most loyal energetic persons. Our principal publications are speoial books for Colored people. Agents also sell a full line of bibles and religious books. In your county there area great many people who have been waiting for a late and up-to-date history ofTHE WORLD WAR. Will you not send for the outfit and our catalog and begin work at onoe? Awaiting with interest your early reply we are, Yours very truly, ANJ/k AUSTIN JENKINS CO. Twenty years ago Colored people bought books from white agents at fabulous prices; today it is different."A word to the wise is sufficent." Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Hampton Institute Agricultural School HAMPTON, VIRGINIA Opportunity Knocks at the Door of the Man Who Knows and Can Do If you wish to prepare yourself to fill a responsible position of wide usefulness as a County or farm-demonstration agent Teacher of vocational agriculture Rural-school principal Hampton now offers in Agriculture A COLLEGIATE COURSE Based on Four-Year Secondary Course With Work in Well-Equipped Classrooms, Shops, and Laboratories; With Summer Field Practice; With All-Round Training Under High-Grade Instructors. James E. Gregg, Principal, Warren K. Blodgett, Director Morgan Colleges and Branches John O. Spencer, Ph.D., President Lee M. McCoy, Litt.D., Dean Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. Location:— In great college town between north and south. Policy:— Co-educational. Courses:— Four years, appropriate degrees. Prepa ration for professional study. Advanced education. Graduates certified for elementary and high school teaching. College extension courses in city. SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS July 5th—August 12th Faculty:— College and university trained men and women. Kite:— Eighty-five acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. Athletic fields. Fraternity house. Terms :— Very reasonable. Information.—Address the Registrar. Morgan College. Baltimore. Md. Morgan Academy, Baltimore, Md. Location:— In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus. Healthful surroundings. Dormitories:—Equipped and supervised. Can care for 100 boarders and 100 day students. Athletic and physical education. Terms:— Very moderate. Principal— John W. Haywood. A.M. . R.T.B. Princess Anne Academy, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch University of Maryland) Location:— Somerset County, famous Eastern Shore of Maryland. Courses:— Preparatory, normal, agricultural. In dustrial, domestic, music. Terms:— Free tuition : other expenses moderate. Principal:— Thomas H. Kiah. Ped.D. Information:—Address the Principal. Al l Schools Open September 26, 1921. Dormitories Open Sept. 24th. Educate Your Girl at The National Training School for Women and Girls Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. C. Among the best schools for women and girls in the United States. The School that develops CHARACTER and PERSONALITY. We fill our students with a burning desire to go out into the world and make not only a LIVING but a LIFE. COURSES 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal, Music, Business, Domestic Science and Arts Social Service Beauty Culture Physloal Culture Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Thorough Training SEND FOR CATALOG Nannie H . Burroughs, President JOSEPH K. BRICK AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIAL and NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, N. C. This School offers a 6rst-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. Teachers and officers, 25; enrollment, 350; boarders, 220. Cottage and buildings, 34. School farm, 1,1291/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. School receives four mails a day. Our postoffice handles money orders, registered matter and parcel post mail. For further information write T.S.. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. The Negro in American History Its value indicated in public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 284 pares. 32 chapters. 17 full page illustrations. Index snd bibliography other features. Trice $2.00; sent on receipt of net price. Order through any bookseller: C. O. D. or postage remittance. For further information address the author. JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St . Washington. D. C. Mention THE Caisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 137 STORAGE BATTERY REPAIRING has been added to the Course in AUT O MECHANICS At The Prairie View State Normal &amp; Industrial College which has turned out more ENGINE REPAIRMEN, TRACTOR OPERATORS, CHAUFFEURS, MECHANICS &amp; AUTO ELECTRICIANS and VULCANIZERS than any other Automobile School for Negroes ADDRESS : Division of Mechanic Arts, Prairie View, Tex. JUNE 27th SUMMER SESSION ENROLL NOW! DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL Derrick Bldg. - 1514 PINE STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING. Dormitories -$2.50 per week SAVE TIME AND MONEY BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM ML J . Derrick, Principal and Manager VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 (RICHMOND, VA.) offers young men an excellent opportunity to secure a OPPORTUNITY good College or Theological education at moderate cost. Helpfulness Our Object Efficiency Our Aim Special Pre-Medieal courses are offered for those who plan to enter a medical college. Information cheerfully furnished. Write to the BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND President. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL 1926-30 S. COLLEGE AVE., Philadelphia, Pa. Principally a Trade School Fall Term Opening Tuesday, October 4, 1921 Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Va. Day and Night Classes A superior school for the separate education Introduction Day Commercial Course of young women. VISITORS WELCOME WRITE NOW Departments. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal and Founder College, Academic. Junior and Music Send for catalog to the President. COSMOPOLITAN SCHOOL of CHIROPRACTIC Formerly NEW YORK SCHOOL OF CHIROPRACTIC NEW YORK, N. Y. A recognized Institution for Chiropractic 'KI-RO-PRAZ-TIK) training offering a strictly residential course leading to degree of D. C. (Doctor of Chiropractic). Chiropractic, the world's foremost drugless healing science, is daily increasing in popularity because of the astounding result, obtained In almost every human ailment. An unsurpassed opportunity is offered young men and women ofcharacter and ability. The school is well located and well equipped. The faculty is made up of men well knows and recognized in the profession at capable practitioner* and teachers. WHITE FOR PROSPECTUS DR. J. FREEMAN OTTO GERTRUDE MILLER-FAIDE Registrar Secretary 240 W. 138th STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention the Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of its kind In historic Northern Virginia. State standard Four-Year High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral standards. Prepares boys and girls to become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For Information address EDWARD D. HOWE, Principal THE STENOGRAPHERS INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Our Business Course includes a thorough training in the craftsmanship and practicality of Ben Pitman Shorthand, Building and Loan and Real Estate. Two months' Theory Course in Business (for teachers) starts July 5 and ends August 31 Edward T. Duncan, President STUDENTS! PUBLIC SPEAKERS! Literary Criticism and Revision for Writers and Speakers. We also assist in the writing of material for Special Articles, Manuscripts, Theses, Sermons, Essays, Orations and One Act Plays. These are expertly prepared (typewritten) papers. Proficient, scholarly service. Address: John A. Martin, Secretary, 2220 Sixth St., N. W. Washington, D. C. SOCIETY PRINTING Best qualities and most fashionable styles. Our line includes Calling Cards, Business Cards, Mourning Cards, Wedding and Party Invitations, Sympathy Acknowledgment Cards, Mono-crammed Stationery, etc. Agents wanted. Good pay. Big demand everywhere. All orders filled promptly and sent prepaid. Write for samples and terms. The House of Chownlng, Indianapolis, Ind. HOW TO LIVE TODAY In order to keep healthy, and how to avoid the healing swindlers of all sorts—that is what you learn through RATIONAL LIVING, the radical independent health magazine, 61 Hamilton Place, New York. Editor B. Liber. M.D., D.P.H., 40 cents a copy, Trial subscription 3 copies, $1.10. No free sample copies. Sold in important book stores in U. S. and Canada. Dr. Liber's book on the bringing up of children, "THE CHILD AND THE HOME," $2.50. Advance subscription, $2.00. The book together with yearly subscription to Rational Living, $5.00, instead of $6.50, HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. Sanitarium added with Dr. C A. Lewis of the University of Penn. in attendance. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY " ATLANTA, GA. BOOKS-BOOKS -BOOKS The Emperor Jones with Charles Gilpin $2.oo The play that stormed Broadway and shook the theatrical world. Book just published, by mail 2.10 Poems and Letters of Phillis Wheat- ley first Pub. 1773 introduction by A. A. Schomberg 3.00 The Haitian Revolution — T. G. Steward 1.50 Native Life in South Africa—Plaatje 2.50 The Aftermath of Slavery—Sinclair 2x0 YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 West 135th St., New York. N. Y. Books by Colored Authors a specialty BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION FINANCIERS "Investments of the Better Kind" INVESTMENTS SECURITIES Branches in Principal Cities Home Office 413 South Broad St. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STARTLING NEW OFFER OF ORCHARDVILLE LOTS AT $29.50 EACH PAYABLE AT $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH THESE LOTS ARE EXACTLY THE SAME KIND AND IN THE SAME LOCALITY AS THOSE WE SOLD UNDER THE DEVELOPMENT PLAN AT $56.00 EACH, THE OFFER OF WHICH HAS MET WITH GREAT SUCCESS. The lots are size 30 x 144 feet, and have plenty of room for a garden, chicken yard, shed, etc., besides a few fruit trees which can be planted later on. Each lot is sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE to prove to you that everything is as described in our advertising matter. TITL E to the property is ABSOLUTEL Y CLEA R and is conveyed by Warranty deed. This offer must be taken advantage of QUICKLY because only a LIMITED NUMBE R of these lots will be sold at this price, and the demand is sure to be VER Y GREAT ! Many of those who purchased Orchardville bits under our development agreement will want some of these lots also, and with a large list of lot owners all ready to start with, you can see how important it is to act WITHOUT DELAY. Space here is too limited to give you all the details of this offer, but if you want to know all about it, simply write your name and address on the coupon below and mail it to us RIGH T AWAY . We will then send you a circular containing all the particulars regarding the proposition, location, etc.. without any obligation on your part. DON'T WAIT BUT SEND FOR IT TODAY-RIGHT NOW! Address : ARENS0N REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REALTY DEV PT CORP. CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192 Gentlemen: — I would like to receive all the details regarding your new lot offer, without any obliga tion on my part. Name Town and State Address CRI—New Offer—7-21 Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BLACK SWAN RECORDS Are Made by The Only Phonograph Company in the World Owned and Operated by Colored People REVELLA E. HUGHES C. CARROLL CLARK The most beautiful Lyric Soprano of the race Premier Baritone Soloist of the race Exclusive Black Swan Artists ALBERTA HUNTER ETHEL WATERS CREAMER &amp; LAYTON KATIE CRIPPEN EDDIE GRAY JUAN HARRISON The only records made using exclusively Colored Singers and Musicians Buy from Your Dealer or Order Direct from Pace Phonograph Corp., 257 W. 138th St., NewYork, N.Y. Agents Who Will Work Wanted in Every Community. Liberal Commissions. ft Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BE A LAND OWNER! BRAZIL DO YOU WANT LIBERTYAND WEALTH IN A LAND OF PLENTY? UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? Then Buy Land in Brazil South America Kindly Send 25c in Stamps for Our Booklet BRAZILIAN AMERICAN COLONIZATION SYNDICATE American Office 3539 1/2 South State Street, Chicago, Ill. MISS MADELINE ALLISON Shopper From Fireco, W. Va. RECEIVED the iron O.K. and like it fine. Will add further that you made an unusual selection in picking an automatic iron— one that when it gets too hot disconnects. The very thing for my wife, and you can imagine what happened the very first time she used it. Will let you hear from me when in need of anything. B. W . Wilson. From Willowvale, South Africa. Will you kindly send me at once a pair of brown boots (size 8) which will not cost more than 30/ (thirty shillings) sterling? Dube H . Bulube. Address : Room 622 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the "Crisis.") Enjoy that proud, self-satisfied and independent feeling that comes with the ownership of a fine country estate. Invest your savings where they will be safe and where they can some day earn you maximum returns. Get away from the turmoil of the city, the lay-offs, strikes, congestion, high cost of living, etc. If you act QUICKLY you can secure a Woodville country estate consisting of 10, 20 or 40 acres in a fine location in Michigan, on very easy terms, FOR ONLY $32.50 PER ACRE FREE TOWN LOT with each 10 acre tract, also a SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT to those who act AT ONCE. The tract is well located, RIGHT ON A RAILROAD, with the station right there. The land is high and dry and sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. Send for our BEAUTIFUL BOOK LE T and get all the details of this offer without any obligaton to you. It contains a great many good views of the property, as well as interesting information. Simply, ask for a WOODVILLE booklet and mention the Crisis. Write your name and address plainly. SEND FOR YOUR COPY TODAY because the tracts are going FAST . Address ARENS0N REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle St Chicago, III. HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L. S REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist Director of Music of St. Marks M. E. Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system, Studio: 250 W. 138th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. Important to YOU An investment NOW in the young, growing colored moving picture business is the wisest financial step you can take. Write to FLORENTINE FILM MFG. CO., INC., "Producers of Superior Race Pictures" 903 You St., N. W.. Washington, D. C. SHARPS $10.00, CASH OR TERMS. THE BUREAU OF IMF0RMAT10N FOR COLORED GRADUATE NURSES Wil l help you get a better position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Bureau of Information for Colored Graduate Nurses 317 W. 138th STREET. NEW YORK. N. Y. Mrs. T. S. Bell. Secretary IMPROVE YOURSELF! HELP OTHERS! Easy, pleasant dignified work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in stamps for membership, supplies, etc. National Literary Association 1230 Too St. N. W.. Wash., D. C For the most valuable books dealing with the Negro Problem see the inside back cover. ADVERTISER A MONEY GETTER because it is a CROWD GETTER Churchi and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night. PRICE. 50. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights, Washington. D. C Co.. 97 South St.. Jamaica. N. Y. AGENT S EAR N $75.0 0 A WEE K Selling our Enlarged Photo Medallions. Photo Cuff Button, Photo Lockets, photo Watch Photo Breast Pins. PHOTO CLOCKS AND Life Size Por traits (16 x 20) We copy from any Photograph and Return Your Agents and DealersOriginal Photo. Agents' Enlarged sampl e 50c. Negro Books. Pictures and Post Cards. Prompt Shipments. 1000  Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art A Beautiful Complexion Just a few minutes a day and you can have a beautiful complexion. Yvonne Lemon Massage Cream will work wonders with your skin, A wonderful bleaching cream for CJJ ^Hfc T sunburns. Keep- the skin smooth. » firm and youthful looking. Clears up muddy and sallow skins. Removes lines and wrinkles. Guaranteed harmless. It's 100% pure. Begin today and use Lemon Massage Cream Note the wonderful improvement. You can have a complexion you'll be proud of. Price 50c a jar by mail postpaid. Order today. Yvonne Charmante Face Powder 75c Yvonne Vanishing Cream 35c Yvonne Cleansing Cream 50c YVONNE LABORATORIES 3011 Cottage Grove Ave.. Dept. B, Chicago, III. PUT OFF YOUR SUMMER VACATION AND ATTEND THE TRADE EXHIBIT AND CONVOCATION OF CHIEFS MONROVIA, LIBERIA, DEC. 21st TO 31st, 1921 Special excursion rates via 10.000 ton palatial passenger liner making the tour to West Africa rapid, reasonable, safe and convenient, including the following ports of call: THE CANARY ISLANDS. DAKAR, FRENCH SENEGAL, THE BERMUDA ISLANDS, FREETOWN, SIERRA LEONE. And two weeks in MONROVIA, GRAND BASSA AND CAPE PALMAS, LIBERIA THE MOST NOVEL TRIP OF THE AGE Sailing from Baltimore, December 3d, 1921 Returning January 17th, 1922 701 S. 19th STRE: AMERICAN-AFRICAN TOURIST CO., INC., PHILADELPHIA, PA. MAJ. WILLIAM H. YORK. Bus. Mgr Mention THE Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MADEto MEASURE EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get afinely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $12.45. WERE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $12.45, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. s You Savegto $|| This suit for $12.45 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let s tell you about them. We would rather you did Big Sample Outfit FREE not send us any money until we send our Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FRE E our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dent. 612: CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS 144 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM, by the most skillful artists in the WRITE 	trade. Write FOR CATALOG	Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using For them. Catalog We carry the largest selection of Hairdressers' Tools and Accessories. Mme. Baum's Bob gives the appear ance of wearing the hair bobbed, but makes cutting un necessary- Mad e MME. BAUM'S of strictly Supreme Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE wave*, sewed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three Our Factory is Located at tuek Combs to hold secure. la all shades. Price, 5.50. 80 FOURTH AVE. . NEW YORK, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell Agents Wanted DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can In Every make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint Town and stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Palish for $5.00. Take advantage of this Locality. special offer at once. DUDLEY MANUFACTURING CO. Formerly GOOD PAY DUDLEY &amp; PORTER MFG. CO. and DUDLEY LEATHER &amp; CHEMICAL WORKS, Catalog Free Box 642 MUSKOGEE, OKLAHOMA THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS 	TOURS First annual series of delightful summer tours forMFG. CO. colored people during July and August, from Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia 316 N. Central Dept. B 	to Buffalo,	 Niagara Falls, Toronto, Windsor, Detroit OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA and return. Travelers' Specialized Information Service, 903 You St,, N. W. Washington, D. C. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address. Epben Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia EDGAR P. BENJAMIN For all Lodge and Church Societies ATTOINIT AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 14 School Street	 Boston, Mass. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. that stirred the peo JOS. L. JONES,	"SOME DON'TS" Pres. ples of both conti 641 W. 3th St. Cincinnati, Ohio nents. A Programme for Life." Agents Wanted. Price 10c. Try the 6c. and 10c. stores. A. R. Gillesp.e, 2272 East 97th St., Cleveland. Ohio. Mention	 THE CRISIS. A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem | HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 j | TH E HEART OF A WOMAN AND OTHER POEMS. (Georgia Douglas g 1 Johnson) 1.25 § | NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 | | TH E SOUL OF JOHN BROWN. (Stephen Graham) 3.00 | | A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 | § SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 | 1 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 j 1 TH E CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE. (James F. Morton) 25 | | HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Biawley) 2.00 E g TH E NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein) .. . .50 = | GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 2.25 _ | HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.20 | | AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 | § MY LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 g I UNSUNG HEROES. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes) 2.50 | | TH E SHADOW. (Mary White Ovington) 2.00 g 1 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 | 1 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 2.00 g j PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) .. 1.00 g | THE VOICE OF THE NEGRO. (Robert T. Kerlin) 2.50 | | NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 3.00 | | THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 90 § B TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. | | Woodson) 2.00 |1 TH E NEGRO FACES AMERICA. (Herbert J. Seligmann) 1.75 | | DARKWATER. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.25 | 1 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.50 | | AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 [ | BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 | | Address: TH E CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. | Beautiful white teeth A MADAM C. J. WALKER'S ANTISEPTIC DENTAL CREAM IS THE SECRET Mouth acids and a slimy film are the great contributions to decay. Your Dentist will tell you that it is not enough to merely clean the teeth and ordinary dentrifices will not preserve them from decay. Madam C. J.Wallcer's Antiseptic Dental Cream keeps the saliva alkaline, which counteracts acid-mouth, prevents slimy film, the formation of tarter and A delicious, purifies the effective germicide breath. and mouth wash for Cleansing, Polishing and Preserving the teeth. of Agents and at Drug Stores. MME. C. J.WALKER MFG. CO. 64 0 NORT H WES T STREET INDIANAPOLIS.IND., U.S.A. Makers of Mme. C J. Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower.