The Crisis NOTICE: TO READER: When you finish reading this magazine, place a one-cent stamp on this notice, mail the magazine, and it will be placed in the hands of our soldiers or sailors destined to proceed overseas. NO WRAPPING—NO ADDRESS. The CRISIS Vol. 16—No. 4 AUGUST, 1918 Whole No. 94 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Acting Chair Vice-Presidents man ARCHIBALD H. GRIM KE ' OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publi-BISHOP JOHN HURST cations and Research JOHN E. MILHOLLAND JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Field Secre MARY WHITE OVINGTON tary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE, Assistant Secretary JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago "Washington New York JANE ADDAMS DR. C. E. BENTLEYPROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOKREV HUTCHINS C. BISHOP Boston Brooklyn MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY DR. V. JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD MORTON JONES PAUL KENNADAY BUTLER R. WILSON New Haven CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL Baltimore GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CAPT. ARTHUR B. SPINGARN BISHOP JOHN HURST Philadelphia CHARLES H. STUDIN MARY B. TALBERT DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL Springfield, Mass. St. Louis LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER HON. CHARLES NAGEL WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The N. A. A. C. P. has no endowments. It is supported entirely by voluntary contributions and membership fees. Its fighting strength is 117 active branches and 36,000 members (July 1, 1918). Fifty cents of each membership fee is retained by local branches for local work. Join the Association now and help secure a fuller measure of justice for the Twelve Million colored citizens of America. If you believe in a square deal for every man, this is your chance to help. If every reader of The Crisis will become a member, the Association's work can be made more effective. DO IT NOW. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to THE CRISIS. Name Street City and State. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 16—No. 4 AUGUST, 1918 Whole No. 94 PICTURES Page COVER: Miss Bessie Moore as "Ethiopia" in the Trenton, N. J., School Pageant THE NEGRO AND THE RED CROSS 167 MEN OF THE MONTH 183 MORE GRADUATES 185 COLORED MUSICAL FESTIVAL, CHICAGO 186 ARTICLES STAR OF ETHIOPIA. A Poem. By Lucian B. Watkins 165 THE HEALTH AND MORALS OF COLORED TROOPS. By Captain A. B. Spingarn 166 A CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD. A Story. By John R. Harrison 168 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 163 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 172 THE LOOKING GLASS 178 MEN OF THE MONTH 183 THE HORIZON 187 THE SEPTEMBER CRISIS The September Crisis will be devoted in part to business and other buildings among Negroes and touch upon our future economic development. The October number will be Children's number. Send the pictures now. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is. printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and DRAWINGS relating to colored people are desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class matter November 2,1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 160 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Tuesday, October 1, 1918. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. Twenty-fifth Annual Session. Fall term begins Sept., 1918. For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments: Aga good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are of ricultural, Mechanical and Aca fered during the regular term in academic demic. work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, Short Practical Courses of wood and metal working, and agriculture. Three Months; Maintained by Board and laundry - privileges for the year the Governments of North Car$125. Fall term begins Wednesday, Septemolina and of the United States. ber 18, 1918. Special training for teachers of The Summer School for Teachers, from July 1st to July 31st, inclusive, will this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, Board, Lodging and Tuition, history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, $9.00 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For Catalog and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should be made early. Cost for the four President Dudley, weeks $15.00. A. &amp; T. College, For further information write to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal. Mention The Crisis, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta. Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and Collage, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 18, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October, 1918. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of S t Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia. Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely. to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September, 1918. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Read; Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opens October, 1918. For	 Further Information Address D.	 C. SUGGS, PRESIDENT OR J, Z. Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (.Established 1856) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U. S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, Ia. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational ) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers ) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opens September 17th. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Mention TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI " The best school for Negroes in the State."—Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses — College Preparatory. Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to Eighth and Ninth Grade. For particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County. Mississippi Th e Slater	 Industrial an d State Normal School FOR COLORED YOUTH OF BOTH SEXES WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further Information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, PRINCIPAL SLATES	 STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H, Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O.	 L. COLEMAN, President The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW	 REASONABLE TEEMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. Educational Institutions Continued on page 193 TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 4 AUGUST, 1918 Whole No. 94 Editorial THE GREATER CRISIS. THE CRISIS has long realized that the reading matter which it gives the public is too limited in quantity for the best expression of its purposes. We do not want to be a " big " magazine. We are still ambitious to remain the sort of modest booklet that one can read through almost at a sitting. Yet we do need space for stronger, serious articles; for a more complete pictorial review of our racial life and for even better developed news service. Despite, then, the difficulties of war time we have decided beginning with the next October number to add sixteen pages to our magazine. This, together with the increased cost of paper, materials and labor and the new postal rates will necessitate a small increase in the subscription price, but we expect the improvement far to outweigh the cost. HELP US TO HELP. From the petition of thirty-one Negro editors unanimously adopted lem settled immediately; he is not at their meeting in Washington: seeking to hold-up a striving country WE American Negroes wish and a distracted world by pushing irrelevant personal grievances as a to affirm, first of all, our unalterable belief that the defeat of the German government and what it today represents is of paramount importance to the welfare of the world in general and to our people in particular. We deem it hardly necessary, in view of the untarnished record of Negro Americans, to reaffirm our loyalty to Our Country and our readiness to make every sacrifice to win this war. We wish to use our every endeavor to keep all of these 12,000,000 people at the highest pitch, not simply of passive loyalty, but of active, enthusiastic and self-sacrificing participation in the war. We are not unmindful of the recognition of our American citizenship in the draft, of the appointment of colored officers, of the designation of colored advisors to the Government departments and of other indications of a broadened public opinion; nevertheless, we believe today that justifiable grievances of the colored people are producing not disloyalty, but an amount of unrest and bitterness which even the best efforts of their leaders may not be always able to guide, unless they can have the active and sympathetic cooperation of the National and State governments. German propaganda among us is powerless, but the apparent indifference of our own Government may be dangerous. The American Negro does not expect to have the whole Negro prob price of loyalty; he is not disposed to catalogue, in this tremendous crisis, all his complaints and disabilities; he is more than willing to do his full share in helping to win the war for democracy and he expects his full share of the fruits thereof;—but he is today compelled to ask for that minimum of consideration which will enable him to be an efficient fighter for victory, namely: (1) Better conditions of public travel. THE CRISIS (2) The acceptance of help where help is needed regardless of the color of the helper. (3) The immediate suppression of lynching. All these things are matters, not simply of justice, but of National and group efficiency; they are actions designed to still the natural unrest and apprehension among one-eighth of our citizens so as to enable them wholeheartedly and unselfishly to throw their every ounce of effort into this mighty and righteous war. A PHILOSOPHY IN TIME OF WAR. FIRST, This is Our Country: We have worked for it, we have suffered for it, we have fought for it; we have made its music, we have tinged its ideals, its poetry, its religion, its dreams; we have reached in this land our highest modern development and nothing, humanly speaking, can prevent us from eventually reaching here the full stature of our manhood. Our country is at war. The war is critical, dangerous and worldwide. If this is OUR country, then this is OUR war. We must fight it with every ounce of blood and treasure. SECOND, Our country is not perfect. Few countries are. We have our memories and our present grievances. This nation has sinned against the light, but it has not sinned as Germany has sinned. Its continued existence and development is the hope of mankind and of black mankind, and not its menace. We must fight, then, for the survival of the Best against the threats of the Worst. THIRD, But what of our wrongs, cry a million voices with strained faces and bitter eyes. Our wrongs are still wrong. War does not excuse Disfranchisement, "Jim-Crow" cars and social injustices, but it does make our first duty clear. It does say deep to the heart of every Negro Ameri can : We shall not bargain with our loyalty. We shall not profiteer with our country's blood. We shall not hesitate the fraction of a second when the God of Battles summons his dusky warriors to stand before the armposts of His Throne. Let them who call for sacrifice in this awful hour of Pain fight for the rights that should be ours; let them who make the laws writhe beneath each enact ment that oppresses us,—but we? Our duty lies inexorable and splendid before us, and we shall not shirk. FOURTH, Calm and with soul serene, unflurried and unafraid we send a hundred thousand black sons and husbands and fathers to the Western Front and behind them rank on rank stand hundreds of thousands more. We are the Ancient of Days, the First of Races and the Oldest of Men. Before Time was, we are. We have seen Egypt and Ethiopia, Babylon and Persia, Rome and America, and for that flaming Thing, Crucified Right, which survived all this staggering and struggling of men—for that we fight today in and for America—not for a price, not for ourselves alone, but for the World. FIFTH, Protest, my brother, and grumble. I have seen the Vision and it shall not fade. We want victory for ourselves—dear God, how terribly we want it—but it must not be cheap bargaining, it must be clean and glorious, won by our manliness, and not by the threat of the footpad. In the day of our lowest travail we did not murder children and rape women to bring our freedom nearer. We played the game and freedom came. So, too, today our souls are ours, but our bodies belong to our country. Patience, then, without compromise; silence without surrender; grim de EDITORIAL termination never to cease striving until we can vote, travel, learn, work and enjoy in peace—all this, and yet with it and above it all the tramp of our armies over the blood-stained lillies of France to show the world again what the loyalty and bravery of black men means. FOOD. WAR necessities may teach the Negro some salutary lessons. For a long time it has been known that as a race we eat too much meat, especially pork, and are ruining our digestions with hot bread made daily. Frugal peoples have long since learned that risen bread thoroughly baked and kept until stale is not only the most economical, but the most nuitritious of dietaries. Modern physicians have long urged us to decrease our meat rations and increase our consumption of vegetables. The war comes now to enforce our common sense. The Hot Biscuit is a lovely institution, but it is too costly in work and money and too dangerous for the digestion to come oftener than once a week. The deceitful Pork Chop must be dethroned in the South and yield a part of its sway to vegetables, fruits and fish. Food—reasonable food— will not only win the war, but it will win health and efficiency if we learn the lesson of the present emergency aright. TILLMAN. IT can hardly be expected that any Negro would regret the death of Benjamin L. Tillman, Senator from South Carolina. His attacks on our race have been too unbridled and outrageous for that. And yet it is our duty to understand this man in relation to his time. He represented the rebound of the unlettered white proletarist of the South from the oppression of slavery to new industrial and political freedom. The visible sign of their former degradation was the Negro. They kicked him because he was kickable and stood for what they hated; but they must as they grow in knowledge and power come to realize that the Negro far from being the cause of their former suffering was but a co-sufferer with them. Some day a greater than Tillman, Blease and Vardaman will rise in the South to lead the white laborers and small farmer, and he will greet the Negro as a friend and helper and build with him and not on him. This leader is not yet come, but the death of Tillman foretells his coming and the real enfranchisement of the Negro will herald his birth, STAR OF ETHIOPIA By LUCIAN B. WATKINS OUT in the Night thou art the sun Toward which thy soul-charmed chil dren run, The faith-high height whereon they see The glory of their Day To Be — The peace at last when all is done. The Night is dark but, one by one, Thy signals, ever and anon, Smile beacon answers to their plea, Out in the Night. Ah, Life! thy storms these cannot shun; Give them a hope to rest upon, A dream to dream eternally, The strength of men who would be free And win the battle-race begun, Out in the Night. THE HEALTH AND MORALS OF COLORED TROOPS By Captain ARTHUR B. SPINGARN, Sanitary Corps, FEW matters are of greater concern to the War Department than the proper safeguarding of the health and morals of its soldiers. It is significant that it has detailed to the consideration of the problem of safeguarding colored troops and colored civilians an officer, who, as a director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the chairman of its Legal Committee, has definitely put himself on record as opposed to discrimination against the Negro in any form for any cause. The paramount national issue is the winning of the war and every resource both military, and civil must be applied toward this end, so that the social hygiene program, prepared under the direction of the Surgeon General, has centered on the protection of the military forces; but the prevalence of venereal diseases in civil life, as shown by the drafts, has made it evident that civilian facilities and activities cannot be neglected without failing to protect the army. The methods of attack provided for in this program divide themselves into four classes: A. Social measures to diminish sexual temptations, which embrace the repression of prostitution and the liquor traffic and the provision of proper social surroundings and recreation. B. Education of soldiers and civilians by lectures, exhibits and pamphlets. C. Prophylactic measures in camps and civil centers. D. Medical care in Regimental Infirmaries and Base Hospitals. The Surgeon General's office has recently completed a three months' investigation covering ten states, studying the problem, and, as a result of the information gathered from this and other sources, a program is now under consideration. In its briefest terms, it provides for colored troops: equal and identical medical inspection, care and treatment; social hygiene instruction and education with the best available col National Army. ored lecturers added to those available for all troops and exhibits and literature adapted as far as possible to their individual needs; military training and discipline for all colored troops; equal recreational opportunities in camp; a repression of the liquor traffic and of vice in all its manifestations as stringent in the colored as in the white sections of the community, with equal treatment for white and colored sex offenders; adequate recreational facilities for the colored civilian and the colored soldier on leave in all communities near cantonments; equal clinical and hospital facilities for the early diagnosis and treatment of venereal diseases in the colored civil communities; adequate facilities for the detention and rehabilitation of colored women and girls; a removal as far as possible of those general forces which make and have made for low moral standards and high disease rates; and, finally, a systematic and serious attempt to enlist the interest of colored leaders and to mobilize the whole social force of the colored communities wholeheartedly in the work. The War Department can control con ditions in the cantonments, but the for mulators of this program realize that no permanent improvement can be expected if all the effort is to be from without; no lasting help is possible for twelve million people unless the major effort comes from within. The health and morals of colored people for generations to come will depend largely on how much help and co-operation the colored leaders of today give to this program. Much remains to be done by the army and the social agencies co-operating with it, but this much they already have to their credit: Colored physicians are being engaged as lecturers to troops and civilians; special literature and exhibits are being- prepared; the interest of colored churches, fraternal organizations, societies, news papers, etc., is being enlisted; colored Y. M. C. A. huts with well-trained secretaries are in practically every camp; arrange 166 THE NEGRO AND THE RED CROSS 1 Marching in New Orleans, La. 2. A Colored Child Heads the Procession in New Haven, Conn, 3. Marching; in New York City, 167 THE CRISIS ments have been made for colored Y. W. C. A. hostess houses; colored community clubs are in operation or contemplated in every camp city where colored troops are stationed and plans are on foot to erect ultimately similar social centers in every extra cantonment city where there is a considerable colored population; recreation has been created and encouraged in many colored communities; colored organizations whose aim is vice repression and social hygiene education have been formed and stimulated in a number of Southern cities; clinical and hospitalization facilities have been provided for colored people in many cities; and places for the detention and rehabilitation of colored female offenders have been obtained in some. Colored people will realize the difficulties that have had to be overcome before many of these could be accomplished and, remembering the former almost complete absence of opportunities for education in social hygiene, of medical machinery and recreation facilities available for their use, and the discrimination in all matters relating to law enforcement, will recognize in this a not unreal achievement and an augury of better things shortly to follow. It was inevitable that at the beginning occasional abuses should occur, particularly in Southern cantonments, but colored people generally may be assured that no discrimination has been found that has not been sought to be corrected, that no pains will be spared by the War Department to prevent their recurrence, that every feasible plan for the improvement of the health and morals of colored troops will receive its most careful consideration, and that the constructive co-operation of colored people will be at all times cordially welcomed. A CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD By JOHN L . HARRISON DR. OLIVER FORWARD sat in his cozy office and gazed out upon the street. In striking contrast to the elements was the genial warmth of soul shining forth on the doctor's strong and handsome face. He held in his hand a letter and the message contained in that letter was embodied in one single word. It stared out at him from the white blankness of the last page with characteristic originality and it filled his heart with joy and caused a tender mist to dim his eyes. Six years before, Forward had come to Topeka, from Meharry, with his sheepskin, fifty dollars in money and an honorable record as a hard-working, brilliant student and investigator along original lines. His Alma Mater gave him his diploma with a summa cum laude, and bade him go forth and win a high place in the most honorable of professions. His work in Topeka had been singularly successful. He brought to bear all his determination and energy and builded a lucrative practice. The years flew by and his whole life had been bound up in his work, but of late he had felt the need of something else. from Los Angeles had visited at the home of one of his patients. They became friends at once and this friendship had ripened, as the months went by and she returned home, into something stronger. Many letters passed and the doctor, the week before our story opens, had penned a long letter in which he poured forth his hopes and aspirations and ended abruptly by asking for her hand. When he received her reply on this day and tore it open with feverish haste and saw nothing but the white paper, his heart was filled with dismay. He crushed it in his hand, threw it on the floor with an exclamation and gazed moodily at her picture in its little frame on his bookcase. Picking up the letter to thrust it into the fire, he turned it over and stopped abruptly. One word, the only thing in the letter, caught his eye and caused him to change from a statue of despair into a dancing idiot of joy; and that one word was "Come." No time did he lose. Transferring his patients to the hands of a fellow practitioner and making other necessary arrangements, the next day found him in the sta The summer before a charming maiden tion awaiting the train for Los Angeles. A CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD "Chair car just ahead, sir," said the porter briskly, as Forward started for the Pullman section. "Lower five," replied Forward carelessly, displaying the reservation. The porter gazed at him dubiously and without enthusiasm led the way aboard and showed him to the proper berth. His manner was a distinct apology to the other occupants of the car for this intrusion in their midst of a member of his own race as a fellow passenger. ''Why couldn't he go on up front where he belongs?" he mumbled to himself as he went out to the platform again. Left to himself, Forward removed his overcoat, extracted a traveling cap and a newspaper from his grip and settled down comfortably into his seat, aware of the fact that all eyes were turned in his direction. He paid no attention to the mild sensation he was creating, but quietly perused his paper. When supper time came, he lined up with the rest at the Fred Harvey eating house and was served without question. Returning to the car, he passed to the smoking compartment and lit a cigar. The other three occupants scrutinized him, but made no remarks; nor did he. He smoked on in silence and from time to time observed his neighbors furtively sizing him up. Dr. Forward was a man of striking personality. He was six feet two, of a dark complexion and stood very erect. He was an intense race man, quick to notice a slight and, possibly, overly sensitive as most colored people are. He was reserved in manner and seldom addressed a stranger unless spoken to first. Realizing the petty annoyances that colored people are subjected to in traveling, he resolved to attend strictly to his own business, but to resent any and all insults offered him. The next morning his fellow passengers began to thaw out and two or three of them spoke pleasantly to him. One nearsighted old lady, because of his general color scheme and seeing nothing but color, as is the weakness of whites, asked him to bring her a glass of water. He politely complied and handed it to her with a bow, while an amused smile of appreciation went around the car as the embarrassed old lady discovered her mistake. Later in the smoking room his three companions of yesterday did not examine him so intently as before. One remarked, looking at Forward, that eastern Colorado was a desolate country. When the Raton Mountains were reached and the heavy locomotives were attached, the three expiated upon the heavy machines and explained every-thin g elaborately. Forward, good naturedly, exhibited more curiosity than he felt, just to gratify that feeling of superiority a white man shows when imparting instruction to a black man. How laughable is his resentment when the conditions are reversed ! The second day passed and Forward was surprised that the race problem had not yet been broached by his three friends. He knew some phase of it would come sooner or later. As the day wore on his three white friends became quite neighborly and asked his opinion on various topics. The train was passing through western Arizona, a wild and desolate region, characterized by sand wastes and rocks, with purple jagged mountains swimming in the heated distance. To Forward, viewing it for the first time, the aspect was shocking. He had never conceived of such a desolate, sombre country. He shuddered in comparing it with the sunny, smiling prairies of his native Kansas. He voiced his thought THE CRISIS to his three companions and they assented with gloomy approbation. Finally one said to him: "May I ask what business you follow?" "Certainly," replied Forward. "I am a physician." "You will not take it as an impertinence, I hope, if I ask whether your practice is confined to your own race?" "Oh, no," said Forward. "I presume my practice is one-fifth white. The average man who is sick wants to get well and he care's nothing about the agency that brings that thing about. He is looking for results. The ethics of our profession demand that we respond to the needy and I try conscientiously to observe them to the letter. I am sorry to say that some physicians and dentists, too, make race and color the basis for a heartless discrimination." "Do I understand from that," asked one, "that some— er —white physicians and dentists refuse to treat patients because they happen to be of— er —your race?" "Most assuredly," answered Forward. "I have known cases where • He was interrupted by the hurried entrance of a gentleman into the smoking compartment, who, after a hasty glance around, addressing the three white men, said, "My daughter is very sick in the rear Pullman and is in urgent need of a physician! Do any of you follow the profession of medicine?" They all shook their heads and glanced at Forward, who remained silent. The gentleman disappeared without a glance in Forward's direction. "Why didn't you speak?" asked one, addressing the black man. "For the same reason that you three kept silent," answered he. "The man wants a white physician. Did you notice he never looked at me at all? No doubt there is a white doctor on the train and he will find him. I am rather thin skinned and I don't enjoy rebuffs." "But the ethics of your profession " "He did not ask me," returned Forward. "When he does, I will respond." The train crawled on and a silence fell upon the smokers. In about ten minutes the gentleman reappeared with a worried look on his face and this time, addressing Forward, said: "I can't find a doctor on the train anywhere. As I came back through this car I saw a bag with O. A. Forward, M.D., on it and the porter told me that it belonged to a colored man. Are you a doctor?" "Yes," replied Forward quietly. "Are you— er —can you—that is, will you come back and look at my daughter?" "Yes," replied Forward once more. The gentleman's look of relief was mingled with a vague doubt as he led the way out, all of which did not escape Forward's notice. After securing his medicine case, our friend followed the gentleman back through the cars. The quest for a doctor was known to all the passengers and as Forward appeared in the wake of the anxious parent, smiles and nudges greeted the pair from all sides. The girl was lying in a state room at the end of the last car and was apparently in great agony. Her mother was chaffing her feet, while two other lady passengers were bustling about. "My dear, I have found a doctor," announced the husband. "Thank goodness," exclaimed his wife, without looking up. Dr. Forward carefully examined the girl's condition and noted several symptoms. He then seized her wrist to feel the pulse, as the mother turned toward him for the first time and saw that he was colored. She sprang to her feet and exclaimed: "Do not touch my daughter. How dare you! She is not so seriously ill that I will ever consent to her being treated by a Negro. Are you crazy, Henry?" continued she, turning to her husband. "I am ashamed of you." Dr. Forward dropped the girl's hand and mute with anger, stalked out of the room. "How is the patient?" was the inquiry that greeted him as he reentered the smoking compartment. Before replying, he lighted a cigar, smoked for a moment, to calm his feelings, and then said quietly, "She is dying." A startled "What!" burst from them in chorus. "She has the worst case of acute indi gestion I ever saw." "And you, a physician, sitting here smoking," exploded one. "Where's all your vaunted ethics?" "Not so fast," said Forward imperturbably. "I was willing to do my best, but her A CHANCE TO MAKE GOOD mother turned me out." A look of intelligence flashed from one to another. "Good heavens! And does her mother know how serious the case is?" "She appears to be a woman of intelligence," said Forward, calmly. The others discussed the case excitedly, while our friend remained silent. He was a man of a deeply sensitive nature and had been cruelly hurt and wounded. Such things remained with him a long time and for this reason he had always maneuvered to avoid them; and now to have his trip spoiled by this selfish, prejudiced woman made him furious. A half hour passed and the father again appeared at the door. He said to Forward, his voice shaken with grief and emotion, "Sir, I wish to apologize for my wife's hasty and ill-advised action. She realizes the wrong done you and we beg that you come again with me. I fear my daughter is dying. Won't you come and help us?" "My dear sir," replied Forward, "I realize your feelings and appreciate your behest, but I must refuse. Your wife insulted and humiliated me without any cause whatever and I cannot go." "But it is a case of life and death," implored the man. "I am sorry, but I cannot go," and Forward looked out of the window. The man stood in silence for a moment regarding the doctor with an intent, strained face and then went out. "O, come now, Dr. Forward," exclaimed one, "you are in the wrong and it is your plain duty to alleviate distress. You ought to go. Suppose the conditions were reversed and it were your wife or sister." "You don't know what you are talking about," retorted Forward bitterly. "A young woman friend of mine, as pure a girl as is to be found in America, was taken deathly sick in a vile Jim Crow end of a train in Georgia and no doctor on the train would attend her " At this moment the curtains were pulled aside and the gentleman, with his wife, again appeared. She was the picture of grief and despair. Her eyes were red with weeping, her face drawn and haggard and her voice unsteady, as she spoke to Forward: "Oh, doctor, will you not overlook my thoughtlessness of a few minutes ago and come and try to save my poor girl? I cannot lose her, I cannot, I cannot! I beg your pardon for my harsh words. I was not used to it, you see." As she first spoke, Forward's face was hard and determined; but as she went on and poured forth her mother's heart, he gradually relented and it ended by him arising and saying, "Madam, I fear it is too late, but I will do my best." Dr. Forward got his medicine case. This time there were no smiles nor nudges, for the passengers knew of his former rebuff and of the dire need of his services now. He found the stricken girl in sore straits, with a feeble pulse and extremities growing cold. The spark of life was rapidly flickering out. His practiced eye told him that she had a fighting chance and he accepted the gauge of battle with death, with the keen relish of one who had fought often and achieved victory out of sheer defeat. Throwing off his coat, he aroused to action his two lady attendants by a few curt sentences. "We will save her yet," he said to them. Are you with me?" "We will do anything, doctor; just tell us." "Very well; some hot water from the diner immediately, one of you; the other loosen her clothing and chafe her feet. We must start the circulation, lessen the pain and relieve the stomach. I want, also, a flask of whiskey." While one flew to get the latter, Forward, with practiced dexterity, gave a hypodermic injection of morphia and began a brisk rubbing of the extremities. Hot applications were made and a hot whiskey and soda was forced down the patient's throat. Forward realized that here was an opportunity to demonstrate not only his own but his race's capabilities, so he determined to fight to the bitter end and win recognition. The whole train load of people was interested and watched in silence the terrific struggle of this despised black man, coping with the eternal mystery of death and dissolution. If he won, the merit would be all his; if he lost, oh well, had a white doctor been there things would have been different. Dr. Forward set his teeth and worked with superhuman energy. The mother and THE CRISIS father sat huddled in the front end of the car weeping, surrounded by sympathizing friends. Baffled for a moment by the lack of proper specifics for an emergency of this kind, Forward brought to bear all the fruits of his former researches. His two attendants looked on in amazement as he worked. They saw despair written on his face as the vital spark fell lower and lower steadily, refusing to kindle at his ministrations. And then finally, after a heart-breaking period, they saw hope beginning to light his eye, and they redoubled their efforts in response to his low spoken exclamation of joy. The color began to come back to the pale cheeks of the patient. Her eyelids commenced to flutter and finally opened in wonder and amazement upon the dark face bending over her. She drew away and gazed at him in perplexity and fear. Dr. "Forward stood up and smiled; he could afford to, for he had won! Waiting a reasonable length of time to make assurance doubly sure, he bade the two women continue their work, put on his coat and made his way to the parents. Every eye in the car was rivetted on his face, seeking to read the message he bore. The mother gazed at him in dread, as he stood before her with a grave air and the native dignity that was his own. The train had stopped and every word carried distinctly to all parts of the car. "Madam," he said simply, 'I have given you back your child." The mother sprang to her feet, seized his hand impulsively in both her own and wrung it, while the tears streamed down her face. "I thank you," she said. "Oh, I thank you from my heart," and rushed to where her daughter lay. Dr. Forward explained briefly the fight he had made, to the crowding passengers, and then went on to his car. The news had spread and as he walked down the aisles he was greeted with applause that was spontaneous and kindly. It confused and embarrassed him and he was glad to escape into the smoking compartment of his own car. His three friends shook his hand. It does not concern us to tell of the subsequent happenings aboard the train before Los Angeles was reached, how the parents with the daughter came to him and publicly thanked him, or how the mother assured him that never, never, so long as she lived would she ever, ever, etc., etc. Suffice it to say that Forward's wedding day was, indeed, a happy one; and that among the presents was a mysterious check of substantial proportions which bore the signature of one of Los Angeles' multimillionaires. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People RESULTS OF THE DRIVE. IN last month's issue of THE CRISIS par-. tial results of the Moorfield Storey Drive were given. Because many of the branches were late in getting started, the time for closing the Drive was extended to May 31. Returns have been coming in to headquarters through the whole month of June, and it is now possible to give a fuller report than was given last month. Even so, the final figures cannot yet be given, because the impetus of the Drive has not expended itself. Additional memberships are still being received by nearly all the branches of the Association, and the indications are that there will be steady increases to report through the balance of the year. Our present figures are 35,888 members distributed among 117 active branches, 32 of the latter being new branches organized during the Drive. Below is given a list of branches with the total number of paid up members to July 1 in the old Branches: Albuquerque, N.M 96 Athens, Ga 31 Atlanta, Ga 17 5 Augusta, Ga 66 Ealtimore, Md 325 Baltimore County, Md 26 Boston, Mass 2553 Buffalo, N. Y '. 85 Camden, N. J 42 Charleston, S. C 568 Chicago, Ill 1185 Cincinnati. Ohio 474 Cleveland, Ohio 874 Columbia. S. C. 65 173 N. A. A. C. P. Columbus Ohio 500 Danville, Ill 17 Danville, Va 163 Dayton, Ohio 840 Decatur, Ill 160 Denver, Colo 261 Detroit, Mich. 964 Des Moines, Iowa 360 Dist. of Columbia 6906 Durham, N, C 37 East St. Louis, Ill 17 El Paso, Tex 70 Evansville, Ind 21 Gary, Ind 60 Greensboro, N. C 46 Harnsburg Pa 97 Hartford, Conn 198 Indianapolis, Ind 425 Jacksonville, Fla. 483 Johnstown, Pa 200 Kansas City, Kan "... 640 Kansas City, .Mo 146 Key West, Fla. 123 Lincoln University. Pa 45 Los Angeles Cal 175 Louisville, Ky ; 1431 Macon, Ga 100 Maywood, Ill 55 Memphis, Tenn 924 Minneapolis Minn 636 Moline, Ill 77 Montclair, N. J 34 Muskogee, Okla 48 Newark, N. J 58 New Bedford, Mass 385 New Haven, Conn 135 New Orleans, La 410 New York, N. V 1237 North California. Cal 927 Norfolk Va 31 Oberlin, Ohio 72 Oklahoma City, Okla 40 Orange, N. J 78 Peoria, Ill 156 Philadelphia, Pa 802 Pittsburgh, Pa 840 Portland, Oregon 72 Portsmouth, Va 37 Providence, R. I. 766 Quincy, Ill 64 Raleigh, N. C 32 Richmond, Va 353 Savannah, Ga 78 Seattle. Wash 106 Shreveport 78 Springfield Ill 140 Springfield, Mo 28 Springfield, Mass 325 Springfield, O. 208 St. Louis, Mo 1015 St. Paul, Minn 245 Syracuse, N. Y 79 Tampa, Fla 132 Toledo, Ohio 500 Topeka, Kan - 50 Toronto, Canada 40 Trenton, N. J. 35 Va. Union Univ., Va 20 Washington. Pa 265 Wilmington. Del 270 York. Pa 60 32,296 Members at large (est.) 1,000 Members, new branches 2,592 Total membership 35,888 The number of new branches reported in last month's issue of THE CRISIS was twenty, with a membership of 1593. Up to July 1 the number of new branches or ganized increased to thirty-two, with a membership of 2,592. The list of new branches with their membership is as fol lows: Adrian, Mich. 30 Akron, Ohio 106 Ashcville, N. C 48 Bluefield, W. Va 25 Charleston, W. Va 57 Charlottesville, Va 46 Cheney, Pa 76 Darlington, S. C 25 Evanston, Ill 26 Fayetteville, N. C 46 Fort Worth, Texas 117 Fort Wayne, Ind 25 Greene County, Ohio Branch 460 Houston, Texas 176 Isthmian, C. Z. Panama 30 Lincoln, Neb 64 Lorain, Ohio 25 Lynchburg, Va 74 Ottumwa, Iowa 41 Roanoke, Va 52 Rocky Mount, N. C 36 Sacramento, Cal 51 Salt Lake City, Utah 36 San Antonio, Texas 503 San Jose, Cal 60 Stockton, Cal 79 Vallejo, Cal 74 Venice, Cal 25 Vicksburg, Miss 27 Western Uni.. Kansas City Kan 30 Wheeling, W. Va 52 Winston-Salem, N. C 80 2,592 These thirty-two new branches with approximately 2,600 members represent more than what is indicated by the mere figures. They represent a spontaneous growth of the Association; that is, their organization resulted from a desire and determination on the part of the people in each of these communities to have a branch of the Association. Each of these communities, realizing the need of a branch of the Association, made voluntary application and perfected the organization of a local branch without any assistance from the National Office, except what was furnished by correspondence. Another significant consideration in connection with these new branches is the wide territory which they cover; they reach from Michigan to Texas and from Virginia to California. This shows that the newly awakened interest in the National Association is not local or sectional, but is nation-wide. New branches are still being voluntarily formed all over the country, and there will be additional ones to report in the next issue of THE CRISIS. GROWTH OF THE ASSOCIATION. THE call which resulted in the forma tion of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People was issued on February 12, 1909, the centennial anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's birth, but it was not until 1911 that the organ THE CRISIS ization was incorporated and chartered. In 1911 there were three branches, located at New York, Chicago and Boston; the New York Branch was known as the Vigilance Committee and did a great deal of active work in the prosecution of all infringements of the legal rights of colored people. The president of the branch was Major J. E. Spingarn. In 1912 there were ten branches, located in the following cities: Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Detroit, District of Columbia, Indianapolis, Kansas City, New York, Quincy, and Tacoma. From 1913 the Association began to take on real national proportions; in that year there were 24 branches. In 1914 there were 54 branches. The number of branches did not increase in 1915, but in 1916 they increased to 72. In 1917 there were 96, and at present there are 117. The number of branches, the large membership, and the territory which the branches cover, make the Association truly a national organization; indeed, an international organization, because there are branches both in Canada and on the Isthmus of Panama. But as great as has been the growth of the National Association, it must be made greater. Instead of 100 branches, and 36,000 members, there ought to be 1,000 branches and 500,000 members. When the times comes that there are 500,000 earnest people in this country united in the determination that the colored people shall have equal justice, equal opportunity and all the rights of common democracy, prejudice will not be able to summon enough power to defeat or delay them. Help to bring this time on by organizing a live and active branch of the Association in your community. TOURS OF THE SECRETARY DURING THE DRIVE. DURING the Drive period and in the month of June following the Secretary and Field Secretary made several tours, speaking before as many of the branches as they could reach. The Acting Chairman of the Board, Miss Mary White Ovington, made occasional addresses and the Assistant Secretary spoke at a few points. April 11-15 the Secretary was in the central part of the country and in Tennessee, the principal occasion of the Secretary's tour at this time being his desire to visit Tennessee, notable for the number of lynchings accompanied by burnings which had occurred in that state and the organization as a result of these atrocities of the Tennessee Law and Order League in March. This Law and Order League, "organized to combat lawlessness in all its forms, and especially mob violence," was the outgrowth of the organization on February 24, of a Law and Order League at Nashville, Tenn. Ninety-six of the leading citizens of that southern city called "upon our fellow citizens of this city and of Tennessee to join us in an effort to bring about the development of a sound public opinion that will lead to the more vigorous enforcement of existing laws and to the enactment of whatever new laws may be necessary for securing justice and main taining law and order." On April 14 the Secretary addressed a meeting of about 2500 in Church's Audito rium at Memphis, Tenn., at which time was launched the vigorous campaign of the Memphis Branch which has resulted in a membership of 924 in that city. While in Memphis the Secretary availed himself of an invitation extended by a com mittee on co-operation with Negroes of the Memphis Chamber of Commerce to meet with that committee at luncheon on Satur day, April 13. The Secretary addressed the committee on the subject, "Why Negro Labor Leaves the South." The Secretary took as his text three points made by the Secretary of the Interior Lane in a striking address delivered early in April at the Americanization Confer ence at Washington attended by a dis tinguished audience, among whom were many governors, including the Governor of Tennessee. Secretary Lane on that occa sion asserted as his first point that it was time for the American people to put their "heads to the problem as to what are the initial steps in bringing about that harmony within our country which will give if mean ing, purpose and cohesion." His second point was that "blood alone does not con trol the destiny of man, that out of his environment, his education, the food that he eats, the neighbors that he has, the work that he does, there can be an ideal, a spirit, N. A. A. formed and realized, which will master his blood." Secretary Lane's third point was that "when our sons return they should find a new spirit in America, a deeper insight into the problems of a striving people." The Secretary (of the N. A. A. C. P.) took as the central point of his address, that the problems of the Negroes of America and their relations to other Americans must be viewed in the light, as Secretary Lane puts it, of the "problems of a striving people." The Secretary discussed the relation between Negro illiteracy in the South and the disproportionate appropriations for the education of colored children, quoting on the one hand the very considerable reduction in Negro illiteracy from 70 per cent in 1880 to a little more than 30 per cent in 1910, and showing the relation between the existing illiteracy and the facts as shown by the United States Bureau of Education Report on Negro Education, that in the sixteen Southern States and the District of Columbia, an average of $10.32 per child per annum was paid for teaching white children as against an average of $2.89 for colored children; that Negro school children constitute 30 per cent of the school population of the South and receive 18 per cent of the public education funds; that the relative appropriations for the teaching of colored children in the South decrease in proportion to the density of colored population so that in communities in which colored children constitute from 50 to 75 per cent of the population, the re lative share of teachers' salaries per an num per child is from $12.53 to $22.22 for teachers of white children, and $1.77 and $1.78 for teachers of Negro children. The Secretary pointed out that the figures on Negro illiteracy showed that Negroes pro fited by education and attributed the ex isting illiteracy to the lack of opportunity for education and poverty. The Secretary dealt also with economic reasons for the migration of Negro laborers from the South, discussing relative wages, the credit system in rural districts, and the inequities resulting from prevalent customs in that region. It was pointed out that the trend northward is a part of that trend toward the city, which is a universal fact affecting all labor. The causes behind a higher death rate of Negroes were C. P. 175 given as lower wages, poorer housing, and similar adverse social conditions. It was pointed out by the Secretary that the Ne gro death rate had been decreased in pro portion to improved sanitary and living conditions. The greater factors affecting the Negro's migration were alleged by the Secretary to be found in the things that afford or deny him the deep human satis faction of life as more than meat and rai ment. These, the Secretary said, were the Negro's unsatisfied and unwelcomed yearn ings for spiritual and mental participation in the life of the South, described in Sec retary Lane's words as "the problems of a striving people." Lynching, petty police persecution, the "Jim-Crow" Car, neglect of all public utilities affecting Negroes, de nial of access to parks, playgrounds, and the assumption of superior status by any white man, however ignorant, over any Negro, however educated, were alluded to as the greater factors of the Negro's dis content. The Secretary's address was received by the committee of the Memphis Chamber of Commerce with varying degrees of disapproval. The net results, however, the Secretary believes to have been good, as evidenced particularly by communications received from at least one Memphis citizen who is deeply concerned that the more outstanding injustices against colored people be mitigated. On several occasions when lynchings have occurred in Tennessee, communications have been received by the National Office from that state expressive of the disapproval of the best citizens of Tennessee of this form of lawlessness. On April 11 the Secretary addressed a large mass meeting at Columbus. On the afternoon of the 12th he met with about twenty-five leading members of the Cincinnati Branch. On the 15th, at 6 P. M., he met with the officers and team workers of the Louisville Branch at a dinner meeting at the Y. M. C. A., and in the evening addressed a meeting which taxed the capacity of the Fifth Street Baptist Church. On the 17th the Secretary jumped to New Haven, Conn., and addressed a meeting at Center Church House. On April 30 ho spoke at the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church at Washington, D. C. Despite a heavy rain the meeting was well attended. THE CRISIS On May 3, 4 and 5 the Secretary took a short tour, speaking at the Spingarn Medal Award meeting at Providence, R. I., on the 3rd, at the Independent Congregation Church (white) at Gloucester, Mass., one of the founders of which was a colored man, on the 4th, and on May 5 with President Storey at a meeting at the People's Baptist Church, Boston. This meeting was so largely attended that people were standing all around the sides of the church and back in the vestry. On May 29-31 the Secretary attended the Great Lakes District Conference at Springfield, Ohio, and on June 2 spoke in Cleveland, O. On the afternoon of the 3rd he spoke at Wilberforce and in the evening at Xenia, O.; on the 4th at Dayton, and on the 5th at Cincinnati. The Dayton Branch, which was practically moribund at the beginning of the Drive, now has a membership of 249. Wilberforce and Xenia are the two principal points from which the menrbership of the new Greene County, O., Branch of 450 members has been recruited. At Wilberforce the Secretary had a delightful day with Colonel Charles Young, the faculty, and students of the University. THE FIELD SECRETARY'S TOURS. THE Field Secretary made three tours between the dates, March 14 and June 27. Beginning March 14, he visited the branches at New Haven, Conn., New Bedford, Mass., Providence, R. I., Boston, Mass., Springfield, Mass., East Orange, N. J., Philadelphia, Pa., Baltimore, Md. At New Haven, Providence, Boston, Springfield, and East Orange he met only with the officers and executive committees of the branches and talked over with them plans and methods for making the Drive a success. At New Bedford, Philadelphia and Baltimore large public meetings were held, in addition to conferences with the officers and executive committees of those branches. The public meeting at New Bedford was held in the auditorium of the library; at Philadelphia and Baltimore the Field Sec retary addressed several large meetings in churches in both cities. On April 12 the Field Secretary began a tour of western branches. His first stop was at Johnstown, Pa., where he met with the officers and members of the branch and talked over plans for the Drive, and also spoke at a public meeting held in one of the churches. His next stop was at Pittsburgh. In Pittsburgh on Sunday, April 14, he spoke at three churches, and on the following day addressed the Methodist Ministers' Union and the Baptist Ministers' Union; in talking to the ministers he spoke especially of the importance and necessity of their full co-operation with the Association in its work. Thirty-one of the ministers became members of the Association, following the address and co-operated in the Drive campaign. During the week he met with the officers and executive committee, and addressed three other public meetings held under the auspices of the branch. On Thursday night, April 19, he addressed a meeting of the branch at Washington, Pa. It is gratifying to note the growth of the branches in these two smaller Pennsylvania cities, Johnstown and Washington, which were organized less than a year ago. • Before the Drive the Johnstown Branch had a membership of 53, which has been increased to 200; the Washington branch had a membership of 55, which has been increased to 265. From Pittsburgh the Field Secretary went to Cleveland where he spent three days. On Sunday in Cleveland he spoke at three churches and also addressed a large public meeting held by the branch. On the next night he addressed another public branch meeting, and on the following day spoke before the Ministers' Alliance. He also met with the officers and executive committee of the Cleveland branch and went over plans for the Drive. On the way to Chicago the Field Secretary stopped at Toledo, Ohio, and Gary, Indiana, and addressed public meetings held by the branches in those two cities. In Chicago the Field Secretary met with the officers of the branch and co-workers in the Drive, and spoke at two large public meetings held under the auspices of the branch. He also addressed the Political Equality League, at the Congress Hotel; the City Club, at a noon luncheon; the School of Civics and Philanthropy, and the Phalanx Club, at the Y. M. C. A. The Phalanx Club responded with one hundred paid applica tions for membership in the Association. While in Chicago the Field Secretary went N. A. A. C. P. out to Camp Grant at Rockford and ad dressed the colored soldiers there. In Indianapolis the Field Secretary met with the officers and executive committee_ of the branch, and organized the forces for the Drive; he also spoke at three churches on Sunday, and addressed a public meeting held by the branch. The Indianapolis Branch had been quiescent for more than two years, but during the Drive increased its membership from 21 to 425. At St. Louis the Field Secretary held two meetings with the officers and co-workers in the Drive. On the Sunday in St. Louis he spoke at five churches. In addition he addressed the Women's Council of Defense, the Ministers' Union, and spoke at four other meetings. From St. Louis the Field Secretary went to Kansas City, Mo. On Sunday in Kansas City he spoke at four churches and addressed two large public meetings, one in the auditorium of the high school and the other at the Y. M. C. A. Before leaving he met with the officers and Drive workers of the Kansas City, Kan., branch and also addressed a large public meeting in that city. On Monday night, May 21, the Field Secretary spoke in the Kansas City Auditorium before the National Conference of Social Work. His assigned subject was "The Changing Status of Negro Labor"; however, he took advantage of the opportunity in speaking to so large an audience from every section of the United States to point out the many other changes which the status of the Negro is undergoing and to make a plea for justice and equal opportunity and a full share in the common democracy which is now being fought for the world. (A former president of the Conference wrote the Secretary that this address made a profound impression upon the Conference and was one of the most eloquent pleas he had ever heard. J. R. S.) The Field Secretary then started back east, stopping off at St. Louis, where he addressed two public meetings and spoke to the Elks in their lodge room on May 22, and at Indianapolis, where he met with the officers of the branch and workers in the Drive the following night. On May 27 the Field Secretary left for the South to make the annual address at the A. &amp; M. College at Tallahassee, Fla. While in the South he met with the officers and executive committees of branches and addressed public branch meetings in the following cities: Jacksonville, Savannah, Atlanta and Tampa. One of the Jacksonville meetings at which the Field Secretary spoke and read one of his poems by special invitation of the committee in charge, was that held under the auspices of the Jacksonville Liberty Loan Committee to mark the presentation of an "honor flag" to the colored people of Jacksonville, for having purchased $290,000 worth of Liberty bonds in the Third Liberty Loan Drive. He also organized new branches at Albany, Ga., and St. Augustine, Fla. GREAT LAKES DISTRICT CONFERENCE THE third annual Great Lakes District Conference of the N. A. A. C. P. was held in Springfield, O., May 29, 30 and 31, and was notable for the enthusiasm of the gathering, for the constructive suggestions made, and for the assistance rendered the Springfield Branch in securing new members (157 were secured at the meeting), and instilling new life and an increased spirit of service into its members. At the business meetings of the Conference there was much intelligent discussion as to ways and means of promoting the objects of the N. A. A. C. P. Perhaps the chief contribution in this respect was taken at the meeting on May 31 when, after considerable discussion, a committee on plan and scope was organized, the function of this committee being to develop a working program which would knit into closer relations the various branches composing the Great Lakes District Conference. One aspect of this program is to be an arrangement for an interchange of speakers between the branches and for the organization of new branches in all the cities within the District where there are not branches of the N. A. A. C. P. The committee is to be composed of the Presidents of all existing branches within the territory covered by the Conference. Counting the branches formed since the Drive, the Great Lakes District Conference has now fifteen branches within its borders: Adrian and Detroit, Mich.; Akron, Dayton, Cleveland, Columbus, Green e County, Springfield, O., Lorain, Toledo and Oberlin, Ohio; Buffalo, N. Y.; Pittsburgh, Washington, and Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The Looking Glass LITERATURE. MAY 27 was the fifty-fifth anniversary of the assault on Port Hudson by the '•Black Regiment." The Boston Post republishes Boker's poem on the occasion: "Freedom!" their battle cry— "Freedom! or leave to die!" Ah! and they meant the word, Not as with us 'tis heard, Not a mere party shout: They gave their spirits out; Trusted the end to God, And on the gory sod Rolled in triumphant blood. Glad to strike one free blow, Whether for weal or woe; Glad to breathe one free breath, Though on the lips of death; Praying—alas! in vain ! That they might fall again, So they could once more see That burst to liberty! This was what "freedom" lent, To the black regiment. Negro music may win the war. The Musical Observer quotes these letters from an enlisted Harvard man to his father: In a letter describing the trip across occurs the following: "For the first few days the colored troops of longshoremen sang their fascinating 'blue music,' which is, as you know, a spontaneous product of the singer. One of their songs was an unconsciously humorous, but doleful lay, which told of the war in general. The chorus rolled out, and, after the listeners got the spirit of the thing, they must have divined in this weird melody the singer's interpretation, in music, of the chaos of this struggle and the inevitable participation of the individual, however high or low his station. Heard for the first time it would make your blood run cold. You may well imagine the effect upon one who is trained to respond to symphonies of whatever nature." And in a letter of April 9, he wrote: "In the cook-sheds last night the colored soldiers were singing one of their quaint plantation melodies. The whole bunch sits around and the banjo or mandolin is strummed constantly, while some one takes up the song. Then the entire chorus joins in the refrain and the next" verse begins. I have heard them create verses, that is, out of their own minds, and extemporaneously incorporate them into the song, something like the Italian improvisatore of old. The music of the Negro suggests the Hawaiian, but is different, and has a distant resemblance (or fetching back) to the war songs of their wild African ancestors. These Negroes are finely disciplined gentlemanly soldiers, well fitted for their work." The Pittsburgh Dispatch says of dancing: Dancing began as a religious rite, became educational, and finally took the popular form which it has held through the centuries to our time. Among modern peoples, the English, French, Germans and Spanish led in the development of new and graceful movements, and the United States has had the whole world of rhythmic motion to copy. The United States, however, like every other Nation, has added something to the general stock, as, in fact, have all the republics of the Western Hemisphere. Here, as in the production of melody racy of the soil, the Negro has been an important contributor, while the Virginia reel was to the colonies and to the young democracy what the lancers was to the mother country. The Negro invented the "cake walk," as dignified and stately a movement as any ever composed by masters of the art, not even excepting the minuet, which had long preceded, or any of the twentieth century strides, glides, or trots that succeeded it. The Pan American Magazine is publishing a series of poems in English with Spanish translation. James Weldon Johnson and Leslie Pinckney Hill have had their work used. OVER THERE. GENEROUS praise is coming to our soldiers. W. S. McNutt tells in Collier's of Negros volunteering for stevedore work in France ten days after they had arrived in camp: Come with me to an officers' mess hall the next day. There is a shout outside: "Hey! Look what's coming!" We step outside. Down the road, thump, thump, thump, thump, comes that same battalion of Negro soldiers in full marching order. These soldiers from the mills and cotton fields are on their way to France. The whole camp knows it; the whole camp is grave, quiet. Thump, thump, thump, thump! There is no sound in all that great cantonment save the beat of marching feet and the creaking of packs. The black men know they are on their way abroad. They are a solemn looking lot. A minister steps out to the edge of the embankment overlooking the road down which the troops are marching, and calls out shakily: "Good bye, boys! God bless you! God take care of you, boys!" Silence but for the shuffle and thump of booted feet on the roadway. The rollicking, syncopated songs of yesterday were forgotten. A soft, drawling, quavering voice somewhere in the marching ranks began the hymn: "Will There Be Any Stars in My Crown?" Others took it up, and 178 THE LOOKING GLASS to the words and music of the old church song those black boys tramped their solemn way out of camp to put their bodies to the chance of war on a foreign soil. They may not have known much about the history of the German nation. Czars and Kaisers may not have been any more real to their minds than ghosts and goblins. It is probable that the majority of them knew very little of the intricacies of Balkan politics. But, believe me, they knew that they were going to a dangerous place. They were not leaving with any idea of enjoying a pleasure picnic. They knew! I know very little of the rights and wrongs of what is spoken of as the Negro problem of the South; I believe that whatever the rights and wrongs of it may be it will prove much easier of adjustment after this war is over. A staff correspondent of the New York Times tells of a colored regiment which he watched in France: The regiment's inspiration to great deeds on the front was explained to me by a Negro Lieutenant. "One of my men came to me several days ago," he said, "and asked me why I had joined the army. He reminded me that I was above draft age and he wanted me to tell him what I was fighting for. I told him I was fighting for what the flag meant to the Negroes in the United States. I told him I was fighting because I wanted other oppressed people to know the meaning of democracy and enjoy it. I told him that millions of Americans fought for four years for us Negroes to get it and now it was only right that we should fight for all we were worth to help other people get the same thing. "We are supposed to have had equal rights for fifty years now, but many times we have thought that those rights have been denied us, and many times it has been held that we have never done anything to deserve them. "I told him that now is our opportunity to prove what we can do. If we can't fight and die in this war just as bravely as white men, then we don't deserve an equality with white men, and after the war we had better go back home and forget about it all. But if we can do things on the front; if we can make ourselves felt; if we can make America really proud of th? Ole th, then I am sure it will be the biggest possible step toward our equalization as citizens. That is what I told him, and I think he understood me. The whole [censored] has the same spirit." And so the strife for distinction has been inculcated to the ranks of the Old (cen sored). The men are looking forward to being known as the "Black Devils," the same as the Chasseurs have earned the right to the "Blue Devil" nickname. These Negro officers and men have tasted a new equality since arriving in France. In the village square of a small hamlet serving as headquarters I saw them mingling on the easiest terms with the most cultivated French officers. And as officers they carry out their bearing in their personal appearance. Among no American officers in France now, even the nattiest, whose habitat is at G. H. Q., far from the dust and mud of the camps, have I seen more highly polished shoes and leathers or better pressed uniforms. Pride in the wearing of clothes is something which these Negro officers did not have to learn from orders. A TRANSFORMED RACE. TH E rapid evolution going on within the colored people is being noted from many different angles. Isobel Field writes for the Vigilantes•' There is a personage nearer home that we must be prepared to lose, Mistah Johnston, the Darktown Coon. He is no more. Gradually there has appeared in his place a stern young American, trained and alert, musket in hand. There is no hyphen to his name. His forefathers were Africans, but he is loyal United States. When the colored troops marched down Fifth Avenue for the last time before going to France, the newspapers reported that they were given a "tumultuous ovation." As a matter of fact, there was little cheering. The dense masses that lined the sidewalks and filled the windows and hanging balconies looked on in growing wonder. Here and there a patter of gloved hands or a "bravo" was drowned in the beat of drums and the tramp of many feet. The sight of the long, long line of khaki-clad figures marching like clock-work; the strange grim faces that might have been cast in bronze—eyes straight ahead, with not a side-glance or a gleam of white teeth; company after company led by smart, soldierly colored officers, all on their way to the battle-front, was too awe-inspiring for noise. The crowds gave them the deeper homage of breathless surprised silence. They had come to applaud Mr. Johnston and beheld in his place a bold young warrior who commanded their respect and admiration. The Committee on Public Information in Washington has sent out a news item which tells us that: A chance for leadership—one full of immense potentialities—has come to the colored race of this country. It has been given him to lead the native of Africa into the light of the new day that is dawning for him. Max Yergan was the first colored Y. M. C. A. secretary sent to serve with the British troops in South Africa. Before he had been in the field lone, General Van de Vanter, Commander of the British forces, wired to ask for more of Yergan's race to help in the work. Already some THE CRISIS of these have gone to the front and others are to follow. The loyalty of the African Negro to the colors is touching. As soon as the morale of the service grips him, as soon as he finds himself a part of the great machine moving forward to free the world, his pride and sense of partnership in the business make immediate response. The function of the American Negro in the education of his native brother is partly, at least, to bridge the gap between the African and the white races. The chance is given him to play a potent part in the transformation of the tribes. The African is looking to him for help. It cannot be doubted that the energy and ambition of the American Negro, hitherto at a disadvantage in this country for obvious reasons, will spend themselves largely in this new tremendous field of service thrust upon him by the war. F. H. Jeter in the Baltimore, Md., Manufacturers' Record writes of work among Negro boys and girls of North Carolina: During the years 1916-17, 3,398 members have been enrolled in the various phases of the Negro club work. In the Negro poultry club work the members have reported 9,492 eggs laid, 5,427 set, 4,511 hatched, 4,015 chicks raised. The market value of these at the time reported amounted to $2,293. During the same two years the boys produced 25,934 bushels of corn, valued at approximately $40,000. Nine boys made between 100 and 125 bushels; 8, between 90 and 100; 12, between 80 and 90; 12, between 75 and 80; 34, between 60 and 75; 60, between 50 and 60, and 36, between 40 and 50 bushels. During the two years the work has been under way the agent has held 198 conferences, wrote 49 circular-letters, mailed 58,200 letters, 7,558 official cards, 8,904 bulletins, wrote 29 articles for the newspapers, 4,984 personal letters, traveled 25.000 miles, held 226 meetings and addressed 94,874 people. For this work the Government has spent about $3,000. Total value of products reported, $42,293. The net income to the State is $39,293 for the two years' work. Only about one-third of the members reported. This does not include the effect upon the adult farmers, who claim that by reason of the club work they have increased their agricultural production along all lines. This is the result of the general stimulus caused by the momentum of this great movement. The Buffalo Times notes a fine, new spirit of courtesy among Negroes: In all the cities where there is a large colored population, this custom seems to prevail among these people, that if a colored man sees a colored woman standing in a street car, he rises and gives her his seat, if he has one. Furthermore, he makes way for her to pass him whenever occasion arises to show her this courtesy and consideration. Invariably the colored woman expresses grateful appreciation in return. All this is very elevating and useful. It not only cultivates finer manners and finer feelings among those of the colored race, but it inspires greater respect for them among people of the white race. This respect is in itself twofold—first, because such course of conduct is eminently worthy of respect; and, secondly, because it suggests a certain solidarity of sympathy and mutual interest, to be reckoned with in the human equation. The first is ethical, the second is practical; and in view of the problems confronting the colored people in their struggles upward, the practical feature may have the more immediate utility. The moment any race respects itself, that moment it wins the respect of all other races! And the moment it respects itself, that moment it begins to live up to self-respect. From Danville, Va., comes this plain speech from the editor of a white radical paper, The Battle Ax: To any unprejudiced man or woman that has had an opportunity of even a slight acquaintance it is not necessary for me to tell them that Danville has many intelligent, progressive, worthy colored people who not only try to improve themselves, but are trying to build up their race. In fact, taking all things into consideration, the colored race, if we are to judge by the part of it living in this section, has made wonderful progress. People who do not know this should get acquainted with some of our best colored people, while those who are so blinded by prejudice that they think that intelligence and real worth cannot be found in a man or woman with a dark skin had better look sharp, lest while they are proudly boasting of their superiority they awake from their silly dream to find themselves left in the cold by the colored people who have improved their opportunities and forged ahead. And when we consider the worthiness of the colored people of this city, we would blush with shame were we to blame for the living conditions they have to put up with. Pushed off in the hills and hollows, where even the commonest sanitation is out of the question, while as for improving their streets—why whoever gives a thought to improving a street for the colored people? THE PROTEST OF A NATION. FOR two years an unfortunate coincidence has made it necessary for THE CRISIS to spoil its annual Education Number with a story of crime. This year we could not bring ourselves to do it, but sent our July Number out with but the merest note of lynchings in Georgia. Happily the event has proved that our secret hope was not THE LOOKING GLASS unfounded. Never before has there come from the country and particularly from the white South such strong and unbending protest against lynching. The Augusta, Ga., Chronicle, writing in the midst of the outbreak and citing the colored heroes in France and the buying of Thrift Stamps by Georgia Negroes, says: In the meantime, the "man hunt" near Valdosta goes on; the body of the latest victim being tied to an automobile and dragged along the road to the scene of his crime—or alleged crime, as the case may be. Did we say real Georgians "blush" for .heir state? Rather, do they weep for her! Yes, more; they fear for her future un der such conditions of lawlessness. For Negroes—"good Negroes"—will not remain in a county, or a state, where they are in constant dread of a visit from the mob. The result has been—as The Chronicle predicted, some years ago—that more and more Negroes are leaving Georgia for the North every year and every month. Can we not realize what this means: what it will involve for this state, in the end? Even if we are disposed to take only a "practical" view of it—rather than a humanitarian view—what will we do for labor when the Negroes all leave? We wouldn't like it very much if mobs in various counties were engaged in killing the farmers' mules, or running them off. We would soon rise and put down such mobs. Do we value our mules more than we do our Negroes? Even under slavery, the latter were held at from five to ten times the price of a mule. And they are much more valuable now. The Little Rock, Ark., Gazette writes: The reason there are lynchings is that lynchings are tolerated. We may well believe that the day is coming when the nation, as represented by the United States government, will not tolerate lynchings. And the first time the federal government hangs some lynchers, or sends to the penitentiary for life some men who have been guilty of mob violence, the lynching busi ness is going into a decline. The Atlanta, Ga., Constitution says: What happened? Six or seven lynchings of Negroes, and the real offender the last of the lot! The others were suspects—some, perhaps, guilty; some, perhaps not! And one of the number was a woman, who was strung up and her body riddled with bullets because she had severely commented upon the drastic punishment suffered by her husband, who was among those lynched as a suspect the day before! It develops now that two days before the Governor ordered out troops to quell a threatened insurrection, he had communicated with the officers of the counties in volved, asking them if in their opinion it would not be wise to send troops to meet a possible emergency What is Georgia going to do to put an end to this constantly recurring disgrace of mob violence! Are we going to handle it ourselves, or wait until the federal government steps in and handles it for us? We must either act ourselves, or be pre pared for the federal government to do so —for the civilized people of this country are not going to indefinitely tolerate such primitive barbarities, in Illinois, Georgia, or any other state! The Birmingham, Ala., News says: While America is fighting Germany so that the world may be made safe for de mocracy, safe for the decencies of life, safe for women and children, safe for law and order, it is a bit incongruous, to put it mildly, that these Georgia citizens have resorted to methods of the Blond Beast. They are crazy, not merely criminal. When they kill the bodies of Negroes, they are committing moral and spiritual suicide on themselves. They hurt themselves more than the victims of their wrath. They per vert and prostitute whatever good that lies within them. They become more dead than the bodies of black citizens riddled with bullets. These Negroes were citizens. One of them was a woman. The guilt of none had been proved. No attempt was made to bring the first suspect to swift trial. The mob, instead, "swept by the expostulating sheriff and deputies, who pleaded that they should wait until guilt was determined, battered down the jail doors, rushed to the cell where Jim Cobb, a Negro, was held on suspicion of having committed the crime." Later, he was taken from an automobile, dragged to a tree and hanged; hundreds of bullets then pierced the body of a man "held on suspicion." For three days much of the same mob spirit that prevailed last year at East St. Louis guided the frenzied citizens of Valdosta and Cordele, until martial law was declared. Now such order reigns in Georgia as reigns on the Japanese coast after a typhoon has passed. How shall these damnable atrocities be stopped? Only by the proper sort of education. Only by the widespread opinion that murder is murder, wherever it is found; whether by the German airmen slaying Red Cross nurses back of American lines or by mobs in Georgia dragging suspected Negroes out of prison and hanging them. The Memphis, Tenn., Commercial Appeal says: At Osceola, Ark., on a recent Sunday, the Negroes had a Red Cross celebration and contributed $2,685 cash money to the cause. 182 THE The morning paper carried a story of a lynching of four Negroes in Georgia. One of them was a woman. We have got to stop this lynching business in the United States. Any sort of disorder now, involving a loss of life or a riot, heartens our enemies. The leaders in Germany announce to their people that we are barbarians, that the country is in a state of riot, that the war is unpopular at home and that America is on the rim of a revolution. The story of a lynching is made into a racial battle and is transferred to Russia for the consumption of the Bolsheviki and others. Every lynching in the United States is more hurtful to the allied cause than the loss of a brigade of soldiers Lynching is savagery and lynching is anarchy. There is tremendous work for Negroes to do in America during this war. They are expected to do their part in the army. We also expect them to do their part at home. Their labor is valuable in this war. Those among them who are drafted or who have volunteered will be needed night and day. They must be encouraged, every one of them, to bear a full man's part, and it must be given them to understand that in doing their duty to their country they command the respect of the white people and vindicate their own citizenship. No colored editor could have written more strongly than these Southern white editors. The North has been equally outspoken. Richard Spillane writes in Commerce and Finance, New York: No one who has lived in the South has any doubt of the seriousness of the race problem. No one who knows the black but appreciates how close to the animal some of the lowest blacks are today. But no one who knows the debased among white men has illusions about them either . . . . Thousands and tens of thousands of Negroes are fighting in France that the world may be made a better place to live in for whites, are fighting against the tyranny of a German prince, whom they do not know, are fighting to protect the white races, are fighting for justice for oppressed whites, for the upholding of law and right, and while they fight heroically and magnificently and win the admiration of all decent men, bands of white men lynch defenseless black men and a woman without trial, without proof of guilt of crime, in defiance of law in this land of freedom and justice we call America. There can be no respect for law where so-called lynch law rules. There can be no justice where there is such injustice as conviction without trial. Does justice mean one thing where a white is concerned and another where a Negro is the party at issue in the South? If so, there is no justice. CRISIS There is without doubt a growing desire for a strong word from President Wilson. B. A. Arnold writes in the Grand Rapids, Mich., Tradesman: I have before me a personal letter from the White House in which the President in reply to a letter concerning the race riots at East St. Louis and Chester last summer expresses himself as very much distressed by the terrible things that have been happening. Many persons believe that a public statement from the President at this time would go a long way towards checking the growing mob spirit. The Boston, Mass., Congregationalist has this editorial: We all knew that the American soldier of Negro race would distinguish himself, as he has always done in war, in his fighting for the cause of liberty in France. All Americans of his race and all friends of the large American brotherhood will rejoice over the story of that brilliant fight in which two Negro soldiers held off an immensely larger body of the enemy and were brought back wounded but glorious. Thoughtful Americans will, however, note with a feeling of pain and disappointment that almost at the very hour when these Negro champions of America were risking their lives for the whole American people a Negro woman on an unproved charge of crime was being lynched in Georgia. We would like to know what the President of the United States, the head of i our armies, and the executive of our laws, thinks of this coincidence. The St. Joseph, Mo., Gazette says: Hampton Institute, the famous school for colored youth of both sexes, will celebrate its semi-centennial November 1. President Wilson has made a provisional agreement to be present and to speak. We hope nothing will arise to prevent him from keeping this appointment. Its date, coming as it does just prior to elections, should enable him to say something of benefit. He will not fail, of course, to advert to the progress which the colored race has made since achieving freedom. He cannot fail to allude to the gallantry of colored troops who now are with the American armies in France. Nor can he escape from dwelling upon the manner in which the nation has requited the colored man for his loyalty and devotion. In this connection, it will be an excellent opportunity for the President to promise that the impediments which have been put upon the black man in the exercise of his civil right shall be taken away and that the constitutional guarantees to which he is entitled shall be restored. Speaking, as he will be, in the state where he was born, the President will not fail to inspire his hearers. Men of the Month THREE WOMEN. on the street with coat unbuttoned without TWO are dead, one lives and works at Lincoln Hospital, New York, where Adah B. Thorns has been for seven years assistant superintendent of nurses and acting superintendent since January, 1917. It is not an easy position to direct efficient colored nurses in a great hospital open to all races but where no colored interne or colored consulting physician has as yet been enrolled; but Mrs. Thorns has won her place and holds it. Of the other two women one was white and one was colored, though no one could tell the difference. The late wife of Archdeacon Phillips was born of an old Philadelphia family and he saw her first as singer at St. Thomas'. Her sons grew up. and followed her music, but she became a church worker in the largest sense,—beloved of the old and helpless, efficient in details and rummage sales, foremost in guilds and classes, and the genius of the embroidery class. Her desire to make others comfortable and happy was not confined to church work. She never passed a poor, dirty child stopping to button it or to put pins where buttons ought to have been. As wife, mother, church worker and friend Sarah Elizabeth Phillips belonged to the company of the elect. Away to the westward in Toledo, Ohio, a white woman, Celia Parker Woolley, was born in 1848. She became a lecturer, writer and minister, but early in 1904 found the culmination of her life work in the founding of the Frederick Douglass Center in Chicago. It was an idea born before its time but splendid in its vision,—a place where white and colored people interested in a common city and civilization might meet and be friends. She said that "making people acquainted was worth a hundred sermons," and in this thought she lived and died. FOUR MEN. ONE is dead, but three are finely alive. William H. Bishop was born in Baltimore, Md., sixty-six years ago, and spent over half his life in the Internal Revenue Service, which he entered in 1883. He knew Mrs. A. B. Thorns The late Mrs. S. E. Phillips The late Mrs. C. P. Woolley 183 184 THE CRISIS Dr. J. W. E. Bowen The late Mr. W. H. Bishop Mr. E. C. Brown his work; he knew its background. He was young man born in 1877, married and not only a methodical, faithful man but a a banker. His first bank was at Newgenial entertainer and friend, and as the port News, Va., then he came to PhilaInternal Revenue Review says: "A host delphia and joined with Andrew F. Stevens of friends both in and out of the service will in a bank at Broad and Lombard remember him as a character beyond reStreets. These young men assisted by othproach." ers have taken over the Payton real estate Who has not heard of John Wesley Edinterests in New York City, consisting of ward Bowen, who was born in New Orleans 306 apartments with 1466 rooms. In adin 1855, educated there and at Boston Uni-dition to this Mr. Brown and his partners versit y and has are building a theaworked at Morgan, tre at the corner of Howard and GamBroad and Lombard mon? For twenty-Streets, Phi1a five years while at delphia, which will Gammo n he has be called the Dunbar been the kind of upand which bids fair standing figure in to be the finest colthe Methodist Episored theatr e in copal Church which America. Here we has mad e that have the new type church hesitate to of colored business get rid of him and man,—modest, effi his kind. cient and honest. When Phil Pay-Dr. J. Stanley ton of New York Durkee has bee n died, there were chosen president of those colored people Howard University who faced the fuafter Dr. Newman ture with something had tendered his of dread. But there resignation. Dr. came after an interDurkee is a gradval E. C. Brown of uate of Bates and Philadelphia, a Dr. J. S. Durkee fifty years old. MORE GRADUATES L. E. GREENE MARCEL BROWN E. L. CARPENTER Ph.B., Chicago H. McWORTER Wadleigh High, N. Y. C. V. J. SOMERVILLE B. S., Cornell G. R. HARRIS Ph. B.,M. W. Chicago RAIMEY D . D. S., U. of S. Cal. P. W. GIBSON A. B., U. of S. Cal. D. F. GASPARD A. B., Wisconsin O. K. DELFOSSE Solicitor, Supreme Court of Jamaica B. D., London G. s. M CDONAL D A.B., London M.D., Laval W. A. P0LLAED L.L.M., Boston 18 5 COLORED MUSICAL FESTIVAL AT THE AUDITORIUM, CHICAGO, WITH CHORUS OF 500 LED BY JAMES A. MUNDY The Horizon THE WAR. TH E Booker Washington Auxiliary of the Red Cross in Fort Worth, Texas, raised $4,484 in one week. The "Buffalo" Auditorium at Camp Upton, N. Y., which was built and paid for by the 367th Colored Infantry, has been taken over by the War Department. A life size portrait of Colonel James A. Moss, painted by Orlando Rouland, has been placed in the Auditorium. The Rockefeller Foundation has appropriated $25,000 for the care and entertainment of Negro troops and $35,000 for social hygiene work in typical war camp communities. Losses among Negro troops in France up to June 18 were as follows: the 369th— died of wounds, 3; disease, 8; severely wounded, 2. The 370th—died of wounds, none; disease, 3; severely wounded, none. The 371st—died of wounds, none; disease, 8; severely wounded, none. The 372d—died of wounds, none; disease, 3; severely wounded, none. Battle-scarred and torn the flag of the Fifteenth New York Colored Infrantry has been returned to Governor Whitman and placed in the capitol at Albany. Negro British subjects are being enrolled for enlistment in various American cities. Governor Cox, of Ohio, purchased a Service Flag for Tuskegee Institute, which has been hung in the Institute Chapel. It has 200 stars. Lord Selborne's Committee of England has sent to the African Labor Corps, work ing in Europe, nearly 20,000 woolen muf flers, 10,000 copy and exercise books; be side tents and bicycles for the chaplains. The National Army now includes about 157,000 Negroes, 1,000 of whom are Cap tains and Lieutenants. Dean Lewis B. Moore, of Howard Uni versity, has made a report to the National Service Commission of the Congregational Churches on the Needs and Problems of Negroes in War Camp Communities. Harold Martin, a colored Boston boy, has been sent to Plattsburg as a member of the Reserve Officers' Training Camp. Colored soldiers of the 519th and 520th Service Battalions at Camp Devens, Mass., have shown such remarkable aptitude at drilling that colored corporals have been appointed, relieving the former white corporals. Mrs. Henry Johnson, wife of Private Henry Johnson, of the former Fifteenth New York Colored Infantry, who recently won the Croix de Guerre, was tendered a reception in New York City by the United Service Alliance. Mrs. Whitman, wife of Governor Whitman, delivered a speech. Elnora B. Askins, a colored girl eight years of age, led the New Haven Chapter of the Red Cross parade held in that city. Robert Bethel, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., is dead of gas poisoning on the Western Front. He was buried with military honors at his home. Captain Eugene C. Rowan, late of the 162d Depot Brigade, has been dismissed from Army service. He had refused to obey the order of his superior officer which involved including colored and white soldiers in a troop formation. Rowan was a white Georgian. Colonel Charles Young in order to test his physical fitness made a trip from Xenia, Ohio, to the National capital on horseback, a distance of 497 miles. He arrived in first class condition in sixteen days. C Cory Adams, a colored city mail carrier of Findlay, Ohio, sold Thrift and War Savings Stamps to the amount of $9,115.25, standing fourth in the United States in the April report of the U. S. Official Postal Guide. Cap Jackson, a Negro of Walton County, Ga., has a son in the Army and $2,000 invested in Liberty bonds. The Walton Tribune has an editorial about him. The Hon. Charles W. Anderson, Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue for New York City, has been made Honorary Colonel of the 367th Colored Infantry of New York. Jim Boy, a colored man of Palestine, Texas, grows turkeys and gave one of his prize turkeys to the Red Cross. It has been auctioned off for $588. Brown &amp; Stevens, colored bankers in Philadelphia, Pa., broke the records of all colored institutions in the country by handling subscriptions amounting to $465,000 in Third Liberty Loan bonds. 187 THE CRISIS The colored people of Floyd County, Ga., purchased over $15,000 worth of Liberty bonds. A War Service Center, to be a place of recreation for young women and sailors, has been opened in Harlem, New York City. It is supported by the Y. W. C. A. and Miss Ruth A. Fisher is general executive of the movement. The Ada Young Red Cross Auxiliary of Oakland, Cal., raised $1,200 in a recent drive. The colored people of Louisville, Ky., raised $4,000 for the Red Cross. The Ambulance Unit of the Circle for Negro War Relief in New York City, has donated an ambulance to the Government to be sent to France. The cost was $2,146. The chairman of the unit was Mrs. Dora Cole-Norman. Colored people of Muskogee, Okla., invested in one day $6,500 in Thrift and War Savings Stamps. Secretary Baker has recently said: "The War Department will brook no discrimination, and any cases of alleged or suspected discrimination brought to our attention will be investigated, and any wrong done will be righted. "I have heard that draft boards in adjoining counties take a different view of practically identical facts with regard to white men, but I never heard of the question being brought up with regard to colored men. The answer in all of these cases is that a review is provided directly by the President, and all that is necessary for anybody to do is to point it out to the War Department and any grievance will be investigated. If the draft board acts unfairly, we will correct their action." MUSIC AND ART. MADELINE V. COLEMAN, of Empo poria, Kansas, and L. V. Jones, of Cleveland, Ohio, were members of the piano and violin, 1918, graduating class of the New England Conservatory, Boston, Mass. On June 11 at a concert by Advanced Students, Mr. Jones was warmly applauded for his very fine playing of the first movement of Mendelssohn's Concerto in E Minor. He was accompanied by the Conservatory Orchestra. A successful musicale was given on June 30 at St. Bartholomew Episcopal Church, Cambridge, Mass., for War Relief benefit. The performers were Harry A. Delmore, tenor; Minnie Albritton, soprano, and L. V. Jones, violinist, with William Lawrence and Lawrence B. Brown, accompanists. The July number of the Musical Observer contains a continued article on "The Drum in Africa, the Use of Music by a Primitive People in Time of War," written by Maud Cuney Hare, of Boston, Mass. William Stansfield, organist of the white First Congregational Church, Washington, D. C , gave a concert at the John Wesley Zion Church, assisted by Eva B. Johnson, a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. The Quaker City Female Band is composed of thirty-five colored women under the leadership of Abbie States Johnson. On June 27 a capacity audience greeted Roland W. Hayes, tenor, assisted by Lonia V. Jones, violinist, and Lawrence B. Brown, accompanist, at a concert given by Ebenezer Baptist Church, Boston, Mass. Phonograph records of numbers as sung by Mr. Hayes had a part on the program. The Musergia Club of Louisville, Ky., gave a choral concert in June under the direction of C. M. McClellan. The chorus was assisted by Florence Cole Talbert, soprano, of Detroit, Mich.; Roland W. Hayes, tenor; and Clarence Cameron White, violinist. The Louisville Times calls them "three fine musicians." A fine concert was given by the Hampton Chorus, R. Nathaniel Dett, director, at Hampton Institute, Va., at which the composer, Geoffrey O'Hara, leader of soldier choruses and research student of Indian music, took part. Mrs. R. Nathaniel Dett was the accompanist. A testimonial benefit was given to George W. Jackson at Topeka, Kan., as an appreciation of the ability of Topeka's pioneer colored band director. In the commencement exercises of the high schools of Orange and East Orange, N. J., the pianists were colored students: Anna L. Dorsey, who wrote the music for the class song, and Mary Madison. C The colored pupils of the State Normal School, Trenton, N. J., took part in the school pageant adapted from Dr. Henry THE HORIZON Van Dyke's poem, "Who Follow the Flag." The white pupils gave the "Washington" episode and the colored pupils the "Lincoln" episode. Miss Bessie Moore as "Ethiopia" scored a striking dramatic success. Mme. E. A. Hackley gave a folksong festival at Dauphine Theatre, New Orleans, La., before a large audience of white and colored people. The Board of Education attended in a body. Mary Ross-Dorsey, the elocutionist, has been making a successful tour of Ohio, Indiana, Maryland and the District of Columbia. Linden H. Caldwell, pianist, a graduate of Syracuse, assisted by Miss L. V. Hall, is giving concerts for the Red Cross in the principal cities of Kansas. E. Aldama Jackson in New York City has had his settings to two Negro Spirituals accepted for publication by Novello &amp; Company, "Go Down Moses" and "Don't Be Weary." Bert Williams, the colored comedian and for several seasons one of the stars of the Ziegfeld Follies, has left that company, alleging that while his name was carried to help the show, his parts have not been commensurate with his ability or reputation. William E. Scott, the colored artist, has finished a series of frescos in the Courthouse at Fort Wayne, Ind. Lena J. Holt received the degree of Master of Music from the Chicago Musical College. C The operetta, "National Flower" was given at Howard Theatre, Washington, under the direction of Mrs. Sadie Gaskin Holly. One hundred prominent Washingtonians were in the cast and $200 was netted for the Y. W. C. A. INDUSTRY. THER E are 2,200 colored men working at the powder plants of the Du Pont Company, Carney's Point, Philadelphia. Some of them have drawn as high as $100 for two weeks' pay. The Indiana Steel Company, Indiana Harbor, Ind., is employing seventy-five colored women laborers. Seven hundred Negroes have left the South to work for the Connecticut Leaf Tobacco Association in Hartford. The National Railroad Administration has decided to retain operating control of the Pullman Company and has allowed wage increases for sleeping car conductors, porters and maids on the same basis as advances made to other railroad employees. It is said to be impracticable to apply a basic eight-hour-day to these persons, but the wage increases date back to January 1 and will amount to $2,750,000 affecting 19,000 employees. A new hosiery mill at Goldsboro, N. C , will employ three hundred Negro hands. C Dr. George E. Haynes, Director of Negro Economics of the Department of Labor, has visited eight Southern States and is planning to visit others in an attempt to work out a co-operative program for the effective mobilizing of Negro labor. Local committees of white and colored citizens are being organized. Frank Walker, a Negro, has been made leading man in the machine shop of the Norfolk, Va., Navy Yard among 2,000 white and 200 colored workmen. W. C. Johnson, a colored man, has been appointed chief engineer of the Reclamation Plant of the M. K. &amp; T. Railroad at Parsons, Kan. At the Arthur McMullen Contracting Company, Hog Island, Pa., Edward Bur-well, a colored captain, and his crew of eleven men drove 220 sixty-five foot piles in nine hours and five minutes, breaking the previous record of 165 piles. The total linear feet driven by Captain Burwell was 14,300. SOCIAL PROGRESS. A FIRE of unknown origin has destroyed the house in West Torrington, Conn., in which John Brown, the abolitionist, was born. An agricultural bank has been established in Haiti and a co-operative institute for students. Dr. Paul Salomon has been appointed Director-in-Chief in Clinical Work in the San Francisco de Sales Hospital. A Congressional hearing on the Antilynching Bill drafted in the War College has been held by the Committee of tha Judiciary of the House. Major J. E. Spingam and Captain G. S. Hornblower made statements. Dr. Julia P. H. Coleman, of Washington, D. C , has won her suit against the THE CRISIS EDUCATION. Baltimore-Annapolis Railway Company for attempting to "Jim-Crow" her. She was defended by W. Ashbie Hawkins, of Baltimore. A dental clinic has been started in the colored schools of Macon, Ga., by colored dentists and nurses. The colored Y. M. C. A. in Nashville, Tenn., served 18,000 meals last year and accommodated 19,000 people with rooms. Two colored women have been appointed to the Police Department, Indianapolis: Mrs. Mary E. Mayes and Mrs. Emma C. Baker. Judge Lynn, of the Municipal Court of the Seventh District, New York City, awarded $100 damages each to three colored men for discrimination in Edwin Holtz's restaurant on Eighth Avenue. This is the first decision under the new Civil Rights Law. The Governor of West Virginia has enjoined the production of the libelous film "The Birth of a Nation" in the state for the duration of the war. Howard Drew won first place in the 100 and 220-yard dashes at the Western Collegiate Conference track meet. He finished the 100-yard dash in ten seconds and the 220-yard dash in 22 2/5 seconds. Lee Umble, a colored student of the Steele High School, Troy, Ohio, has been making a remarkable record in athletics, especially in baseball and long distance running. He holds several high school records. The Negro population of Erwin, Tenn., has migrated to other towns since the lynching of Tom Devert, leaving many industries crippled. The new colored Y. M. C. A. Building in Brooklyn, N. Y., which cost more than $200,000, has been dedicated. Governor Whitman delivered the principal address, paying tribute to the valor of colored troops in France. In 1880 Negroes in Georgia held property valued at $5,764,293; in 1917 the figures had increased to $40,287,921—nearly nine-fold in thirty-seven years. Licenses of eight jitney operators between Hattiesburg and Camp Shelby, Miss., were revoked by the military police when Negro soldiers were refused as passengers. IN Fredericksburg, Va., the high school is owned and controlled by colored people. The curriculum, management and selection of teachers is under a Negro board. The City Council appropriates $1,000 a year to the school. The property consists of thirty acres and two frame buildings. The principal is W. N. Ransome. Colored grade teachers of Dallas, Texas, have been granted increases in salary. Hereafter the minimum salary will be $450 and the maximum salary, $720. Because of the need for better equipment and larger income, Meharry Medical College has been placed in Class B by the American Medical Association. Dr. N. P. Colwell, Secretary of the Council on Medical Education says: "There is no place where generous donations could do more good at the present time than if given to medical schools of the colored race." In a recent Civil Service examination for temporary nurse in New York City, Leila Stubbs Proctor, of Provident Hos pital, Chicago, stood first on the list. William Pickens has been elected Vice- President of Morgan College and will tour the country in its interest. Among three hundred nurses who took the January examination before the State Board in Kansas City, Mo., were three col ored nurses. Mrs. Alice Terrell stood high est among the 300 with a mark of 95.5, while the other two received 91.8 and 88.9. Ubert C. Vincent was granted the degree of M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania. He was the only colored student in a class of 123 and stood in the A Group of his class. Colored teachers of Norfolk, Va., have joined the American Federation of Teach ers. Carter G. Woodson has been made prin cipal of Armstrong Manual Training School in Washington, D. C. E. D. Fuller graduated from the New Haven High School. He was on the football team for three seasons and a member of the junior debating team. Harriette V. Treadwell is the first colored graduate of the North Adams, Mass., State Normal School. She was a member of the Glee Club. (I Ruth E. Butler, a graduate of the How THE HORIZON ard High School, Columbia, S. C. broke a fifteen-year record by making an average of 95 per cent or more in attendance, deportment and scholarship for eleven years. The degree of Bachelor of Divinity was given to C. C. Corbin by the General Theological Seminary, New York City. Lillian B. Witten received her degree from Smith College Cum Laude and with special honors in chemistry. James Curry took his M.A. at the University of Pennsylvania this year and Messrs. Bivens and Thomas graduated in dentistry. The University of Chicago granted Helen E. McWorter, of St. Louis, Mo., the degree of Bachelor of Philosophy. She won four honor scholarships during her course and honorable mention for general excellence in scholarship in the junior colleges. Two colored boys, Arthur Jewell, Jr., and Kingsford Swan were among the forty-five graduates of Rindge Technical High School, Cambridge, Mass. Among the colored people of Jamaica E. C. O'Brien Nation has taken his B.A. examination from London University, P. W. Gibson his B.D. and G. S. McDonald his B.A. Mr. McDonald held a scholarship from Cambridge University, won by examination, and teaches in the Calabar High School. Mrs. Marguerite E. Williams Scott, who received her M.D. from the Medical Department of Temple University, Philadelphia, was awarded the Faculty prize for the highest general average during her four years' course; also the Practise of Medicine Prize, the Orthopedic Prize, the Othology Prize, and honorable mention in Pediatrics and Therapeutics. Dominique-Francois Gaspard, a native of New Orleans, La., was graduated from St. Hyacinth's Classical Seminary with the degree of B.A. in 1911. He began his course in medicine at Laval University, but interrupted his course to serve in the Medical Corps in France. In April, 1917, he was decorated by the French Minister of War for conspicuous service and discharged to resume his studies. This spring he received his degree of Doctor of Medicine from Laval and is now practising in Montreal. Alfred Montgomery Pelham graduated Magna Cum Laude from the Central High School, Detroit. He was elected by the faculty as one of four out of a class of 215 to be members of the Honor Society. He received a unanimous vote and is the first colored person to be given this honor. Clement Sutton was graduated from the High School of Trinidad, Colo. He ranked third in a class of sixty-one and won a scholarship in Northwestern University. Out of twenty-one graduates from the Philadelphia School of Pedagogy this year three are colored: Messrs. Duckrey, Sandige and Fausett. Four of the thirty-nine graduates of the Bethlehem, Pa., High School are colored; one, Miss Clara Lane, ranked second in her class. Twenty colored girls graduated from the various Philadelphia high schools this June and two boys. From the University of Porto Rico there were graduated this year one student in law, eleven from the normal courses and three from the high school courses. Paul Robeson, the athlete, gained first prize in the Junior Oratorical Contest at Rutgers and has won his "letter" in four branches of athletics. MEETINGS. THE thirty-eighth annual session of the Negro Teachers of North Carolina has been held at Shaw University. Mayor James I. Johnson delivered the address of welcome. The fifth annual ministers conference at Hampton Institute was attended by 112 colored ministers. Delegates from thirty states attended the colored Y. M. C. A. Students' Conference held at Kings Mountain, N. C. A memorial meeting to Booker T. Washington was held at Memorial Hall in Columbus, Ohio. Speeches were delivered by Mayor Karb, Rabbi Kornfeld, Judge Os-born, and others. The nineteenth annual session of the National Negro Business League will convene in Atlantic City, N. J., August 21 to 23. A conference of thirty-one colored editors was held in Washington, D. C , under the chairmanship of Emmett J. Scott, Special Assistant to the Secretary of War. Among those who addressed the meeting were the Secretary of War, Mr. George Creel, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, THE CRISIS E. N. Hurley of the Shipping Board, Major J. E. Spingarn, Captain A. B. Spingarn, and General Paul Vignal of the French Embassy. Negroes in St. Louis, Mo., had a mass meeting of 6,000 persons and a parade of 2,000 to demonstrate their patriotism. Many prominent city and state officials took part. Eight hundred colored women attended the mass meeting of the Federated Women's Clubs of Augusta, Ga., and protested to the Governor and the President against lynching. A National Liberty Congress was held in Washington, D. C , June 21 to 27, under the general management of William Monroe Trotter, of Boston. Three colored men addressed the General Conference of the Methodist Church South: Doctors Neel, Walls, and Gilbert. Their words were received with cheers. Dr. James A. Bray, of Birmingham, Ala., was unanimously re-elected Secretary of Education of the C. M. E. Church at its general conference in Chicago. Negro delegates at the recent convention of the American Federation of Labor in St. Paul, Minn., were B. S. Lancaster, Mobile, Ala.; F. L. Chum and George W. Milner, of New Orleans, La., representing the Negro Shipbuilders' Union. A resolution asking the appointment of a Negro organizer was endorsed. THE CHURCH. BETHEL A. M. E: CHURCH, Baltimore, Md., raised over $11,000 in a rally, $10,000 of which will be used in reducing the mortgage and the remainder for liquidating other debts. During Rev. Dr. W. Sampson Brook's pastorate of fifteen months the church has raised $40,000. C Big Bethel A. M. E. Church in Atlanta, Ga., has just finished paying a debt of $75,000 and burned the mortgage. Ebenezer Baptist Church of Pittsburg, Pa., raised $10,000 in a recent rally. Dr. William N. DeBerry in Springfield, Mass., has celebrated the nineteenth anniversary of his pastorship. Mortgages on the church aggregating $13,500 were burned, The Jones-Boyd Faction of the colored Baptists has refused to ratify the terms adopted by the Joint Committee for the reunion of the National Baptist Convention. The Peace Commission will have to meet again. The convention of the Episcopal Church for North Carolina has elected the Venerable Henry Beard Delaney to be Suffragan Bishop for colored work in North and South Carolina. This election must be confirmed by the conventions of a majority of states. A similar nomination in Arkansas has not yet received such confirmation. The colored First Baptist Church of St. Louis, Mo., was damaged to the extent of $2,000 by a bomb explosion. It is thought that effort is being made to drive out the surrounding Negro population. PERSONAL. ISAAC G. BAILEY, the only colored chief clerk under the Selective Service at Washington, D. C , is dead. He was a graduate of Howard University and a member of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity. Charles S. Smith, Secretary to the Chief of Police of Cleveland, Ohio, has been appointed to the Detective Bureau with the pay of Lieutenant. Mr. Smith has been secretary to the chiefs for twenty-one years. Edward L. Thornton, first editor of the Colored American which used to be published in Washington, D. C , is dead at Washington. Lieutenant Thomas M. Gregory and Miss H. E. Hancock, of San Antonio, Texas, were married recently in Baltimore. Dr. Inman E. Page received one of the nine honorary degrees granted by Brown University this spring. Mrs. Roberta Sheridan, one of the first colored teachers in Baltimore, Md., is dead. Mildred Bryant, Supervisor of Music in the Colored Schools, Louisville, Ky., was married recently to Brinton R. Jones, a Chicago pharmacist. Herbert Barnes, a colored janitor of New York City, nearly lost his life in trying to rescue a drowning horse. CRIME. TH E following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Mangham, La., June 18—George Clayton, hanged for murder of his employer, Ben Brooks. In a battle with the posse he wounded six men, probably fatally. Earle, Ark., Allen Mitchell, hanged for wounding Mrs. W. M. Langston. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 193 THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Armstrong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift, as well as in earnest and practical Christianity. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 90 0 boardin g students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 83 5 acres; and 20 0 teachers and workers. Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four-year secondary schools. OVER 300 HAMPTONIANS ARE IN NATIONAL SERVICE COURSES —Recently revised four-year courses in The young men are under military dis cipline, and are formed into a battalion of Teache r Training; Home six companies with student officers. The Economics; Business; Agrimilitary system results in an erect carriage, culture; and 13 Trades. prompt obedience, and respect for authority. PRINCIPAL—James E. Gregg STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Trainingand Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. A new girls' dormitory ready for occupancy with the opening of the new school term. Expenses reasonable. Term begins September 4, 1918. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Morgan College and Branches BIDDLE UNIVERSITY John O. Spencer, Ph.D., President. CHARLOTTE, N. C. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: Central, in great college town between the North and South. POLICY: Co-educational. COURSES: Four years with appropriate degrees. Elec tives to suit those preparing for professional study. Advanced courses in Education. Graduates receive certificates for elementary and high school teaching in the State. FACULTY: Composed of college and university trained men and women. NEW SITE: Forty acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. TERMS: Very reasonable. DEAN: William Pickens, Lit.D MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus. Healthful surroundings. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, agriculture, domestic science and art. Special preparation for rural teaching. DORMITORIES: Well equipped and supervised. TERMS: Very moderate. PRINCIPAL: Lee M. McCoy, A. M. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern Branch of the Maryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland. Somerset County. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic sci ence and art, music. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised; furnished. TERMS: Free tuition; other expenses moderate. SUMMER SCHOOL: Prepares leathers specially for rural schools. Wednesday, June 26th to Thursday, August 1st. Courses professional a id industrial. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25th. 1918. Dormitories open Sept. 21. 1918. ^TNIJIIIIIIIIJIFITRIIIIIJJIRIIIIIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIJIIRIIIIIJJIIIIIIIIIJIIRIIIIIJJTIIIIJEIIIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIIIJIIITRIIIIIIJIIIIIIUJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIL^ | The Tuskegee Normal I 1 and Industrial Institute 1 -iiiiriijiniiriiiji JjfP | Founded by Booker T. Washington | | A N INSTITUTION DEVOTED TO THE TRAINING | | OF YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN. COURSES IN J | AGRICULTURE, TEACHER TRAINING AND FORTY | J TRADES. EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR J | EARNEST STUDENTS OF LIMITED MEANS, g Address: | ROBER T R . MOTON , Principal, § TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE, ALABAMA. 'State A. &amp; M. College for Negroes rT^iilitliiii&lt;Llllll9:iiMillJJ nr j^j:rriiiiii miir iirtiiiuLtitiiiu:. jjjni THE FORT VALLEY HIGH AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FORT VALLEY, GA. A Christian institution for Negro youth of both sexes. Healthful location, beautiful campus and farm of 90 acres. Modern buildings and strong faculty. Expenses moderate. The following courses are offered: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, Music, Business and Industries for boys and girls. Fall Term begins October 2, 1918. For further information write H. A. HUNT, Principal "JUST THE PLACE Biddle University, operated under the auspices OF the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School. Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance TO the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In THE scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are REQUIRED TO take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, Edgecombe County, N. C. (On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 1129^4 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T . S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N . C. The Alcorn A. &amp;M. College Alcorn, Mississippi DEPARTMENTS: ACADEMIC, AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL; STRONG FACULTY, HEALTHFUL LOCATION; TERMS REASONABLE. FOR CATALOG OF INFORMATION ADDRESS, L. J. ROWAN, PRESIDENT, ALCORN, MISSISSIPPI. THE NEW ENGLAND CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC STUDENTS' CLUB WILL GIVE INFORMATION TO ANYONE COMING TO BOSTON TO STUDY MUSIC. ADDRESS THE CLUB SECRETARY Mrs. Estelle Ancrum Forster 74 W . Rutland Square Boston, Mass. Send stamp FOR YOUR GIRL Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal,Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MAR Y MCLEOD BETHUNE, - Mention TH E CRISIS. Vocational. Principal. Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 195 1888 1918 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty-First Session OPENS SEPTEMBER 24, 1918 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs* Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class SendforEnrollment Blank and full information. Day and Evening Classes SPECIAL SUMMER COURSE THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students pass Civil Service Examinations easily— trained by ex-postal employees. School open for Typewriting all summer. Fall term opens October 1. 1918. Edward T. Duncan, President Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Theological, College and Academy Courses A higher school of wide recognition for honest and thorough scholarships, for its successful debating teams, for its high cultural, moral and religious influence, for its line library, equipment and buildings, for the large number of leading preachers, teachers and social workers among its graduates. Its premedical courses have recently been greatly strengthened. It lays special emphasis on its literary, social service and theological training. For further information address The President. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Select Courses of study, Industrial, Music, Preparatory, Classical, Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thorough training. EXPENSES VERY MODERATE. SEND FOR CATALOG TO THE PRESIDENT. Hale Infirmary and Nurse Training School 328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to intelligent young women between the age of eighteen and thirty-five a three years' course in the profession of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. For further information apply to the superintendent. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 718 S. HICKORY ST , PINE BLUFF, ARK. I will be through your territory soon Kindly save your orders for me W. H. HARLESTON Made to measure CLOTHES NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The War Must Be Won The War Must Be Won! Colored People all over the world have more at stake in the outcome of this War than any other people. The Race Group in America is vitally affected. Our future is wrapped up in the successful termination of the War in favor of the Allies. We must become so wrapped up in the Conduct of the War that no final settlement can be made in which fundamental justice to Us all will not be one of the chief considerations. Already the efforts of black men have helped to save France from destruction. Our greater and continued efforts must make the Safety secure, and we must do our part in saving America. Therefore we must, as a Race and as Individuals, do everything necessary to the Winning of the War. We must buy Liberty Bonds to the full extent of our means. We must save and purchase steadily Thrift Stamps and War Savings Certificates. We must observe the Food Regulations and help to supply the food needed for our own troops and those of our Allies. We must give to the Red Cross and to the Y. M. C. A., and to all Auxiliary efforts of this kind. There is no Business, no Work more important than War Work, and no duty greater than our duty to help in every way possible to Win the War. The War Must Be Won! STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH Full Protection Against the Full Death Claims Emergencies of life. Paid After Death, Regardless of Amount of Benefits Perpetual Paying Drawn During Benefits on Account Life. of Sickness and Accidents. Over $5,000,000 Insurance in force. Over $1,000,000 paid to policyholders. Over $300,000 assets owned by the Society. Over 1,000 people employed by the Society. Over one-half million dollars annual business. You are not finished without a Southern Aid Policy A. D. PRICE, TH0S . M. CRUMP. B. L. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: Total Income—1917 $ 624,794.31 Total Disbursements—1917 523,915.70 INCOME OVER DISBURSEMENTS $ 100,878.61 Admitted Assets 358,363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve).. 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPART MENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, INCLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention T H E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 199 WHY NEW YORK REAL ESTATE GROWS IN VALUE When it is realized that the permanent increase in population of New York in one year was 400,000 equaling the population of Cleveland, Ohio, some idea of the tremendous growth of the city is appreciated.—National Magazine. PUT YOUR DOLLARS IN IMPROVED NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE You have heard of the Payton Apartments, Nos. 117-127-135 West 141st Street, and Nos. 130-140-148 West 142nd Street, New York City, the finest owned and controlled by colored people in the world, set aside for the tenantry of colored families. A proper idea of the magnitude of this proposition can be had only by taking into consideration that these houses cover a tract of over two and one-half acres, or thirty-three full city lots. These six large, modern, de luxe elevator apartment houses contain 306 apartments, 1466 rooms, and will house more than 1500 people. They were constructed at a cost of one and a half million dollars. The Payton Apartments Corporation, incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, with a capitalization of $250,000.00, was organized to take title to these valuable properties. The Directorate of the Corporation is made up of the following well known men: E. C. Brown, President, is a Banker and Real Estate Operator of Philadelphia, Pa. Andrew F. Stevens, Vice President, is a Banker and President of the Home Extension Insurance Association of Philadelphia. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary and Treasurer, is Secretary of Tuskegee, Alabama. He is also one of the Assistant Departmental Heads at Washington. W. H. C. Brown, Director, is an Investment Banker, Washington, D. C. Heman E. Perry, Director, is President of the Standard Life Insurance Co., Atlanta, Ga. W e have published a little booklet, illustrated, telling all about this remarkable proposition. It tells how for as small a sum as five dollars a month for a few months you can become a part owner in the largest real estate proposition in the world undertaken by Negroes. Send for Booklet today. It is free for the asking. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. MENTION TH E CRISIS. 200 THE CRISIS Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :i ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 311West138th Street± New York N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties'' handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American war" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 440 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A, JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK STEWARD'S "HAITIAN REVOLUTION" —Praised by distinguished Haitians "No more interesting book has been written."—Army and Navy Register. The book that every young colored man should read Price $1.25 net Address T. G. Steward, Wilberforce, Ohio or the CRISIS, 70-5th Ave., New York City Agents WantedtosellgreatepicpoemTheto Overground Railroad. Opportunity for Business Life. Hon. Frederick Douglass Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; Inspiring- in effect; Epic in subject and replete with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses—Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Write for terms. Enclose a 8c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 State St., Chicago. Ill. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. ADVERTISER Full size of book, 61/2 x 8 1/2 PRICE, $1.95 BY KELLY MILLER The following Are Some of the Inspiring Chapters It Contains Progress in Education. History of Negro Education. The Early Teaching of the Slaves. Education as a Soldier. Church Schools After the Civil War. Independent Schools. Church Denominational Schools. The Coming Men of the Race. The Turning Point. Earning Respect for His Race. Increase of Opportunities. In the Employ of the U. S. Government. The Colored American in the Service of God. Leaders of America Whose Ears are Close to the Ground. The Colored American's Nationality. The World's Congress of Races. Ethiopia, the Great Black Empire. The Genius of Colored Americans. Development of the Race in the U. S. Optimism, Pessimism and Indifference. The Victory of the Man Who Dares. Send $1.95 and we will mail you the hook and one large photo of Bean Miller. Don't miss getting all of Kelly Miller's hooks, AGENTS WANTED We want agents to sell this wonderful human interest story in every community. We offer you the Agency. Send 25c. for Prospectus, and be FIRST in the field. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 Ninth St., WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 201 Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific trea tise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have mi grated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere Send all orders to the author 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! "We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES, Pres . N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati Ohio Mme.Bridges' SchoolFrench Dressmaking, Ladies' TailoringandMillinery, Special Coursesin Designing, Copying , Draping ishing. Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS LABORERS SUNSHINE COTTAGE WHITE OR COLORED REST HOME FOR WOMEN on useful and essential employment. Ideal place for a vacation. Sanitary, HomeOpportunity for advancement like, Quiet. Terms reasonable. Addressto mechanical work (Mrs.) Corrinna M. Phillips, R. N. Supt. Deane Pump Works, Holyoke, Mass. 171 King Street SPRINGFIELD, MASS. Mention THE CRISIS. 202 	THE CRISIS ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera His voice is rich, pure, free and gracefully lyric; lends itself easily to dramatic passages. Not only has he a voice that many might envy, he also has the gift of interpretation. He catches almost instinctly the mood of the poet and composer.— Philip Hale, in Boston Herald. He combines a pleasing and well trained voice, particularly well used, with notable ability to express the meaning of his songs, excellent enunciation and love for his an.— Boston Traveler. Address:	 130 Boylston St., Boston. Mass. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 126 W . 134th Street New York City FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race." —Los Angeles Times Engagement! accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio 93 Locust Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Harry A. Williams. Pupil of Delle Sedie and Sbriglia—Paris Denza and Tosti— London. VOICE CULTURE Coaching: and Repertoire French, and Italian Songs a Specialty. 174 West 141st St., New York City. Telephone Audubon S009. WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON, Baritone Concerts Recitals Oratorio Mr. Richardson is blessed by nature, his voice is resonant, firm, commanding. He sings fluently and with marked authority.— Phillip Hale. Mr. Richardson has a voice of power and richness. His articulation was faultless, and his work proved him to be a gifted and finished artist—International Informer, Detroit. Mich. 33 Humboldt St. Boston, Mass. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York ADVERTISER Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 1.	 SWING LOW, SWEET CHARIOT ... . $1.50 Negro Spiritual HARRY T. BURLEIGH 2.	 VESTI LA GIUBBA (Put on your smock) . . 2.00 From "Pagliaeei " Orchestral Accompaniment LEONCAVALLO 3.	 TWILIGHT ... . 1.00 KATHERIXE A . GLEN 4.	 S T E A L AWAY TO JESUS 1.50 Negro Spiritual Orchestral Accompaniment J. ROSAMOND JOHNSON 5.	 UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA ( A Furtive Tear) . . 1.50 From "Elisir d' Amore" Orchestral Accompaniment DONIZETTI 6. I	 HEAR YOU CALLING ME	 1.25 MARSHALL 7.	 BY AND BY .. . . 1.50 HARRY T. BURLEIGH The records are manufactured by the Columbia Graphophone Co., and can be played on any disc talking machine. Make checks, money orders and drafts payable to Roland W. Hayes. Address: ROLAND W. HAYES 130 Boylston Street Boston, Mass. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 THE BIG FOUR BON TON BOOKS For Cooks, Waiters and Waitresses are needed in every hotel where education, culture and refinement are appreciated and truly esteemed. THE BROADWAY CHEF—SALAD BOOK—$2.00. THE BON TON WAITER—$1.00—NOW ON SALE. As Paris became the center of the French culenaire and Athens the home of the Greek epicunes, so New York, the great American catering center, became the seat of an American cuisine which will in time finally equal, if not excel, the fame which Gourmets gave to Athens, Paris and other centers of high-class cooking, serving and waiting. DALLAS GURLEY,QUARTEROFACENTURYCATEREDTONEWYORK'S'400"EXCLUSIVELY 436 LENOX AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. Open June 20th. Closed September 10th. THE OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining. Every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July. Mrs. Lucy Lee, proprietor, 5 Plain St,, Elmhurst, L. I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Bell telephone connection. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. THIS MAGNIFICENT HOTEL, LOCATED IN THE HEART OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE RESORT IN THE WORLD, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE. Owner STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind In the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. TEACHERS A live agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama. Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wear Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D . C . SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the fall nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things ? Do you believe In progress and do you want to / nave a part In one of the most progressive move-w ments of the time? Surely ! * Then you will be Interested in, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 each • / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your * payments are completed the lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute * deed / warranty with abstract showing clear title. i Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance Idlewild Resort Company, 1110 Hartford, Bldg., Chicago, Ill. Gentlemen: Without cost to me please send me full particulars regarding Idlewild. Name Address State Write Plainly Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, Ill. 4 Mention TH E CRISIS. 204 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mme C. J. Walker's PREPARATION Sfor theHair Worth more than it costs ^ The culmination or the genius ^ of Mme C. J. Walker is her wonderful ^ Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In fact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C.J. Walker's Preparations Vegetable Shampoo. A splendid food and thor are all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES ough cleanser for the scalp and hair. Has a healing effect with Mme. C. J. Walker's Seal and Signature on a sore scalp, in fact is excellent for removing on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE dandruff. , • ALL Mme. C. J. WALKER'S THERE is nothing Inventions are reimaginary about the liable because they reWorld-Wide Fame of store and beautify the Mme. C. J. Walker's hair without injury to the Ultra-Quality Preparascalp and are used and tions. None genuine endorsed by thousands of without Mme. C. J. WalHair Dressers, Scalp Speker's seal and signature. cialists, throughout the country, known as the W e have ' gone to a great Walker Hair Dressers, deal of expense to put these preparations up in new yellow having a diploma from cardboard boxes, sealed with the Lelia College of Hair the Walker trade-mark as a Culture which signifies guarantee that you are getting the genuine Mme. C, J. Walker |Mme . C. J. Walker's Lelia College and Teller Salve. One Preparations which are "worth Walker Hair Parlor • system. more than they cost. J of the best 110 W. 136th St..New York known cures for ForMailorders and InformationAddress dandruff, tetter and eczema makes a friend Mme. C. J. Walker M'f'g Co., once used if , Main Office, 640 N. West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. afflicted with this this disease. Scientific, Thorough, and Practical. i Temple Cromer Recommended highly from those who have used it for growing hair on the temples or bald spots. Endorsed by thousands of hair dressers throughout US A Glossine. Only to be used in dressing the Hair and it will make short harsh | hair behave and stay in place if usedas directed at the same time imparts a beautiful gloss to the hair Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 205 AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY Kashmir Preparations for Hair and Skin arc the fastest selling articles of their kind on the market Because: They've got the quality They are put up in handsome, attractive jars They win re-orders. Everyone who uses Kashmir buys again and tells other friends about it. KASHMIR- Special offer including KASHMIR AGENT'S DISPLAYWrite for it today. We want a representative in every townmir Health and Beauty Courses. We willto earn a big salary. We make our agents such a big money making offer. 100% CASE KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. Dept. C. 312 S. Clark St. CHICAGO, ILL. to teach Kash show you how Barnett Advertising Service. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. W e teach only one person in a town, she teaches the rest. Our graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. MAKES YOU AN EXPERT IN HAIR AND BEAUTY CULTURE CHICAGO DERMO COLLEGE CO. 19 East 43d St. Chicago, Ill Mrs. M, Watson Kudd, 47 West 42d Street New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. WANTED: Young lady desires a position the last of September as stenographer or bookkeeper. For information address M. B. in care of the CRISIS, 70 5th Avenue, New York City Mention MUSIC! MUSIC! WASHINGTON, D. C. Columbia Conservatory of Music, teaching: Piano, Voice Culture Violin, Pipe Organ, Harmony, Composition, Elocution etc. Standard courses with diploma. Pupils from 6 States and 3 foreign countries. Correspondence courses in Harmony and Public School Music. Open U10 year round. ADAMS MUSIC HOUSE, "Things musical." Violins of finest, make $5 to $200, any Instruments desired. All kinds of sheet music of every class from 10c. up. Will ship by mail anywhere. Send stamp for reply. Customers as far as Nicaragua, C. A., and St. Lucia, B. W. I. MUSIC ARRANGED and revised for publication satisfactorily. Address W. A. ADAMS 1911 Ninth Street, Northwest TH E CRISIS. 20 6 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WEST PHILADELPHIA BEAUTIFUL PORCH FRONT HOMES FOR SALE Respectable families who are particular and desire to live in a nice locality; every modern convenience. Very low terms arranged. Inspection invited. J. ADAMS, JR., 6815 Market St., Philadelphia. Earn Big Money At home in a pleasant, spare time business of your own. We show you how to manufacture perfumery. Send stamp for free sachet powder formula. M. J. Bailey, 311 Walnut St., Rending, Pa. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. It's yours free THIS SUIT made to your own individual measure, from the finest cloth and high grade linings. It won't cost one cent. We simply ask you to show it to your friends and recommend our clothes. / No Extra Charges of any kind—all the latest fancy styles, golf bottoms, bolt loops, pearl buttons — EVERYTHING FREE. EARN $40 to $60 a WEEK easiest thing in the world. Write at once and get this new big offer. Even if you are an agent for another tailoring house. be sure and write for this new and most liberal offer ever made. Don't Wait! Don't Delay! Drop us a line at once. We pre pay everything. WASHINGTON TAILORING CO., Dept. 404 Chicago WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York We GIVE it to YOU Take this fine Made-to-Quality Measure Suit and don't and Fit pay us one cent for It. GuaranWe want you to get one of our high- teed class suits, absolutely Free,so you . can show it to your friends. It will be a big advertisement for us. _ If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from $35 to $ 5 0Extraeveryweek and besides that be the best- dressed man in your town, it's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. , Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will .send you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to choose from Write Now. Everything 6ent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 981. CHICAGO BUY A LOTinthelargestcityintheworld. Only $10.00 down and $5.00 monthly. Located just beyond New York City line with its population of 6,000, 000. 5c. fare to Broadway Subway 242d street. Our lots are free and clear, no mortgage on them. High ground; public school nearby; good neighborhood; near largest carpet mills in the world. Will furnish banking references. 22 years in business, Send for full particulars to G. EDWARDS 7 W. 45th St. New York City Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Absolute satisfaction guaranteed Telephones: Central 104-W Main 61 HARRY EL DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 160 7 Williamson Building Cleveland. Ohio General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Office,: Suite 80 2 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNBYS-AT-LAW 2 1 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BR ANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City Agents $60 Weekly Robinson Folding BathTub. Big seller.Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, much better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily made. Write for free tub offer. Robinson CABINET Mfg. co 4853FactoriesBldg., Toledo,Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F. Downing) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 THE NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein).. .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.50 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 MY LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson) . . 1.25 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) .60 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Wood son) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick-Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS :: 70 Fifth Avenue, New York KASHMIR FOR HAIR AND SKIN The COLORED RED CROSS NURSE is ready to "do her bit" for Humanity, Democracy and her Country, Will PREJUDICE give her a chance to prove her worth? "The Kashmir Kashmir Preparations "Better Than The Best." Ready to do their share toward improving your hair and skin and mak ing you more beautiful. Will you give Kashmir a chance? Try it once and you'll never be without it. Kash mir brings results. Way"~-FIRST AID to Beauty FREE FREE KASHMIR Hair Grower The Famous Kashmir Beauty Cold Cream book. Tells all about the Vanishing Cream Kashmir Way. Write for Cream Skin Balm your copy today. New Liquid Powder edition just out. Dandruff Remedy Powder (6 shades) AGENTS WANTED Money back if you are not 50c Postage 4c pleased. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K, 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill. Barnett Advertising- Service.