The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 6.—Vol. II. TUESDAY, JUNE 1st, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: harriet shaw weaver. Contributing Editor: dora marsden, b.a. Assistant Editor: richard aldington. CONTENTS. page Views and Comments. By Dora Marsden....85 Two Notes. By May Sinclair...... 88 New Poetry. By Richard Aldington..... 89 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska....91 Pushkin and the Russian Opera. By M. Montagu-Nathan,.........92 page Serial Story.—A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce........ 93 Poems.—By Richard Aldington, Frances Gregg, Helen Hoyt and Anna Wickham........ 96 Notes on Modern German Poetry. By A. W. G. Randall. 96 " Loose Leaves." By Richard Aldington..... 98 Correspondence........ 98 VIEWS AND COMMENTS WITH the subsidence of the parsonic cackle startled into being by the discovery that " Culture " in some places might be spelt with a " K," it becomes seemly again to raise the question of its meaning and function. One fact is already established. Anglo-Saxon intelligence must arrive at an accurate apprehension of the nature of cultures if Anglo-Saxon supremacy is not to be finally and definitely relinquished. Save for such as desire by preference to be blind to its significance, " Culture " is not a term bearing a doubtful meaning. What culture is and what it is not readily becomes patent to any average mind which will lend the necessary attention to it. As the orators have insisted ad nauseam in affirming, Culture is not necessarily an affair of the schools. But then no more is it an affair of the pulpit, though for an established order of society pulpit and school will constitute the main arteries of its circulatory system. Nor is Culture identical with politeness and refinement—though again for a paramount order politeness and refinement are attributes necessarily incumbent upon a Society's more powerful members to the important end that they furnish an example for the less powerful. Politeness and refinement are fashions devised with a view to their respectful emulation by the subordinate. Not because the ruling caste require the adornment, but because it is necessary to them that the lower classes should hold it in esteem, is politeness an integral part of culture for the masses and, because Rank knows ¦what is due to it, for the classes also. The inculcation of politeness is part of Rank's necessary task of discouraging rebellion and robbing restiveness of its dangerous character. Culture, however, cannot be limited to any of these things. A culture is the term applied to any encouraging activity. It takes its meaning in relation to some definite purpose whose realization it is its mission to effect. Detached from such specific governing interest and purpose, culture is as meaningless as the activities of breeder or agriculturist, or any variety of scientist would be unrelated to the type of growth which their interests inspire them to foster. A culture implies primarily the existence of a purpose: which purpose in the course of its own realization finally begets the culture as the aptest adjustment of means to ends. For different ends different means, and necessarily therefore different cultures. The nature of a culture varies according to the character of the material through which it has to operate as well as according to the particular purpose it seeks to further: as in agriculture, horticulture, and type and stock-raising of all sorts. Moral (i.e. verbal) culture is the encouraging of different species of conduct according as these are in keeping with paramount State interests: for which interests preachers and teachers are the mouthpieces. Types of conduct which are favourable become flowers of Virtue ; such as are hostile are weeds: Sin and Crime. As sedulously as a gardener feeds the roots of the elect and desired growths while he ruthlessly uproots the undesired, and on a like principle, Verbal culture applauds or shouts down the friendly and hostile activities. Alternately to flatter and scold " the people " by the spoken or written word, to indoctrinate them into peaceful, unquestioning acquiescence in the supremacy of power of those who inculcate it, is the Purpose of the culture of school and pulpit. What specifically will be decried and what applauded depends on the exigencies of the case and the situation of the moment: not upon some " absolute " right or absolute wrong. Conduct is not wrong " in itself " any more than a weed is wrong because it is not a rose. Rightness or wrong-ness have no relation to the things, but only to the desire and purpose of the cultivator who ultimately passes judgment on them. For a supreme State, the mistake which England has made in regard to Culture is to imagine that all culture is one: that it promulgates commands which can be 86 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 universally affirmed. Such a mistake can go unpaid for, only for a brief space of time. A supreme state requires a minimum of two cultures at least: one for its own guidance as a ruling and dominant order and one for the peoples whom it rules and dominates. And of the two, the first is the more important. The Christian, humanitarian, democratic culture which is all-pervasive wherever Anglo-Saxon influences penetrate, is most excellent as a civilizing agency, that is, as satisfying the needs of the second sort of culture. As a refinement, as a sedative, it is unequalled. Within its own fold, it inclines even the yapping dogs to sleep, and it allows all sleeping dogs to lie. Only such of the governed as are restive under all government have a word to say against it, while the governors praise it. It spares the susceptibilities of the people. It produces those obedient and willing servants which a good master instinctively knows how to create. Only the raw and newly established are unafraid of rubbing subordinates the wrong way. Christian Democracy is very popular. But this popularity of democracy hatches its own Nemesis. The spirit of Democracy breeds " Principles." Out of an efficient method it culls a universal theory. A " Principle " is the name given in Morals to Habits universally acclaimed. And this is non-plussing—for a supreme State. What was intended for the Part is now applied to the Whole. Democracy as a Principle inverts an entire relationship. The rulers are hoist on their own petard. The gentle flatten, whose sole purpose was to make government easy, mistakenly takes itself as a primary concern, into conformity with which government should shape itself. The means are confused with the purpose: to the detriment and finally to the uttermost danger of that Purpose. The intelligence of the English ruling classes has become stupefied with its own stentorousness as to proper behaviour among the Masses, and the Culture meant for civilizing the people only, has civilized, softened, enervated, filched of their necessary ferocity, the governors themselves. The rulers have lapped up for their own nourishment doctrines which for them are poisonous. They have come to " believe in " Democracy, whereas all that was necessary or desirable was that by the people it should be believed in. For them such belief is advisable. Flattery is only effective when it is appreciated. Unapprehended compliments bring in small returns. But when rulers, Narcissus-like, fall in love with the refined and submissive mask they have put on only pour encourager ces aufres, and the one culture is applied to ruled and rulers alike, the results are such as we see them to-day. The contented, conceited people and the disarmed and deceived rulers which a democratic diet has produced make excellent servants: so excellent as servants indeed that the excellence which belongs to ruling has passed beyond their comprehension. Hence there is nothing to make them pause in nominating servants as masters, and in transplanting a Servant-culture to Master precincts. So men without the instincts to rule and possessing only the instincts to flatter and be flattered assume the government: even such as are not born servants among them being so hypnotized by the popular clamour that they identify themselves with it. The submersion of the English governing class in a culture which is the negation of government has become practically complete. It would probably be impossible to find one man in public life in an English-speaking community who would be able to explain why, from their very nature, cultures are necessarily multiple and often necessarily contradictory, and that opposing counsel for conduct on the self-same lips to different sections of the State can be anything other than gross deceit. So firmly has the idea of " easy" government—government by flattery—taken hold of the mind of the governing castes that the very supremacy for the retention of which the manhood of the Empire is being offered up is acknowledged only obliquely, and all its implications are blinked at. Doubtless the tendency to sink to this level inheres in the very condition of being supreme. Supremacy implying not only the attaining but the day-to-day exercise of dominant power, is charged in the latter with a task wearing and irksome compared with the difficulty of the former. Immediately a power is established, a harassing, menacing resistance is offered to it from within, a resistance which it is the sole business for civilization to placate. Civilization is the steady discouragement of the use of physical force, and for such a purpose a Christian, humanitarian, democratic, each-for-all Culture does very well. Under it, the love of peace and goodwill flourishes and the absolute (i.e. non-relative) value which is given to courses of conduct is perhaps accorded out of a grateful sense of difficulties admirably overcome. Hence the necessity for an articulate Master-morality. A genuine ruler—a born King—who has the instinct to rule needs no morality. He is so aware of his own purpose and what it requires, his touch for the expedient is so sensitive and alert, that a morality, even a Master-morality, is a crudity. But for the guidance of the kings who are not born but made something like a morality of the expedient is apparently necessary. They need to learn off, parrot-like, that a supreme State has no business whatsoever to place any save a relative value upon the kinds of conduct which it makes obligatory for its members and that what is expedient for its own preservation as a supreme State is its sole purpose. To it, all things are but a means to one end: the continued supremacy of the State, and since even the humblest members among the governed will be called upon to back this supremacy with his life, the least which the governed demand of their rulers is that they themselves shall back it with supreme awareness and watchfulness. For rulers to be diverted by the wiles of any morality save this of safeguarding the supremacy of the State is the one sort of immorality which the ruled can least afford and are least tolerant of when they realize it. The maintenance of the unchallengeable supremacy of its fighting arms: the preparation in advance of new means of offence, the play of its diplomacy at home and abroad, is as much a necessity for their security of mind as is the orderly rotation of the days. For rulers to fall short of such precautions, as the English rulers persistently have fallen, is a request to enemies abroad for deposition, and for the bitter contempt and hatred of the governed at home who have trusted in them. In fact, weak rule, which shrinks from the harsh exigencies involved in ruling, is the dry-rot which eats into and undermines the peace of the World. In a World-State, weak rule is a standing invitation to embark upon wholesale slaughter. The moving cause of the devastated homes within the Empire, and from one end of the earth to the other, is the wretched philosophy which has prevailed among the British ruling castes. For their effrontery in assuming the administration of a power of which the most important implications were unknown or deprecated ; for all their sins of omission, culpable even if unconscious, the place for every Minister who has held a governing office for the last half-century is the pillory. What agony there is in the world—the Lusitanias and the dead, the wounded and the heart-stricken—is to be laid to their account. A responsible Minister able to say that two days before the war broke out he was wholly unaware of its imminence needs to be reminded that, rightly, such ignorance would not be adequately paid for with his life. To have allowed a nation to grow great and put itself itself in a position to break the peace of the World—the Pax Britannica— is the real crime of Britain. To have waited until its claws were fully grown before finding occasion to settle its quarrel with her is the count which the world has against her. Her defence—that she relied upon Right— merely caps defects with stupidity. A predominant State relying on Right is an absurdity. Right and itself are one. " The people," in normal circumstances, may be encouraged to rely on Right as a child may rely on a parent, but it is meaningless for a supreme State to rely for its defence on Right. The phrase amounts to something like " Reliance on Reliance." The feeling that one may trust for the safeguarding of one's Rights in something other than oneself is due to the belief, real or mistaken, that there is a Might to enforce them available and at our command. A Right is a guaran- June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 87 teed Claim to Control, in certain definite limited affairs. The weight of the emphasis falls not on the Claim but upon the Guarantee. One may claim the moon or the whole round earth, but only those claims are " Right " for which the force to secure them is available. The power successfully to overcome any resistance to the claim by physical violence is the very stuff and substance of Right. The basic substance of Right, therefore, is the power of a State supreme to the degree that its power to do physical violence cannot be resisted or overcome. Rights, therefore, are State-born emanations, just as laws are the State-born lines of limitation, indicating how far rights extend and the pains and penalties which will result from pressing them beyond such limits. The rights correspond to status, and status is the index of individual power within the greater enveloping power of the State which guarantees its continuance at the status indicated. Rights are the passports given to correspond to such status: they are the contractional terms into which Mights (i.e. forces) are translated. The fetish about the "spiritual basis" of Rights is the outcome of a brace of mistakes which have fastened on the idea: first, that Force, including every device of offensive weapon, every intelligent use of means of destruction, can be anything other than" Spirit," " Of the Soul," if one can still use the term ; and secondly, the erroneous and carefully encouraged belief in the Sanctity of the Word: the " Scraps of paper ": which embody the terms of right after their virtue has gone from them: after they have ceased to be adequately backed by physical force, that is. Governing orders encourage the belief in this transcendent and pseudo-spiritual basis because it is as momentarily convenient as ultimately it is dangerous to let its Might (its guaranteeing power) lapse, when it must perforce rely upon the impressive and hypnotic effect of verbal terminology and the scraps of paper to retain respect for Rights. So it is not surprising that the people become utterly ibemazed as to the nature of " rights," and imagine that a State may allow its power to decline and yet retain its Rights intact and inviolate. But it is quite otherwise. When a State allows its power to lapse its Rights lapse automatically, and this particularly so in the case of a world-State because upon this is woven the entire nexus of international rights in which are involved the guaranteed claims of all lesser States. A world-Power lacking the patent power to maintain itself thus becomes an open invitation to disorder and disruption. It is the apparent powerlessness of England which has so powerfully encouraged the activities of Germany. The sceptre falling from nerveless hands is an invitation for stronger hands to raise it up. Clearly, during a war for supremacy, the overhauling of the concept of Libert/ becomes an unavoidable necessity. Liberty will begin to be apprehended in its accurate meaning of Power, not as a claim to unlimited permission. When the power of the State is threatened its " liberty " is threatened—even its Freedom to confer liberty, and consequently the Power of the individuals identified for sentimental or material reasons with the challenged State must be precarious and on the balance. For the time being the power of individuals must be pooled in order to give the State a chance to recover the supremacy which enables it to bestow and guarantee individual powers—liberties. That is why in the distressing times of national danger " Socialism " becomes a distressing necessity, as it explains why the socialistic organization of Germany has been going forward for years past with a view to turning it into one huge camp. Therefore, unless we can be genuinely cosmopolitan: unattached wanderers ready to snatch the advantage where we find it and permitted to do so—and States are rightfully suspicious of such persons and discourage them: we must of necessity become State-servants without reserve.' It is the one situation where " In for a penny " means " In for a pound." We fight for the State to the uttermost without option, and identify ourselves with England with, an intensity English patriots have not yet understood. They would do well to consider and try to understand the spirit of the German commentator upon the loss of the Lusitania who held that the sparing of the life of one German soldier justified the destruction of a hundred Lusitanias. And so it does: or, rather, the life of one English soldier justifies the utmost damage—to body, spirit, or possessions—which we can inflict upon the enemy. It not merely justifies: it imperiously demands it. The only embargo on the extensiveness and intensiveness of damage is—expediency. Frightfulness—if it will affright —is obviously the humanest method in war. War is not a game. It is a struggle for mastery like a struggle between two wild beasts. Any means which will conquer quickly and decisively are the means to be insisted on. Therefore, it is for those who have tried to infiltrate ferocity into a herd-like people now to endeavour to infiltrate a like spirit into rulers—even though the doing so means the demanding of the com-pletest, if temporary, socialism. Inevitably, those who knew why they resisted socialism in times of peace know best why it should be insisted on in times of war. Those who have taught that if the herd would increase their Rights they must first increase their Might—their Power of Spirit—will only be reaffirming the same doctrine that Right is bred of Might when they demand that the Fount of Right shall now by every means increase its fighting power, even should those means necessitate the annulling of all pre-existent Rights among its members. " Annul " is scarcely the word either: they are already dissolved by the simple fact that the State-power is being challenged. What rights we shall ever have in England again the English people have now to earn. The Fount has dried up. We have to bore afresh before we reach water again, and a first task is to supply the rulers with a language. Their misleading speech is paralysing the people. That an extensively read organ like the Daily News should be allowed to continue at its insiduous task of blanching the blood of the people is monstrous: incredible folly. Such forces should be suppressed—not some time, but now. Everything which militates against the British Empire becoming a military camp until victory is assured is treason. Ministers who are feeble, far more than those who have blundered, should be treated as Enemies of the People. And like Rulers, like People. Each citizen of the Empire should be made to understand that his labour as well as his fighting arm already is conscript: his labour, his intelligence, possessions, all that he has. He is merely a unit divested of rights, good only to be commanded. Labour, manufacture, military training, education, research, wealth, re-population exist or are planned to one end only: Victory. All lives are already forfeit, and if lives, then all that belongs to them. There exists one crime only for rulers and people alike—waste of power on other ends. No conscription forsooth! We are all conscript from the old and decrepit to the children not yet born. At such a time lives are con ceived into conscription. Our very right to decline has lapsed and will be regained only—if ever—with the establishment of the Pax Germanica, or the re establishment of the Pax Britannica. The Rights of Peace and Supremacy arrive together. The delayers of peace are those who would temper down the ferocity which would wage war only at its deadliest. To be innocuous these people should be attached to no man's country but remain the true cosmopolitans: the benevolent friends of all, " too proud " to wish any man's destruction. Those who, willy-nilly, needs must fight will fight to win. They will prefer the war-weapons of Heaven to those of Hell if—and only—those are the more efficient instruments of destruction: if they will kill or maim better, that is. The genuinely execrable instrument of war is the would-be-deadly one which falls one degree short of the deadliness of their opponent's. An army so mal-provided may well change sides and even so fall short of expressing its full contempt for rulers who can misconceive the business of an army so. D. M. 88 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 TWO NOTES By May Sinclair I. ON H. D. II. ON IMAGISM I I HAVE been immensely interested in Mr. Harold Monro's " Imagists Discussed." It is always interesting to watch a man on a sharp fence trying to preserve a sane and dignified equilibrium. Mr. Monro excites sympathy. He is so sincerely anxious to appear balanced before he slithers irrevocably down into the field where the Imagists are not; so innocently eager to be supported in his attitude by Ben Jonson, Dryden, Addison, Burke, Samuel Johnson, Coleridge, Wordsworth, and—" even Matthew Arnold." He must trot them all out before he can make up his mind to praise the poetry of H. D. ; poetry that for sheer emotion, for clean-cut and perfect beauty, stands by itself in its own school. It is as if he asked himself, " Now I wonder what Samuel Johnson would have said to H. D.'s ' Oread ' "? He is just going to be passably polite about it when he pulls himself up—" Yet I remember that sentence of Lowell's: ' Imagination, et cetera.' " You see, he thinks that Lowell would say H. D. hadn't got any. He quotes the " Oread." Whirl up, sea— Whirl your pointed pines Splash your great pines On our rocks, Hurl your green over us, Cover us with your pools of fir. And he finds fault with H. D., not because she gives him images, but because she has only given him " one image." Has he never been on a hill, in or under a pine-wood, when it is tossed about by the wind? Doesn't he see that in this one image there are many things—colour, movement, sound and energy, the whole appearance and the passion of the pine-wood and the wind, that there are at least three passions and three agonists, the pine-wood, the wind, and the " Oread " who desires to be covered with the pine-waves, to be splashed, to play with the tumult of the pine-wood and the wind? The miracle is that H. D. has got it all into six lines, into twenty-five words. And Mr. Monro, instead of thanking his gods for the miracle, counts the number of lines and the number of words and says there aren't enough of them: " It is petty poetry." He seems to doubt whether H. D. has " Imagination " enough to sustain her through a longer poem than this. Well—there is " Hermes of the Ways," which is longer by a score of lines. It is too well known to readers of The Egoist for me to quote it. I can add nothing to Mr. Flint's praise of it. I can only say that if H. D. had never written anything else this would be enough to place her among the small, the very small, number of poets who have once in their lives achieved perfection. If you are sworn to admire nothing but Swinburne, or Rossetti, or Mrs. Browning or Robert Browning and their imitators for ever and ever, you may reject the " Hermes " because there is no " passion " in it. But why, in Heaven's name, should there be passion in it? Haven't we had enough of passion and of the sentiment that passed for passion all through the nineteenth century? We can't hope to escape the inevitable reaction. And isn't it almost time to remind us that there is a beauty of restraint and stillness and flawless clarity? The special miracle of those Victorian poets was that they contrived to drag their passion through the conventional machinery of tneir verse, and the heavy decorations that they hung on it. I do not know how anybody who does not feel the beauty of H. D.'s poem is to be shown it. I do not know by what test you can tell whether any verse is poetry or not. I think it is a question of magic. And if you cannot feel in these verses, not only the " slight flavour of brine " perceived by Mr. Monro, but the sense of enchantment, of grave things not known and about to be, the frisson of immortality impending—then (I am afraid) you are past praying for. To me H. D. is the most significant of the Imagists, the one for whom Imagism has most triumphantly " come off." It is not necessary for poetry to prove anything, but to my ignorance—and I approached the Imagists with a profound ignorance—the poetry of H. D. proves the power of the clean, naked, sensuous image to carry the emotion without rhyme—not, I think, without rhythm ; the best Imagist poems have a very subtle and beautiful rhythm—and always without decoration. II Mr. Monro's main contention seems to be that if Imagism is anything at all it is not a new thing. I am not sure that I know, any better than Mr. Monro, what Imagism is, But I am pretty certain which of several old things it is not. It is not Symbolism. It has nothing to do with image-making. It abhors Imagery. Imagery is one of the old worn-out decorations the Imagists have scrapped. The Image is not a substitute ; it does not stand for anything but itself. Presentation not Representation is the watchword of the school. The Image, I take it, is Form. But it is not pure form. It is form and substance. It may be either the form of a thing—you will get Imagist poems which are as near as possible to the naked presentation of a thing, with nothing, not so mucn as a temperament or a mood, between you and it. A good instance is Amy Lowell's " The Bath" (Mr. Flint's " Swan " and Mr. Richard Aldington's " Tube " occur to me)—or the Image may be the form of a passion, an emotion or a mood (H. D.'s " Oread " and " Mid-Day"). The point is that the passion, the emotion or the mood is never given as an abstraction. And in no case is the Image a symbol of reality (the object) ; it is reality (the object) itself. You cannot distinguish between the thing and its image. You can, I suppose, distinguish between the emotion and its image, but only as you distinguish between substance and its form. What the Imagists are " out for " is direct naked contact with reality. You must get closer and closer. Imagery must go. Symbolism must go. There must be nothing between you and your object. For H. D. the tossing pines are not the symbol of her " Oread " mood. They are the image of her mood. The " hot shrivelled seeds," " the spent fruit-pods," " the blackened stalks of mint" in "Mid-Day" are the image of her drought. But they are not its symbol. The fusion is complete. I am trying to state the Imagist position as far as I understand it. But there are difficulties. Who is to say where the Image ends and Imagery begins? When Dante says he saw the souls of the damned falling like leaves down the banks of Acheron: Come d'autunno si levan le foglie l'una appresso dell' altra, infin che'l ramo Rende alia terra tutte le sue spoglie. it is an image, and it is also imagery. It makes no difference whether he says they are leaves or only like leaves. The flying leaves are the perfect image of the damned souls. Only the identity is incomplete. But when Sir John Suckling says his lady's feet peep in and out, like small mice when she walks about (or whatever he did say) he is only using imagery. The mice are not a perfect image of his lady's feet, only a partial and imperfect image of their appearance. When Milton sees Satan perched like a cormorant he has got something between imagery and the image. June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 89 When Keats sees Magic casements opening on the foam Of perilous seas in fairylands forlorn, he is in one sense a perfect Imagist since his Image is the thing he sees. In another he is hardly an Imagist at all. He gets his thrill, not directly through his Images, his casements and his foam and his seas and fairylands, but tortuously and surreptitiously through adjectives which Imagists would die rather than use— not because they would deny that those two lines are supremely beautiful but because that sort of thing has become mush in the hands of its imitators. A true Image cannot lend itself to mush. But—it is difficult. You cannot draw a hard and fast line except perhaps between Keats and Sir John Suckling. It is all a question of closeness, more or less closeness. And Mr. Monro is right. Imagism is not a new thing. But in aiming at closeness, in discarding imagery, in rejecting every image that is not close enough, the Imagists are doing, for the first time, consciously and deliberately and always what the Victorian poets, at any rate, only did once or twice in a blue moon. The Imagists may abhor my point of view and repudiate this statement of their case. I am not sure that the strict Imagist formula recognizes moods. But Imagist practice knows better. Amy Lowell tries for the direct presentation of the Bath. But she cannot get rid of the poe^ in the bath-tub. Richard Aldington presents his compartment in the Tube railway carriage with the most brutal directness. But the whole point of the presentation is in the last three lines: I surprise the same thought In the brasslike eyes: " What right have you to live? " His mood is hostile to the Tube. And in his bitter poem it is the hostility, the mood that counts. It is the Tube " d, travers un temperament" in spite of the formula. Almost anybody else can do the " brown woodwork pitted with brass nails " and " the flickering background of fluted dingy tunnel " for him. But if you ask whether it is not always the emotion, the mood, the temperament, and not the Image that counts, the answer to that is that you cannot have the one without the other. That is why Imagism and Imitation are incompatible. The Imagists have been depreciated as imitators. This because they are following the formula, obeying the rules of the game. But properly speaking the Imagist who is an Imagist cannot imitate. It is fancy, not imagination, that is concerned with symbols and with imagery. You can analyse its processes. You can also imitate them. But Imagination which alone creates Images is an indivisible act. For each imagination its image is ultimate and unique. No other Imagist's Image will serve its turn. But the novelty of the form makes superficial resemblances striking and obscures the profoundest differences. I know that when I read the first Imagist Anthology, I thought " But they're all doing the same thing. For the life of me I can't tell the difference bet we en H. D. and Richard Aldington.'' Only Ezra Pound stood out as an individual. For the simple reason that I knew his poems by heart already. Well, they are all doing the same thing, but doing it with such a difference that I wonder now at the vastness of the formula that includes Richard Aldington and H. D., to say nothing of the others. I am tired of these charges and counter-charges. For all poets, old and new, the poetic act is a sacramental act with its rubric and its ritual. The Victorian poets are Protestant. For them the bread and wine are symbols of Reality, the body and the blood. They are given " in remembrance." The sacrament is incomplete. The Imagists are Catholic ; they believe in Trans-substantiation. For them the bread and wine are the body and the blood. They are given. The thing is done. Ita Missa est. The formula may lead to some very ugly ritual, but that is the fault of the Imagist not of Imagism. For I do not say that their practice is invariably equal to their theory ; or that in practice they are always equal to themselves. Sometimes I wish they would leave off theorizing and practise till they are perfect. There are lots of things that can be said against the whole movement ; but I do not think that its present hour of heroic immaturity is the time to say them. [I am in the wilds of Yorkshire with none of the literature of Imagism to refer to but the current number of The Egoist. If I have quoted or cited anybody incorrectly I hope I may be forgiven.—M. S.] NEW POETRY By Richard Aldington IT is pleasant to know that the war has not put an end to the Poetry Bookshop's publishing, though Poetry and Drama is temporarily suspended. This production of new poetry in clear type on good paper at so small a price is an admirable attempt to attract the interest of those English people who will spend several pounds on a dinner or some more doubtful pleasure, and yet are too mean or too indifferent to spend half-a-crown on a book. The library system has greatly contributed to discourage the art of prose and the art of poetry. The Poetry Bookshop productions are a step in the right direction. Moreover, since an old and very wealthy country like this tends towards less and less interest in the arts, it is a fine thing to have decent books printed at a price which " poor scholars " can afford. These publications have been, and will continue to be, successful. It is not necessary for me to add much to what was said of Mr. James Elroy Flecker's work in the article published in the March Egoist soon after Mr. Flecker's death. Mr. Flecker was a very fine example of what I may call " the university poet," a man of scholarship in the sense that he had a wide appreciation of European literature. He had read the Parnassians and Sym-bolistes very carefully, and though he could not exactly have been very much in sympathy with the later developments of French poetry he was doing admirable work by translating poems of Samain, Henri de Regnier, Moreas, and Paul Fort. His article on Paul Fort was a well-informed piece of criticism, and announced to many Englishpeople the existence of that poet which before that had not been suspected. For some considerable time The Egoist has been hammering at people to read French poetry ; we agreed entirely with Mr. Flecker when he said that young poets in England were too stay-at-home, and advised them to take a trip abroad and then rediscover England. Excellent advice, which The Egoist poets had acted upon long before it was given by Mr. Flecker. In this postumous work, " The Old Ships," * there are several very pleasing poems. Mr. Flecker was profoundly certain that poetry was an art, a fact which most of his contemporaries and elders had not discovered —they appear to have imagined that it was a kind of mental mushroom which sprang up in a second at a word from Almighty God. I do not say that Mr. Flecker's ideals of what the art of poetry should be exactly coincide with my own ; I should have liked, for instance, to see him a little less lofty and more human, a little more austere and less pretty, a little less tinged with the haughty superiority which infects the blood of young men who sojourn for long beside the Cam or the Isis ; but at the same time I should like to bring my small homage to a man who worked hard and disinterestedly for his art. I will not dwell upon several things which for me very much lessen his importance as a poet, but leave readers to draw their conclusions from these two poems: * " The Old Ships," by James Elroy Flecker. Poetry Book Shop, Is. net. 90 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 THE OLD SHIPS I have seen old ships sail like swans asleep Beyond the village which men still call Tyre, With leaden age o'ercargoed, dipping deep For Famagusta and the hidden sun That rings black Cyprus with a lake of fire ; And all those ships were certainly so old Who knows how oft with squat and noisy gun, Questing brown Blaves or Syrian oranges, The pirate Genoese Hell raked them till they rolled Blood, water, fruit and corpses up the hold. But now through friendly seas they softly run, Painted the mid-sea blue or shore-sea green, Still patterned with the vine and grapes in gold. But I have seen Pointing her shapely shadows from the dawn And image tumbled on a rose-swept bay A drowsy ship of some yet older day ; And, wonder's breath indrawn, Thought I—who knows—who knows—but in that same (Fished up beyond iEnea, patched up new —Stern painted brighter blue—) That talkative, bald-headed seaman came (Twelve patient comrades sweating at the oar] From Troy's doom-crimson shore, And with great lies about his wooden horse Set the crew laughing, and forgot his course. It was so old a ship—who knows, who knows? —And yet so beautiful, I watched in vain To see the mast burst open with a rose, And the whole deck put on its leaves again. PANNYRA OF THE GOLDEN HEEL Albert Samain The revel pauses and the room is still: The silver flute invites her with a trill, And buried in her great veils fold on fold Rises to dance Pannyra, Heel of Gold. Her light steps cross ; her subtle arms impels The clinging drapery ; it shrinks and swells, Hollows and floats, and bursts into a whirl: She is a flower, a moth, a flaming girl. All lips are silent; eyes are all in trance: She slowly wakes the madness of the dance, Windy and wild the golden torches burn, She turns, and swifter yet she tries to turn, Then stops: a sudden marble stiff she stands, The veil that round her coiled its spiral bands, Checked in its course, brings all its folds to rest, And clinging to bright limb and pointed breast Shows, as beneath silk waters woven fine, Pannyra naked in a flash divine! Miss Anna Wickham's " Contemplative Quarry " * is about as great a contrast to " The Old Ships " as one can imagine. Mr. Meeker's book is all gracious reverie, careful notations of ideal beauty, beautifully wrought decoration full of scholarly association ; Anna Wickham's book is a chunk of life. She makes me think of those punching machines on Folkstone pier ; you hit a leather projection and a dial registers the force of the blow. Life hits Anna Wickham and she registers a poem. She is innocent of artistry beyond a sort of natural simplicity. She will trot forth the most appalling doggerel, wreck a good poem with a line like " Be cause no one has courage or skill to organize," and perform other horrors revolting to any one with an ideal of craftsmanship. She even makes couplets that sound worse than Hudibras On the other hand, the personality behind the book is extremely interesting. You get the impression of a woman (you very seldom get the impression of femininity from a woman's book) who is very interested in life and especially in her own life. She wants to know what the devil women are to do with their lives: Alas! for all the pretty women who marry dull men, Go into the suburbs and never come out again, Who lose their pretty faces, and dim their pretty eyes. What do these pretty women suffer when they marry? They bear a boy who is like Uncle Harry, A girl, who is like Aunt Eliza, and not new. These old dull races must breed true. Which is the humorous protest of a sane woman observing the insane things which are exacted from * " The Contemplative Quarry," by Anna Wickham. Poetry Book Shop, 6d. net. her sex by bourgeois rules. She manages to say bitter and satiric and true things with a good deal of humour (she runs the eighteenth-century trick of antithetical rhyme). Her misfortune is to be clear-sighted among the blind, vital among the insipid, natural among the affected, sane among the stupid. SHIP NEAR SHOALS I have been so misused by chaste men with one wife That I would live with satyrs all my life. Virtue has bound me with such infamy That I must fly where Love himself is free, And know all vice but that small vice of dignity. " The Contemplative Quarry " registers the revolt of a human sort of mind from the exasperating restrictions and limitations of English middle-class life. It is not a work of art; it is a series of cartels. It was most worth printing of all four of these books. I quote one more poem: THE TIRED MAN I am a quiet gentleman, And I would sit and dream ; But my wife is on the hillside, Wild as a hill-stream. I am a quiet gentleman, And I would sit and think ; But my wife is walking the whirlwind Through night as black as ink. 0, give me a woman of my race As well controlled as I, And let us sit by the fire, Patient till we die! I have no great interest in the other two books.* Mr. Shanks's book is all right in its way, but it might be one of any score of books published by Elkin Matthews. There is no vividness either of experience or observation or of workmanship ; it is sing-song sort of stuff and rather dull. The last poem in the book has some kind of interest about it; at least it is not that terribly abstract verse. It mentions things one cares about. It is really a good poem. DRILLING IN RUSSELL SQUARE The withered leaves that drift in Russell Square Will turn to dust and mud and moulder there And we shall moulder in the plains of France Before theses leaves have ceased from their last dance. • •••••• The hot sun triumphs through the fading trees, The fading houses keep away the breeze And the autumnal warmth strange dreams doth breed As right and left the faltering columns lead. [knew Squad, 'shun! Form fours I... And once the France we Was a warm distant place with sun shot through, A happy land of gracious palaces, And Paris! Paris! Where twice green the trees Do twice salute the all delightful year! (Though the sun lives, and trees are dying here.) And Germany we thought a singing place, Where in the hamlets dwelt a most contented race, Where th' untaught villager would still compose Delicious things upon a girl or rose. Well, I suppose, all I shall see of France Will be most clouded by an Uhlan's lance, Red fields from cover glimpsed be all I see Of innocent, singing, peasant Germany. Form fours / Re-form two deep I We wheel and pair And still the brown leaves drift in Russell Square. " Spring Morning " by Frances Cornford is a slightly affected sort of book. A pathetic devotion to rhyme is joined to a kind of sentimental mock-simplicity. The following is a good deal better than its fellows, though line five is ridiculous and unnecessary: TO A FAT LADY SEEN FROM THE TRAIN O, why do you walk through the fields in gloves, Missing so much and so much? 0 fat white woman whom nobody loves, Why do you walk through the fields in gloves, When the grass is soft as the breast of doves And shivering sweet to the touch? 0 why do you walk through the fields in gloves, Missing so much and so much? * " Songs," by 'Edward Shanks. Poetry Book Shop, 6rf. net. " Spring Morning," by Francis Cornford. Poetry Book Shop, Is. net. June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST PASSING PARIS AND now, after so long a fast, I think we may be permitted to return to our books. Here have just come in the Amours of Ronsard— who was not, I believe, an imagist but a good poet none the less—and Les Pastorales ou Daphnis et Chloe, the translation from Longus by that Paul-Louis Courier who resented being called a " Hellenist " a term he considered reminiscent of dentist. Both volumes belong to the series Les Maltres du Livre, the circulation of which is limited, published by Cres et Cie, edited by M. Ad. van Bever, with portraits by Eugene Vibert, and ornamented by typographical designs—as distinct from illustrations—in the spirit of the text by Ciol-kowski. The Amours are a faithful reproduction of the first volume published in 1560 under Ronsard's own supervision, the numerous discrepancies with which the publishers of his time had deformed his writings, rendering them, as he said, unrecognisable to their author (que a peine les a ledict Ronsard peu recognoistre, in the words of a notary's act), having induced him to protect them from further damage by a royal sanction for their copyright to a single bookseller, one Gabriel Buon, who issued them in four volumes: the Amours, the Odes, the Poesmes and the Hymnes, taking six years for their complete impression. Once since then a certain Blanchemain had, in 1856, proposed to bring out an edition in exact conformity with the original text, but it appears his claim is unwarranted. M. van Bever has adhered to the spelling of the Renaissance, unifying it, however, but has, wisely, excluded the quite superfluous commentaries of a certain Muret and a certain Belleau, critics of that age. The Amours represent the flower of Ronsard's production for, as M. van Bever says in his preface, " his later works were constrained within excessive prudence and piety, the virtuosity gained with practice not compensating for the loss in sincerity and ardour." The " Noble Homme Pierre de Ronsard Gentihomme Vandomoys " (otherwise: Nobleman of Vendome) once wrote a poem which forms singular and suggestive reading at this hour. He addressed it to Queen Elizabeth, with whom he was proud to claim a link of cousinship. It ran: " N'offensez point par armes ni par noise, Si m'en croyez, la province gauloise... Le Gaulois semble au saule verdissant: Plus on le coupe et plus il est naissant, Et rejetonne en branches davantage, Prenant vigueur de son propre dommage. Pour ce, vivez comme amiables sceurs: Car les combats, les sceptres ne sont seurs. Quand vous serez ensemble bien unies, L'amour, la foi, deux belles compagnies, Viendront ca-bas les cceurs vous echauffer, Puis, sans harnois, sans armes et sans fer, Et sans le dos d'un corselet vous ceindre, Ferez vos noms par tout Europe craindre, Et l'age d'or verra de toutes parts Fleurir les lys entre les leopards." These lines read prophetic to-day. The other revival is the graceful but incorrect rendering of Amyot, the sixteenth-century translator of Plutarch, revised and completed by Paul-Louis Courier in accordance with his discovery of a manuscript giving the text in its integrity, at the Monastery of Monte Cassini near Florence. The present version is a reprint of that published in 1825, the year of Paul-Louis Courier's death, but adds to it a philological commentary not included in that edition. The history of Paul-Louis Courier's discovery with the persecutions, difficulties and annoyances of all kinds connected with its revelation leading almost to his arrest—though he sought no profit by his task, for he made a present of it to publisher and public, as divulged in the correspondence appended— is eloquent of the dangers to which a pioneer in art and science was exposed so late as the beginning of the nineteenth century. It may be allowed to return under this renewed heading, to the verbal record of the Belgian invasion by M. Roland de Mares, of the Independance Beige and Paris Temps, in his La Belgique Envahie (Cres et Cie ; 3 fr. 50) graphically endorsed by M. Franz Masereel, a young artist who took part in the campaign as a fighting soldier. The book is composed of five themes thus headed: La Patrie en Danger, a survey of the circumstances preceding the war ; the invasion ; Le Crime allemand, an account of German proceedings ; a chapter on the formation of the emergency army ; the King; the Queen ; M. Max ; the situation as it now appears under the yoke, anticipations on the country's resurrection. The history of this tragedy is told in self-possessed language, the freedom of emphasis in the choice of epithets and an absence of unnecessary comment favouring confidence in its strict veracity. These qualities accompany, nevertheless, a note of subdued lyricism which attains its height in the chapter on that modern king who takes his place by the side of the great national heroes of history and legend: the Tells, Hofers, Joans—numerous they are not—the most artistic figure in this war and who might be called inspired were his name a few centuries old. " This king," writes M. de Mares, "is conscience embodied. In him duty takes so elevated, noble and vigorous a significance that it assumes a religious aspect.... King Albert made himself known and knew himself ODly, when, on the day following the German ultimatum, he presented himself in the house of the nation before the representatives of the people to cry the war-cry against the invader. Those who saw him there will never forget him. The man who used to be a little shy of manner, a little gauche of gesture, the man with the slow, muffled speech had vanished. Here was a king in all the radiating splendour of those who hold high the sword, and his voice rang like a wind-swept harp. With his fine figure, broad shoulders, strong features strained with emotion, his light eyes looking straight before them, his firm, precise, short gestures— the manner of those who do not discuss, compromise or forgive— he symbolised so perfectly the nation determined not to die that tears of joy rose to all eyes and an excited clamour emanated from the socialist benches which was so stirring that it sent a shiver through the body." He produces the impression of a figure in antiquity or legend. With this man at their head, this man called by chance king, because they have the courage and vitality he embodies for them all, M. de Mares asks that the Belgians be not pitied, for, indeed, the greatness of a country, its independence, the welfare of its future, are measured according to the heroes and leaders into whom it concentrates its ardour, and saviours do not appear on the horizon in vain. And the strangest of spectacles is afforded by this democratic country— somewhat bourgeois, placid, material, commercial as it seemed in spite of its Verhaeren, Maeterlinck and de Coster—led by a king answering to the ideal conception of that word, this people "so long somnolent in the quietude of peace, never having thought of affirming its greatness by the strength of arms, revealing itself a nation of soldiers," this spectacle is " a miracle born of patriotism." And " such a people, whatever be its miseries and sufferings is a chosen people, master of its fate." And stranger and more pathetic than all it is to see that the leader Belgium prayed for in the Middle Ages to deliver it from the Spaniards, the leader who had hitherto only been embodied in the legendary figure of Thyl Ulenspiegel, arises precisely when the foe outdistances the national means of self-defence beyond all former experience. M. Franz Masereel's drawings are as earnest as is the prose of M. de Mares. They show fugitives, soldiers in trenches, German troopers, wounded, flames, ruins, the homeless, floods, and these scenes of terror and devastation are rendered with a simplicity of accent combined with an eloquence of feeling and an absence of the theatrical, in draughts manship of the most robust telling a story of incontestable truthfulness. They are 92 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 drawings such as one would wish to see in the illustrated newspapers, in place of the waxworks-like, melodramatic, sentimental, studio-imagined and generally vulgar effusions therein contained, which, far from impressing or giving a record, repel all but the most infantile. They are neither facts nor comments and their historical value is proportioned to their artistic worth, that is: nil. Le Double Bouquet for May, which appears in its new chocolate-coloured cover, extremely inconsistent with the mission it proclaims incessantly in favour of " beauty " and singularly reminiscent of the worst in German taste, comprises poems by one of the war's young victims, Charles Perrot, and some neat little poemes de guerre written at the front by Charles Moulie who, author of an " homage" to the memory of Renee Vivien whose name is, like that of Mme. de Noailles, among those occurring to the mind when one remembers James Elroy Flecker's affirmation that since the untimely deaths of Samain and Moreas there is little outside the works of Fort, Francis Jammes and Regnier calling for more than respect in contemporary French poetry. Charles Perrot wrote his lines in conditions more propitious: " Je vous ai decouverts au detour de ma route, Alors que je marchais courbe sous un chagrin Que vous ne saurez pas et qui pourtant m'etreint Ce soir obstinement et ranime mon doute. Je me croyais plus seul, plus perdu que jamais, Pour avoir de longs mois vecu parmi la foule En etranger, avec des pleurs que Ton refoule, A renier mon ame et tout ce que j'aimais. Et parceque j'etais celui qui s'analyse Uniquement, sans voir la vie autour de lui, Chaque jour j'enfoncais plus avant dans ma nuit, Quand vous m'avez admis, indigne, a votre eglise." Another among the more important losses to the propagation of art is that of Jules Ecorcheville, founder of S.I.M., and the ring-leader of modern music in France who, as a " lieutenant de reserve," was killed in February by a bullet in the heart " on returning from a perilous reconnaissance." The exact number of victims in the literary fighting ranks now reaches some seventy. M. Jean Variot, author of Les Hasards de la Guerre, is wounded, and M. Martial-Piechaud, author of Le Betour dans La Nuit, is on active service. The heading of this correspondence has been altered not because Paris is expressing detachment from the war, for, on the contrary, its effects are felt as keenly as at any earlier stage in the great upheaval. The ubiquity of the wrecked humanity which has returned to us and which, like a melancholy harlequinade, saddens all prospects with the ironic smile of its bright red and blue, would suffice, were other circumstances not also prevalent, to keep our minds constantly fixed on the grand tragedy. But enthusiasm for the most heroic theme must know an ebb, and when it wanes the theme is cheapened by the strain to keep it flowing. I would not wish to incur the risk of minimising, by inadequate because somewhat worn interpretation, the phases of an epoch which gains in immensity, in horror and in beauty with every day it endures, with every yard of crape added to feminine garb, with every fresh break in life's normal course, with each new chip in a young hero's body. To the marvellous stoicism, to the apparently boundless capacities for self-sacrifice in the twentieth-century French, to the patience of their womankind, but above all to the elasticity and courage of their mankind homage cannot be too often rendered. The only objection to its reiteration is that the words might not be worthy of the deeds. Muriel Ciolkowska. PUSHKIN AND THE RUSSIAN OPERA By M. Montagu-Nathan I ALEXANDER SERGEIEVICH PUSHKIN, beloved of the gods, died in 1837 in his thirty-seventh year. In his case the gods seem to have modified their accustomed procedure ; perhaps they bungled the affair. Pushkin did not die, like Chatterton, of neglect, nor was he " hooted from the stage of life " like Keats. He fell in a duel, the victim of a belief that his wife's honour was in question. His life, though short, was immensely fertile. His achievements are not to be reckoned by mere reference to the catalogue of published works. He inaugurated a new era in Russian literature by striking a note of Nationalism. And he struck that note upon an instrument—the Russian tongue—that had but recently emerged from the hands of those who, in anticipation of the great player who should come, had restrung and tuned it. Pushkin's industrious precursors, Lomonossof the grammarian, Krilof the fabulist, and Karamzin the historian had at length succeeded in cleansing their language of the alien expressions which since Peter the Great had become a serious impediment in the speech of the would-be nationalist. His advent was so confidently anticipated by poets and thinkers of the epoch which preceded him, that it is not easy to decide whether this expectation was born of an intense admiration for the instrument that now lay ready for the magical touch, or whether the need of a great national poet had entered so deeply into their consciousness as to render it pregnant with the hope that became its offspring. Lomonossof, in the preface to his grammar, apotheosised his mother-tongue in terms that must have sounded arrogant to any student of his volume who was not already a worshipper. Patyomkin gives a hint that he was capable of appreciating Catherine's intellectual qualities as well as her physical charm. " Although the Russian language," he wrote in his Memoirs, " has not yet attained that degree of perfection which a brilliant genius may yet impart to it at some future time, yet it is the richest, the most simple and the most picturesque language of modern Europe." These are not the words of a mere sycophantic adventurer. Lastly our own poetic ambassador Bowring, who read abroad for his country's good, was prompted by his study of the Russian language and its literature to predict, when publishing his collection of poems, that on some not far-distant day it would be "an interesting task to compare the maturer charms of Slavonic song with these its earliest gems." An outline of the history of Pushkin's literary career is hardly within the province of the present paper. An epitome of its influence and effect upon Russian literature and music must suffice. It may safely be said that in his work lies the germ of that fecund nationalism that inspires the Russian arts as we know them to-day, and by no means least that of music. In dwelling upon the indebtedness of Russian operatic composers to Pushkin it should be mentioned in passing that the debt of song-writers is, at least in quantity, immeasurably greater. The awakening of a long-dormant nationalism in the Russian literary and musical, as well as in the social, world was caused by a common detonation, the Napoleonic invasion. In the earliest years of his reign the " First Gentleman of Europe" saw fit to adopt- a friendly attitude towards the First Consul of France. But no one can have welcomed more than young Alexander the two fires kindled by Rostoptchin, when it was seen that the sparks from Moscow's conflagration had caused the smouldering Russian nationalism to burst into flame. At this moment Pushkin was at the Tsarskoe Selo June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 93 Lyceum, hungrily devouring Voltaire. Glinka, the father of Russian opera, a lad of eight but already conscious of a musical soul, was being mollycoddled by his grandmother into the valetudinarianism from which he never escaped. Eight years later Pushkin published the work which was to assist in the inauguration of the long and fruitful association of Russia's greatest poet with its most eminent musicians. " Ruslan and Ludmilla " was put forward as an essay in the folk-style. The Russian people, their vision impaired by the dazzling light of foreign gems, acclaimed the work as though it had completely fulfilled its pretensions. But there were carpers who pronounced it " impossible " for the same reasons as those advanced by the aristocracy when in 1836 Glinka's " Life for the Tsar " was produced. A contemporary reviewer considered the appearance of such popular material in a poem as an unwarrantable intrusion. He likened it to a peasant in a salon. In the second instance habitues of opera, pampered with Italianisms, made similar objections on hearing Glinka's imitation of folk-song. They called it " cabmen's music." The opera " Ruslan and Ludmilla " unhappily falls short of the excellence it might have attained. Glinka had a sufficient sense of artistic fitness to be aware that the musical treatment of such a work was not to be lightly undertaken. It was to the poet himself that he went for the libretto of the proposed opera. But Pushkin had hardly acquiesced than the bullet fired by his wife's supposed lover laid him low. Glinka was too much enamoured of his new subject to allow himself thus to be deprived of using it, and Bakhtourin—one of a coterie of literary friends—was called upon to mould the dead poet's material into the required shape. Had Glinka been satisfied with the new partnership all might have been well, but before the libretto was finally completed he had invited the aid of four others, among whom was the poet Kukolnik, for whose tragedy " Prince Kholmsky " Glinka afterwards wrote some incidental music. Certain inequalities of style resulting from this manifold authorship apart, " Rushlan and Ludmilla " is a by no means pale reflection of what it might have been had Pushkin survived a little longer. It worthily heads the splendid and ever-growing list of operas inspired by the great Slav poet, and its influence not only upon opera but on Russian music as a whole is incalculable. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By James Joyce CHAPTER V {continued) THEY passed back through the garden and out through the hall where the doddering porter was pinning up a notice in the frame. At the foot of the steps they halted and Stephen took a packet of cigarettes from his pocket and offered it to bis companion. —I know you are poor—he said. —Damn your yellow insolence—answered Lynch. This second proof of Lynch's culture made Stephen smile again. —It was a great day for European culture—he said— when you made up your mind to swear in yellow.— They lit their cigarettes and turned to the right. After a pause Stephen began: —Aristotle has not defined pity and terror. I have. I say...— Lynch halted and said bluntly: —Stop! I won't listen! I am sick. I was out last night on a yellow drunk with Horan and Goggins.— Stephen went on: —Pity is the feeling which arrests the mind in the presence of whatsoever is grave and constant in human sufferings and unites it with the human sufferer. Terror is the feeling which arrests the mind in the presence of whatsoever is grave and constant in human sufferings and unites it with the secret cause.— —Repeat—said Lynch. Stephen repeated the definition slowly. —A girl got into a hansom a few days ago—he went on—in London. She was on her way to meet her mother whom she had not seen for many years. At the corner of a street the shaft of a lorry shivered the window of the hansom in the shape of a star. A long fine needle of the shivered glass pierced her heart. She died on the instant. The reporter called it a tragic death. It is not.. It is remote from terror and pity according to the terms of my definitions. The tragic emotion, in fact, is a face looking two ways, towards terror and towards pity, both of which are phases of it. You see I use the word arrest. I mean that the tragic emotion is static. Or rather the dramatic emotion is. The feelings excited by improper art are kinetic, desire or loathing. Desire urges us to possess, to go to something ; loathing urges us to abandon, to go from something. The arts which excite them, porno-graphical or didactic, are therefore improper arts. The aesthetic emotion (I used the general term) is therefore static. The mind is arrested and raised above desire and loathing.— —You say that art must not excite desire—said Lynch—I told you that one day I wrote my name in pencil on the backside of the Venus of Praxiteles in the Museum. Was that not desire?— —I speak of normal natures—said Stephen.—You also told me that when you were a boy in that charming Carmelite school you ate pieces of dried cowdung.— Lynch broke again into a whinny of laughter and again rubbed both his hands over his groins but without taking them from his pockets. —0, I did! I did!—he cried. Stephen turned towards his companion and looked at him for a moment boldly in the eyes. Lynch, recovering from his laughter, answered his look from his humbled eyes. The long slender flattened skull beneath the long pointed cap brought before Stephen's mind the image of a hooded reptile. The eyes, too, were reptilelike in glint and gaze. Yet at that instant, humbled and alert in their look, they were lit by one tiny human point, the window of a shrivelled soul, poignant and self-embittered. —As for that—Stephen said in polite parenthesis—we are all animals. I also am an animal.— —You are—said Lynch. —But we are just now in a mental world—Stephen continued.—The desire and loathing excited by improper aesthetic means are really not aesthetic emotions not only because they are kinetic in character, but also because they are not more than physical. Our flesh shrinks from what it dreads and responds to the stimulus of what it desires by a purely reflex action of the nervous system. Our eyelid closes before we are aware that the fly is about to enter our eye.— —Not always—said Lynch critically. —In the same way—said Stephen—your flesh responded to the stimulus of a naked statue, but it was, I say, simply a reflex action of the nerves. Beauty expressed by the artist cannot awaken in us an emotion which is kinetic or a sensation which is purely physical. It awakens, or ought to awaken, or induces, or ought to induce, an aesthetic stasis, an ideal pity or an ideal terror, a stasis called forth, prolonged and at last dissolved by what I call the rhythm of beauty.— —What is that exactly?—asked Lynch. —Rhythm—said Stephen—is the first, formal, aesthetic relation of part to part in any aesthetic whole, or of an aesthetic whole to its part or parts or of any part to the aesthetic whole of which it is a part.— —If that is rhythm—said Lynch—let me hear what you call beauty: and, please remember, though I did eat a cake of cowdung once, that I admire only beauty.— Stephen raised his cap as if in greeting. Then, blushing slightly, he laid his hand on Lynch's thick tweed sleeve. —We are right—he said—and the others are wrong. To speak of these things and to try to understand their 94 THE EGOIST 1 June 1, 1915 nature and, having understood it, to try slowly and humbly and constantly to express, to press out again, from the gross earth or what it brings forth, from sound and shape and colour which are the prison gates of our soul, an image of the beauty we have come to understand—that is art.— They had reached the canal bridge and, turning from their course, went on by the trees. A crude grey light, mirrored in the sluggish water, and a smell of wet branches over their heads seemed to war against the course of Stephen's thought. —But you have not answered my question—said Lynch—What is art? What is the beauty it expresses?— —That was the first definition I gave you, you sleepy-headed wretch—said Stephen—when I began to try to think out the matter for myself. Do you remember the night? Cranly lost his temper and began to talk about Wicklow bacon.— —I remember—said Lynch.—He told us about them flaming fat devils of pigs.— —Art—said Stephen—is the human disposition of sensible or intelligible matter for an aesthetic end. You remember the pigs and forgot that. You are a distressing pair, you and Cranley.— Lynch made a grimace at the raw grey sky and said: —If I am to listen to your aesthetic philosophy give me at least another cigarette. I don't care about it. I don't even care about women. Damn you and damn everything. I want a job of five hundred a year. You can't get me one.— Stephen handed him the packet of cigarettes. Lynch took the last one that remained, saying simply: —Proceed!— —Aquinas—said Stephen—says that is beautiful the apprehension of which pleases.— Lynch nodded. —I remember that—he said—Fulcra sunt quce visa placent.— —He uses the word visa-—said Stephen—to cover aesthetic apprehensions of all kinds, whether through sight or hearing or through any other avenue of apprehension. This word, though it is vague, is clear enough to keep away good and evil which excite desire and loathing. It means certainly a stasis and not a kinesis. How about the true? It produces also a stasis of the mind. You would not write your name in pencil across the hypothenuse of a right-angled triangle.— —No,—said Lynch—give me the hypothenuse of the Venus of Praxiteles.— —Static therefore—said Stephen—Plato, I believe, said that beauty is the splendour of truth. I don't think that it has a meaning but the true and the beautiful are akin. Truth is beheld by the intellect which is appeased by the most satisfying relations of the intelligible: beauty is beheld by the imagination which is appeased by the most satisfying relations of the sensible. The first step in the direction of truth is to understand the frame and scope of the intellect itself, to comprehend the act itself of intellection. Aristotle's entire system of philosophy rests upon his book of psychology and that, I think, rests on his statement that the same attribute cannot at the same time and in the same connexion belong to and not belong to the same subject. The first step in the direction of beauty is to understand the frame and scope of the imagination, to comprehend the act itself of aesthetic apprehension. Is that clear?— —But what is beauty?—asked Lynch impatiently.— Out with another definition. Something we see and like! Is that the best you and Aquinas can do?— —Let us take woman—said Stephen. —Let us take her!—said Lynch fervently. —The Greek, the Turk, the Chinese, the Copt, the Hottentot—said Stephen—all admire a different type of female beauty. That seems to be a maze out of which we cannot escape. I see, however, two ways out. One is this hypothesis: that every physical quality admired by men in women is in direct connexion with the manifold functions of women for the propagation of the species. It may be so. The world, it seems, is drearier than even you, Lynch, imagined. For my part I dislike that way out. It leads to eugenics rather than to aesthetic. It leads you out of the maze into a new gaudy lecture-room where MacCann, with one hand on " The Origin of Species " and the other hand on the New Testament, tells you that you admired the great flanks of Venus because you felt that she would bear you burly offspring and admired her great breasts because you felt that she would give good milk to her children and yours.— —Then MacCann is a sulphur-yellow liar—said Lynch energetically. —There remains another way out—said Stephen, laughing. —To wit?—said Lynch. —This hypothesis—Stephen began. A long dray laden with old iron came round the corner of Sir Patrick Dun's Hospital covering the end of Stephen's speech with the harsh roar of jangled and rattling metal. Lynch closed his ears and gave out oath after oath till the dray had passed. Then he turned on his heel rudely. Stephen turned also and waited for a few moments till his companion's ill-humour had had its vent. —This hypothesis—Stephen repeated—is the other way out: that, though the same object may not seem beautiful to all people, all people who admire a beautiful object find in it certain relations which satisfy and coincide with the stages themselves of all aesthetic apprehension. These relations of the sensible, visible to you through one form and to me through another, must be therefore the necessary qualities of beauty. Now, we can return to our old friend Saint Thomas for another pennyworth of wisdom.— Lynch laughed. —It amuses me vastly—he said—to hear you quoting him time after time like a jolly round friar. Are you laughing in your sleeve?— —McAlister—answered Stephen—would call my aesthetic theory applied Aquinas. So far as this side of aesthetic philosophy extends Aquinas will carry me all along the line. When we come to the phenomena of artistic conception, artistic gestation and artistic reproduction, I require a new terminology and a new personal experience.— —Of course—said Lynch.—After all Aquinas, in spite of his intellect, was exactly a good round friar. But you will tell me about the new personal experience and new terminology some other day. Hurry up and finish the first part.— —Who knows?—said Stephen, smiling.—Perhaps Aquinas would understand me better than you. He was a poet himself. He wrote a hymn for Maundy Thursday. It begins with the words Pange lingua gloriosi. They say it is the highest glory of the hymnal. It is an intricate and soothing hymn. I like it: but there is no hymn that can be put beside that mournful and majestic processional song, the " Vexilla Regis" of Venantius Fortunatus.— Lynch began to sing softly and solemnly in a deep bass voice: Inpleta sunt quce concinit David fldeli carmine Dicendo nationibus Regnavit a lingo Deus. —That's great!—he said, well pleased.—Great music!— They turned into Lower Mount Street. A few steps from the corner a fat young man, wearing a silk neckcloth, saluted them and stopped.—Did you hear the results of the exams.?—he asked.—Griffin was plucked. Halpin and O'Flynn are through the Home Civil. Moonan got fifth place in the Indian. O'Shaughnessy got fourteenth. The Irish fellows in Clark's gave them a feed last night. They all ate curry.— His pallid bloated face expressed benevolent malice, and, as he had advanced through his tidings of success, his small fat-encircled eyes vanished out of sight and his weak wheezing voice out of hearing. In reply to a question of Stephen's his eyes and his voice came forth again from their lurking-places. June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 95 —Yes, MacCullagh and I—he said.—He's taking pure mathematics and I'm taking constitutional history. There are twenty subjects. I'm taking botany too. You know I'm a member of the Field Club.— He drew back from the other two in a stately fashion and placed a plump woollen-gloved hand on his breast, from which muttered, wheezing laughter at once broke forth. —Bring us a few turnips and onions the next time you go out—said Stephen drily—to make a stew.— The fat student laughed indulgently and said: —We are all highly respectable people in the Field Club. Last Saturday we went out to Glenmalure, seven of us.— —With women, Donovan?—said Lynch. Donovan again laid his hand on his chest and said: —Our end is the acquisition of knowledge.— Then he said quickly: —I hear you are writing some essay about aesthetics.— Stephen made a vague gesture of denial. —Goethe and Lessing—said Donovan—have written a lot on that subject, the classical school and the romantic school and all that. The Laocoon interested me very much when I read it. Of course it is idealistic, German, ultra-profound.— Neither of the others spoke. Donovan took leave of them urbanely. —I must go—he said softly and benevolently—I have a strong suspicion, amounting almost to a conviction, that my sister intended to make pancakes to-day for the dinner of the Donovan family.— —Good-bye—Stephen said in his wake.—Don't forget the turnips for me and my mate.— Lynch gazed after him, his lip curling in slow scorn till his face resembled a devil's mask: —To think that that yellow pancake-eating excrement can get a good job—he said at length—and I have to smoke cheap cigarettes!— They turned their faces towards Merrion Square and went on for a little in silence. —To finish what I was saying about beauty—said Stephen—the most satisfying relations of the sensible must therefore correspond to the necessary phases of artistic apprehension. Find these and you find the qualities of universal beauty. Aquinas says: Ad pul-critudinem tria requiruntur integritas, consonantia, claritas. I translate it so: Three things are needed for beauty, wholeness, harmony and radiance. Do these correspond to the phases of apprehension? Are you following?—- —Of course, I am—said Lynch.—If you think I have an excrementitious intelligence run after Donovan and ask him to listen to you.— Stephen pointed to a basket which a butcher's boy had slung inverted on his head. —Look at that basket—he said. —I see it—said Lynch. —In order to see that basket—said Stephen—your mind first of all separates the basket from the rest of the visible universe which is not the basket. The first phase of apprehension is a bounding line drawn about the object to be apprehended. An aesthetic image is presented to us either in space or in time. What is audible is presented in time, what is visible is presented in space. But temporal or spatial, the aesthetic image is first luminously apprehended as self-bounded and self-contained upon the immeasurable background of space or time which is not it. You apprehend it as one thing. You see it as one whole. You apprehend its wholeness. That is integritas.— —Bull's eye!—said Lynch, laughing—Go on.— —Then—said Stephen—you pass from point to point, led by its formal lines ; you apprehend it as balanced part against part within its limits ; you feel the rhythm of its structure. In other words, the synthesis of immediate perception is followed by the analysis of apprehension. Having first felt that it is one thing you feel now that it is a thing. You apprehend it as complex, multiple, divisible, separable, made up of its parts, the result of its parts, and their sum, harmonious. That is consonantia.— —Bull's eye again!—said Lynch wittily.—Tell me now what is claritas and you win the cigar.— —The connotation of the word—Stephen said—is rather vague. Aquinas uses a term which seems to be inexact. It baffled me for a long time. It would lead you to believe that he had in mind symbolism or idealism, the supreme quality of beauty being a light from some other world, the idea of which the matter was but the shadow, the reality of which it was but the symbol. I thought he might mean that claritas was the artistic discovery and representation of the divine purpose in anything or a force of generalization which would make the aesthetic image a universal one, make it outshine its proper conditions. But that is literary talk, I understand it so. When you have apprehended that basket as one thing and have then analysed it according to its form and apprehended it as a thing you make the only synthesis which is logically and aesthetically permissible. You see that it is that thing which it is and no other thing. The radiance of which he speaks in the scholastic quidditas, the whatness of a thing. This supreme quality is felt by the artist when the aesthetic image is first conceived in his imagination. The mind in that mysterious instant Shelley likened beautifully to a fading coal. The instant wherein that supreme quality of beauty, the clear radiance of the aesthetic image, is apprehended luminously by the mind which has been arrested by its wholeness and fascinated by its harmony is the luminous silent stasis of aesthetic pleasure, a spiritual state very like to that cardiac condition which the Italian physiologist Luigi Galvani, using a phrase almost as beautiful as Shelley's, called the enchantment of the heart.— Stephen paused and, though his companion did not speak, felt that his words had called up around them a thought-enchanted silence. —What I have said—he began again—refers to beauty in the wider sense of the word, in the sense which the word has in the literary tradition. In the market place it has another sense. When we speak of beauty in the second sense of the term our judgment is influenced in the first place by the art itself and by the form of that art. The image, it is clear, must be set between the mind or senses of the artist himself and the mind or senses of others. If you bear this in memory you will see that art necessarily divides itself into three forms progressing from one to the next. These forms c.re: the lyrical form, the form wherein the artist presents his image in immediate relation to himself ; the epical form, the form wherein he presents his image in immediate relation to himself and to others ; the dramatic form, the form wherein he presents his image in immediate relation to others.— —That you told me a few nights ago—said Lynch— and we began the famous discussion.— —I have a book at home—said Stephen—in which I have written down questions which are more amusing than yours were. In finding the answers to them I found the theory of the aesthetic which I am trying to explain. Here are some questions I set myself: 7s a chair finely made tragic or comic? Is the portrait of Mona Lisa good if I desire to see it? Is the bust of Sir Philip Crampton lyrical, epical or dramatic? If not, why not?— —Why not, indeed?—said Lynch, laughing. —If a man hacking in fury at a block of wood—Stephen continued—make there an image of a cow, is that image a work of art? If not, why not?— —That's a lovely one—said Lynch, laughing again.— That has the true scholastic stink.— —Lessing—said Stephen—should not have taken a group of statues to write of. The art, being inferior, does not present the forms I spoke of distinguished clearly one from another. Even in literature, the highest and most spiritual art, the forms are often confused. The lyrical form is in fact the simplest verbal vesture of an instant of emotion, a rhythmical cry such as ages ago cheered on the man who pulled at the oar or dragged stones up a slope. He who utters it is more conscious of the instant of emotion than of himself as feeling emotion. The simplest epical form is seen emerging out of lyrical literature when the artist prolongs and broods upon himself as the centre of an epical event and this form 96 T\HE EGOIST June 1, 1915 progresses till the centre of emotional gravity is equidistant from the artist himself and from others. The narrative is no longer purely personal. The personality of the artist passes into the narration itself, flowing round and round the persons and the action like a vital sea. This progress you will see easily in that old English ballad " Turpin Hero," which begins in the first person and ends in the third person. The dramatic form is reached when the vitality which has flowed and eddied round each person fills every person with such vital force that he or she assumes a proper and intangible aesthetic life. The personality of the artist, at first a cry or a cadence or a mood and then a fluid and lambent narrative, finally refines itself out of existence, impersonalizes itself, so to speak. The aesthetic image in the dramatic form is life purified in and reprojected from the human imagination. The mystery of aesthetic like that of material creation is accomplished. The artist, like the God of the creation, remains within or behind or beyond or above his handiwork, invisible, refined out of existence, indifferent, paring his fingernails.— —Trying to refine them also out of existence—said Lynch. A fine rain began to fall from the high veiled sky and they turned into the Duke's lawn, to reach the National Library before the shower came. —What do you mean—Lynch asked surlily—by prating about beauty and the imagination in this miserable God-forsaken island? No wonder the artist retired within or behind his handiwork after having perpetrated this country.— (To be continued.) POEMS AT THE BRITISH MUSEUM I turn the page and read: " I dream of silent verses where the rhyme Glides noiseless as an oar." The heavy musty air, the black desks, The bent heads and the rustling noises In the great dome Vanish.... And The sun hangs in the cobalt-blue sky, The boat drifts over the lake shallows, The fishes skim like umber shades through the undulating weeds, The oleanders drop their rosy petals on the lawns, And the swallows dive and swirl and whistle About the cleft battlements of Can Grande's castle.. Richard Aldington. A CHANCE COMRADE Last year when I was on the sea There was a storm outside, A dead man came and stood outside my porthole: With my hand I beckoned him To come and look inside. And I spread out things to show him— Some glistening money and some beads, A bright red scarf, a silver chain, A newspaper and books ; I played at doing up my hair And opened out my frock— We kept the game up long and long Till he was more at rest: Two slimy fishes came and crawled Across his hollowed eyes, By that I knew he slept. Frances Gregg. THE BULLET SPEAKS TO THE POET Look at me. I am a bullet. Bow down to me, I am small, you say? Yes, but I own the world And the world's might. I am not beautiful, you say: But men have gone mad for me As for the most lovely of virgins ; They have given their souls to taste of my lips And counted the world as nothing for a touch. Listen, proud poet, Lover of beauty ; Lover of singing and of your own heart: You say I have no song, That my cry is unmeaning and shrill. Truly, it is not soft, And yet to me singing belongs: Singing and all that the voice can say. At my command speech turns dumb, Prayer stops in the throat. And song... I can unsing all songs And make them not be. 0 poet, young poet, Proud poet with a thousand songs,— Did you think, some day, To sing your thousand songs? To sing the beauty of the world? With a touch of my finger beauty is vanished And young songs are vanished. Their utterance is choked forever. Look at me. Hear me. 1 am a bullet. Helen Hoyt. SPOKEN TO ADONIS You, who live now, and are supremely pleasant, Give me a vigorous joy in all things present. So I am drawn from silly preciousness, To see real beauty in your common dress. I would not have you walk the Gray's Inn Road Dressed in a toga or in mail or woad. Were I a sculptor, it would be my pride, To carve your hat, a little to the side. Anna Wickham. NOTES ON MODERN GERMAN POETRY By A. W. G. Randall I. POLITICS AND POETRY A FRIEND of mine, a young sculptor who had studied under, and to some extent assisted, the renowned Adolf Hildebrand, was having a lively discussion with me about a week before the outbreak of war. His theme was the eternal question of whether Germany would ever be able to put an end to the artistic hegemony of France—an hegemony to which she is very keenly sensitive in all the arts with the exception of music. He contended, with something like the enthusiasm of a visionary, that she would. I could scarcely make any reply because the whole question has very little meaning for an Englishman ; really it doesn't touch him at all. And that, perhaps, is what makes nearly all the difference between the English and German artistic public, and so to some degree the difference between English and German art. In spite of a good deal of recent vapid talking about " British music," there is no doubt that in most affairs of art the average Englishman is an internationalist, a cosmopolitan. In matters political he may be an intense, Juue 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 97 even an obnoxious patriot; in matters artistic he may possibly have some pride and self-consciousness. But nothing is further from his thoughts than to push English painting, say, as a grocer pushes his blend of tea. That, roughly speaking, is the common German attitude. It is the attitude of the public ; it is the attitude of most German literary historians—most people who have tried to learn world-literature from the otherwise excellent Berlin Professor Dr. Richard M. Meyer will testify to this ; if it is not the attitude of all the best artists in Germany that is because they are a clan distinct from, and opposed to, the rest of the people with their fatal excess of nationalism. The younger artists, as I have indicated, are not quite free from this greatest of all failings. In many cases their aim, as it is the aim of the historians and the public on their behalf, is to be echt deutsch. And heaven alone knows what that really means! Yet this rather pathetic, because dogged and ever unsuccessful, striving after a " national art "subsists side by side with a cosmopolitanism of knowledge which might well make the average Englishman ashamed of himself. By comparison with the average German he is absolutely and unutterably provincial. How much does he know of French literature, not to speak of German, which is of far less value for his own imaginative development? Of the several considerable writers whether Swiss, Austrian or German, who have written in German during the past forty or fifty years, his knowledge might be set down on a half sheet of note-paper, as they say. But the great majority of Germans I have met have been perfectly familiar with English prose from Dickens to H. G. Wells, or even to much lesser lights such as Ian Maclaren, or with English poets from Tennyson to James Stephens, or with English drama from Oscar Wilde to Bernard Shaw, who, of course, like his " celebrated rival," Shakespeare, has practically become a German classic. There is an obvious formula as to the origin of each of these opposing tendencies. The absence of provincialism is the tradition handed down from the days of Goethe, who thanked heaven that Germany was delivered from the French, but remarked that he could not condemn a nation to whom he owed so much. The echt deutsch mania is a reaction from that tradition consequent upon the unification of Germany in 1870. It is all-important to bear in mind that there is no Germany to which the term "German literature " can be solely referred. German literature may be Austrian, Swiss or German. And, as a matter of fact, Austria has taken a lion's share in German literary achievements during the last twenty years or so. For that reason, if for no other, the echt deutsch and nationaler Oeist business is the purest nonsense. Every German poem, whether written by an Austrian, a Swiss or a German, must be treated as an individual work of art and not as an expression of the "national soul," whatever that may be. It may seem rather ridiculous to set out these very elementary facts, but I think that there has been a disposition in England and America to accept German poetry and prose at the German valuation. This leads inevitably to overrating the wrong people and the wrong works of those people ; note the respect in which such a third-class dramatist as Wildenbruch is held in America or the depreciation of Heine in text-books of German literature. German poetry, in fact, if approached like any other poetry, will be found to have much that is beautiful and of value, even if it is mostly derivative—but this is a criticism which may be directed against most of the other literatures of Europe, so great is the part that France has played during the last forty or fifty years. It is because Germpn poetry has not—so far as my knowledge goes—always been approached as it should be approached; it is because German, and even English and American literary historians, have tended to lead people astray by their nationalist bias ; it is because German poetry is neglected as being a rather isolated and special phenomenon—it is for these reasons that I have written these few rudimentary axioms. I make no apology for them. II. AUSTRIAN CULTURE AND AUSTRIAN POETRY: HUGO VON HOFMANNSTHAL Most people, I imagine, who think carefully about the matter, have a good deal of secret affection for Austria. The Austro-Hungarian Empire may be an intolerable hotch-potch of nationalities, and the Hungarians the most oppressive of all rulers, but the Austrians, the gay Viennese or the men of the Tyrol— these are really leisurely, attractive people. There is, of course, an Austrian " culture " much more than there is a German " culture." Modern Germany is an upstart nation compared with Austria, and like an upstart she is excessively industrious, anxious, feverish—and boorish. She is like a man who has made a deal of money out of soap ; Austria is rather the finished aristocrat among nations. Let one of Arthur Schnitzler's little " Anatol " plays represent Vienna to you ; you get the impression of a gay, unconcerned people, loose and wicked perhaps, but with polish and not too much feverish industry or seriousness. No one outside France knows how to turn a compliment so neatly as the characters of these little plays—which, by the way, should be read, if possible, in the original and not in Granville Barker's adaptation. You will have the impression that in Austria there is a sense of form and style which Germany has indeed begun to acquire, but only in a very external and artificial fashion. Viennese pastries are a symbol, perhaps, of a spiritual fact! But, seriously, Austria can make a very good show in culture and the arts. Schubert and Liszt were Austrian subjects by birth ; so were Smetana and Dvorak. Beethoven and Brahms did most of their best work in Vienna. So, in literature, did Friedrich Hebbel. Grill-parzer, Anzengruber, Heinrich Laube, Hamerling, Ferdinand von Saar, Lenau, Marie von Ebner-Eschen-bach—all these considerable poets and dramatists of the nineteenth century were Austrian. So, by the way, was the famous novelist Peter Rosegger, who would have received the Nobel Prize had he not been passed over in favour of Rabindranath Tagore. In recent years a great number of the most prominent German-writing poets and dramatists have been Austrian. There is the " Prague group," with Rainer Maria Rilke at its head, of whom much more must be said later. There is the " Jung-Wien group "—Schnitzler, for example, who has written such fine prose that the title bestowed on him of " the German Maupassant " is scarcely overpraise. He has also written one or two little dramatic masterpieces ; you may think of him as another Barrie, though he is much more intense and infinitely less sentimental than the author of " The Twelve Pound Look." There is also Hermann Bahr, who has written attractive comedies; his " Concert " was seen in London about four years ago, I think. There is lastly Hugo von Hofmannsthal, whom every one knows of at least as Richard Strauss's librettist. He should be known, too, for his versions of classical drama such as " King (Edipus and the Sphinx," for his lyrical dramas such as " The Death of Titian " (1892), " The White Fan " (1897), and " The Fool and Death " (1893), where the tradition is mostly Stefan Georg's carried over into a loose dramatic form, and for his poems, which are full of symbolist influence conveyed from Mallarme through Georg and the " Blatter fur die Kunst" pioneers. Except for the " QEdipus" and " Electra " there is very little energy and vigour in Hofmannsthal. His dramas are really strings of spoken lyrics ; there is very little action, only meditation and brooding. His poems are chiefly poems of mood, with an air of mystery, melancholy and incompleteness. He is very nearly related to Maeterlinck. His most noteworthy influence has been the setting of a fashion—in both form and mood—by his " Ballade of Outer Life." It begins: And children grow up with deep eyes ; They know nothing, they grow up and they die, And all men go their ways. And sour fruits grow into sweet, And fall like dead birds, And lie a few days and then rot. 98 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 That is all very characteristic ; it is too well known to need further translation. The fragment " The Death of Titian " is not so so well known. This is a speech near the end: He has waked us from our night And given light and riches to our souls ; And shown us how every day's life and movement Should be enjoyed as if it were a play ; And taught us to understand the beauty of all forms, And to look into our own lives. Women and flowers and waves of the sea And silk, and gold and the glow of bright stones, Lofty bridges and springlike valleys With fair nymphs by crystal streams ; All the things we love to dream And all the glories of our waking hours— Have first received their great beauty As they passed through his soul. " Our life is only a shadow-play," is a line from another play. " The three are one: a man, a thing, a dream " is the last line of the terza rima lines " Of Transitoriness." These sentences sum up Hofmann and -thal's mood in his poems and lyrical drama.s. His style I am unable, and have not attempted, to convey. Perfect smoothness and evenness of rhythm is, I should say, his chief characteristic. There are no jerks, no great intensities of idea or expression. Practically all the plays, with the exception of the librettos, were written for performance in a theatre intime or, some of them, not for performance at all. Several are " Pup-penspiele "—plays for marionettes which may be compared with, say, " Interior " or " The Death of Tintagiles." In the same way Hofmannsthal's verse should be read softly in a small, dimly-lighted room. Hugo von Hofmannsthal is the Maeterlinck of German literature. "LOOSE LEAVES" ONE or two people are beginning to awaken to the fact that if we are to have any sort of literature in England we must have, (1) freedom from commercial exigencies and limitations ; (2) complete freedom to experiment in form and idea without having to suffer from the puerile comments and insults of journalists ; (3) a revolt against our intellectual provincialism ; and (4) some sort of medium wherein literary experiments and uncommercial forms of art can be published and discussed, and, if necessary, communicated to the public in spite of the opposition of the trades-union of literary incompetence. I have received from Mr. Edward Storer, 12 Harpur Street, W.C., a copy of his new periodical, " Loose Leaves." This periodical is not bulky ; it consists of precisely two pages, containing seven prose poems and a declaration of war on the commercial system as applied to the fine arts. The price is a penny. In his declaration of war Mr. Storer says: "I propose to issue in this form, from time to time, portions of my work denied the right of existence by the commercialism which controls the publication of every kind of literature." He also says: " The leaves will appear occasionally, at intervals of a fortnight or three weeks, perhaps ; whenever in fact one can afford the cost of publication." Mr. Storer's principle is excellent; he is quite independent of the caprices of vulgar journalists and a mythical " public " ; he can write what he pleases without having to consider his audience. It is the principle upon which the arts rest. Here is one of Mr. Storer's prose poems: CITY " Night and sleeping flowers are yours, 0 Earth, and over your fields rushes the swift train, sucked like a mad firefly into the city's mouth. A thousand thousand wayfarers return, bringing with them the gold of sunlight and the warmth of the soil. Through your gateway of iron the riches of earth begin to pass, great wagons rose-laden, and crates of pressed lilies and droves of fat oxen. And always along with them the crowd of laughing youths and girls, scented from the flowering fields. It is a nightly festival, and nightly the procession gathers itself up from the valleys and hills, and streams in through your iron doors. And in the morning after your devouring night what remains to keep beating that steel heart of yours, city, is little more thanashes and tears." Richard Aldington. Note.—Owing to pressure of space " Decadence and Dynamism, II," by Richard Aldington, and the second part of " Pushkin and the Russian Opera," by M. Montagu-Nathan are unavoidably held over to the next number.—Ed. CORRESPONDENCE Note to Correspondents.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. THE DISCARDED IMAGIST To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, 0 thou unborn historian of literature—(if you ever mention my name spell it better than P. S. Flint, please!) Do not believe a single word That others have written about me. In the year nineteen hundred a poet named Cranmer Byng brought to my attic in Whitehall Gardens a book of Chinese Gems by Professor Giles, Eastern butterflies coming into my attic there beside the Stygian Thames, And read me one of them—willows, forsaken young wife, spring. Immediately my soul kissed the soul of immemorial China: 1 perceived that all we in the West were indeed barbarians and foreign devils, And that we knew scarcely anything about poetry. I set to work and wrote little poems Some of which I read to a scientific friend Who said,—" After all, what do they prove? " Then I hid them away for ten or twelve years, Scented leaves in a Chinese jar, While I went on composing the poem of life. I withstood the savages of the Niger with a revolver: I withstood the savages of the Thames with a printing-press: Byng and I we set up as publishers in Fleet Street, and produced the " Odes of Confucius," and the " Sayings." My own poems I did not produce: They were sent back to me by the Spectator and the English Review. I secretly grudged them to the Western devils. After many years I sent them to Chicago, and they were printed by Harriet Monroe. (They also were printed in The Egoist.) Thereupon Ezra Pound the generous rose up and called me an Imagist. (I had no idea what he meant.) And he included me in an anthology of Imagists. This was a very great honour. But I was left out of the next anthology. This was a very great shame. And now I have read in a history of Imagism That the movement was started in nineteen hundred and eight By Edward Storer and T. E. Hulme» (Poetry the crystal of language, Passion frozen by art, Fallen in love with its likeness!) Evil is the advice of Horace That poems should be given nine years to fix, Evil in the day of swift movements—(for I hear that already Imagism is out of date.) 0 thou divine soul of China Brooding over millenniums of perfect art, May you never be troubled by the impertinences of the West! And thou unborn literary historian (if you ever mention my name) Write me down an imitator of Po Li and Shakespeare As well as of Edward Storer and T. E. Hulme. Allen Upward. June 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 99 FREE POETS v. FREE VERSE. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—I notice that in his contribution to the Imagist number of The Egoist Mr. Harold Monro, writing on the history of the Imagist movement, states that the movement owes its origin to the large discovery of " Poetry as an art " [my italics]. He then proceeds to point out that the Imagist verse fails as poetry not because the writers love poetry less, but because they love expression more. Being what it is it would be no better if Tennyson had written it, and no worse if it proved to be by, say, Mr. Rudyard Kipling. Indeed, it is not poetry any more than little Congreve's tiresome stream of depreciation is comedy, despite what certain hopeless apprentice play critics assert to the contrary. Poetry, I suppose Mr. Monro would say, is not expression but the thing expressed. All this is good and true. But Mr. Monro fails to make one thing quite clear. The Imagists have been mistaken in their very conception of poetry which lives alone by the power to see it as Art and not as " an art." I am convinced that some at least of the Imagists are not without the secret of this power, and if they will be guided by the vision they gain thereby, to the extent of forgetting their literary erudition, it will transform their conception of poetry. The strict literature at which they aim is not proper poetry. In fact, literary technicians do not, as a rule, write poetry for the simple reason that even if they dream the poet's dream of reality they at once proceed to smother it under literary form. We must look to those rich in poetical experience, and free to express it, for the true expression of poetry. In plain words, " Poetry as an art " (that is, as expression or form) is not the same as Poetry as Art (that is, the thing expressed). The distinction is so big and vital and so necessary to be maintained at this moment, that I propose to consider it in an article in the " Little Review." I hope to prove that what poetry needs nowadays is free poets, not free verse. Huntly Carter. (As the nearest available Imagist, perhaps I may be permitted to comment (without prejudice to the other Imagists) on Mr. Carter's letter. I am not quite sure that I know what Mr. Carter means, but I think he means that it is useless for a man to study classic quantity and mediaeval rhyme and modern free verse, if he has no particular impulse or mood to make those studies valuable as a means of expression. If that is what Mr. Carter means I agree with him. I will also agree that it is useless to try and teach a dumb man to lecture or a lame man to break the hundred yards record. If a man is to lecture, if he is to be an athlete, we take for granted that in the first case he has ideas and a certain eloquence, and in the second a good physique and an aptitude for sprinting. Mr. Carter would be a rotten trainer if he didn't make his man diet, take cold baths and long walks and an occasional sprint; he ought even to make him do a little boxing. I feel, somehow, that Mr. Carter never went in for violent exercise or that he relied upon his " Soul-Flow " or " Art-Ebb " to get him through. Now poetry is not so very unlike athletics. You may have no aptitude for it, and then all the training in the world won't get you in first; you may shape very well, but if you don't train you will be an " also ran." I believe in having an aptitude and in training it; Mr. Carter believes in having an aptitude and not training it. I object to Mr. Carter informing us of the existence of our " of courses." We take for granted that a man is sincere, that he has lots of impulses and that he is " free." All that is the stuff out of which poetry is made. The making of it, the " training " is what we are immediately interested in. We take for granted that we have the essentials of poetry in us or we should not attempt to write it. We are now after clarity of form, precision of expression. Mr. Carter, like the majority of our fellow citizens, does not value these things ; we find them present in every work of art which is beautiful and permanently interesting; hence our anxiety to attain by practice that clarity and that precision which practice alone can give.) Richard Aldington. BACK NUMBERS OF The New Freewoman and The Egoist CONTAINING Remy de Gourmont's novel, " The Horses of Diomedes " (Aug. 15th, 1913—March 1st, 1914), and James Joyce's "The Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" (begun March 1st, 1914), Unobtainable Elsewhere. Containing a so prose by: Dora Marsden, Richard Aldington, Peter Altenburg (translated), H. Gaudier-Brzeska, Madame Ciolkowska (Frem h chronicle), John Cournos, F. S. Flint, Remy de Gournmont (translated), Frances Gregg, Le gh Henry (music), Ford Mad ix Hueffer, R. W. Kauffman, Comte de Leaut eamont (translated), Wyndham Lewis, Harold Monro, M. Montagu-Nathan (music), Ezra Pound, Benjamin Tucker, Allen Upward, Rebecca West, and many others. Poetry by: Richard Aldington, Skipwith Cannell, H.D., John Gould Fletcher, F. S. F irt, Robert Frost, Paul Fort (in French), D. H. Lawrence, Amy Lowell, Ezra Pound, J. Rodker, M y Sinclair, W. C. Williams, and others both English and French. To be obtained from the Publishing Office: OAKLEY HOUSE. BLOOMSBURY STREET, LONDON, W.C. Price fy and per copy (post free) ; U.S.A. 15 cents A Really Different Magazine The Phoenix MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution:— The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut:— All discerning persons read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post:— Very much alive, witty, honest, and frequently very Irish. Rochester Post Express:— To our thinking quite the most satisfying periodical of its kind. Troy Times:— Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. San Francisco Chronicle:— As full of paradox as Bernard Shaw, but whatever his faults, he is never dull. Chigago Post:— One of the few editors whose personal moods it is in the least possible to share. Brooklyn Eagle:— Will be appreciated by those who know the difference between literature and advertising. Subscription - - One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries... $1.25 SOUTH NORWALK - CONN. U.S.A. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs Also Designs in colour by David Bomberg. EDITORIAL. Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1-60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ -80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ -40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques and orders should be made out as above. A D VE RTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, etc, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. 100 THE EGOIST June 1, 1915 SUBSCRIBE FOR POETRY Magazine = of Edited by HARRIET MONROE yerse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. SI.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 71- " The best Magazine—by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. Most of the Imagists represented in The Egoist of May ist were first published in Poetry, which has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. The only magazine devoted exclusively to this art. Subscribe at once—the April number begins Vol. VI. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subsciption, beginning.................................................................... Name.................................................................................................. Address................................................................................................ THE DRAMA A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the Continent THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theatre building, organizations for drama reform, and all pertinent subjects Single copies, seventy-five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature. Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor Has been called " the most vital thing ever started in America" Unacademic, enthusiastic, appreciative and youthful Free from propaganda and outworn tradition PUBLISHED MONTHLY 15 cents a copy $1.50 a*year 917 FINE ARTS BUILDING, CHICAGO Printed by Ballaxtyne, Hanson and Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C., and published by the Proprietors The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C