50 Detective Story Magazine everything you are likely to require. As you have generally favored dark suits, I have supplied you with light grays and greens. I advise you to let your hair grow a trifle long, and to cultivate a heard and mustache. Your hair is almost black, so a little peroxide treat- ment will change it to a brilliant Titian. Don't forget that it will keep on grow- ing, and neglect to treat it near the roots every two or three days. Your eyebrows you can leave as they are, while a beard of mixed shades will ap- pear most natural. "Three weeks' cruising will give you a healthy tan quite in keeping with a recent ocean voyage. When your beard is presentable, you can go ashore for a time till you hear from me." "But why the ocean voyage?" "When you return to New York, hav- ing lost your own identity, you must already have provided yourself with another to take its place. Have you any friends abroad that are also friends of Bob Brittain?" I thought a moment. "There's Jean de Frenez. He was a classmate of ours at Harvard. Now he is in partnership with his father, the well-known art dealer." "The very thing!" Humphrey Steene's satisfaction was evident. "You will let me have a letter to him. Ask him to forward you a letter of introduction to Bob Brittain, say, as George Sanders, an English artist liv- ing in Paris, who has been ordered to take a complete rest from his labors. He is taking the opportunity to visit America. Your make-up will fit the part perfectly--see that you sport low collars and flowing neckties. I'll see that a berth is reserved on one of the big transatlantic liners--for George Sanders. You can board her at sea." I was quite willing to fall in with his plans. My only objection was that they necessitated my staying away from New York so long. It was no easy thing for me to remain inactive for three weeks, or perhaps a month, while the girl I loved remained in the hands of enemies whose intentions I could only guess at. Only my growing faith in Humphrey Steene rendered the course feasible. Without his advice and help, I should probably have dashed in blindly, risking my own life, and probably increasing the danger to her. The cutter ran close in to the Massa- chusetts shore, and Humphrey Steene was landed by one of her boats. Then we put to sea again. Steene had introduced me to the cap- tain and mate--excellent fellows, both, once you had pierced the outer crust of reserve--and they contrived to make me feel that the vessel was altogether at my service. Here, again, was an amazing revelation of Steene's stand- ing with the various governing bodies of the country, not excluding the fed- eral authorities. It increased my con- fidence in him, and in the ultimate safety of Mildred Brittain, even while it bore witness to the importance of his work and the tremendous power of the Order of the White Bear. Nevertheless, I found the next three weeks a terrible strain on my patience. Back and forth along the coast we cruised, only putting into port when it was necessary to obtain fresh provis- ions or coal. On these occasions, I was constrained to remain secluded in the stateroom that had been put at my dis- posal. I glory in the sea, and with deck quoits for exercise, chess and cards for recreation, and strong, healthy-minded men for companions, I cannot imagine a more enjoyable vacation under ordi- nary circumstances. But, hearing no word from Humphrey Steene, and lack- ing any other source of information re- garding the matters about which I was most anxious, I grew fearful despite my reliance on his word and power. 