Rogue for a Day 35 on the nearest corner, and men piled out of it and ran forward to surround the house. Muggs gave them one glance, then left the window and stepped softly across the room. Light was coming through that crack in the door--the Black Star was there! Muggs put his eye to the crack. He did not see the Black Star--he saw Roger Verbeck just blowing out the candle and starting to enter the dusty hall! The meaning of the situation flashed over Muggs in an instant. The Black Star had not arrived yet. Verbeck had come here to get those letters before going to the big hall. And he--Muggs --had brought the police! They would capture Roger Verbeck--and there was nothing to prove that Roger Verbeck was not the Black Star! CHAPTER XII. AT THE CHARITY BALL. MUGGS jerked open the door, rushed through the furnished room, and entered the hall. "Boss! Boss!" he hissed. Verbeck was just recoiling from the outer door. He closed it as noiselessly as he could and hurried back. "Boss!" "That you, Muggs?" "Yes. That devil worked a trick on me--he got away. He intended to come here and get money, then hurry out of town. I--I telephoned the po- lice, boss, to come here, and I came my- self to identify him. I didn't know that--" "All right, Muggs. I understand. You did right." "But I let him trick me--and the cops are here. If they catch you, they'll think you're the Black Star." Verbeck realized that even better than Muggs. If the capture was made at the big hall, and the prisoners ques- tioned--as they would be, and merci- lessly--Faustina Wendell and her brother, under the strain, might give evidence that would convict him. "We've got to get away, boss!" She had recognized the ring, Ver- beck was thinking. Perhaps it was Howard Wendell who had watched as he went home that night. Yes--he'd have to escape. "Oh, boss! I said I had a hunch!" "Quick!" Verbeck whispered. "And be quiet! My roadster is at the curb a block away. We must get out and reach it. How many policemen?" "A dozen at least, boss--and there may be another auto full of 'em coming." "Hush! Some one is trying that door now. Into the kitchen with you?" Muggs hurried through the kitchen door. Verbeck pushed him into a closet and bade him remain there until he re- turned. Then he went from the kitchen to the dining room, and there he lifted his pistol and sent three shots ringing into the ceiling. Another instant and he was back in the kitchen, in the closet with Muggs. "Perhaps they'll think the Black Star has committed suicide when they hear those shots and find there isn't a light," he whispered. "There is a window be- hind you, Muggs. Can you open it quietly and without attracting attention, while those police are wondering about the shots?" Muggs went to work, making no noise. The window was raised a frac- tion of an inch at a time. Verbeck turned the key in the closet door, for things might come to a pass where sec- onds of delay would mean everything. Finally the window was open. Muggs, putting out his head cautiously, looked around. "Only one man on this side, boss," he reported. "The others have gone around to the door." "They're in the house," Verbeck re- plied. "They're flashing their torches- 