Rogue for a Day 19 corner now was a jam of human beings. Verbeck crossed the street and stood beside a stone pillar in front of a show window, from where he could watch easily. The hour of two arrived, and Ver- beck scrutinized every man who passed the corner. Five minutes passed, and no one had given him the signal. And then he saw Howard Wendell, the brother of his fiancee, walking slowly down the street close to the curbing. Verbeck drew back quickly behind the pillar. If Howard Wendell saw him, he undoubtedly would stop to talk, and Verbeck did not want to hold a conversation just then. Wendell passed, without seeing him. He stopped for an instant on the cor- ner; he removed his hat. and he ran one hand around the brim of it, as if brushing away dust. Verbeck's jaw dropped and his eyes bulged with amazement. The next in- stant he was chuckling at the coinci- dence of it. There was no possibility of Howard Wendell being a member of the Black Star's band, of course. The boy accidentally had done what Ver- beck had ordered the crook to do. that was all--and, when he came to think of it, Verbeck realized it was a natural thing for any man to do, and wished he had told the crook to use some other sign. Howard Wendell walked on up the street, and Verbeck continued his watch. The minutes slipped by, and no other man gave the sign. A doubt en- tered Verbeck's mind. That boast he had made at the reception Howard Wendell had heard that, and the Black Star had known of it soon afterward. And Howard had given the correct sign. "Bosh! Can't be!" Verbeck muttered to himself. "I'm a fool to think it for a minute. Why on earth would How- ard be mixed up with a gang of crooks? Even if he wanted to be, how could he get into a first-order gang like that of the Black Star? They'd not have him! I'm crazy to think of it!" He looked at his watch; it was a quarter of three. He decided to go to the hotel where the unknown crook was to hold conversation with Miss Freda Brakeland. Perhaps he could decide the matter there, learn the crook's identity. The lobby of the hotel was thronged when Verbeck entered. He met men and women he knew, but managed to keep free from lingering conversation. He wanted to be at liberty to make a complete investigation. Then he met Faustina Wendell face to face. "Why, Roger!" she gasped. "Fancy meeting you here! I've heard you say you hate hotel lobbies." "I came in to take a peek so I'll hate them more," Verbeck replied. "And you?" "Browning Club meeting, dear." "It is over already"? "A quarter of an hour ago. In fact, we met only to postpone it, for every one is talking of the Charity Ball to- morrow night." "I see," said Verbeck. He did see-- that he had missed his chance to learn the identity of the crook. "I came down in the electric", Faus- tina continued. "Come along home with me, if you haven't an engage- ment." He entered the electric and sat beside her as she piloted the car through the busy streets. She was giving all her attention to the driving, and he did not attempt conversation. And now that her face was in repose, it seemed to Verbeck that there was a peculiar ex- pression on it, one that he was not used to seeing. He would have sworn that the girl beside him, who had promised to be his wife, was anxious, worried-- and that was foreign to her nature. The Wendells had been wealthy once, but were not now. Mr. Wendell had 