Rogue for a Day 29 my liberty, and you'll be moving heaven and earth, with me beside you, trying to prevent the capture of those people at the Charity Ball. You know who told me of your boast at that reception? He told me because he admires your na- tive cleverness--begged me to stop everything, and leave town, for--he said --if you started out to get me, you'd do it." "He was a sensible man. and you should have taken his advice," said Verbeck. "I am telling you the truth, Verbeck. The man who told me was Howard Wendell, the brother of the girl you expect to marry." "You lie!" Verbeck cried, springing from his chair. Muggs snarled, and stepped forward, ready for a fray, but Verbeck motioned him back. "I do not lie," said the Black Star. "I told you to beware, that the chickens might come home to roost. Two months ago, Howard Wendell was in Chicago on some business for his uncle. We knew him we wanted him. A man al- ready a member of the organization saw to it that Howard Wendell went the pace for a few days. He is but a boy, we'll say--he was easily led. He woke up one morning, to find that he had gambled away three thousand dollars of his uncle's money. He was almost insane because of what he had done. His friend took him to my partner; my partner gave him the money." "But that--" "Wait! In return, he gave my part- ner a check drawn on a bank in this city. Of course, it was a forged check. Oh, he did not intend it as deceit! He said the check was worthless. My part- ner laughed, and said he knew it, but that he would keep it until the boy could pay--if he never paid, it would be all right. My partner, you see, owned the gambling house where the money was lost. You begin to under- stand?" Verbeck still stood before him, hands clenched. "But the next day he was informed that the check would be presented, would be returned, and that he would be arrested for having written it un- less he did as he was ordered. That is how Howard Wendell became a mem- ber of our organization." "You beat!" Verbeck cried. "Don't beat me up yet please," sneered the Black Star. "If you stop to do that, you'll suffer considerable an- guish later. I am not done--there are more chickens coming home to roost. What numbers did the men have, those to whom you gave orders?" Fearing. Verbeck told him. "So? Howard Wendell is one of them, Verbeck. He is the one who brought you the letter that first night concerning the Greistman jewels re- member? He'll be one for the police to nab to-night. He must have been sur- prised to get orders like that--he un- derstood he was to do nothing except gather information." Verbeck felt that the Black Star was speaking the truth. Howard had ob- jected to the orders--had said that they were unfair to him, but that he was unable to help himself. It had been pos- sible for him to tell the Black Star of Verbeck's boast. He had given the sign that afternoon before seeking a talk with Freda Brakeland. And the police would capture Howard Wendell through Verbeck's planning, capture him with stolen jewels in his posses- sion-- "And the women?" the Black Star asked. "Tell me quickly! What num- bers did they have?" Verbeck told him. "The first is one of the cleverest in the organization," said the master crook. "She is an experienced thief. But the second--small wonder you did not find her number in the book! She is a new one. That was her first visit, and I 