122 Detective Story Magazine more loudly, "John, oh, John!" and ended with a sob. "What if--my God, what if he did!" she moaned, and ran to the open door- way of her husband's den. A piteous, heart-invading scream came from her lips. Not Charles, but John, lay sprawled upon the floor, now stained with blood. Staggering, and clutching the ban- isters, she half ran, half fell, down the stairway and out through the door to the sidewalk. "Help, oh, help!" she screamed. "Won't some one help?" she moaned. "What's the matter?" came from the corner across the street, as the speaker started toward her. "My husband--oh, help me!" she continued to moan. The man who had responded to her call had almost to carry her, half fainting as she was, as he accompanied her hack into the house. There he man- aged to get her up the stairs and to the bed which she had left in so great alarm. "Where's the telephone?" The words were quick, almost curt. Pass- ing the open door of Mr. Reynolds room, he had seen what lay upon the floor. "Hall--downstairs," came from the lips whose trembling could not be con- trolled. "Get a doctor, get a doctor." Feeling that she was in greater need of medical aid than was her husband, he ran down the stairs, hurriedly called the nearest physician, and obtained his promise to come at once. He then called another number. "Police station? This is Wynn. Send some one here at once--No. 734 Walnut Street. Man killed. I think. Looks like murder. I'll wait here. Running up the stairs again, he found Mrs. Reynolds in the hall, weakly struggling into her kimono, and walking with uncertain steps toward the doorway of her husband's room. "I must go to him," she cried. "Wait," he said kindly. "If there is anything you can do, I will tell you." But, unheedingly, she followed him into the room, and stood, pale and open- mouthed, wringing her hands and star- ing at the form upon the floor over which Wynn was now stooping. "We must wait for the doctor," he said gently. "He will be here soon." As he finished speaking, Doctor Mor- ris entered. "Do something, doctor, quick!" cried the frantic woman to the physician, al- ready making his examination deftly and silently. After a brief interval, Doctor Mor- ris arose slowly. "He is past my help, Mrs. Reynolds." he said. "You must lie down and let me do something for you." Two men, one a policeman, who had come up the stairs while Doctor Mor- ris was helping Mrs. Reynolds to her room, entered the room of tragedy, ex- changed words of recognition with Wynn, and listened to the latter's ac- count of what had followed his chance appearance upon the scene. "Bullet wound," murmured the sec- ond man, who was evidently a city de- tective, and who was inspecting the body and its surroundings. "Clothes mussed. Windows locked. Don't find any gun. Guess it's murder, sure enough. Were the outside doors locked when Mrs. Reynolds ran out? Any one else in the house?" "I don't know, Johnson," said Wynn. "You'll have to ask Mrs. Reyn- olds." Johnson turned to Doctor Morris, who, after administering a sedative to Mrs. Reynolds, had left her in the care, of the maid, and was now reentering the room. "What do you make of it, doctor?" asked Johnson. "The bullet, as it seems to be, has entered at a point a little higher than 