114 Detective Story Magazine be worked," murmured Algernon de Wetter, third, eagerly, "with that one!" They all looked, Chadwick Wade in- cluded, across the smoking room, at the stern figure in its doorway upon which young De Wetter's eyes were fixed. It was J. D. Murchison, him- self. Stepping, with the firm tread of the conqueror which he was, into the room, the man whose word was law to all who dwelt from nine to four each day in Wall Street and its immedi- ate environs, selected one of the deep leather armchairs in which to deposit his commanding bulk, next a cigar from the case in his pocket, and then spread open his evening newspaper to give his attention to the stock columns. "I'd like to thee the man who could thwindle him!" breathed Bertie Cole, in awed agreement with the other's state- ment concerning the master financier's invulnerability to the attack of any get- rich-quick schemer whatsoever. "It'th just one of thothe things that can't be done!" "A crook might as well try to break into the subtreasury with a toothpick", grimly commented Percy van Druyp, "as to get into Murchison's pocketbook with any sort of a skin game under the sun!" "Let me see," said Chadwick Wade musingly. "I've heard, somewhere, that J. D. Murchison first broke into the king row among the millionaires by cheating the widow of his partner out of her interest in the up-State bank he held fifty per cent of the stock in. Is that true? And that, practically, every million he's added to his pile since, he got by some sort of sharp practice at the expense of his fellow men. Are those tales they tell of him also true? All right, then. That proves him to be a crook; and, according to my theory, credulous where the 'con' game of another is concerned. As I can demonstrate." "As you can do what?" blurted out Algernon de Wetter, third. "Now, look here, old man. You've gone crumbly on the tea bun." "You're talking abtholute rot, you know--" "Listen!" Wade, no longer smiling, held up one hand for silence. "Just for the fun of the thing, I'll tell you fellows what I'll do. I'll make a test, to show you that what I say is true. I'll wager that I, myself, can shake down Murchison for any amount in reason. Say, twenty-five thousand dollars." "You couldn't do that in a million years!" stated Percy van Druyp posi- tively. "I can do it," contradicted Chadwick Wade, with equal positiveness, "inside of twenty-four hours. I'll not only take that amount of money away from him in that short space of time; but, to show you how easy I think it is, I'll further agree to do it by the oldest game you can think of. What do you say that is?" "The gold-brick thwindle!" ex- claimed Bertie Cole, his eyes shining with excitement over the prospect of a battle of wits between his new friend across the table from him, and the ac- knowledged leader of the crafty wolf pack in Wall Street, which the former had suggested. "Thee if you can thell Murchison a gold brick, will you, Chaddie?" "There's an older game than that." Chadwick Wade, who was smiling again, shook his head. "It's positively primitive in its directness--and I'll try that, if you like. I mean a hold-up. I'll go to J. D. Murchison's office to- morrow afternoon, and hold him up for twenty-five thousand dollars. And I'll get away with it. too." "You mean," suggested Percy van Druyp, with his brows drawn together in a frown over the unpleasant recol- lection he bore of the same thing's hav- ing happened to him in the past, "that 