110 Detective Story Magazine when the representative of the district attorney produced two samples of poi- son, one of which had been obtained by drying the powder found in the bowl which had held the beef broth, while the other was taken from the little pack- age found in Mrs. Torrey's room. "These two are identical," he said. "They are both white arsenic, a well- known deadly poison, unfortunately too common, and too easily obtained." At this point, Carson Sharpe, who occupied a seat beside the coroner on the bench, desired to know whether the package found in Mrs. Torrey's room could be proven to be that which the maid had bought. He was informed that the wrapper bore the druggist's stamp. Druggist Dunning, crestfallen, nodded despondently on the witness bench. Druggist Seabrook scowled tri- umphantly. "Will you permit me to make a brief experiment?" asked Sharpe; and no- body objected, for they all stood in con- siderable awe of the detective. Thereupon, Sharpe took the two packages of poison and poured a small quantity of powder from one of them into a glass tube, and an equal amount from the other package into another tube. Then, producing a small vial of colorless liquid, he poured some of it into the tube which held the powder taken from Mrs. Torrey s room. There was no visible result, and coro- ner, jury, lawyers, and spectators looked very much disappointed. Then Sharpe poured some of the same liquid into the other tube which contained the powder taken from the broth. Instantly there was a lively effer- vescence. The tube was as full of bub- bles as a glass of soda water. The jurymen opened their eyes, the specta- tors rose to their feet and craned their necks to see. "Mr. Sharpe," said the coroner, "I do not quite understand the meaning of the experiment you have performed, but I perceive that it is important. It seems to show that the poison found in the broth is not the same as that found in Mrs. Torrey's room." "On the contrary," said Sharpe, "the poison is exactly the same. Yet I tell you that I have proved that the drug bought by Mrs. Torrey's maid was not used to poison Mr. Torrey. "Let me explain: White arsenic, in the form of powder, as it is sold in drug stores, is rarely pure. It is adulterated with various cheap substances similar in appearance. "As I have said, the poison which the maid bought is the same as that found in the broth, but the substance used in adulterating the two was not the same. "That bought by the maid was adul- terated with sulphate of calcium; that which killed Mr. Torrey was mixed with carbonate of calcium--in other words, with chalk dust. "I prove this by adding acid to both powders. It produces no effect upon the sulphate of calcium, but it breaks up the chalk, setting free carbonic acid gas--the ordinary soda-water gas. "The chemists who have analyzed these two samples, paid no attention to the adulterant. They took it for granted. If the same chemist had pre- pared both analyses, he would have no- ticed the difference; but the two reports mention only the white arsenic, since the other substances were harmless. "Now, what does this prove? Why, it proves that the fatal dose was not bought at Dunning's store. He gets his white arsenic of Abel, Hanniford &amp; Co., of New York, who use sulphate of calcium as an adulterant. "On the other hand, Doctor Seabrook buys his white arsenic of Seamen, Wil- bur &amp; Co., of Baltimore, and they use powdered chalk. I learned these facts yesterday afternoon. "Mr. Coroner, if you will permit me to do so, I will suggest that you call Doctor Seabrook to the stand." 