Practical Theory By Keene Thompson CERTAINLY. I mean it!" Chad- wick Wade smiled with his cus- tomary good nature round the table at his three friends. "What you declare to be next door to impossible--is really the easiest thing in the world!" "Oh, come now!" protested Percy van Druyp. "You're talking through your hat, old fellow--absolutely!" earnestly in- terjected Algernon de Wetter, third. "Of courth, he is!" chimed in Ber- tie Cole. "He knoths it, too. Chaddie's only stringing uth; 'fess up now, deah old boy, ithn't that tho?" Chadwick Wade, who was the eld- est, by a half dozen years, of the quartet seated round the table, con- tinued to smile. To all outward ap- pearances, he was the same "silly-ass" sort of a young man as his fellows. He, too, wore a wrist watch. He carried his handkerchief up his sleeve, and his glossy, black hair was plastered down on his head without a part, as was theirs. And yet there was a difference in his aspect. Some hint of hidden strength of character, indefinable though it was, set him apart from the others. It had been a bit irregular, the man- ner in which Chadwick Wade had turned up in the exclusive Crop and Stirrup Club. Exclusive, did we say? Oh, my word, the Crop and Stirrup was more than that! Who belonged to it, but such present-day Midases as J. D. Murchison, "the czar of Wall Street;" Campbell, the steel king; Stoneyman, the noted collector of fac- simile engravings of the Presidents of the United States on five, ten, and twenty-dollar bills, and their ilk? Percy van Druyp, Algernon de Wetter, third, and Bertie Cole, were youthful inter- lopers, put up with merely out of re- gard for their sires, who had willed them, in accordance with the by-laws of the club, a life membership in that oldest and most ultra-exclusive of the city's social institutions. Chadwick Wade had entered the Crop and Stirrup's sacrosanct precincts with a two weeks' guest card, signed by James D. Donaldson, the railroad president, on the day after Mr. Don- aldson had left for a protracted trip through the West. It was conceded, at the outset, to be a shame that Mr. Donaldson was not there to take care of his guest. After- ward, when the members of the Crop and Stirrup Club, both young and old, had become better acquainted with Chadwick Wade, it amounted to little less than a club scandal that a young man of his attainments should have been left by the man who had put him up there to get along the best way he could. In addition to the fact that he told a story well, and played an ex- cellent game of billiards and bridge, the unvarying good humor already re- ferred to which he displayed toward all with whom he came in contact, had soon made young Wade the most pop- ular frequenter of the club. Nobody had objected, when the fort- night specified on his guest card was 