Death in Life 67 himself for the time being, and, there- fore, no great amount of caution was required, except to keep from falling and injuring himself in that unfamiliar place. It was almost wholly dark below, and the young detective was obliged to light a match in order to see what there was to see. Unfortunately, his pocket flash light had also been left at home. The flaring light revealed the fact that the pushcart stood close inside the double doors, while on the left there ran a long bench. On this bench, some six or eight feet away from Chick, stood the package which he had seen in the cart, but it was still wrapped in burlap, and re- vealed nothing more of its nature. Beneath the bench stood several square red-painted cans of various sizes, which Chick recognized at once as those which contain gasoline. In addition, there was a slight odor of the volatile stuff in the air. In fact, Chick had hesitated to light a match for that reason, but had finally decided to risk it. It was evident that the shed was, or had been used as, a garage, or something of the sort. It certainly looked inno- cent enough, but in spite of that, Chick was not ready to believe that he had come all that distance on a wild-goose chase. "There's something rotten about this business," he assured himself, "and here's the boy who's going to find out what it is." There was nothing else to interest him, and, without more ado, he stepped over to the bench and laid hands on the burlap-covered package. He had assumed that the coarse brown covering had been loosely thrown over the package, whatever it was, but now he found that the burlap was in the form of a large bag, into which the square-shaped object had been dropped. The bag was not fastened in any way, however, and, lighting another match. Chick found the opening and peeped inside. The surprise that followed wrenched an audible exclamation from his lips. "Good heavens!" he broke out. "It's the body of the ambulance!" CHAPTER XXII. LEIGH STINGS ANOTHER VICTIM. CHICK was all interest now, as may well be imagined. The astound- ing discovery he had stumbled upon told him that a sensational crime had been committed, and his first thought was one of regret that he had not fol- lowed the rascals when he had the chance. He quickly put that from him, how- ever, for as he touched the odd-shaped box, upon the sides of which gleamed the familiar emblem of the Red Cross, he felt its weight, and heard the rattle of its shifting contents. The match burned down until it scorched his heedless fingers and was dropped, after which another was lighted and held close to the slot at the top. There could be no doubt of the nature of that glittering mass within. "By George! What luck!" the young detective ejaculated under his breath. "I didn't know what I was butting in on, but, thank fortune, I had sense enough to keep after those crooks. The nerve of them! How the deuce did they manage it, I wonder? So interested was he in his amazing find that for a time he forgot his sur- roundings. He had watched the two men as far as he could see, and it did not occur to him in his preoccupation that he might be in danger from any other quarter. Suddenly, however, a faint creak came to his ears, and he whirled about with his heart in his mouth. 