Rogue for a Day 15 evidently, for on each envelope a num- ber was stamped. He found the one marked "Eight," and took out the sheet of paper it contained. There were the orders the Black Star had prepared for this man: At three o'clock in the afternoon there is a committee meeting of the Browning Club in a parlor of the second floor of the Na- tional Hotel, at which Miss Freda Brake- land will be present. Manage to be in the lobby of the hotel after the meeting, and meet Miss Brakeland as if by accident. Talk of the Charity Ball, and ascertain whether she is to wear the famous Brakeland jewels at that affair. Report in usual manner here at ten o'clock at night; and remember that no excuse can be accepted for failure. Here was another glimpse of the Black Star's work. Verbeck, after a moment's thought, decided to give the man his orders and let him go. He would continue to play at being the Black Star, and discover all he could of the master crook's plans. Perhaps he would be able to prevent the whole- sale theft of valuable jewels; for it ap- peared that the Black Star intended a series of crimes following the Charity Ball. This man before him had orders to report the following night, so there was no object in exciting his suspicions now. Verbeck would have given a great deal at that moment to have been able to peer behind the other man's mask. Who was this man before him who could be expected to engage Miss Freda Brakeland in conversation without arousing suspicion? Somebody who be- longed in the city, surely, somebody well known in society, for Freda Brake- land was one of the most exclusive and unapproachable women of the younger set. Verbeck was annoyed by the Black Star's threat that the chickens might come home to roost. He was astounded at the lines of information gathered for the benefit of the master crook, and a multitude of questions rushed to his mind, none of which he could answer. He decided to refrain from calling in the police at present, at least until he discovered more. And now to Verbeck came another plan he decided to use. He placed the orders on the end of the table and mo- tioned for the other man to pick them up; then he hurried to his blackboard and wrote supplementary orders there: Pass the northwest corner of First Ave- nue and American Boulevard at exactly two o'clock in afternoon on your way to the hotel. Stop on corner, remove hat, and pre- tend to brush dust from it. If there is to be any change in your orders, an envelope will be slipped to you at that time; otherwise, go ahead as you have been directed. It seemed to Verbeck that the other man expressed surprise in the way his shoulders straightened and his head lifted, and for an instant Verbeck feared he had attempted too much. But the other only nodded that he under- stood, then saluted and backed out of the door. Two minutes later, Muggs came in from the other room and re- ported that the crook had put robe and mask in the box outside, and had hur- ried away. "I'll get him!" Verbeck said. "He'll stop on that corner and give the sign, and then I'll follow him. I'll learn who it is that's helping the Black Star gather valuable information. We've got to stick to the game now, Muggs, old man!" "I'd call the police--" "Not yet! I'm going to play this game myself until it gets too hot for me. The Black Star challenged me, didn't he? I'll have plenty of evidence before I call in the police." "What about the chief crook in the other room? He's conscious again." Verbeck paced the floor for a time, his head bowed, thinking. "I have it!" he exclaimed at last. "You get out of here, Muggs, and hurry to the garage and get my car. Stop at 