The Crime Destroyer 59 He indicated a point roughly to the north of us, then trained the glasses on the Alter Tower. "They are on the spot down there even on Sundays," he remarked. "Ah, here comes a message. They are not likely to stay long, so we don't want to miss anything. Take it down as I read." I already had my notebook and pen ready, and I wrote to his dictation: No. 814--Report: No. 51 reports No. 3, O49 C. ready for preliminary steps. Shall procecd at Tuesday's meeting. Humphrey Steene turned, and, fol- lowing his gaze, I perceived that the phenomenon of the alternately dark- ened and exposed light was being re- peated within an upper room of an apartment house perhaps three blocks farther uptown--a house that stood all of four stories above the level of the roof where we were standing. This time he read without the use of glasses: First sound out Sanders. He is much with him. I am suspicious. Then from the tower: Already investigated--No. 583, neut.--O. K. Arrived from France on La Parisienne, Wednesday. Letter of intro. from a former classmate of No. 3, 049 C. Thus No. 75 re- ports. And finally from Ivan Ivanovitch: Go ahead, then; but with caution. We waited for further messages, but none came. After some fifteen minutes, we descended to Humphrey Steene's sitting room. He took my notebook from my hand and studied the record I had made there. "No. 814 I have placed," he said. "Your disguise has stood the first test, doctor, for you have been given a new number, and a neutral. You are in luck. Young Brittain is evidently No. 3,049 C. The C stands for Cub. No. 51 is a ort of proselytizer of the In- termediate Degree. No. 75 I don't know." "Who but our old acquaintance Fielding? He used to be butler at the Brittain mansion. Why should he now be acting as valet to a young man who is broke, and, worse than that, heavily in debt?" "You've hit it, doctor. I wondered what had become of that fellow. That links him up definitely with the order and puts another cog into place. Now I'm going to bed. I've had no sleep for thirty-eight hours." Thus dismissed with scant ceremony, I took the subway at One Hundred and Forty-fifth Street and returned to the Giltmere. "Hello, Sanders! I wondered what had become of you, so thought I'd look you up." Bob Brittain had been on the point of leaving the hotel, and he was the one man I most wanted to see. "Come up to my rooms," I invited heartily. "I thought I'd been taxing your hospitality rather severely, so de- cided to see a bit of your city on my own account." "Not another word on that tack. I'd be only too glad to entertain a friend of an old classmate in any case, and, as it happens, I've taken a liking to you personally." In my own rooms, I lost no time in offering cocktails and cigars. He ac- cepted of the former, but resolutely stuck to his own cigarettes. With the idea of heading off any questions that I might have to avoid answering frankly. I seized the first opportunity that presented itself to broach the sub- ject uppermost in my mind. He was in evening dress, and as he changed his position in the easy-chair he had taken, the charm dangling from his watch fob showed up in sharp relief against the background immediately below the line of his white waistcoat. "You'll pardon me if I seem inquisi- tive, Brittain," I began, "but that's a 