The Crime Destroyer 51 My hair is fast growing, and at the end of three weeks I considered my beard and mustache sufficiently devel- oped to pass for a long-established adornment. I decided to get my feet firmly planted on dry land once more, and told the captain of my decision. He informed me that he bad been instructed to put me ashore at a cer- tain small village, which, for obvious reasons, I shall give the fictitious title of Bender. The second night after our conversation, the cutter ran into a tiny cove under cover of darkness. "Here you are, Mr. Small," said the captain. I realized that a second alias would be essential, since neither Sanders nor my own name would be safe to use. One of the crew carried a bag ashore for me, and we proceeded to the sole hotel in the place. "You'll be Mr. Small. I guess," said the landlord, eying me shrewdly. I hesitated a moment, somewhat taken aback by this further evidence of Humphrey Steene's thoroughness. "Yes," I admitted at length. "Yer room's ready for ye. It's the first on the right at the top of the stairs. There's a letter." He handed me an envelope, and a glance told me it was from Steene. Printed in the upper left-hand corner appeared: J. Bernstein &amp; Co., New York City, N. Y. OVERCOATS. Divining that probably it contained instructions for the near future, I bade the man from the cutter wait while I read its contents. The message was as follows : Dear Mr Small: We beg to notify you that the activities of our rivals compel us to request your early return to New York. We regret to ask yon to cut short a well-earned vacation, and can only hope you have en- joyed yourself in the past three weeks. We shall expect you by Wednesday, at latest. Faithfully yours. J. Bernstein &amp; Co. For a space of seconds, the note puz- zled me, but a New York paper that had been carelessly thrown on a table in the window provided--in the ship- ping column--this clew : Due Wednesday. La Parisienne Havre July 10 La Parisienne was the only vessel due to arrive from beyond the Atlantic on the day indicated for my return. My message to the cutter captain was brief: "Monday, at midnight." I sent it by word of mouth; then re- tired to my room. CHAPTER XIV. THE TRAMP INTERVENES. WHILE I did not know exactly when La Parisienne would pass Nan- tucket I was sure I had left a safe margin. I would board the cutter a full thirty-six hours before the vessel was due to reach quarantine. That would give me two days on shore, and, while my stay on the tug had been made very pleasant for me, I was nevertheless glad of a chance to stretch my legs on land again. In the morning I discovered that my window provided a delightful view of the cove. The cutter that had brought me there was no longer in sight. A road curved round the bay, and I had also the greater part of Bender in sight. It was no more than a pleasantly situ- ated fishing village, most of the houses being small, though neat appearing. But on the other side of the bay, on a cliff overlooking the ocean, there was a large building which I took for a hotel of some pretensions. It struck me that I would have been much more comfortable there than in the house that had been chosen for me; but decided that Humphrey Steene had probably his reasons for the choice he had made. I dismissed the matter from my mind till next day, when a desire to enjoy the 