Practical Theory 117 in the wide, wide world of earning this thing out?" "It's his funeral," Algernon agreed, with a shrug, after a moment's thought. "If he wants to get himself arrested, and sent away to the observation ward of some hospital, as the very mildest thing that will happen to him as a re- sult of trying on anything so wild as this, we should fret, as he suggests! As long as we don't run any risk our- selves of being connected in any way with the crazy stunt, that is." He turned to Chadwick Wade. "Tell us what it is you want us to do." Whereupon he told them. Slowly the expression of commisera- tion over the sudden fit of lunacy that had attacked him with which Percy van Druyp and Algernon de Wetter, third, if not Bertie Cole, had been re- garding him. was replaced on their faces by a look of grudging admira- tion. It was ridiculously simple, the thing lie had asked them to do. And yet, its very simplicity, at first glance, made it appear that he might be able to carry out his project, after all. For that reason, two of the young men at least who sat with him at that table in the club's smoking room were on the point of disowning their promise to help him. They weren't actually going to join in a plan to rob one of their own set of twenty-five thousand dollars. But, then, there came reassuringly to their minds the thought of the in- numerable stumblingblocks that would still beset the path of the clever de- viser of this scheme, even if it suc- ceeded, to the accomplishment of the purpose he had boastfully set himself. Why, no one could really hold up a man like Murchison, in the middle of the day in his office in the heart of the financial section, and walk off un- touched with the money he had threat- ened out of him at the revolver's point. It was absurd! And so, gayly assuring him that they would follow Lhe instructions he had given them to the letter on the morrow, but that he was going to fail, neverthe- less, Percy van Druyp, Algernon de Wetter, third, and Bertie Cole, the three youngest members of the ex- clusive Crop and Stirrup Club, took their leave of Chadwick Wade. "Mr. Murchison, I want twenty-five thousand dollars!" Wade, the customary smile of good nature gone from his lips, which were pressed together in a firm line, sat be- side J. D. Murchison s desk, in the lat- ters private office, at three minutes past two on the next afternoon. In one hand, he held the back of the banker's chair, as he leaned earnestly toward him, while in the other was an automatic revolver of the latest make, the short, dull-black muzzle of which was pressed between the third and fourth buttons of Murchison's vest. "At this moment, you are as far from being able to summon human help to get you out of the corner I've backed you into, as you would be if you were alone with me on a desert island." the young man went on, in the same level, brisk undertone. "Your private secre- tary, and the clerks in the office outside this door, might as well be a hundred miles away, instead of less than thirty feet, so far as any assistance they can be to you is concerned. If you lift your voice to summon them, I will kill you instantly. If you make a move to- ward one of the push buttons there un- der the edge of your desk, or that tele- phone, I'l shoot you before you can reach it--and, at this distance, I shall shoot straight. I mean exactly what I say. The capitalist's face, which had been crossed by the impatient expression of one who believes he is listening to a lunatic at his caller's first words, was now ashen--with sheer panic fear--as 