Rogue for a Day 7 cant lot and made directly for an old house far back from the street in the midst of a grove of trees that now were swaying and snapping in the storm. "So that's where the Black Star lives!" Verbeck said. He and Muggs had small difficulty following their man now, for there was a low hedge behind which, by stooping, they could make their way unseen. Their man reached the side of the house and went along it until he came to a door. Beside the door there was a box on the ground. As Verbeck and Muggs watched, the man they had been fol- lowing raised the lid of the box and took something out. "He's putting on clothes," Muggs whispered. His actions could not be observed well, but it did appear that he was don- ning an overcoat or a robe of some sort. "And he's putting on a mask," said Muggs. "What's coming off here?" "I imagine we are in for an interest- ing time," answered Verbeck. "Watch him now!" He had stepped up to the door, and they could see him put out his hand. Through a lull in the storm there came to Verbeck and Muggs the tinkling of a bell, then a sharp click, and the door flew open and their quarry disappeared inside, closing the door after him. Verbeck and Muggs hurried around the end of the hedge and to the house. A few feet from the door was a win- dow. Verbeck had no more than glanced at it before Muggs was at work. Verbeck never had inquired too closely into Muggs' past, but from what he had seen from time to time, he had reason to believe that Muggs knew a thing or two about crooks' methods, and now he had more evidence of it. In an instant, almost, Muggs was sliding that window up slowly, inch by inch, making no noise, and carefully pulling aside the curtains behind it. Another moment, and Verbeck was standing inside the house, with Muggs beside him. They heard no voices. Step by step they made their way across the room to the opposite wall, searching for a door. Then they saw a streak of light that penetrated from an adjoining room, where a door sagged in its casement, leaving a crack through which a man could see. Verbeck knew this house. For several years it had been deserted, not kept in repair, the grounds not kept up. It belonged to an estate in litiga- tion, and could not be sold, and the heirs had refused to build a more substantial residence for the rental it might bring in. He was surprised to find it inhabited, and he imagined that the Black Star and his band were mak- ing use of it surreptitiously. But when he applied his eye to the crack in the door, expecting to see a room almost barren, tilled with dust and cobwebs, two or three boxes, some burning candles--a typical resort of thugs--he faced a surprise. He was looking into a room that had been newly decorated and was furnished lavishly. Expensive rugs were on the floor; pictures adorned the walls. There was a massive library table in the center of the room, an armchair be- side it, books and papers and magazines on it. On one wall of the room was a small blackboard, with chalk and an eraser in a box beneath it. Before this black- board, standing erect, was their quarry --dressed in a long, black robe that cov- ered every portion of his body, even his head being enveloped in a hood, and over his face a black mask. There was no one else in the room. The man before the blackboard stood stiffly and silently, like a soldier at at- tention. Behind the door, Verbeck and Muggs waited, scarcely daring to breathe. Then a door on the other side of the 