94 Detective Story Magazine ship, at Sabina Park, and though they did not understand the intricacies of the play, they, nevertheless, caught the enthusiasm of the crowd, so that when, with one run to tie, and three men to play, Barton had taken the ball and hammered down those three wickets without allowing his opponents that one run, they cheered themselves hoarse in the general uproar that followed. They did not know what had happened, but they knew that the great left- hander had achieved the improbable, and that was enough. Then they drove back to their hotel to prepare for the great ball that was to follow. Mabel's experiences that night were entirely new, and harsh with that pungency that intoxicates. Dressed in a light, clinging creation of sky-blue silk that threw out boldly the soft, creamy alabaster of her throat and shoulders, she wore on her breast a single crescent clasp, consisting of one large diamond, surrounded by an almost priceless clus- ter of the finest pearls. Yet these adornments were unnecessary, for the tender freshness of Mabel Ransome, the rosy lips, and ruddier cheeks, and the bewitching, artless smile in her big, brown eyes, drew gallants to her as moths are drawn to a candle. But Mabel well knew the inconveni- ence of having her card filled too early. So she kept them off. She sat out the first march, and, when it was ended, had only three names on her card, and those were for the next three dances. Then she waltzed round the room to a tripping, airy, fantastic melody on the arms of De Launcey, and followed up with a quadrille with the same partner, when their vis-à-vis was a young negro legislator, accompanied by Lady Berk- shire, the governor's wife After that, she one-stepped with a gentleman who had been a passenger on the Aim-route with her. And then she let herself go. Half a dozen other dances passed off before De Launcey and Mabel found themselves together once more. This time, it was in a wild, maddening galop, that sent the blood in a rush to their heads and faces, and intoxicated them with their own delirious exhilara- tion. They could not speak, save only with their eyes; they could hardly breathe; yet the gentle touch of the man on the slender form of the girl he held, was the self-confident dominance of possession, and the sensitive intui- tion of the maiden telegraphed back a message of submission. As the music ended, and De Laun- cey conducted her to her seat, he found time to whisper: "Won't you be sitting out a single dance? I had so wanted to have you to myself for a little while." "I am so happy, Mr. de Launcey," she pleaded, "and my program is quite full. I could reserve only the last dance for you. May I not--" "I must leave Kingston to-morrow for Westmoreland, at the other end of the island," he replied. "I waited only for this." "I will see you after the last dance." she said hurriedly, for her next part- ner was approaching. "Is it a bar- gain?" "It's a favor," he answered, and yielded his place to the newcomer. III. The Constant Spring Hotel stands on acres and acres of its own ground, an open meadow, decked here and there by straggling palms, or clusters of lilies, or little groves of carefully cultivated "wild flowers" hidden in the most un- expected nooks, and insidiously en- couraged to assume their most natural wildness. As Richard de Launcey led his com- panion out of the rapidly emptying ball- room, he readied her a light wrap from the adjoining coat room, and led her 