104 Detective Story Magazine health failed most alarmingly. No one had ever known him to be ill. "A con- stitution like Norton Torrey," had come to be an ordinary form of expression in the town. He was a sad wreck when the iron strength that had sustained him through so many years failed at last. No one knew what was the matter with him. A distinguished expert in nervous diseases --summoned at great expense from Philadelphia--supplied the gossips with ponderous scientific names, which be- came even more incomprehensible after a few attempts at repetition. The patient rallied, and soon was able to go out-of-doors; but it was evident to all who met him that he had failed in mind as well as in body, and that he never would be the same man again. He was eccentric and despondent, and as irritable as if he had been an invalid all his days. Of course, the sad change in him ex- cited no end of talk; but the gossips soon had a better subject in the wife, whose friendship with George Harley, a young lawyer, was said to have be- come closer than propriety permitted. Harley was a fine-looking fellow, just out of a law school. He was the son of a well-to-do resident of Holliston, which accounts for his beginning prac- tice in so small a field. For a year or more, he had a little legal work to do for Norton Torrey, but other clients came rarely to the door of his office. Finally, Torrey heard the stories about his wife and the young lawyer; there was a violent interview between the two men ; and the result was that Harley's law business lost its mainstay. When this became known, there was considerable interest in the question whether Harley would seek a fresh held, since Holliston, which had been worth little, was now worth nothing. But he lingered on, to the great satis- faction of the gossips. It was an afternoon in May. Mrs Torrey, rapidly crossing the hall in her magnificent home, met Doctor Frazer, the old village physician. He was sur- prised to see her--much more surprised than she, apparently. "Where have you been?" he cried. "We have searched for you everywhere. We have been looking for you since one o'clock." "Is it possible?" asked Mrs. Torrey calmly. "What is the matter?" The physician did not mark, at the time, that she had not answered his question, but he remembered it after- ward. "Your husband is very ill," he said. "Indeed?" replied the lady, without seeming to note the physician's excited, almost frightened, demeanor. "He seemed no worse than usual when I saw him this morning. I will go up to his room at once." She ascended the stairs, and the old doctor followed her. His hand, upon the banister rail, trembled. They found Norton Torrey in his bed. An elderly woman, Mrs. Eliza Ward, who had long been the principal servant in the house, was bending over him. It seemed that she was trying to make him swallow a potion, and that he was unable to do so. His teeth were clenched tightly; his face was pale, and showed the lines of recent and acute suffering. One hand was at his throat, as if he were choking. At the sight of him, his wife's face became as pale as his. She stepped forward hastily. Norton Torrey's eyes were upon her, and their look was repellent. He mur- mured something in a harsh tone, but the words were indistinguishable. One hand remained at his throat, but the other, with which he had been support- ing himself in bed, was raised with a peculiar gesture, pointing at his wife. Suddenly, with a deep groan, he fell back. A convulsive shudder shook his 