Practical Theory 115 you'll hold him up with a plea to con- tribute that much to some charity you're interested in?" "No," the other, still smiling, con- tinued to shake his head. "I mean that I'll walk in and literally hold him up. At the point of a gun, with which I'll threaten to blow his head off if he doesn't come across with the sum I demand. That kind of a hold-up, my children!" In silence, the three young men, whose inherited wealth totaled between twenty and thirty millions, sat staring at him for a full minute. "You have gone crazy!" declared Percy van Druyp, with simple convic- tion, at length. "I mean it!" insisted Wade, leaning forward and smiling round at them. "If you chaps will agree to help me, I'll show you that I intend to try the thing out by going over and arranging with Murchison for an interview to- morrow at his office--now." Before they could rouse from the stunned amazement into which the dar- ing of his contemplated project had thrown them, and so spring up to stop him, the trio of young clubmen saw Chadwick Wade rise from the table to cross the smoking room and address the great financier, who had just dis- carded his newspaper at the conclu- sion of the perusal of its financial page. "Mr. Murchison," Wade was saying to the head of the banking trust. "I'd like to consult you about a small busi- ness matter. Could I drop into your office--say, to-morrow? Some time be- fore three o'clock would suit me best." Murchison, whose face had lighted up with pleasure at sight of the young man whose advice in regard to his bil- liard stroke had enabled him within the past week to defeat no less than three of his friends, who had formerly been trouncing him with aggravating reg- ularity, frowned as he heard his re- quest for an interview at his office. "I'm a blunt man, Mr. Wade," the capitalist snapped, "and so I'll tell you plainly that, if you're counting on the personal acquaintance you've scraped with me in this club to get you an in- side tip on the stock market, or a fancy- salaried position in some one of the banks I control, you re going to be dis- appointed, for I can do nothing for you." "It hasn't anything to do with either of those things," Wade announced, his manner quite unruffled by the other's self-confessed bluntness of speech. "You can take my word for that. But I prefer not to tell you beforehand what I want to come to see you about. You'll be pleasantly surprised when you find out I can promise you that, also. How would two o'clock to-mor- row afternoon do? I won't detain you more than five minutes, at the most." Murchison silently regarded him from under his shaggy, iron-gray brows, that were still skeptically low- ered. "All right," he growled at length, taking a morocco-bound engagement book from his vest pocket, and jotting down a line in it with his fountain pen. "I'll see you then. Chadwick Wade returned to his former companions at the table, beck- oning to one of the club's faultless servants as he reseated himself. "I'm to see him in his office at two o'clock to-morrow afternoon," he in- formed the three round-eyed and open- mouthed young men. "We'll drink to the taking of the first step toward your education in the truth of my theory. By two-ten to-morrow afternoon you'll have finally graduated--all of you will be ready to admit that I knew what I was talking about!" "But, dash it all, look here!" ex- postulated Percy van Druyp. "You can't mean to attempt to carry out any- thing so wild, so harebrained. so--so utterly preposterous, if you know what 