Death in Life From the Archives of Nicholas Carter SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS ON street In New York's lower East Side, Wilbur Leigh, a man of dual personality, known as a playwright and author of stories dealing with crooks and crime, is overtaken by two men of criminal bearing, Gus Hoch and Whitey Ward, and is offered valuable material for his work if be will accompany them to the bedside of a dying companion. The writer consents to go, and, blind- folded, he is put into a taxicab with the two men. Leigh succeeds in learning where he is being taken. He is brought to the room of a crook calling himself William Silk Walker, whom Leigh rec- ognizes as Walter Lispenard Whitehead, a former schoolmate, and receives a package of notes. Silk is a consumptive, and is suffering from a bullet wound in the shoulder. In order to try out the schemes he invents for his stories, and to get thrills which he may depict with his pen, Leigh, un- known to any one, has turned crook. He is to attend a lawn party to be given by Mrs. Winifred Fuller Templeton, a society leader, for the relief of sufferers in Belgium, and decides to attempt to steal the jewelry and whatever else may be contributed. Leigh visits Whitehead, whose bullet wound has greatly improved, and succeeds in getting him to consent to take a hand in the robbery. While plans are being arranged, Gus Hoch enters, and is disabled by a drug administered by Leigh. Nick Carter, Chick, Ida Jones, and Jack Wise accept Mrs. Templeton's invitation, and attend the lawn party. During the course of the affair, Mrs. Templeton recognizes Silk Whitehead, the crook, who was a former sweetheart. The contributions to the relief fund are deposited in a miniature ambulance, drawn about by four girls. Intending to examine the valuables contributed, Fuller Templeton finds the ambulance empty. Nick is called, and, with his assistants, except Chick, who cannot be found, makes an investigation. It is learned from Ruth Vance, one of the girls drawing the ambulance, that a man, offering to aid with the load, took the little wagon around a clump of shrubbery near a discarded back-alley doorway. From three sets of footprints found in the bordering turf, the detective concludes he has hit upon the course taken by the thieves who got away with the loot. CHAPTER XIX. OVERHEARD IN THE THRONG. NICK CARTER, the young mil- lionaire Fuller Templeton, and the rest of the party turned and made their way back along the path toward the tent, leaving for later settlement the questions raised by the three sets of prints. The meaning of the third set had not yet occurred to Nick. If it had, he might have felt very differently about the matter. Ida Jones and Jack Wise were sent for and given new instructions based upon the latest findings. When they had left to see if they could pick up the trail, Nick turned his attention to the loosened top of the ambulance. He was eager to busy himself with some- thing more important than explana- tions, but it seemed advisable to satisfy his influential companions so far as he could. The trail was already growing cold, and a little more delay could hardly make much difference. "This gave me the first hint that the affair was a case of duplication," he began, pointing to the slit about which the paint was smooth and unmarred. "It stood to reason that the edges would be more or less scratched after so much jewelry had been dropped in. Moreover, there ought to have been plenty of finger marks. As a matter of fact, however, I had something more than theory to work on. The ambu- lance had passed close to me more than once during its rounds, and I'd noticed that there were both scratches and fin- ger marks around the opening; natu- 