The Red Raven Stories 87 intent upon the near culmination of the mosr elaborate and laborious crime they had ever undertaken. Ravenswood checked their conversa- tion, and addressed them more seri- ously than usual, and not without a tinge of affection in his low, sonorous voice. "Attention. Red Ravens!" he began. "I have important disclosures to make, and little time in which to make them. It is twenty minutes to nine, when we shall learn with what success we have labored. We have met here many times in the past six months, and this is to be the last time here--and perhaps our last meeting as an organized band of underworld workers." "Last meeting?" Nolan stared at him amazedly, while the jaws of others fell. "Our last meeting, Dickie?" Ravenswood bowed. "It's a long lane, lads, that has no turning," said he. "Sooner or later, despite the utmost precautions that can be taken, the pitcher that goes to the well may be broken. After to-night, Red Ravens, we shall disband tempo- rarily, at least, and whether a subse- quent reorganization will be feasible will depend upon many contingencies." "Great guns!" This from Galen. "What s the trouble, Dickie?" G"lidden is in a way to make good." "Make good!" Nolan gasped. "What do you mean, Dickie?" "He has identified me as Fisk, for three years a respected resident in the fashionable Waldron. But the Wal- dron, Paddy, will see no more of us." "Thunderation!" Nolan scarce could believe his ears. "How did the infernal dick get wise?" "Through my identification by a for- mer victim--the Van Hook girl. Nat- urally, of course, she hastened to in- form Glidden, who investigated the Van Hook robbery." "But when did that come off?" Lacy demanded apprehensively. "How long has Glidden known this?" "Since Thursday morning." "The devil you say!" "Oh, don't be alarmed," Ravenswood said assuringly. "He has been looking me up and making inquiries, no doubt, but he has not approached me openly." "You may have been shadowed." "I know that I have been watched. Fortunately, however, this is my first visit here since Wednesday. I discov- ered this afternoon that Glidden was trailing me, but I shook him off by-- well, I'll take time to tell you all about it." "Thundering guns! This is awful, Dickie," Nolan said, with a groan, after Ravenswood had concluded. "If we could only silence the infernal--" Ravenswood checked him with a ges- ture. "It is too late for anything of that kind," he said more brusquely. "The milk is spilled and the pitcher broken. Our only wise course is to disband tem- porarily, as I have said, with a possi- bility of subsequent reorganization. I must have time in which to consider it. in which to plan to meet the new condi- tions, if it seems judicious." "You may be right, Dickie," Nolan soberly admitted. "I know I am right." Ravenswood spoke decidedly. "After to-night, therefore, it will be each man for him- self, each still loyal to the ties that have joined us, to the pledges that so long have held us together. That is all I have to say. Brother Ravens, along those lines." His ten confederates, including, with those mentioned, Finley and Blake, Drogan, Hawley, Midget Maloney, and two others, looked grave and regretful upon hearing these announcements; but none ventured to advise or oppose this man, who long had been their success- ful chief, guide, and director. Low 