Death in Life 65 cart turned, his follower went after him, and after more or less doubling and twisting, that fact became full of meaning for the third actor in the shift- ing scene. It soon became apparent that the chase was to prove a long one, and any hopes Chick might have had of return- ing before the lawn party broke up were necessarily dismissed. The man with the pushcart struck eastward for two or three blocks, then turned to the south, continued for nearly a mile, and then once more headed for the East River. His pace was steady and dogged, and there was plenty of evidence that the man in the high hat found it difficult to keep the pace. In fact, there was more than a suggestion of weakness about his per- formance. At length, the three came to an ugly, down-at-the-heel neighborhood close to the river, and the pushcart vanished from Chick's view down a quiet street. The young detective quickened his pace and reached the corner just in time to see the cart swallowed up in a dingy alley. Chick waited where he was until the second man likewise passed from sight, and then pressed forward. "It looks as if I'd come to the end of it at last," he decided. Shortly he reached the mouth of the alley and peered in. He caught sight of a number of sheds evidently used as storehouses. Outside one of them the pushcart was standing, but its load and the men were lost to view. That was of no consequence, however, for an open door opposite the men indicated to Chick where they had gone. Should he continue to follow? That was out of the question. Thus far he believed he had escaped notice, but he did not dare to tempt fate to such an extent. Accordingly, he took a care- ful mental note of the position of the shed before sauntering on past the en- trance of the alley. There might be another opening to the place, but Chick was not going to risk a search just then. He reached the other end of the block, and came to a halt. He was in something of a quandary, but while his mind was still wrestling with the problem, it was solved for him by the reappearance of the two men whom he had followed. They came out of the alley and turned up the street in the opposite direction. Chick made himself as inconspicuous as possible on short notice, but neither of the men seemed to be afraid of be- ing seen. Here was a new question to be an- swered. Should he continue to trail the pair or turn his attention to the shed which they had visited and where they seemed to have left whatever had been carried away in the pushcart? CHAPTER XXI. THE SECRET OF THE BURLAP. NICK'S assistant longed for the abil- ity to divide himself up and send one part in pursuit of the two men, while the other investigated the prem- ises they had just left. That being out of the question, he decided to confine himself to the latter course. Curiosity partly accounted for that determination. He was anxious to see what the pushcart had contained, and inclined to believe that it was waiting for him in the shed, for the apparent bulk of the burlap-covered bundle seemed to indicate that its contents had not been carried away from the alley on the person of either of the pair. It was by no means curiosity alone, however, which prompted him to take this course, for Chick reasoned that the recovery of the booty--if such it were 5A 