98 Detective Story Magazine "Excuse me," be said, tapping her lightly on the arm, "you got to go with me up to Sutton Street." "What for?" cried the girl, startled. "I haven't done nothing." "No questions asked and none an- swered," replied the limb of the law promptly; then, remembering the rule book, added: "And I have to warn you that any statement you make will be used against you in evidence." "Well, but what I got to go for?" asked the puzzled girl. "'Cause I told you to," replied Arm- strong, stretching out his great bulk, "and I'm an officer of the law. Will you go quietly now, or shall I arrest you?" The girl considered the situation for a moment, and then moved on beside her burly escort. "I will go," she sighed, "but I haven't done nothing." And at her throat the while, there sparkled a great crescent clasp, consist- ing of a single large diamond, sur- rounded by a collection of the rarest, richest pearls. At the station, Armstrong did not need to say a word. Half a dozen po- licemen sprang to welcome the pair, and led them up to the lieutenant s desk. "What's your name?" asked that of- ficial. "Mary Berger. But I haven't done nothing." "Address," continued the lieutenant, writing. She told him. "Now, Mary," said the lieutenant, in a kindly, reassuring tone, "you will save yourself and us a lot of trouble if you answer frankly and truthfully a few questions I am going to ask you. Don't be afraid of anybody; we can protect you. Do you understand?" The girl nodded. "Tell me where you got that lovely brooch." "This? Why, I bought it with my own money." Armstrong, who was still standing beside the girl, tittered audibly. "Thank you, Armstrong," said the lieutenant. "I forgot to thank and com- pliment you. You may return to your post. I will see that this thing gets into my report." He turned again to the girl. "Will you tell me how much you paid for it?" he asked. "Five shillings," she replied proudly. "Why? Did he rob me?" "From whom did you buy it?" the lieutenant asked. "From a man I met in the street yes- terday morning. He said he had picked it up, and when I paid him for it, he turned into the saloon at the corner of Charles and Duke Streets." "Would you know that man if you saw him again? Can you describe him?" "I sure would. I paid him five shil- lings. He was about as tall as as that man over there, but not so stout. He had a red face, and a little mustache here, just a little. His face was wrin- kled oh, so wrinkled, and when he grinned, I noticed he had lost two teeth here." "Your information is very complete, Miss Berger," the officer replied, "and I thank you. I am sorry to have to ask you to leave the clasp with me, and to wait for a few minutes, just to identify the man. After that, we shan't trouble you." "And my five shillings?" asked the girl, surrendering the jewel. "I paid him five hard-cash shillings for it, and I haven't done nothing." "We will see what can be done," he replied, and pressed a button. Then, to the man who answered, he simply said: "Burke, we want Wooden-head Jimmy on a hurry call." Exactly fifteen minutes later, the 