The Red Raven Stories VIII. A Chance Clew By Scott Campbell THE girl halted, as if suddenly turned to stone. Her color faded as quickly as if all the blood in her veins had surged to her heart. Through the meshes of her gray veil, her dilating eyes were fixed with startled, staring scrutiny upon the man's motionless hand--and its one adornment. She lingered only for a moment, un- heard, unnoticed, and then she went to sit at a desk in one corner, still fur- tively watching the man, but with her fair face partly averted. She had just entered the Stability Trust Company, a New York banking institution, and ap- proached one of the wall desks to write a deposit slip. Incidentally, when nearly behind a fashionably clad man, who was writing a check, she noticed his left hand, on the check book. At the receiving teller's window, a little later, while passing in her deposit, she inquired carelessly: "Did you see the tall gentleman, Mr. Raymond, who cashed a check and went out a few moments ago?" Mr. Raymond smiled at her through the lattice, and bowed. "I did," he replied. "He is a per- sonal friend of mine. His name is Hamilton Fisk." "Thank you. He reminded me of a friend who lives in Denver." "Mr. Fisk lives at the Waldron. He is one of our depositors." "I was merely impressed with the re- semblance mentioned--nothing more. The last was added with noticeable in- difference." Nevertheless, upon entering a hand- some Fifth Avenue residence, half an hour later, this same young lady has- tened to call up the police headquarters and ask for Detective Glidden. "I am Violet van Hook," she in- formed him. "You remember me, no doubt, in connection with the robbery in our Riverdale home two years ago." "Yes, indeed!" Glidden pricked up his ears. "Very well, Miss van Hook, I assure you. Not been robbed again, have you?" "No, I am thankful to say! But I have information for you, very valua- ble information. Will you call at my Fifth Avenue home as soon as pos- sible?" "Within half an hour." "Thank you. By the way--" "Well?" "I think you had better wear a dis- guise." "Very good. I will do so." Miss van Hook received him in the library, half an hour later. She then looked more pale and seri- 