The Crime Destroyer by Frank Conly SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS A NEW YORK physician, Doctor Thomas Bernard, is examining the body of a wealthy patient, John Brittain, who has just been found dead, when he strangely encounters Humphrey Steene, a detective. At Steene's request, Bernard goes the same afternoon to the detective's offices, and learns that Steene is at the head of a body of detectives who are operating against a secret organ-ization thriving on graft and crime, headed by Ivan Ivanovitch. The organisation is called the Loyal Order of the White Bear, consisting of Cubs, or probationers, who support the society finan- cially; members of the Intermediate Degree, who are the men who commit the deeds of the order as laid out by a large group known as the Inner Shrine, the third and highest division. Doctor Bernard tells the detective that John Brittain was murdered. At Sterne's offices, from which Ivan Ivanovitch's rooms can be watched, they learn that Bernard is considered a marked man by the order. The doctor consents to join Steene and aid him to the end. A plan is formed whereby attention can be turned from the doctor. Upon arriving home, Bernard learns that Mildred Brit-tain--in whom the doctor has a personal interest--who is the recipient of her father's wealth, has been kidnaped, and that Bob Brittain, her cousin, is a Cub. CHAPTER IX. THE FINGER OF SUSPICION. JUDGE of my feelings, at seeing worn by my best friend and the cousin of the girl I loved, the in- signia of the Order of the White Bear, which that day I had learned to hate and to fear. Humphrey Steene's questions had brought it to my mind that, John Brit- tain being dead, only Mildred stood be- tween Bob Brittain and an enormous fortune. Would it have been surpris- ing if I had for a moment suspected that the young man before me was act- ing a part? Let me mention in detail a few of the points against him that forced them- selves into my thoughts in a single flash. Unless he had been mentioned in his uncle's will, not yet read, Bob Brittain was a poor man. His father had been a clergyman, with less world- liness than most. Financially, he had never been a success. Bob owed his education to his uncle, from whom, in addition, he had received a fair allow- ance. As his chum, I knew him to be deep in debt. For a time he had studied medicine, though he had abandoned all idea of practicing long before. The death of John Brittain had been accom- plished by a means that could only have occurred to some one possessed of con- siderable knowledge of the human anat- omy. He was no bungler who had crept up behind the millionaire--absorbed in his affairs--and instantly put him to death. Till he abandoned the med- ical course, Bob Brittain had shown promise of becoming a skillful surgeon. Add to these the points already made clear: that the death of his uncle left only Mildred between Bob Brittain and a great inheritance, and that Mildred had disappeared. Then try to answer the above pertinent question. 