68 Detective Story Magazine He had been half facing in the direc- tion of the double doors leading to the alley, and thus his back was turned to the opposite wall down which ran the ladder he had used in descending from the loft. Now as he whipped about, he found that near the ladder a door which he had not noticed before had opened. Framed in it was a well-dressed, compact, athletic figure. The newcomer must have caught sight of Chick simultaneously, for Nick's assistant heard a quick, angry exclamation, and the next moment was facing a furious advance. One usually does not go armed to a fashionable lawn party. Chick was weaponless, therefore, and as he had dropped the match when he turned about, it was hopeless for him to fum- ble about in the darkness for a make- shift. Instead, he quietly stepped aside, and crouched in readiness to take a hand when his antagonist should come within reach. Apparently, however, the new- comer could see in the dark, or else his hearing was unusually keen. In any event, he swerved almost as soon as Nick's assistant did, and Chick, in spite of his precaution, found himself seized. It was an unpleasant experience to be caught napping, but there seemed to be little to worry about. It was one to one, and the new arrival, though some- what heavier than Chick, and thor- oughly trained, did not give evidence of being particularly dangerous in any way. "If I can't handle this fellow before I get through, I ought to join the infant class," was Chick's way of putting the situation to himself. He made a slight miscalculation, however, because in his ignorance he assumed that it was to be a purely physical encounter, or that if his an- tagonist used any weapons at all, they would be of the ordinary sort. He was not prepared, therefore, for the little sting of pain which he quickly felt in his right arm close to the shoul- der. Another might have thought noth- ing of it, but Chick knew better than to make that mistake. He was sure it was not as innocent as it seemed. Therefore, he was not greatly surprised when he felt a cold and numb sensa- tion beginning to creep over him like an icy tide. To tell the truth, it was something more harrowing than surprise which he experienced. The fact that he had been discovered--evidently by one of the gang--while tampering with the stolen ambulance, did not seem to war- rant a murderous attack, but Chick's sensations were alarming enough to make him fear that the end was near. What else could it mean--that creep- ing paralysis that was conquering his limbs? With a last mad effort, he succeeded in tearing himself from the other's grasp, probably because his conqueror allowed him to do so. He groped for support against the long bench, but al- though he managed to put out his hand, there was no sensation in it, and it seemed to be devoid of strength. "What have you done to me?" he demanded, only to find that he could not add a word to that frantic question, for his tongue and lips in turn refused to do his will. "Plenty," was the triumphant an- swer. Chick's senses were leaving him, and life itself seemed to be going with them, but even in that extremity the young detective's professional instincts were still uppermost. Despite the fact that the door was open now, the shed was in semidark- ness and the newcomer's back was turned to what light there was. Never- theless, with his failing sight, Nick's 