626 Adventure some time,--and the thing I mind most about what's going to happen to me is--oh, well--that you should be alive to know about it." "Bessie," I said "Bessie dear--I'm a weakling, God knows--but if that's all that's worrying you! The first hand that is laid on you is the signal I'm waiting for. I step out of the world then, Bess--but not alone, I hope. Having lived so long without my just share of strength and manliness, it may be that at the last the Lord will make me strong for a minute or two. I have been thinking about it hard all day--how best to go at it, and all that--and I think that if I'm very quick, and very sudden, maybe I can get my thumbs into Carrol's eyes, and kill him, before the rest can brush me off. Anyway, that is how I shall try to--to enter my final protest--that is, unless I can snatch a weapon from one of them." "Jim." said she, "would you rather I died fighting--or is it really nothing to you one way or the other?" "Bessie," I said, and I took her hand in mine, "it's so much to me that almost I think I would. But if your boy is to be let off at last--why then, my dear--then I think you mustn't die." She bowed her head gravely. Then caught my hand to her lips and kissed it. "God help us all!" said she. CHAPTER XXIX SPIRITS OF LAVENDER WITH the falling of night there came a dead calm. Lichee still slept in his corner; while Bessie and Carmen and I sat in silence--and waited. It grew darker and darker, but still our captors gave no sign. At last, however, we heard steps upon the deck without, and presently the cabin door was thrust sharply ajar, and Car- rol, carrying a lantern, appeared in the opening. "What," said he, " no lights? Tactful, but cheerless. Well, my hearties, how goes it?" He strode in and, having thrust the lan- tern almost into our white faces and laugh- ed, he stood it with a clatter upon the table. "Now, then," said he, "light up and set the table. We've had a hard day of it, and we're going to have a bang-up dinner and pass the time with laughter and song. How's the ship fixed for drinkables?" "There's water," said Bessie, "and whisky and red wine--Spanish Red--" "Spanish Red! " exclaimed Carrol, smack- ing his lips. "Where is it?" "In the wine-locker," said Bessie, "under the lower berth in the port stateroom--in there," and she nodded in the direction of the closed stateroom door. "Here's the key." She unslung it from her neck and held it out to him. "You know where the stuff is," said Car- rol. "I appoint you cup-bearer. Put out a dozen bottles." Bessie flung the key on the floor. "Now, my dearest dear," said Carrol, "don't be a fool." Carmen leaned over suddenly and picked up the key. "I get him," she said. "That's right!" said Carrol heartily. "There's a sensible girl. She knows which side her bread's buttered," and he turned on his heel and strolled out. Bessie turned coldly to Carmen. "After all your hot talk about what you'd do to Carrol--you're a pretty weak sister, I must say!" But Carmen smiled--almost laughed. And she bent down and whispered so that both Bessie and I could hear. "There is one chance," she said, "only laugh--an' be gay, an' set that table." "A chance!" I exclaimed. "Better I not say a thing," said Carmen. "But look--I smile--almos' I am happy; I ask you, if you hopes for paradise, you set that-a table--an' leave my little plan all to me." "Bessie," said I, "this is a straw, but what's good enough for one drowning per- son ought to be good enough for another. Let's set the table." "That is fine," said Carmen, " that is fine." And she unlocked the stateroom door and went in, shutting it after her. Presently we heard her striking a match. Half an hour later the table was set, the cabin lamps shone brightly upon the white cloth, and there came Swigot and the Doc- tor, the latter looking much the worse for wear, bearing smoking dishes from the gal- ley. Carrol came in next, and last of all Brandreth and Kelsey. The latter had wet and slicked down his sparse hairs for the occasion; and Brandreth had gone so far as to shave his beard.