736 Adventure and understanding of Latin peoples per- mitted he took the situation in hand and led the talk to matters of the outside world, the things of which secluded women dream hungry dreams. His reward was speedy, and the stages of the change that came over them were interesting to watch. From a stiff dignity that had a strong undercurrent of dislike and enmity, they passed to a slight interest, then a frank curiosity, then questions and naive comment ending in open good-humor. Through it all the niece sat silent and for the most part with averted eyes. Plainly she had been rebuked for her welcome to Haskell and was very resentful. Physically fortified by his excellent meal and a glass of satisfactory claret, Haskell talked on until he made the fatal mistake of a reference to his mission. A swift cloud crossed the elder woman's dark brow, the girls dropped their eyes and fell silent, and there was a little impatient movement on the part of the niece that told him he had blundered. In a moment, they rose and, bidding him an al- most curt goodnight, left the room. TAKING one of the candles, the ser- vant lighted Haskell to his door and was backing out with his " Buenas noches, buenas noches, senor" when Haskell called him back. "See here, muchacho, do you know what this is?" "Twenty pesetas, senor," answered the man, looking at the coins. "Well, I want you to take this and to understand that there is plenty more for you if you will work for it. I come to this house as a stranger, but I am an honest man and I come on honest business, with no intentions of harming any one or doing any wrong. You know, and I know, that I am looked on as an intruder, as an enemy. I do not know7 why. Will you tell me why?" "Senor is a friend and guest in the casa; no harm can come to him," answered the Maya, shuffling his feet and looking any- where but into Haskell's eyes. The engi- neer laid a gold piece of the largest denomi- tion on the coins and pushed them toward the man with the tips of his fingers. The Indian shot him one furtive glance. "You know that is not true, 'Nacion. I am not afraid, but I do not w'ant to go on in the dark." "My father and his father worked on this hacienda, and I shall work here, and, with the sacred mercy, my children shall w'ork here. I can not serve the senor." The man's direct and simple expression of loy- alty evoked Haskell's admiration. He slowly pocketed the money. He had heard that the Mayas, though a terrible people when roused, were brave, patient and steadfast. "You are an honest man, 'Nacion. Good-night." The Indian turned to go, but at the door he hesitated, fumbled at the taw'dry sacred medallion at his throat, and said in a lowered tone. "The Senor should be very careful and go soon, or it may be the same things will come to him as to the other caballero." "What other caballero? What do you mean?" Encarnacion stepped quickly to the pallet and drew from its place of conceal- ment a little red morocco photograph-case and gave it to Haskell. Within was the small picture of a very beautiful girl across one corner of which wras written, "Semper fidelis, Gertrude Trainsby." It had come from young Peters' personal belongings! The lad was here in advance of him, thanks to the lost days at Vera Cruz! Apparently he had occupied this very room. Where was he now? What had befallen him? What did the Maya mean by "the same things" which had befallen the youngster? As these questions flashed through his mind, Haskell felt a hot anger rising within him. He whirled on the impassive Maya. "This belongs to a young man who was to wTork with me in this country. I com- mand you to tell me wiiere he is!" "I do not know." "When was he here?" "Don Felipe can tell you all--but-- senor, do not wait till he comes back!" The man was retreating toward the door as he said this, and with the last word he darted out. Haskell cursed softly under his breath, pocketed the little red case, in- spected the room with the candle to be sure that there were no means of entrance save the door and, after barring this, went to bed, the revolver tied to his right wrist by a thong. Somewhere about dawn there was a clat- ter of hoofs in the courtyard, and in his sub- consciously alert state the noise awoke Has- kell. Peering over the transom he could see several horsemen below. Three, in the