Can a Man be True? 685 wealthy and unscrupulous deceiver? These questions were still uppermost in his mind as he waited on the platform to meet his daughter. So engrossed was he with these nervous speculations that the train came well into the station before he was aware of its approach. A moment later, Loti, beauti- fully dressed in an immaculate traveling costume and fashionable hat, sprang out with all her old childish energy and flung her arms round his neck. "Father!" she cried. "Father!" The feel of her warm cheek, the sight of her young beauty, warmed him like a sud- den burst of sunshine. Yes, she was the same Loti who had vanished away so sud- denly from the quiet little home, and a great wave of startling pleasure swept through the dazed mind of the troubled man. Every one had a smile and a word of welcome for the bride, and many were the hats raised in cheerful acknowledgment of her presence as she drove through the familiar streets. As if by mutual consent, both father and daughter avoided the subject of the wed- ding, speaking only of commonplace mat- ters- Martha, beaming and excited, waited at the door of College View. How small it looked, how pitifully small, compared to Red Tower! It seemed to have shrunk to minute proportions during Loti's absence. The Professor fumbled for the fare. "I'll pay," she said, opening a gold chain- bag which hung from her wrist. Inside lay some loose silver against the letter to his father-in-law, written by King Maldio of Lambasa. CHAPTER XXXV CONFESSION THE Professor drew a chair forward, as if Loti were a stranger, and begged her to be seated. "You must be tired after your journey," he said in a formal voice. The girl's quick eyes noted the many ad- ditions supplied by thoughtful hands, in response to a written command from Red Tower that no expense should be spared in making the Professor comfortable. The shabby room appeared quite luxurious now, with its spotless new curtains, and recov- ered furniture. As Loti poured out her father's tea, she wondered when he would speak of her mar- riage. He took the cup from her with a mur- mured "Thank you," and added in the dreamy voice she knew so well: "Are you happy, little girl? Why did you shut me out? Why did you try to break my heart?" The low halting words revealed all the deep suffering inflicted by her silence. In a moment she was on her knees at his feet, holding both his hands in her warm clasp and gazing with all her soul into the tired, drawn face of the aged man. "Oh, father," she whispered, "how cruel you must have thought me! But indeed I longed to tell you all! When you hear my story you will understand the grave issues and the many difficulties. Did you really think I left you for a stranger you had never seen? Did you believe it possible I could so soon forget Maldio?" The Professor shivered. Had she taken leave of her senses? "I hope you will not talk of Maldio. Do not dwell upon an old and impossible love-affair. Naturally I feel terribly anx- ious about your future. It looks as if your bridegroom were in some way ashamed of us, that he has not returned with you here. If he is under the impression you are not as well born as himself, let him come to me --let him come to me!" The old man repeated the words with unexpected fervor. A weird, almost vin- dictive, light leaped into the usually mild eyes. "Would to God I were his equal in birth!" said Loti, and her breath came quickly. "The Magnus family can boast a long line of ancestors, but that is not enough. You have always spoken in horror of royal blood, father, as if by some uncanny instinct you knew your daughter would one day become the morgantic wife of a king." Professor Magnus started violently and his face grew ashen. "I--I can't grasp what you mean, child. The wife of a king! How could that be? The only royal person you ever knew died in Lambasa some time before your wedding with Mr. Kingsley." Loti put her arms round the agitated fig- ure, and in quick, impressive tones poured forth her wonderful story. The letter, written unmistakably by Maldio, was ea- gerly spread out before the Professor's