Thomas Grant Springer 5    which had steamed up the Yangtze in swanlike majesty. But this huge bulk was gray--gray and squat and power- ful. Once aboard, he found it crowded with an army of chattering coolies. They swarmed in the hold like maggots. Every inch of space was given over to them, an army, it seemed to Kan Wong, in which he was all but lost. An army it proved to be as the anchor lifted and the boat swung slowly down the river and out into the deep swell of the lordly Pacific.  Once clear of land, the native "boss boys "began instructions in almost military discipline. Everything was done by rote and rule. The rice and fish and tea were served at stated time, squads being told off to act as kitchen police. In squads they took their exercise on deck, now up, now down, a given space at a walk or a trot to keep them in condition, and al- ways under the eye of the uniformed Foreign Devils. Yet they were kindly treated and well fed. Attention was paid to their welfare, and they were allowed as much liberty as the crowded vessel per- mitted. Kan Wong wondered at the order and orderliness of it all. Of a truth these Foreign Devils possessed much magic, and their junk, smooth-rid- ing even in storm, was a thing that ex- cited his wonder.  The display of his admiration, his ready seamanship when occasion offered, his quiet dignity, and an indefinable something that set him above the coolie crowd with which he was surrounded brought him to the notice of the For- eign Devil who had them in charge. Discovering that Kan Wong had a smat- tering of pidgin English, he put him in charge of a squad, noting with keen satisfaction the quiet and efficient au- thority he immediately exerted over them.  Day after day across the waste of wa- ter the ship took its eastern way. Never had Kan Wong dreamed there was so much water in the world. The broad,     long river that had been his life's path seemed but a narrow trickle on the earth's face compared with this stretch of sea that never ended though the days ran into weeks. The land coolies chafed and found much sickness in the swell, but Kan Wong, used ever to a moving deck, found the way none too long, and smiled softly to himself as he counted up the dollars they were paying him for the keenest pleasure that had ever been his.  At last land appeared. The ship swung into the dock, disclosing to the questioning eyes of Kan Wong and his kind a new, strange land. In orderly discipline they were marched off the ves- sel and on to the dock. But rest was not theirs as yet, nor was this their final destination. From the fire junk they boarded the flying iron horse of the For- eign Devils; again they were on the move. Swiftly across the land they went, over high mountains crowded with eternal snow, thence down upon brown, rolling plains as wide as the flat stretches of the broad Yangtze Valley: eastward, ever eastward, through a land sparsely peopled for all its virgin fertility. Behind their flying progress the days dropped--one, two, three, four, at last five; and then they entered a more populous region. Kan Wong, his nose flattened against the glass that held the moving picture as in a frame, wondered much at the magic that unrolled to his never-sated eyes. Yet the journey's end was beyond his questioning.  Once more they came to a seaport. Marching from the carriages, once more they beheld the sea. But this time it was different--more turbulent, harsher, more sombre with the hint of waiting storms. Was there, then, more than one ocean, Kan Wong asked himself? He found that it was indeed so when once more a fire junk received them. This one was grayer than the first that they had known. Upon her decks were guns and at her side were other junks, low,