60 The Marriage of Jones    your head, I'll--I'll show you. (He turns his head, and she goes slowly up to him. She hesitates an instant, then stands on tiptoe and kisses him behind the ear. He whirls instantly, his face the picture of amazed bewilderment.)  Bob Well, what do you think of that! (He stares at her, while his amazement changes to delight.) Why--why how stupid of me not to know that that was the thing to do under the circumstances! But I didn't know that you'd like it. (He sweeps her into his arms and kisses her again.) Do you? (Violet nods shy- ly, hiding her face against his shoulder.) All right; I'll take the same. (He kisses her again, several times. Wong's face appears at door left, instantly to vanish again.)  Violet (sighing) Oh, dear. I'm so glad I'm here at last!  Bob So am I! (He leads her to chair and sits down on arm of it. holding both her hands in his.) I never was so glad of anything in my life! But you must be hungry. I'll bet you haven't had break- fast. Have you?  Violet No. I--  Bob Well, we'll have it right away. I was just waiting-- (Raising his voice and calling.) Wong! (Wong enters, right. Bob speaks without looking around.) Where's that breakfast, Wong? Isn't it ready?  Wong Mister Bob no get mad.  Bob I want you to hurry up. Serve it for two, do you hear? (Wong goes out.)  Violet Do tell me about your work. I've been so anxious to talk it over with you. Do you hold exercises every day or just once a week?  ^ Bob Every day. I have to drill the lazy     beggars every morning, or they'd forget everything I've taught 'em.  Violet Oh, how dreadful! But surely they're not all so bad. You must have some promising material, haven't you?  Bob (enthusiastically) I should say I have! I've got one di- vision that can ride and shoot and sweat like Yankees.  Violet (horrified) They swear?  Bob (cheerfully) First English they learn. I expect they get it from me.  Violet (more horrified) From you? Surely you don't use pro- fanity?  Bob (laughing) Hah! Don't I, though! It's the only way to make these Chinks obey orders. But I'll make good Christian soldiers of 'em yet--if I don't kill 'em first.  Violet (uncertainly) That is so different from the methods at home--but I suppose you have to be more stern with the heathen. You must tell me more so that I shall understand. I'm so anxious to help you with your work. I want to help you to teach this great army.  Bob (in amazement) What? You want to help me drill the army? Are you a militant suffragette?  Violet Oh, no, no! But I had a class in the Mission Sunday School, you know.  Bob (staring at her blankly, and then bursting into laughter) Well, believe me, this is no Sunday School job! (He keeps looking at her. Speaks as if struck with a sudden thought.) Do you know, you look mighty good to me?  Violet (a little primly) I try to be.  Bob What? You try to be--?  Violet Good But I feel so useless I want