Henry Payson Dowst 29   a touching story of domestic infelicity. Mrs. van Sicklen was lovely, gentle, good as an angel. Anna Polenka knew what it meant to have a husband ill-treat one, and her heart went out in sympathy to her visitor. In the subdued light of the Polenka parlor she sat and held Mrs. van Sicklen's hand and talked softly to her. But the crystal would yield noth- ing. Yet the woman was so insistent, so distressed!  Heavy-hearted, Anna went through the motions of what she had learned to call a "sitting." She couldn't bring herself to disappoint her visitor; and so, with some hesitation, but using her native shrewdness and adroitness, she patched together a demonstration that warmed Mrs. von Sicklen's chilled heart.  "I see some sort of crowd," said Anna. "This woman--she's medium to dark- complexioned--"  "Dark," said Mrs. van Sicklen.  "Hush," said Anna. "You mustn't talk. He met her some place where there were lots of people--a reception. I can see people dancing--"  "At a theatre party."  "It's the people on the stage that are dancing," said Anna hastily. "I get it now. But he--he doesn't really care for her! She's too--too shallow. She--she'd = never hold him; she isn't like you." "That is true," said Mrs. van Sicklen. "She has no depth--she's just pretty." "Don't you notice it," said Anna. "Pretend you don't care. This is--is only a passing--er--phase."  Out of the books she had picked up the patter naturally, and made it her own.  "I see a lot of paper--paper, paper, paper. Do you write?"  "A little--poems and songs--"  To herself, the girl said: "That was a long shot, landed, though."  Then, to her client: "Keep writing; it will lead to something. Perhaps it means fame--perhaps not. It will--will calm your mind. You have talent."     And so it went. At the end of half an hour, Mrs. van Sicklen arose, reas- sured, happy, confident.  "Oh, Miss Polenka," she said, "I can't tell you how much you've helped me! You will forgive my intrusion into your home, won't you. I was in such dis- tress "  Anna looked about at the shabby hang- ings, the cheap furniture, the garish wall paper. Home!  "It's nothing," she said. She felt like a burglar. "Honestly, it was just be- tween us, Mrs. van Sicklen. I know how a woman feels. It's sympathy between two people like you and me, people who have suffered."  "You mean, it's the sympathy that makes the psychic manifestation possible? Of course. But I thought you went into a trance."  "Oh, no; not always. It's the vibra- tions, you know. People that are strong- ly psychic vibrate in harmony; and that makes it unnecessary to employ the more radical methods." Anna was mentally grasping in the air for the right words --and actually getting away with it.  "It's wonderful," said Mrs. van Sick- len. "Let me pay you."  "Oh!" cried Anna, her cheeks flaming. "Oh, please, please don't! I couldn't take it, really. I never could let you--"  "I have taken your time," persisted the lady. "I shall not feel that I can come again if I am not to make it right with you."  She laid some crisp banknotes on the table and departed. Anna, quite dum- founded by this unexpected development, wondered afterward if she had been de- cently polite.  Then she looked at the money. There was as much as she earned at the factory in a fortnight. And she wasn't entitled to it, because she had fooled Mrs. van Sicklen cleverly, adroitly--  Well, Mrs. van Sicklen had fixed her own price. If the sitting hadn't been