80 A Night at Jacqueminot's    him with hollow, tragic eyes. He leaped forward.  "Aline!" he cried. "Tell me that this is all a nightmare!"  "I can't," she answered in a dead voice and with an ashen face. "It's true. I'm a jail-bird. Last night I slept in a cell with three fallen women."  "But--but why?" he pleaded.  "Because, like them, I sold myself."  "Tell me the truth, Allie!" he com- manded sharply. "Don't tear my hurt with allegory."  ‘‘I tell the truth," she answered, with the frigid calm of despair. "I sold my- self to men--to be fondled by their eyes."  For a moment he gazed into her woeful face.  "You mean that you appeared in an-- an immoral performance?"  "Yes."  "This is preposterous. You are not yourself. Sit down, take off your hat-- collect yourself--and tell me just what happened."  She listlessly unpinned her broad- brimmed, flowered hat, dropped it on the table, and sank into a chair he placed for her.  "Now tell me why you did this--if you did do it," he prompted.  "To save Randall. He stole two thou- sand dollars--took a package of cur- rency from the vault. When the theft was discovered he telegraphed me. I went to Benton. The officers of the bank wanted to prosecute him. I went down on my knees to them--literally. I told them it would tumble his paralyzed father into the grave. Finally they re- lented, on the condition that I make good the loss."  "And not a word to me!" exclaimed Valentine reproachfully.  "I intended to at first. But it is not easy to brand your brother as a thief-- or beg money from a man you have re- fused to marry. The shortage, with what Rannie had left, was only twelve hundred dollars, and the president of the     bank gave me six months in which to pay it. So I resolved to swing it my- self."  She gazed out of the window with mournful, leaden eyes.  "I had written a song called ‘The Queen of the Pawpaw Islands'--inno- cent enough in itself. I offered it to several vaudeville singers. I could have gotten two hundred dollars for it; but that wouldn't have gone far, and one night, when I was at a theatre, it oc- curred to me to make a cabaret act of it and produce it myself. I wrote an orchestra score, designed costumes, sketched the scenery, and went to Jacque- minot's.  "The managers, after hearing my voice, agreed to give the thing a stage trial with the orchestra. When I was through, Hogg--that unspeakable Hogg! --laid his hot, swollen hand on my shoul- der and said: 'Fine, girlie, fine! But you'll have to take off some clothes.'  "I'd blush to repeat his words, but all my blushes are gone. I refused. But when he added: ‘Take 'em off, girlie, and we'll make it a hundred a week,' it seemed as if I could see the threatening maw of the penitentiary close, leaving Rannie a free man. I consented.  "I went down to that place night after night, as my spirit, in some loathsome dream, might go down to the pit of hell. There were twelve or fifteen girls in the troupe, and not a decent one in the lot. They smoked, they drank, they swore. They came and went in costly motor cars. They wore jewels. Their most coveted honor was to be introduced to a new man by one of the proprietors.  "I had to run the gauntlet myself. Notes and flowers poured in, from gray- beards as well as youths. But I fought them off, and the only gleam of sunshine that ever struck through the murk was the hundred dollars I received every Sunday night, which I always mailed the next morning to Benton. Six hundred dol- lars I sent. Then the crash came."