The Eighth Devil  By Roger Hartman    I  WHEN the Eighth Devil broke into Laurence Raeburn's soul, he entered without an invita- tion, and the premises were very far in- deed from being swept and garnished to receive him. There was no room for any devil at all in Raeburn, and least of all for the Eighth, who is worse than the other seven put together, because, when he dies, he never dies alone, but always kills something else.  Raeburn knew a great deal about the Eighth Devil and detested him more than he hated all the rest. He despised Jeal- ousy, in concrete and abstract, more bit- terly than cowardice or cruelty or mean- ness or little, whispering lies. It stood at the top of the list of traits which Rae- burn thanked his gods he did not possess. He had seen it at close quarters and seen it often, and he hated it on thoroughly practical grounds.  His father had been wholly charming, except for the Eighth Devil that dwelt deep in him, waiting each chance to wipe out all the man's noble qualities and turn him, in a breath, from a pleasant, kindly gentleman into a raging, hateful cad. Raeburn had grown up in enforced con- templation of the degenerative power of jealousy on human fibre, and he had learned to loathe it as the son of a drunk- ard comes to hate alcohol. As his own character took shape before him, as he came consciously to choose between good and evil as his formative processes unfolded, he put down jealousy as the cardinal sin, the most despicable vice.     Raeburn's mother had something to do with that, of course. Not that she dis- cussed his father with him, dissected the older man's soul for the edification of his son. Amy Raeburn couldn't have stooped to that disloyalty, even for her boy's sake. She was the rare type of woman in whom pride and loyalty combine to produce the sort of passionate self-respect that re- fuses to take cognizance of weakness in the object of its love. Amy Raeburn would have died on the rack before she would have criticized anything Kent Rae- burn did or left undone--even to her son --most of all, indeed, to the son who was Raeburn's as much as hers. She taught the boy, by force of proud example, in- deed, that whatever his father did was right in her sight, taught him that kind of pride which turns its back on the de- fect of a loved one and its face steadily outward toward a hostile world. Be- tween mother and son there had never been a whisper of comment on the father that did not tend to strengthen the boy's admiration for the man.  Yet, in those silences, those tacit avoid- ances, Larry Raeburn learned to envision jealousy for what it was, to detest it all the more because it marred and stained an idol, to set his teeth grimly on the de- termination that, whatever depth of ig- nominy might open before him, his feet should never descend into that particular pit. He never forgot the look he had sometimes surprised in his mother's eyes after one of those stormy interviews, the rumble of which tarried through closed doors to his outraged ears--his father's voice, raised and roughened and intoxi-   89