A Sign of Death  By Margaret E. Sangster    SOMEWHERE across a bleak pile of boxes and crates a dog howled and was answered by the whine of an- other dog. And then everything was still again.  The Contortionist spoke.  "It's Taylor's Trained Terriers," he said, trying to keep the utterly foolish- little quaver out of his voice. "It's Tay- lor's Trained Terriers."  The Snake Charmer moved nearer to him and laid her strong, muscular hand on his arm. The hand was trembling.  "My mother used to say that when a dog howled it was a sign of death," she told him. "Well, God knows I ain't afraid of death. . . . An' there's been times, when a new snake wanted t' cut up, that it's been pretty close." In the dim light of the flickering lantern she regarded the hand that trembled; re- garded it with a detached sort of inter- est. "God knows I ain't afraid of death," she finished shakily. "But to have it come sudden, this way, in th' night--" The first dog howled again, and more insistently. The Snake Charmer's fingers dug into the Contor- tionist's arm.  "Why don't Taylor shut that beast up?" she questioned half plaintively. "It's fierce just now ter have t' listen to it!"  The Contortionist looked down at the leg that stretched, so curiously distorted, in front of him. It had hurt most hor- ribly when he had tried to move it, and so he had stopped trying. Moving it had never hurt before; moving his legs and his strangely supple body was the     Contortionist's profession. He won- dered, as a queer numbness crept up over him, why he had never before thought of putting that curiously distorted pose into his act. It was so grotesque, so unbelievable!  "Didn't you know?" he answered al- most casually. "Taylor was smashed up trying to get old Jerry out in time. Old Jerry was the first dog he ever had." He stopped, for the numbness was creep- ing up--and up.  A little ballet dancer came walking by almost stealthily. She carried a pair of pink silk tights under her arm. and two pink satin, heelless slippers dangled, by their ribbons, from one hand. She laughed foolishly, shrilly, as she saw the Contortionist and the Snake Charmer sitting together in the light of the flicker- ing lantern.  "Funny time fer a wreck, what?" she babbled. "Never been in a wreck be- fore! Ever'thing went smash! But I grabbed my tights an' my slippers. This is my first job, I told myself, an' I had ter buy them tights an' them slippers my- self. They say everybody goes after what they love best--an' I saved my tights an' slippers." Quite suddenly she pointed a slim hand at the Contortionist. "What yer sittin' so funny for?" she questioned. "This ain't show time!"  The Contortionist looked up at her with wan eyes. His lips were rather blue.  "I reckon." he said slowly, "that it's broke--my leg!"  "Ain't that funny?" half-screamed the little ballet dancer. "Ain't that funny?   83