Ethel Watts Mumford 17   Mary when she run off. But I remem- bered, and I kept telling myself that Mary was all right. She'd found her groove, and why shouldn't I? You see, Mr. Thomas, you don't know what it is to be brought up a woman. Everything's your duty if you're a woman; an' lots of duties that wouldn't grind so hard if they was shared, get laid onto some one woman in the family, an' after a while you only got courage enough to keep those crosses goin'. An' then, you can't believe how hard it is to step out with- out a burden, an' look for what right- fully you've hankered after. I'm sure it ain't wrong to do your duty and be happy, too, if you can find it to do."  Miss Peck stopped short. Her sud- den burst of confidence to a stranger ap- palled her, but his sympathetic, attentive silence drew her on.  "I don't think Mr. Thomas quite un- derstands women." Mary's voice was again brittle and thin. "He--he's per- haps a little cynical. He doesn't know how hard it is--to--to be a woman. I think he's always thought that because I ran away from--yon wouldn't call it ‘home,' Miss Elizabeth, would you?-- that--that-- Oh, well, let's be going." She turned away helplessly.   But Miss Peck was too startled at the last suggestion.  "Why, she just couldn't stay in May- field. Why Mr. Thomas, Mary Allen always was a heart of gold. It was just that she was pretty an' so full of life that there was them who should have been her friends that weren't. Why, for meanness, Hilda Safford hasn't got her like, an' Hilda Safford was Mary's guard- een. Oh, Mr. Thomas, you mustn't think because she tuck to play actin' that there was any bad in her. Why, I know how hard she worked an' starved." She stopped again and looked, puzzled, at the man before her. "Why," she murmured, "I thought it was just us poor, ignorant countries who held by them ideas. I didn't think there was city folks so plum'     foolish--but--well--I guess now as we two run-aways can take care of each other--that is, if you're sure I won't be in the way?"  Mary put a shaking arm about her friend's shoulders.  "You're just a--a dear!" she whis- pered.  Mr. Thomas smiled whimsically.  "Well, people, let's get out. Don't forget, Margot, you've got to stop at the theatre and see Marslo. They're changing the curtain in the second act, and the new costumes for the third act interpolated song came last night.  She nodded absently as she preceded them into the hall. Miss Peck glowed. This was more exciting than pink silk underwear. The theatre, in the morn- ing, when only theatre people were al- lowed! It amazed her that Mary Allen seemed rather bored.  As they walked down the dingy alley to the stage door, Miss Peck experienced all the thrills of a conspirator. Fire es- capes, freckled scenery, men in overalls rushing stiff banks of artificial flowers, the chill of housed, stale air--here was adventure at last!  In the darkling depths of the stage a piano sounded, a loud voice cried an im- perative "Now, all together," and a burst of girlish voices rose in a swinging rag- time tune.  "That's a hummer, that new number." The playwright nodded his satisfaction. "And I had to fire Cottlin, almost, to make him rehearse it. Run along, Mar- got, and get it over with. Don't take all day."  In a blind daze of happiness Miss Peck followed in the wake of the star, but hung back shyly as, with businesslike directness. Miss Fontaine buttonholed a stout and protesting gentleman. Miss Peck glanced over her shoulder and gave a little gasp of delight. Was this Heaven?  A long, windowless room was illumi- nated by a brilliance of electric bulbs,  2-L.S.