68 The Dark Pool    Everything seemed unreal and far, far away.  A log crackled in the grate. She start- ed back wildly.  "Wh-what are we doing?"  "It was only the fire. dearest."  He extended his arms to her again, was about to encircle with them the ivory softness of her shoulders. With hands uplifted, she pushed him from her, at first gently, then feverishly, fiercely.  "No, no! Don't!" Her pulses were heating a tattoo at wrists and temples. Her eyes were large and bright and hard. He saw, and shrank awav.  "Forgive me," he faltered hoarsely. "Heaven knows I tried. Heaven knows how I've fought, Marcia."  "There is nothing to forgive," she said slowly. "I came here: I let you do this; I--practically invited it. Oh, yes. I did! I ought to have known better. Hendry Fresner! I did it myself, but I don't know why. I don't know why!" She was crying- bitterly, like a schoolgirl. "No." she resumed after a brief pause, during which she had gained control of herself once more, "it isn't a matter of forgiving, but--how I hate you!"  He said nothing. His head drooped. She moved deliberately across the room, reached the door. He was still standing with downcast face. A wave of innate honesty, a candor not to be denied, swept over her.  "I do not--hate--you," she murmured softly, and fled into the deepening twi- light.  The young man stood transfixed where she had left him, looking down dolly at the shattered teacup.  For a time Marcia went on blindly, heedless of direction. Stinging emotions battled in her, confused, painful. Gradu- ally, however, with the walking and the sharp air, confusion ebbed, and her thought began to come more coherently, like a portentous pageant. . . .  She was bad. She was vile. She had married Mooning when she was nine-     teen, without really loving him. That was bad. She didn't know now exactly why she had married him. He was good, tender. He loved her; their life had seemed happy. All the time--all her brief young life, indeed--she had been good and strong and honest; and now, to-night, in one flirting, maddened, ir- revocable moment, she had let Fresner hold her to him. and had let his lips meet hers, had let the kiss sink into her soul, polluting it. She had allowed it. and for a flashing second she had not cared. She had been conscious only of a dim and dizzy unreality. She had not meant that this should happen. It was simply the degrading pulse of young life--but it had happened. Another instant, and she would have snatched herself back, never to let anything like that happen again. But it was too late. She had sunk, in that one minute, to the depths. In her very, very young heart she felt the weight of sin, heavy, and saw herself soiled for always.  Now she knew, with a vast hopeless- ness. that it was herself whom she hated. Could she ever look at her husband again? Possibly; she didn't know. But she did know that never, never again could she stand the scorching reproach that her own mirror would send back to her.  She had reached the edge of the bluff She stared down at the deep purple waters of the river, swirling below the dam; at the deep, tranquil pool beyond the swirl. It was so quiet. . . . There was a path nearby, and, with swift reso- lution, she followed it, half stumbling, hungrily, to the water's edge.  The sun had set. Darkness was al- ready in the valley, the plush curtain of early night. A breeze, sweeping a film of mist before it, ran cold along the bank. She shivered. The fir trees moaned, chill also. The pool below her, so very near, seemed warm and still by contrast. She looked steadily, fascinatedly, into the placid expanse of the river, and at the