Elizabeth Burgess Hughes 53    "We've done about all we can." he said gravely. "I'll leave you here. If you want me you can call this number. The nurse will be in the house, and I won't be far away. I'll be back in the morning."  Magnan nodded. He was scarcely conscious of the doctor's presence, but he gathered that they were leaving him alone with Rosemary. He was to watch the night with her.  Presently he heard the door close, and he stumbled to his feet and got into the chair the doctor had vacated. Rosemary lay like one dead. Except for her rapid breathing and pounding pulse, one might have believed her dead. He sat and looked at her, and went over many things in his mind. How beautiful she was, dying there in her rosy, canopied bed! How like her the room was, in its expensive, fastidious beauty! The sheen of silver on her dressing-table seemed to blend, an insistent note, with the fragile loveliness of it all--gleaming, striking, yet in harmony with the rest.  He recalled the little two-roomed flat where they had begun housekeeping. It was cheap and tawdry and uncomfort- able, but to him it had seemed a Paradise. Rosemary was only seventeen then. She was the eldest of eleven children. They were very poor, and she had never known anything but crowded poverty. But she had hated it with that blind revolt that often exists with almost no standards of comparison. He knew now that she had married him only as a first step away from the teeming disorder of her home.  Soon the little flat bored her; she want- ed to get away from it. Magnan was young, willing, and hard-working, but he wasn't what is known as a "manager." He couldn't make money.  But there were a great many other men who could. And Rosemary was the sort of woman who, properly dressed, could set a whole restaurant or theatre to gap- ing and questioning. It was a long time, though, before she was properly dressed. She had a passion for clothes, but a     grocer's clerk, at eighteen dollars a week, always fearful of losing his "job," could scarcely gratify this passion. He plunged himself head over ears into debt one win- ter to buy her a French hat she craved. That was the winter she met Carpenter.  There is a striking similarity in the autobiographies of the Rosemarys of this world. Carpenter was twenty-two, a rich man's son, with nothing to occupy him but having a good time. He made a vo- cation of that. Magnan never knew how they happened to meet. But was Rose- mary really so much to blame for finding Carpenter's magnificent limousine and a warm, scented, music-stirred cafe, with its excitement and rich food, more to her taste on a cold night than the bare little flat, heated only by a cooperative furnace which was simply a joke? She was like an orchid dropped by mistake in a slum alley--Magnan realized that. But what could he do?  He did a great deal, as it happened, when gossip first brought the affair to his notice. He was sick and disheartened and in a brutish mood. He did all the things he should not have done--if he wished to hold Rosemary. He stormed, swore, threatened, insinuated unspeakable things, ordered her never to see Carpen- ter again. His was the violence of the meek: once aroused, it is to be feared. But Rosemary, her red lips sneering, sat in silence till he had finished. Then she shrugged and turned her back upon him.  After that she was clever enough to conceal her movements till a friend--one of the kind who "feels it his duty"--told Magnan that she was meeting Carpenter regularly at a certain rather dubious tea- house. Crazed with jealousy, Magnan went to the place, found them together-- and shot Carpenter dead.  The jury acquitted him, for the un- written law backed him with irrefutable evidence. But it had mattered little to him which way the verdict went, now that Rosemary was no longer his. Owing to Carpenter's prominence, the scandal