Mary Barratt 67    them touch the andirons. It was homy and comfortable. The fresh glow from walking in the crisp outside air showed in her cheeks. Her eyes were bright. She was like a healthy girl, en- joying the creature comforts of the neat cabin. Fresner dropped onto a furred skin at her feet. She chattered, and he listened. And, while she talked gayly on, all the time she was thinking to her- self:  "What a little fool I am! He is just a youngster himself, hardly older than I, and it is perfectly natural that I should be glad to drop in and cheer him up. Isn't he young and--yes, hand- some! I might be a twin sister. It's just youngness that makes us happy to- gether. I have been getting too old. I have been entertaining ridiculous fancies. There was never anything simpler and more harmless and innocent in the world."  After awhile a silence settled on them. Then, breaking it, she exclaimed:  "But how stupid of me! The water color!"  "Yes, to be sure--the water color."  The light was now poor, for which he apologized. She went up to the picture, and he put a finger on her arm to guide her to a better view. She could sense the touch and his nearness, rather than feel it tangibly. She withdrew for a more distant scrutiny.  "It is beautiful," she murmured sincerely. "It is the Arrow Bend, just as we saw it that evening of the picnic, when the sun was setting and the moon rising at the same time."  "Yes," he replied a little awkwardly "It was that which I tried to reproduce. I hoped--I am glad you recognize it."  He swung about and began the prepara- tions for tea. She moved curiously about the room, looking at him now and then. How stalwart, how lithe, how free, he was!  She thought she heard something out- side--a branch slapping the window,     doubtless--but a momentary alarm went over her. Why? She was annoyed at her pointless nervousness, and glad of his summons to the small table he had pulled up, with the cups white upon it.  She had again settled luxuriously into the easy chair. He filled a cup and held it out to her. She lifted her hand to take the cup, and for a second their fin- gers touched. His appeared to tremble slightly. Then suddenly the cup tot- tered. He made a fruitless effort to bal- ance it, and she jumped to her feet, laughing as the frail china was shivered on the hearth.  In rising, involuntarily she had thrust out her arms. Fresner had reached out to steady her. They met in an uncalcu- lated embrace, fleeting, flitting. Simul- taneously both stepped back, flushing scarlet. But the area before the fireplace was restricted, and they were still close to each other. Fresner's lips were a straight, tense line. His eyes held hers. Then--he had impulsively caught her hand in his. was leaning toward her, gaz- ing into her eyes, breathing hard. Her own breath was inexplicably rapid. A little clock on the mantel chimed.  "Marcia." he cried hoarsely, his hands a vise about hers, "it's no use. I've tried hard. I've fought against this moment, but all the time I think I knew it had to come. Oh, I knew it, Marcia dearest, because--because I love you!"  She felt lax, terrified, immovable, a new panic beating at her temples.  "Hendry, you mustn't--say that," she heard herself pleading vaguely.  "If I have--hurt you--" He struggled with the words.  "You haven't hurt me," she whispered. "But we don't know what--"  Slowly, strongly, irresistibly, he was drawing her to him. She felt his breath warm upon her face, his cheek for a dizzy moment against her cheek, and then, very slowly, tenderly, his lips upon her lips, lingeringly, meltingly . . . while the room whirled before her closed eyes.