Henry Payson Dowst 39    Things would come out right, because they always had done so.  But now, in a flash, she comprehended the dangers by which she was beset. At the very best, she was a charlatan. Only a portion of her "revelations" were truly psychic. More often than not she de- pended on her ability to draw lightning conclusions, to read the thoughts of her clients through a chance word, the dila- tion of an eye, the shadow of a corrugated brow. Her intuitions were amazing.  She wondered, with shame, if she had not unduly emphasized her personality in her dealings with men. Would they have been as liberal if she had been ugly? Had she fooled them more than she in- tended, and had this been possible be- cause her beauty cast a spell over them?  Something in the palm of her clenched hand forced itself to the surface of her consciousness--a crumpled bit of paper; Brownell's, check. It was enough for her to live on for two or three years. With her bills paid and the rest banked, she could be secure, comfortable, com- placent. Then, there was Stanley Sup- pose he should want a little capital for some business venture? It was for Stanley she had struggled all these years; for him she had made herself a mounte- bank and a polite humbug, sacrificing her self-respect. Fifty thousand dollars!  With trembling but determined fingers, she tore the check into tiny flakes. Then she went and scrubbed her hands with hot water and soap.  "I don't know," she thought, "how I'm [to] pay the grocer; but it won't be with [A]bner Brownell's money!"  VI  "If you're not able to make up your [m]ind," said Abner Brownell, "why don't [yo]u take a little advice?"  "I don't get you." rejoined Strickland. "What sort of advice? I've employed     the best lawyers, interviewed the most expensive men I could find."  Brownell laughed.  "I don't wonder you fail to grasp my meaning," he said. The big speculator and Strickland, the Western railroad man, had come to be rather good friends. First meeting at the club later in offices in and about Wall Street, they found they had many acquaintances in common shared many interests Brownell ad- mired the vigorous, two-fisted type rep- resented by Strickland, and tht latter ap- preciated Brownell's nerve, his sports- manship, and the keen intuitions that had made him a successful operator in big fields.  "You'll think I'm crazy," went on the speculator, "but I want you to take what I say rather seriously You won't be sorry You've reached a place where you don't know just whom to trust You can get backing from either of two crowds of bankers for your new exten- sions. Question is, which crowd will give you the best deal, and is one or the other of them likely to slip something over on you? Isn't that the way you feel?"  "Exactly, Brownell. I've exhausted all the usual channels for obtaining informa- tion I can't pin a thing on either group; yet I'm not absolutely convinctd that I oughtn't to go back West and raise my capital locally. If these Wall Street buccaneers once get their hooks into a property, it's next to impossible to shake them loose."  "Yet you know the money is here, and if you can make the right deal, you'll get your capital quicker and cheapet in New York than anywhere else in the country."  "True. But I'm not sure I can make the right deal."  "Then you should see Mrs. Gage."  "Who the devil is Mrs. Gage, and why should I see her? Has she got forty or fifty million--"  "Nonsense She's poor. She's a