Eimore Elliott Peake 73    shoulder. Then she wrote a letter, and in it enclosed two ten-dollar bills.  She snapped off the light and crept quietly into bed. But Shirley proved to be still awake.  "Don't you say your prayers any more, Al?" she asked, in softest accusation. Aline was silent a guilty instant.  "I seem to have been praying all day. Peggy."  "You mean for Father?"  "For him--and Randall, you, and Mother---all of us, including Valentine Kemp."  "Oh. I've been thinking, ever since I got his telegram last night, how good he has always been to our family."  Presently Shirley's hand stole over to her sister's neck.  "That isn't all, either, Allie." said she momentously. "Val loves you! He as good as told me so one Friday after- noon when he was bringing me home from Sheldon in his car."  "You mustn't believe everything a man tells you, little one," admonished Aline. "Val's an old bachelor who would shy at matrimony like a wild horse of the plains at a bridle."  "Old!" sniffed Shirley. "He must be all of thirty-five."  III  The subject of this pillow talk drorped in the next morning, and an- nounced that he was driving over Tylers- ville way to attend a sale of Holstein cattle.  "Come along." he entreated Aline. "The country is decked out with apple- blossoms like a bride."  Shirley shot her sister a knowing glance.  Their route lay along the river road, where the migrating prothonotary war- blers shot between the willows like shut- tles of gold. A shower that had fallen in the night still gemmed the earth's succu-     lent robes of green. As the car spun effortlessly along, a blessed relaxation such as she had not experienced for months, stole over Aline. It was as if the vigor of the car were being trans- fused to her veins.  Or maybe, she reflected, it was the vigor of the man driving the car. Pov- erty had never prodded him as it had her. The comfortable world in which he lived was his by inheritance. Yet he was no drone. Mastery was in his blood; and she smiled, betwixt admiration and some- thing deeper, to see him perch on a fence, after reaching the Tenney stock-farm, light a cigar, and buy a thousand dollars' worth of cattle before timider men had selected a single animal. The act exem- plified his pet axiom that to know what you want is the first long step toward getting it.  On the way back they stopped at Hay- meadow Creek to gather marsh mari- golds.  "Sweet old place!" murmured Aline, as they sat down in the shade to rest a moment. "The Sunday-School has a picnic here years ago. The boys rigged a swing on a tree and swung Pearl Rivers so high that she fell out and dislocated her shoulder. It took an hour and a half to get a doctor from town. With your smoke-wagon you could do it in-- how many minutes?"  "Twenty-five," answered Valentine. "I recall the incident, though I wasn't present. If I am not mistaken, it was your brother Randall, then a kid of ten or so, who gave Pearl her unfortunate rise in the world. By the way. has he struck his gait yet?"  "I don't know, Val," she answered softly. "He has a position that pays him sixty a month. He has been on my mind ever since he was expelled from college. I have always fancied that something to do with Father's stroke."  "I had a letter from him the other day," continued Kemp. "He wanted to