White Treasure  By Cyrus Townsend Brady  A THREE-PART STORY--PART I    I  IT was warm and still under the trees. The rude, ill-defined trail wound steadily upward through virgin for- est. The girl quickened the pace of her horse. She was tired of the monotony of the pine woods, and was anxious to get to the open crest of the foothills of the coast range. Presently she reached her high goal, and with a sigh of relief, drew rein, dismounted, and walked for- ward to the brink of the hill. She stopped on the highest point and sur- veyed the enchanting prospect as she had often done. Silently she reveled in its color; she noted again with keen pleas- ure the green of the mighty forest, the silver of the shallow river, the gold of the bordering sand, and, far beyond all, the deep blue of the tossing sea. The scene lacked nothing but life, and as she stared, life came.  The primeval loneliness was disturbed by human figures. Though they were far beneath her, she could see them quite easily with the naked eye. She made out six men coming from the forest and moving down the clearing on the brink of the precipice overlooking the river. One obviously was a white man; she could not place the others. Their brown heads were covered with brilliant hued caps; they wore short, gaudy jack- ets and shorter trousers; their brown feet and legs were bare, and around each     man's middle a broad and glistening sash of many colors was twisted. She had never seen a Malay, she knew nothing of the sarong which was his distinctive girdle; but that the men were foreign and semi-savage she could not doubt.  She fixed her gaze upon them. She had never before seen a soul there. As far as she knew, that lonely shore, that shallow river, were unsettled and un- visited. Her curiosity was aroused by their unexpected presence and she sur- veyed them with a vivid and curious interest. She was conscious of a vague feeling of resentment, as if these stran- gers had suddenly profaned a shrine of her own, though she could lay claim to no proprietorship in that strip of no man's land along the shore.  Suddenly her interest quickened into an intensity of horror. Battle and mur- der and sudden death invaded the peace- ful solitude with appalling abruptness. She stood stunned for a second, and then, leaning forward, screamed half in terror, half in warning. Her voice was lost in the intervening distance. Her breath coming short, her heart beating furiously as the battle was waged below her, she could only stand and stare, an uncon- scious spectator, judge, and, as it hap- pened in the end, guerdon of the con- flict,'  For one instant, the white man's long continued watchfulness was abated. Of that solitary moment of faltering vigi-   117