2 Studies in Saffron    one of the many gigantic monuments of destruction that the Dragon's wrath left behind.  Viewing its slowly dimming towers as they sank into the fading gold of the mist that the coming night thickened and darkened as it wiped out the light with a damp hand, Kan Wong dreamed over the stories that his father's father--now revered dust somewhere off toward the hills that dimly met the melting skyline-- had told him of that ruined city, wherein he, Kan Wong, had not Fate made men mad, would now be ruling a lordly household, even wearing the peacock leather and embroidered jacket that were his by right of the Dragon's blood, that blood now hidden under the sun-browned skin of a river coolie. Kan Wong stuffed fine-cut into his brass-bowled pipe and struck a spark from his tinder box. Through his wide nostrils twin streamers of smoke writhed out, twisting fantas- tically together and mixing slowly with the rising river mist. His pipe became a wand of dreams summoning the genii of glorious memory. The blood of the Dragon in his veins quickened from the lethargy to which drudgery had cooled it, and raced hotly as he thought of the battle past of his forefathers.  The War of the Rebellion of New China had been fought far away to the north and east. Only its backwash of reform had welled up the Yangtze, slow- ly and almost imperceptibly. Its tide crept so insidiously into Old China, the China to which Kan Wong belonged, and so little changed his condition, that he would never have known of it save for the edict that had removed his cue, thus taking him from under the Manchu yoke without affecting the grooves of labor upon his shoulders, on which the new yoke settled with the same weight of burden. New China meant nothing to him. The nobility of his forebears had been inherited from the Manchu, and it was lost when they cast their lot with the Taipings. Kan Wong still looked     back into the shadow of the Dragon, a shadow now removed, but in which gleamed the glory of a past that should have given color to his future. War, that great leveler of the highborn to the soil, and the raiser of the lowborn into exalted places, had cast his fortune into the descending scale of Fate when it had spilt his father onto the Yangtze plain, stripped of honor and weapons, a wreck of revolution whose offspring, like the chip of a blasted oak, had fallen upon the oily bosom of the river. The only heritage that the past had bequeathed to Kan Wong was the tales of glory before the Taipings rose: the fifteen years' strife, loot mounting to wealth. Then the scales tipped as the plow of war turned under the spoil of the vanquished, and he rose from the strife-torn soil, a weed growth where a family tree had fallen in its flower.  He grunted and tapped his now dead pipe on the gunwale. The ashes, like those of his dreams, fell upon the dark- ening waters of the slow flowing river. He turned back under the arched mat- ting to blow the charcoal brazier for the evening rice, for there was no woman with sprawling brood to make an effigy of home for him. He was of the Drag- on's blood and would rule a lordly house, as was his right, or none at all; and so he remained a celibate, looking with con- tempt upon the coolies who spawned upon the river like so many weak-fleshed fish. What need had he of sons to wor- ship and perpetuate his memory if it were not worthy? Better let the line die out with him, who burned punk and prayer papers to ancestors whose past was glorious, than raise a coolie breed of water beetles to skim the oily bosom of the Yangtze, picking up a miserable ex- istence from the scum of its refuse.  The mist turned a faint yellow with the rising of the round, copper disk of the full moon. Kan Wong sat again in the bow and dreamed in the golden light. Off somewhere along the river's winding