112 The Handwriting Detective    wise young working girl who has a heart of gold, but does not forget that Harold's check-book will be more useful as a life- long companion than honest John's good- ness. And right there is where the stage director would be all wrong. Because the telephone girl at the busy wire of Live Stories would cheerfully chuck Harold's check-book into the extraordi- nary place known as the middle of next week, for one smile from honest John. I'll tell you how I know it.  Look at those sudden spurts of the pen. Look how the last stroke in that "I" in "love" thickens--thickens! Why, that girl is just a bundle of emotions, impetuous, ardent, counting a kiss as worth more than a lobster supper. It's a sure sign, that thickening of the hori- zontal strokes. So I smiled a little as I heard her telling Carrie how very in- differently she had answered "him" when he said something that--and then I went in to see the lady editor.  The editorial room of this magazine was arranged by a person of exceeding wisdom. What you see is a slender figure in wonderful blue, and a blond head, and a classic profile, and blue cur- tains of the same blue as the dress, and a jar of pink roses. Feminine--my! I'm a breezy sort of a person, myself, and the effect of that room and that per- sonality was to make me suddenly con- scious of my hands and feet. She looked frail and ideal and dreamy and I thought how hard it must be for her to do any- thing except sit among cushions (of the right color) and dream of some golden knight. She was finishing a letter as I went in, and you know I said I couldn't make my eyes behave under those cir- cumstances. Well, I looked. And I got a shock. This is a piece from that letter.  Moulya question of taste    Please note those compact letters, that well regulated "t" bar, that cautious capi- tal "M." Observe that the tops of the letters are angular and that the bottoms are round. The "t" bar showed me temper and temperament severely kept under control. The "M" showed me somebody who wanted to be selfish, but despised herself for it; the compact let- ters showed me a shrewd, level head; but that angularity at top and round- ness at bottom screamed aloud of a cap- tious, exacting, contradictory, intensely subtle and devious mind--the kind of a mind capable of standing off and calmly watching the worst agonies of the heart which beats below it. Not at all the dream lady--very much not!  I told her some of that. She looked at me with her impenetrable blue eyes, and I knew that that brain was estimat- ing me and my talk about handwriting. She was new, too, since my time.  And then the business manager came in. I knew him years ago and thought that I thoroughly understood him--hon- est, kindly, shrewd, far seeing--but it happened that I had never seen his hand- writing. He sat down at his desk and wrote for me the first two words that came into his mind.  "I suppose I'm giving myself away sadly," he remarked with a smile.  "You said something," I slangily agreed. Look at those two words:  Forum Topics Do you see it, as I did? Here is the companion soul to the ardent, unselfish, and warm-hearted telephone girl! Oh, with differences, of course. Time and experience and mental training have done a great deal to differentiate the young girl and the mature man, but here, also, is one to whom a check-book is less important than a smile. And he's the business manager, and famous for the way he holds down his job.