  THE BLACK DRAMA 67    10. That Evening   JUDGE PURSUIVANT and I remained sitting on the roadside bank until Davidson had completely vanished around a tree-clustered bend of the way. Then my companion lifted a heavy walk- ing-boot and tapped the dottle from his pipe against the thick sole.  "How did that cheerful little story im- press you?" he inquired.  I shook my head dubiously. My mus- tache prickled on my upper lip, like the mane of a nervous dog. "If it was true," I said slowly, "how did Davidson dare tell it?"  "Probably because he was ordered to."  I must have stared foolishly. "You think that--"  Pursuivant nodded. "My knowledge of underworld argot is rather limited, but I believe that the correct phrase is 'lay off'. We're being told to do that, and in a highly interesting manner. As to whether or not the story is true, I'm greatly inclined to believe that it is."  I drew another cigarette from my pack- age, and my hand trembled despite itself. "Then the man is dangerous--Varduk, I mean. What is he trying to do to Sigrid?"  "That is what perplexes me. Once, ac- cording to your little friend Jake Switz, he defended her from some mysterious but dangerous beings. His behavior argues that he isn't the only power to consider."  The judge held a match for my cig- arette. His hand was steady, and its stead- iness comforted me.  "Now then," I said, "to prevent-- whatever is being done."  "That's what we'd better talk about." Pursuivant took his stick and rose to his feet. "Let's get on with our walk, and make sure this time that nobody over- hears us."     We began to saunter, while he con- tinued, slowly and soberly:  "You feel that it is Miss Holgar who is threatened. That's no more than guess- work on your part, supplemented by the natural anxiety of a devoted admirer--if you'll pardon my mentioning that--but you are probably right. Varduk seems to have exerted all his ingenuity and charm to induce her to take a part in this play, and at this place. The rest of you he had gathered more carelessly. It is reasonably safe to say that whatever happens will happen to Miss Holgar."  "But what will happen?" I urged, feeling very depressed.  "That we do not know as yet," I began to speak again, but he lifted a hand. "Please let me finish. Perhaps you think that we should do what we can to call off the play, get Miss Holgar out of here. But I reply, having given the mattter deep thought, that such a thing is not desirable."  "Not desirable?" I echoed, my voice rising in startled surprize. "You mean, she must stay here? In heaven's name, why?"  "Because evil is bound to occur. To spirit her away will be only a retreat. The situation must be allowed to develop --then we can achieve victory. Why, Connatt," he went on warmly, "can you not see that the whole atmosphere is charged with active and supernormal perils? Don't you know that such a chance, for meeting and defeating the power of wickedness, seldom arises? What can you think of when you want to run away?"  "I'm not thinking of myself, sir," I told him. "It's Sigrid. Miss Holgar."   "Handsomely put. All right, then; when you go back to the lodge, tell her what we've said and suggest that she leave."  I shook my head, more hopelessly than    