  RETURN TO THE SABBATH 97    ows in the bony ridges beneath the closed eyes. Even now, the skeletal arms were up, and bony fingers brushed at those dead pits as the rotted lids fluttered apart. The eyes opened.   They were wide, staring, flaming-- and in them was the grave. They were eyes that had closed in death and opened in the coffin under earth. They were eyes that had seen the body rot and the soul depart to mingle in worm-ravened dark- ness below. They were eyes that held an alien life, a life so dreadful as to animate the cadaver's body and force it to claw its way back to outer earth. They were hungry eyes--triumphant, now, as they gazed in graveyard moonlight on a world they had never known before. They hun- gered for the world as only Death can hunger for Life. And they blazed out of the corpse-pallid face in icy joy.  Then the cadaver began to walk. It lurched between the graves, lumbered be- fore ancient tombs. It shambled through die forest night until it reached a road. Then it turned up that road slowly . . . slowly.  And the hunger in those eyes flamed again as the lights of a city flared below. Death was preparing to mingle with men.  2  I sat through all this entranced. Only a few minutes had elapsed, but I felt as though uncounted ages had passed un- heeded. The film went on. Les and I didn't exchange a word, but we watched.  The plot was rather routine after that. The dead man was a scientist whose wife had been stolen from him by a young doc- tor. The doctor had tended him in his last illness and unwittingly administered a powerful narcotic with cataleptic effects.  The dialog was foreign and I could not place it. All of the actors were un- familiar to me, and the setting and pho-      tography was quite unusual; unorthodox treatment as in The Cabinet of Dr. Cali- gari and other psychological films.  There was one scene where the living- dead man became enthroned as arch-priest at a Black Mass ceremonial, and there was a little child. . . . His eyes as he plunged the knife . . .  He kept--decaying throughout the film . . . the Black Mass worshippers knew him as an emissary of Satan, and they kidnapped the wife as sacrifice for his own resurrection . . . the scene with the hysterical woman when she saw and recognized her husband for the first time, and the deep, evil whispering voice in which he revealed his secret to her . . . the final pursuit of the devil-worshippers to the great altar-stone in the mountains . . . the death of the resurrected one.  Almost a skeleton in fact now, riddled by bullets and shot from the weapons of the doctor and his neighbors, the dead one crumbled and fell from his seat on the altar-stone. And as those eyes glazed in second death the deep voice boomed out in a prayer to Sathanas. The lich crawled across the ground to the ritual fire, drew painfully erect, and tottered into the flames. And as it stood weaving for a moment in the blaze the lips moved again in infernal prayer, and the eyes implored not the skies, but the earth. The ground opened in a final flash of fire, and the charred corpse fell through. The Master claimed his own. . . .  It was grotesque, almost a fairy-tale in its triteness. When the film had flick- ered off and the orchestra blared the opening for the next "flesh-show" we rose in our seats, conscious once more of our surroundings. The rest of the mon- grel audience seemed to be in a stupor almost equal to our own. Wide-eyed Japanese sat staring in the darkness; Fili- pinos muttered covertly to one another; even the drunken laborers seemed incap-   W. T.--7  