  Return to the Sabbath By ROBERT BLOCH  A shuddery weird tale of Hollywood and the film industry--a story of the gruesome thing that emerged from the burial crypt     IT'S NOT the kind of story that the columnists like to print; it's not the yarn press-agents love to tell. When I was still in the Public Relations Depart- ment at the studio, they wouldn't let me break it. I knew better than to try, for no paper would print such a tale.  We publicity men must present Holly- wood as a gay place; a world of glamor and star-dust. We capture only the light, but underneath the light there must al- ways be shadows. I've always known that --it's been my job to gloss over those shadows for years--but the events of which I speak form a disturbing pattern too strange to be withheld. The shadow of these incidents is not human.  It's been the cursed weight of the whole affair that has proved my own mental undoing. That's why I resigned from the studio post, I guess. I wanted to forget, if I could. And now I know that the only way to relieve my mind is to tell the story. I must break the yarn, come what may. Then perhaps I can for- get Karl Jorla's eyes. . . .  The affair dates back to one September evening almost three years ago. Les Kin- caid and I were slumming down on Main Street in Los Angeles that night. Les is an assistant producer up at the studio, and there was some purpose in his visit; he was looking for authentic types to fill minor roles in a gangster film he was doing. Les was peculiar that way; he preferred the real article, rather than the Casting Bureau's ready-made imitations.  We'd been wandering around for some      time, as I recall, past the great stone Chows that guard the narrow alleys of Chinatown, over through the tourist-trap that is Olvera Street, and back along the flop-houses of lower Main. We walked by the cheap burlesque houses, eyeing the insolent Filipinos that sauntered past, and jostling our way through the usual Satur- day night slumming parties.  We were both rather weary of it all. That's why, I suppose, the dingy little theatre appealed to us.  "Let's go in and sit down for a while," Les suggested. "I'm tired."  Even a Main Street burlesque show has seats in it, and I felt ready for a nap. The callipygy of the stage-attraction did not appeal to me, but I acceded to the suggestion and purchased our tickets.  We entered, sat down, suffered through two strip-tease dances, an incredibly an- cient black-out sketch, and a "Grand Fi- nale." Then, as is the custom in such places, the stage darkened and the screen flickered into life.  We got ready for our doze, then. The pictures shown in these houses are usually ancient specimens of the "quickie" va- riety; fillers provided to clear the house. As the first blaring notes of the sound- track heralded the title of the opus, I closed my eyes, slouched lower in my seat, and mentally beckoned to Morpheus.   I WAS jerked back to reality by a sharp dig in the ribs. Les was nudging me and whispering.  "Look at this," he murmured, prod-    