  WEIRD TALES 119    But I myself will prepare coffee. One moment, please."  The aura of unbounded misery and corroding despair remained, lingering after the portières had hidden bin Ayyub from sight. Not even the clanging of the brazen pestle wherewith he pulverized the freshly roasted coffee could infuse a trace of life into the somber magnificence of that rich salon. The order of nature had been upset: this was the house of one whose spirit had died a thousand deaths without having deprived the body of life. Not even the return of the throne-rug had aroused a sparkle of the vital, preda- tory spirit of that fierce Kurd whose eyes had but two weeks ago flamed exultantly as he told of the enemy who had unwisely walked by moonlight.  Bin Ayyub's entry with a tray inter- rupted my reflections.  One of the tiny eggshell cups was white, the other, deep blue.  "No, effendi, blue is the color of mourning; take the white one."  A light began to dawn on me. The color of mourning ... he had taken this tactful way of letting me know that my presence was an intrusion on his sorrow. But, if there had been a death in the family, why that flash of abysmal despair when a few moments ago I had suggested that since he once more had the throne- rug, he need not bother to hunt whoever it was that had tricked Djénane Hanoum?  "Bismillahi!" murmured bin Ayyub, then tasted his coffee. After a moment's silence, he continued, "I bear you no ill will for what has happened. Naturally you would speak to your friends of the Isphahan I gave you, and of the throne- rug. It was my fault; I should have told her."  Worse and worse! That rug again. Hadn't I returned it? Wasn't he sitting on it even as he spoke? Well then. . . .    The WISE MEN OF ANCIENT EGYPT told HERODOTUS That the Sun moves north as men travel south, until finally it: shines continuously in the north. For 1,500 years men laughed at the "gullibil- ity" of the ancients, until, by sailing past the Equator, Europeans of the Middle Ages DISCOVERED what the Egyptians KNEW thousands of years before. Suppressed Knowledge of Ancient Sages --lost to the world for 3,000 years, but preserved by the FEW who could appreciate and use it--is available to you, through association with the Rosicrucians. Their unique and success- ful methods of mastering life's problems and developing Personal Power are even more effective today. Try their for- mulas on your own personal and practical problems. Successful?--Happy? Have you realized the highest possibilities of which you are capable? Are you going through life with your greatest assets --social, business, intellectual--locked in a chest, without looking for the key? Send for a Free Copy of "The Secret Heritage." It may open up a new world of personal satisfaction and practical achievement; it might have a startling effect upon your own future. It is sent free to the serious. Address Scribe O.W.X. The ROSICRUCIANS AMORC San Jose California (Not a religious organization)   A new thriller by SEABURY QUINN appears in WEIRD TALES every month   