  106 WEIRD TALES    the grain of hasheesh dissolved in wine. One's house becomes a place designed for the sheltering and storing of rare rugs; though, of course, the collector him- self has no moral scruples about utilizing a bit of that same shelter for himself.  One may wear last year's overcoat, and have last year's shoes half-soled; but one can always raise the price, however ex- orbitant, of a threadbare Ladik, a battle- scarred Ghiordes, or a moth-eaten Fera- ghan.  Thus, though Morgan Revell was ex- aggerating when he smiled in a way reminiscent of a cat who has just had a pleasant tête-à-tête with a canary, and re- marked, "I'd cheerfully have committed murder for that rug," he was well within the limits of poetic license. Not that he would actually consider going as far as rope, pistol, or poison; in fact, I think he would stop short of breaking and entering. But the fact remains that trifles can not stand in one's way when a really rare rug is in sight. And very often a jest is the essence of truth.  Well, and that is that: either you still maintain that a rug is but something to put on the floor, or else you have grasped some conception of the fanaticism that consumes the confirmed collector of antique rugs. If the former, well and good: de gustibus non disputandum est. But if the latter, if you have grasped the idea, then perhaps you will understand why I crave a bit of fresh air and a change of scene whenever I catch a whiff of attar of roses, or a glimpse of a fine, hard-spun silken cord.   I WAS making one of my customary reconnaissances, prowling tours in search of the perfect rug, the wondrous prize; though what I'd have done with it is a bit beyond me, unless I'd have tacked it to the ceiling. All other space is occu- pied. Furthermore, I am at times hereti-      cal enough to fancy that it is better to know that the rent, due on the morrow, will be in cash available for payment to the landlord instead of being draped over a lounge, or parked on the last bit of vacant wall or floor space.  A chubby, oily little fellow from some- where in Asia Minor, with features that combined Mephisto with Kewpie, ap- proached and offered his services, assur- ing me that some rare bargains would be auctioned off that afternoon. I assured him that I was merely prowling about.  "A fine Kirman. Worth seven hundred dollars," he began, just from force of habit. "Perhaps you will bid on it? Get it for two-three hundred."  I didn't bother to tell him that I'd not use it for a bath mat; that it was a sickly-looking mess, with its flabby tex- ture, its aniline dyes, bleached to un- natural softness, and its fearful, glassy luster gained from glycerin and hot rollers, and that it would hardly be a fit companion for a Kirman rose-rug of the old school. So he left me to my own de- vices, to tear down several piles, shoul- der-high, of rugs of varying quality; mainly atrocities recently woven to satisfy the ever-increasing demand for Oriental rugs: wretched rags which the auctioneer would later exhibit, glassily agleam under a powerful floodlight, and describe as "Royal" Bijar, "Royal" Sarouk, or "Royal" Kashan, or "Royal" whatever travesty it was on some ancient, honor- able weave.  Weariness and more weariness. I worked my way through the second pile, and with like result. An old Feraghan tempted me, but I decided that though honest and ancient, it would cost too much to have the worn spots rewoven. Nor did the third pile bring forth any- thing of interest. Then, poking about in a dark corner, I found behind a baled, room-sized carpet, a scrap of something    