56 Seed of Hate I cried, for the man was in a bad way. "For him--en verité? You mean it?" exclaimed my Auguste, doubting eyes searching my face. "Yes." He left the room at once, brought back the bottle and put it upon the table. "There, you," he said scornfully. Then Vestlemann grasped the bottle and gulped down some of the amber liquor. His eyes opened wider and a crafty smile crept over his face. were swollen. He lunged and choked, unable to speak. Reaching over the table, he attempted to grasp Auguste, his rage uncontrolled. The bottle crashed past his face, not even grazing it, and splintered into countless bits. But Vestlemann drew back as from a blow, his cheeks reddened, his breath coming in gasps. Then as I watched him, powerless, he suddenly straightened up, pressed a hand to his head. The blood had left his face. I could see the cold dampness "Vestlemann drew back as from a blow" "She, there--is crazy," he stuttered. "She don't forget, not her. Men--dif- ferent." Then he raised the bottle again to his thick lips. How I loathed him! "Charitable, us men. . . . Women --bah!"--between swallows. Then he set the empty bottle on the table and started slowly toward my Auguste. Scowling, suddenly he lunged forward, trying to grasp the boy. I cried out to warn him. Auguste sprang nimbly aside, grabbed up the empty bottle from the table, and drew back his arm ready to strike. Vestlemann had turned about to watch him. The veins at his temples on his hands. Groping for the chair behind him, he fell back. His cheeks bellowed and puffed in his struggle for breath. He made an effort to pull him- self up, then slid from the chair to the floor . . . twitched, stiffened, relaxed. He was dead. Apoplexy . . . rage had been his undoing. But the strain of it! Auguste got his senses back first. He stole to the body on the floor, peered at it, then ran out of the cottage, calling for help. I followed after him. Jean Lubin came quickly from his door across the way. They buried Vestlemann near the 