78 My Road to the Stars hopes to discard it; sold a scenario to the Famous Films, and has an order for another. Shall I stick around?" For a minute everything whirled be- fore my eyes, but I quickly pulled my- self together. "Thanks, Eddie," I said, "but it isn't necessary--with Ted Bromley." "Thought you might like me to drive you home?" "Not to-night." I wanted to get rid of him. I had no great hopes from this first meeting with Ted, but I could not go from it to another man. "Where is Mr. Bromley?" "Saw him talking to the chief a min- ute ago. Oh, there he is!" I followed the direction of his glance, and saw a man in a gray suit limping toward us. Eddie Rolfe melted away, and I stood still, waiting until Ted Bromley should join me. As he came closer, I could see that he was thinner than of old, paler, but there was complete sanity in his hazel eyes, and a forward thrust to his clear- cut chin. This was what I had wanted more than anything else in the world, I reminded myself. But somehow it didn't, make me happy, as it should have done. He held out his hand. "Words are poor things to express thanks for what you did for me. Pam, I shall go on being grateful to you all my life," he said. His tones were deeper than formerly, and an under- current of sadness ran through them. I lifted my eyes to his, and I read the death sentence to my hopes. He brought me gratitude--and nothing more. "I wish you wouldn't feel that way about it. I owe you my chance here, so I think that ought to wipe the slate clean between us," I answered brightly. A faint personal interest showed in his eyes, "I knew you'd make good, and I don't need to tell you I'm glad." "I hear great things of you--you're selling scenarios." "I'm not fit for the road, with my game left leg, so I might as well use my time somehow. You're looking fine. Like it over here?" "Yes, but I miss Peter Gunning." "He's the best- ever! Well, you're anxious to be out of your costume and on your way"--we were walking towards the studio. "May I take you home?" He was trying to be polite and I could not bear it. "It's not necessary," I told him curtly. But he would not have it that way. "We're friends, aren't we, Pam?" I nodded. If that was all he wanted, I would accept. He walked with me to the entrance and left me at the end of the corridor that led to my room and said he would wait while I changed into street clothes. As I unfastened my frock with fingers that trembled, I thought how dear he looked; more of a man than I remembered him. He had touched the depths and emerged better and stronger, and I had had my share in that. Surely that knowledge was its own reward! I had on my street suit, but my hair was still down preparatory to doing it up again, and it fell in a cloud about my shoulders. I glanced into the mirror, and then I stiffened with unreasoning horror, as I saw the door between my room and the next open slowly and a man's form block the doorway. IT was Bryam Hogan, and he came swiftly toward me. 