24 Uncle Oscar's House Party crisp snow, which was all hard on top and crackled as we stepped into it, through fields of glittering ice and cold, clear air. It was lovely. Our walk ended at the cabin where we were to lunch. The cabin was built of logs, chinked with moss and excel- sior. Inside the walls were hung with Indian and Mexican rugs, and at the farthermost end was a colossal fireplace where logs were burning brightly. And there were cocktails and cider and big brown turkeys, served by Uncle Oscar's butler. We sat on cushioned benches before the fire and toasted our toes while we feasted. All morning Jack Weston had been devoting himself to Sarah Huntington. I had seen practically nothing of him. Sarah was just out of school and had stage aspirations. She was one of those dreamy-looking girls with continually half-closed eyes and an air of languor. I loathed her at first sight, for I realized that she was all sham and pretense. Now she reclined gracefully on a cushion and gazed at Jack, with a too intent expression on her too much made-up countenance. I watched them closely and, I must confess, with a strong feeling of jealousy. Suddenly Sarah's eyes met mine, and for a moment our glance held and ex- changed emnity. Then Sarah's lips parted slightly in a faint sneer, and she ignored me. I laughed aloud. The blood of battle surged through my veins. THAT afternoon there was a skating party. We repaired to Uncle Oscar's pond, which was smooth and brushed clean of snow like a mirror of glass. And now came my first victory. I skated beautifully, and Sarah Hunting- ton did not skate at all. She sat on the edge of the pond, looking rather cold and uncomfortable. Jack Weston stood by her and I could see that he was mad to be off. I glided up to them, smiling. "Isn't this glorious!" I exclaimed. Jack looked up at me. "You bet," he agreed. "Do you skate much?" "Quite a bit," I answered. "And I love to waltz." There came a gleam of interest in his eyes. "Let's send up to the house for the phonograph," he suggested. "Then we can dance." And off he went like a shot. For a moment I was left alone with Sarah. She looked coldly at me and again I smiled. "Why don't you go back to the house and play bridge with the others who aren't skating?" I suggested. "You must be frozen here." Sarah bit her underlip. "A clever suggestion," she snapped. "No, thanks. I'm quite comfortable." And she settled herself more firmly against a snowdrift. Just then came the strains of the "Blue Danube," and without more ado I turned and glided toward Jack, who was coming to meet me from the op- posite end of the pond. And we danced. Jack waltzed beautifully on skates, and so did I. Before long we had a group of ad- miring onlookers about us and then all the guests arrived to watch; that is, all except Sarah, who sat disdainfully at a distance with chattering teeth and frostbitten toes. I was elated. WE all took a nap before dinner. I was too excited to sleep, so I put on my negligee and spent a half hour 