Thrills Thirty Years Ago 39 twisted earnestly as he played "When You and I Were Young, Maggie," or "Only a Pansy Blossom," on the mouth organ for my amusement. How mourn- fully he would stare at me when I emerged from my superior preoccupa- tion to say I had letters to write. Then my brothers and he would go out to the stable to tease the colored boy, Sam, into a cakewalk or to put their clip-winged blackbird through its tricks. Not so long ago I had been anxious for those pleasures. Now I was grown-up. I was sure that I was feeling the grand passion of love. Harry scolded: "You're awfully highfalutin since you came home from school, Kate. You oughtn't to be so mean to Tom. He's a good fellow--smart and ambi- tious." I elevated a disdainful nose. "He has no polish," I said. But, even as I contrasted Tom with my ideal, Alfred, I had to admit that there was something appealing to me in the country boy's straightforward brown eyes. I felt I could trust him in any emergency. One evening, in a moment of kindli- ness. I consented to go walking with him out the road to the sugar maple grove. Immediately I realized that this was too much encouragement. I knew by his weighted silence, his rapid breathing, that he was going to propose again. So I settled myself, wearily, on a stump, to hear him out as usual. "Pop's going to send me away to law school this fall," he began awkwardly. "I just wanted to tell you, Kate. I notice you don't care much for me lately, but I thought that might make some difference. I'm going to work hard and get an education." "I'm sure you'll be successful," I said, wondering how I could hurt him least. "Won't you get engaged to me, Kate?" he blurted out. "If I get to be a famous lawyer, won't you marry me?" "No. Tom," I said melodramatically, feeling the heroine of a novel. "I love another." "Who is he?" Tom wanted to know angrily. "He is a prince of dreams," I an- swered. Tom could not understand that. He thought it a piece of girlish foolishness, He said: "Well, I guess you'll find me still hanging around when you get done dreaming, Kate." I FELT sorry for Tom for a few hours, then forgot all about him in the re- ceipt of breath-taking news. Alfred wrote he was coming to see me. En route to take a position in St. Louis, he would arrive within a week on the steamboat from Cincinnati. I flew into a panic of preparation. I must have a new fall dress of blue cash- mere. The parlor sofa must be re- upholstered in red plush. The house must be decorated with garden flowers. Sam must polish the phseton and Dixie's harness. I must get new views for the stereopticon glass. Everything possible must be done to honor this visiting prince. I boasted to Mother of his excellent family, knowing well how to win her favor who was so proud of her blue blood. I told my father how ambitious Alfred was. Of course I told neither of them the manner in which I had made his acquaintance. Nevertheless, they remained unen- thusiastic, reserving their judgment on this stranger from a school which was 