70 My Road to the Stars As he bent over the bed, Ted whis- pered : "Got anything for me, old man?" I saw Gunning shoot me a quick glance of inquiry. I nodded; I did not pretend that I thought I had gotten the better of Ted's appetite for drink. "Thought you wouldn't, need it, now you've got Gloria," Ted's features softened until he looked a moment like the charming youth I had known and loved. "She's the breath of life to me, old man. But there are times when--you know how it is!" And he tried to smile. I saw the flask pass from one hand to the other, and I made up my mind to get hold of it, which I did shortly after Gunning left. I diluted the mix- ture I have him freely with water. But as I held the glass to his lips, he suddenly pushed out his hand and put it from him. "Let me see if I can sleep without it to-night. Glory--I haven't asked you before, but if you'd kiss me once--just on the cheek--I think I wouldn't miss the damned stuff!" For a moment I feared that the touch of my lips would reveal to him that I was not the woman he loved. Then I told myself that perhaps he wouldn't know. I bent my head and brushed his thin cheek lightly, praying as I did so. He sank back against the pillows and his eyes closed, and that night slept without once asking for his usual drink. The next day, Sallie was waiting for me in my dressing room. "You're crazy!" she greeted me. "Crazy as they make 'em! You couldn't owe any man the debt you're paying Ted! And you're just laying up trouble for yourself. Gloria's bound to hear some day you used her as an alibi, and she'll take it out on you. You don't know Gloria's tongue, and you don't know men. Ted won't be grate- ful! "When he comes to, he's going to hate you like poison for fooling him, and he's going to slide downhill so fast that not even Mundi on her knees can stop him. Take it from me, kid, you're in wrong and pull out at once." She paused long enough to light a cigarette and give me a chance to reply. "I've thought of everything, Sallie-- Ted's probable lack of gratitude, Gloria Mundi's anger, and the trouble I'm lay- ing up for myself. But I'm going through with this thing." Sallie blew a cloud of smoke at me. "Besides, it's compromising and if it leaks out Hogan won't stand for it." "Why should he hear of it? You know it's all right and so does Mr. Gun- ning, and really I don't care about any- one else's opinion." "You're hopeless!" she stormed at me. "Funny, you're only a little thing and you look mild enough, and yet you're as obstinate as a mule!" I saw she was weakening, even as Peter Gunning had weakened last night. I THOUGHT I had won them both over, but I did not know how Gun- ning worked. The following day when I got back to Nora's flat, she told me two doctors had been there to look at Ted, and they were going to take him to the hospital and operate. There was a pressure on his spine and if that could be removed, his general condition had improved so much, there was a chance that he would not only recover mentally but be able to walk and see again, as well as ever. I was stunned by the good news, and 