The Price of a Flop-House Bunk 49 There is no further choice. A glass sign with red letters is the beacon of decision. You will have to flop. A giant man in blue with brass buttons, bending before the onrushing storm, hastens the affirmative. You heard to- day it was thirty days for street loiterers, instead of the usual ten on the rock pile. The three nickels drop on the counter, as the gray-haired clerk hands out a key for the flop bunk. It is warm here, anyway, and the newspaper under the torn coat is tossed in the wastebasket. The paper was soaked halfway through. AN iron cot in a wire-partitioned, cell-like room, no sheets or pillow- cases, grimy blankets, and creaky springs. But that warm air from the hissing steam radiators was the main thing. The dull, lead color paint of the walls, the wire glass windows, the one chair, no tottels, no mirror . . . but it was warm. I knew that sleep had better come quickly for it is no good lying on the lumpy straw mattress--wondering . . . For three years I have been flopping. Every day with a problem how to eat or where to sleep. Many days and nights pass without either. My eyes are wide-open to-night. The dull gray of the flop ceiling slowly melts, as memory flits back and I am staring at the ceiling of my apartment in the Majestic. The wire partitions become the Lincrusta Walton panels, and the battered chair my reading table by my brass bed. Those soft footfalls on the stone floor as the aged clerk shows another bum his flop is Henry carrying away my clothes to be pressed and ready for morn- ing. That tattered coat of mine is the evening dress I have tossed on the chair as I went to bed to dream of Arlene Drexel. Yes; this is Roger Sherwood lying here with not one cent to rub against another. Roger Sherwood whom the society journals hinted would doubtless wed the beautiful Drexel heiress. Why here now? I often talk with the bums in the park. Sometimes I questioned the men in the workhouse when I had to stay there for short terms. Their stories, while different in detail, contain most of the essentials of my case. Pretense . . . make-believe . . . reach- ing out for the substance and grasping the phantom . . JUST where I got the notion I was cut out for a social career has al- ways been a mystery to me. From what source came the big ideas of splurge and show I never did know. My folks were scarce more than la- boring people in a quiet New England village. My dreams started when I was still in school, and during the adolescent period I chafed at the restraints of the small town and my folks' poverty. I devoured all the trashy literature I could get, and imagination soared to the big cities with the white ways of brilliant lights. I often wonder if the spoiling process did not start with my folks and teachers calling me the "pretty kid"? I do know full well that in later years when gush- ing women told me I was good-looking, I liked to hear it and rather expected it. Soon as I was old enough and had a little money, despite the pleadings of my people, I went to the city. It had been a long cherished family plan that I should go to work in the local general store, but the small town was a prison walled in to me. 