Thrills Thirty Years Ago 41 spicuous position--"Kate Kenton all dressed up to meet her city beau." My heart beat as though it would burst through the boned blouse as I saw him walk across the gangplank. There were the golden burnsides, the handsome profile I had admired so ardently in Chapel. He seemed slim and superior to the surrounding rustics. How aristocratic he was! I gloated on every detail of his fashionable grace --small, black hat, gray-striped suit with its tight coat and trousers, gold watch fob, yellow chamois vest. How I managed the introduction. I don't know. I was blushing furiously. That is one trick this generation seems to have lost--or perhaps the blush can- not penetrate rouge. Alfred took Dixie's reins. That wily horse, realizing that the driving was in a stranger's hands and one unskilled in the ways of equines, took the oppor- tunity to amble lazily along, plucking at stray wisps of clover beside the road. I was too much in awe of Alfred to offer any suggestions about whipping Dixie up, so we moved along at a snail's pace. I knew that Father and Sam, who had tactfully taken the longer road, would reach home an hour before us. Alfred seemed perfectly at ease. He smiled upon me complacently, and talked a great deal--all about himself. He was going to be general manager of a wholesale woolen house in St. Louis. He had belonged to five clubs at Fair- field. I worshiped and smiled my best al- luring smile. I called it sparking--my sideway glances and little smiles. To- day they call it vamping. It had results then as now. Dixie, meandering up the hill, paused restfully in the shade of a tree. Alfred's arm slid about my waist and his golden burn- sides tickled my cheek as he bent to- ward me. "One kiss," he whispered. MARK the difference between my daughter and me. I was fright- ened. A kiss was a tremendously im- portant thing to me--the seal of an en- gagement, never to be lightly squand- ered. Besides, men didn't admire girls who gave kisses easily. So, much as I worshiped Alfred, I protested nervously: "You mustn't do that. I'm not that kind of girl." "Not that--what in the name of Jehoshaphat did you write to me and ask me down here for then?" he inquired candidly. I was horrified, and yet I had to ad- mit that Alfred was justified in his opin- ion, since I had been so bold. Another fear--it would be terrible to quarrel with my vaunted city beau even before we reached home! "I thought we could be friends," I murmured. "I'll be bumswizzled!" said Alfred. "You fixed up that letter just to get ac- quainted, and now you're as cool as an old hen in a snowstorm." I did not know what to say to that. Apparently he took heart from my si- lence, for this time he tightened his embrace and tried to snatch the kiss. I slapped him sharply and then re- coiled in terror at my deed. He would be angry and leave, and I would be dis- graced. I was unhappily conscious that we were in plain view of a near-by farm- house. I waited for Alfred to descend from that buggy and start walking back to- ward town. I anticipated the jokes I would have to endure from my brothers. Instead he laughed a short, ugly laugh that said plainly, "I'll get even." 