SHOW 'EM, COWBOY! 121   She thanked him, moving to the threshold. But she waited for him to lift the sack and join her, keeping at his side as they went to the kitchen. "Just set the flour on that chair," she directed, as he started towards the bin that was pulled half out of the wall cupboard. "I'll fix it when I make the biscuits. And thanks a lot."  Temptation was too great. Again Brady looked at her, and she smiled-- a real smile, this time, that dawned in her eyes to come into full radiance on her lips. He did not hear steps ap- proaching through the dining room. With the stunning force of bullets came words edged with patronizing scorn.  "Oh! So you're cooking for the house, too!"  Brady turned his head to stare into Jordan Gate's greenish eyes. Doreen spoke instantly.  "No. He just helped me to carry in some supplies."  The Cross Bar foreman's gaze swept the kitchen, halted briefly at the flour bin, then came to Brady Wilson with real hatred. But he addressed the girl. "I see--but you don't have to go to the cook shack for help when I'm around. Why didn't you call me?"  "You're much too dressed up to be handling flour," she laughed.  Brady left the kitchen, but he could hear Gates commenting in derogatory tones, "That fellow's not like the boys you're used to around here; he's just a drifting no-account--glad to wrastle pots. You can't treat him friendly like you do our boys, because he won't un- derstand. He'll take advantage."  "No?" Doreen's voice held a ques- tioning inflection. "He is very polite-- and quite shy."  "I tell you, you've got him wrong. Forgive me, Doreen, I don't like to see you stoop to be nice to such a worth- less fellow."  "Indeed!" Now she spoke crisply. "There's no occasion for your criticism, Jordan--none at all."  "I think there is," he flared back with     anger, "when you get him to carry in flour you don't need, just to have a chance to flirt with him!"  To Brady's astonishment Doreen's laughter rang out with infectious gaiety. "Don't be silly, Jordan!" Her voice came clearly, followed at once by the booming tones of Jude Oliver who had just come up from the corral, greeting the visitor with no idea of the recent scene.  Brady hurried back to the cook house. "Mi-gosh!" he breathed. "That flour bin was 'most half full. I won- der. . . ."  That wonder, combined with the ex- citing memories of his recent en- counter, rendered Brady immune to the usual disgust with his cook's duties. And he allowed himself to dream that evening that Doreen had perhaps been curious to discover what he really was like. Maybe she was the tiniest bit in- terested. However, by morning his doubts returned. He remembered the laughter in her eyes as they stood in the storeroom.  "She's just having fun," he con- cluded. "She thinks I'm what her aunt said that afternoon when they was talk- ing--I'm a no-good puncher that's fell back on cookin'!"  During the ensuing days, Brady sometimes felt sure that Doreen was watching him. But she made no fur- ther attempt at speech until almost a week had passed. Then she was quite impersonal, and she did not smile. In fact, she seemed to have erected a little barrier about herself. Brady wondered wrathfully if Gates had after all af- fected her with his remarks.  Meanwhile, there was excitement among the crew. Red had announced his intention of trying to ride the for- midable roan bucking horse owned by Thad Warren of the Cross Bar. While his mates were ready to back him with encouragement, there was no feeling of confidence that he would make it. The best riders in the locality, including some famous rodeo hands, had failed. And while Red had plenty of assurance,