28 RANCH ROMANCES   Link straightened, rolling another cig- arette. "Now we can get down to brass tacks," he exclaimed in satisfaction. "Coburn has been stealin' yore cattle. He's been blottin' our brand into yores an' stealin' our stuff, too. We got to think up a way to put a noose around that jasper's neck."  Loma shivered. "Don't talk that way. We've had enough of death already. And, by the way, did you kill Spider Glick?"  Link nodded, his eyes narrowing. "Yeah. It was him or me. He figgered he had me cold, but his string played out the wrong way."  "And your conscience doesn't bother you?"  "Not a bit. I'm moral shore that him an' Colinga killed Long Andy. When we got Andy home the other night, we looked him over an' found rope burns on his arms. We savvy now how they got his gun off him. They roped him from some sort of ambush, disarmed him, then plain murdered him. D'yuh expect me to feel sorry for rockin' off a human coyote who'd do such a thing? Hardly. An' one of these days I'm liable to look Colinga over in smoke."  She looked at him soberly. He was staring off into the distance, his keen- featured face set and implacable. Loma thought that she had never met such a proud, resolute, capable-looking man be- fore. And she had to admit his attrac- tiveness--the clean, hardy fiber of him, with abounding virility. Her heart quickened slightly and color crept into her cheeks.  "If what you surmise is true, I cannot blame you for feeling as you do," she admitted quietly. "And I hope you do not think that I would sanction anything crooked on my ranch."  Link looked at her, his eyes softening. "The only thing I can think about yuh is that yo're the gamest, proudest, finest little lady I ever knew. We're gonna be friends, you an' me--good friends. But yo're up against a crooked deck an' yo're gonna need help to handle the play. My first idee was to tell yuh to fire yore     crew--all of 'em. But I think yuh'd bet- ter hold on to 'em for a while.  "We'll give that smart rooster Co- burn a little more rope an' mebbe he'll hang hisself. I'm goin' on a trip for a few days to check up. When I get back I'll let yuh know how we'll act. What say we meet here again about--lemme see--say next Saturday. That'll gimme four days."  "Very well, I'll be here," promised Loma.  Link held out his hand. "Let's shake on that, pardner."  There was a caressing note about his last word, and Loma felt her cheeks burn hotly. But she shook hands. Link's palm tightened about hers and he looked deep into her eyes, blue and shining.  "Yeah," he murmured, "we're gonna be friends--mebbe more."  Loma fled. She sent her horse up the slope at a run and did not look back until she reached the mouth of the val- ley. Even here her pride told her not to look back, but her heart told her oth- erwise--and won the argument.  Link stood just as she had left him, looking after her. She could not make out his features, but he waved his hat. And Loma waved back, glad that the friendly distance hid the luminosity of her glance and the wild throbbing of her heart. Then she spurred onward, out of sight.  She enjoyed riding back to the ranch house a great deal more than she had leaving it. And her thoughts were not about cattle or the troubles that faced her at all. Instead, they were all of Link Sanderson.  "He's nice, Buck," she whispered to her pony. "I like him awfully well. But that is a secret between you and me, un- derstand, you rascal?"  Buck wobbled his ears lazily. It was okeh with him.  LINK SANDERSON rode directly back to the Quarter Circle S Ranch where he selected a fresh mount, saddled, and then went up to the ranch