Are You Out of a Job? If you neeed money send me your name and I'll show how to start making up to $15 a day With my simple new Introductory Package Plan. Deserting Men and Women Being Put To Work Rapidly Distributing Trial Packages Quick New Easy Way To Stop Your Money Wor- ries--Pay Your Bills--Lift The Mortgage--Buy A Home--Have Plenty Of Cash In Your Pocket! When I thought of my new Introductory Package Plan. I knew it was going to be a great thing. With good jobs scarce my Ad- vertising Plan is a blessing to the unem- ployed and poorly paid. Cash starts coming- in FIRST DAY. Men and women who help me make up to $1.25 an hour for spare time work or $9.50 a day for placing 25 pack- ages. You can work full time or spare time and start taking in money the first day. PAY STARTS AT ONCE My new plan provides an immediate cash income for honest and reliable men and women. I want someone in every territory to look after my business. My new Trial Pack- age Idea is sweeping the country, so that you can go to work at once right in your own locality. VACANCIES BEING FILLED RAPIDLY Be next to send your name today. You can't expect an opportunity like this to go begging long. There are a lot of people like yourself who have been our of work, or working for poor wages, who are going to snap up good vacant localities for their own routes. Here's what some have already done: [W. Mincities], Califoria., "Have profits of $75 in six days"; W.A. Canover, New Jersey says, "My daily earnings have been as high as $12.40"; Raymond J. Mura, [][] "Made from $10 to $20 clear profit a day";J. Grunell, Wis., "Made $41.50 first day". G.V. Budaus, Tex., trippled his former income of $20 a week and says, "I now make from [$55 to $85] a week": Mrs. L.P. Mc-Neal Penn., clears $19.92 in ten hours[] time. These expectional earn-ings are proof of amazing possibilites of my offer. FREE as an extra BONUS NEW FORD TUDOR SEDAN This is NOT a contest or a "prize" for solv-ing puzzles. This Ford is not given to you in place of your money. No! But [] [every men who proves] to me that he is "on the job" and building up a real traffic through [] and exp[]ences handling of customers. I give this car as an extra bonus- in addition to what you make every day in cash. If you already ahve a car I'll give you an equal [] in cash in-stead. I'll explain this fully when I send you details of my Trail Package Plan. NO LIMIT TO MY OFFER You may wonder at making such big money even in hard times. But this plan of Trial Package distribution is doing exactly that for hundreds. The "Trial Package" Plan is simple. Your first work on this new job will be to dis- tribute introductory packages of my line to people in your neighborhood. After they have had a chance to use these products and see how they save money, they give you their orders for full size packages. You handle the money and deliver the goods. And a big share of every dollar we take in goes into your pocket as your pay. The pay for this work is frequently as high as $15 a day. Even at the start placing only 25 trial packages a day will pay you $9.50--regular and steady. Your Own Groceries At Wholesale When I send you instructions for mak- ing money on my new Trial Package Plan, I also give you rock bottom, whole- sale prices on your own groceries-- about half of regular retail prices. This is in addition to your regular pay. So you can MAKE big money in cash and SAVE big money on the things you use in your own home. Have Permanent Route With Big Weekly Cash Income With my plan you should have a big list of regular customers that you call on every two weeks, and with an es- tablished route which requires only 30 calls a day your pay can easily be $15 a day steady. If you want to have only a 10 call route and work only half days, you can still make up to $7.50 a day-- and even that gives you $15 a week-- not bad for half time. Don't Send Money-- Just Your Name Don't confuse this with anything you have ever read before--I don't want your money--I need help. Send me your name so I can lay the facts before you, then you can decide if the pay is satisfactory. You don't need experience or capital with me. I furnish every- thing including FORD SEDAN to pro- ducers. Don't expect me to wait indef- initely to hear from you, if you reply promptly it will be a strong thing in your favor with me. SEND TODAY-- EVERYTHING IS FREE. A. L. MILLS President 1102 Monmouth Ave. Cincinnati, Ohio   GOOD for FREE OFFER A. L. Mills. President, 1102 Monmouth Ave., Cincinnati, O. Send me full particulars of your new Trial Pack- age Plan showing me how I can make $9.50 a day steady and sure. This is not an order For any goods and the plan you send me is not to cost me one cent now, or ever. NAME ......................... ADDRESS.......................... (Please Print or Write Plainly)