A STRANGE TRAIL 55    drew his daughter close to him and said, "Yuh understand now, Molly, that we'd give help if we could? But we can't; he brought this on himself. Yuh don't want us to go down there, merely to die in the same town with him, eh?"  She clung to her father. "No, I don't want that."  "Then yuh go up to yore room and try to sleep. Yo're worn out with this storming and crying."  She nodded, exhausted with emotion. He kissed her, and she went meekly away. She flung herself, dressed as she was, in her riding clothes, on the bed. There she lay, face upward, staring at the ceiling, not sleeping but thinking.  THAT night, about two o'clock, a slender figure, carefully dressed in men's clothes, slipped like a shadow from the ranch house and, in a short time, rode quietly into the starlit night, heading straight for Kit Bridger's place.  Her only precaution against pursuit was to leave her father a note, saying she had left for Omaha to visit a friend. Her father might not believe her, but it would take him some time to check up on her whereabouts. Meanwhile she would be well on her way to Mexico.  Molly found Bridger's very quiet when she arrived. Kit and his men were asleep in the ranch house. As he had no family, the main building was ranch house and bunkhouse in one.  No dog barked. Only, in the distance, an owl hooted dismally. Dismounting, Molly stripped her own horse, turned it into the corral. She would use her own outfit on the mount that she was after now--the great golden stallion, Ace.  He was not loose in the corral. He wouldn't be; his temper was too high to turn him among the geldings. She made straight for the barn. The first stall she came to was occupied by Ace. It was a heavy stall, built of timber, reinforced, the door solid oak and pad- locked.  She stared at the padlock in dismay, remembering now that Curt, some days     before, had told her Bridger had said two attempts had been made to steal the stallion. But she had never thought of Bridger's keeping him under lock and key.  She recalled also that Curt reported Bridger as saying, "Any thief who gets Ace signs his own death warrant. I'll never leave the trail till I find him."  Well, if she could ever get the pad- lock open, Kit Bridger might trail all he liked, for the golden stallion was the fastest animal in the whole countryside. She might trust Ace to show a clean pair of heels to anything which Kit Bridger could ride after them.  The padlock soon demonstrated to her that only the key would serve her purpose. She stood thinking. That key would be somewhere in Kit's own room --probably in his clothes. She knew that the only ranch-owner distinction Bridger affected was that of occupying a bedroom of his own. She had ques- tioned Curt artfully about Kit Bridger and all his habits. She herself knew nothing of him, except the brief glimpse she had had once while both of them were in town.  So, with a desperate courage which refused to think of danger, she went straight to the house.  People of this countryside didn't bolt their doors, and Molly found the front door unlocked as she had expected. Once inside, she again drew upon the information she had cunningly extracted from the unsuspecting Curt. Bridger's room lay to the left, at the front; on the other side of the narrow hall, further back, his men testified to their sound slumber by loud snores.  But Kit Bridger's room was silent. She stole to his door. It was closed, but not locked, she soon found, as her cau- tious fingers slowly turned the knob. Now, as she opened the door a little way, her heart jumped at the sound of the rusty hinges creaking.  But Bridger, sound asleep on the bed, did not wake. Through the curtainless, wide-open windows, the newly risen moon, round and bright, poured a flood