EIGHT SPOT 89    Wren's ministrations. In the case of these four he could serve only as coroner.  The story of their capture and anni- hilation was briefly told. North of Buffalo Run, Riley Jones and Bing Noddy had spied, hailed and chal- lenged them. In the running fight which had ensued, as reinforcements swept up, the four bandits had been mown down. But not a one of them had spoken before he died; there was yet no clue to Sally's fate.  With a rising fever, Jack Williams tried to sit up, demanding news of the girl he loved.  "I'll give yuh a shot of the needle," Doc Wren threatened. "I told yuh that girl could fend for herself."  Dizzily Jack heaved himself up from his bunk.  "Grab 'im. He'll kill himself!" one of the boys exclaimed.  "I'm goin'--goin'--to find her," Jack insisted.  "Hombre, yo're goin' to sleep," was the physician's reply.  Prompt in an emergency, Doc Wren drove his hypodermic needle hard into Jack's shoulder, while several cow- hands held the man and forced him back onto the blankets. Quickly, be- cause of his feeble condition, the nar- cotic took effect. He lay presently in merciful unconsciousness.  "We will now, gents," the doctor re- marked, imperturbable as ever, "per- ceed to view the remains. You, Bart," he spoke to the saloonkeeper, "turn out their pockets. And you, Brother Titus, bein' a hand at figgers, make a list o' what yuh find on ary corpse, letterin' 'em A, B, C an' D."  Sheriff Arp, who had been back and forth to the ranch house restlessly, sud- denly appeared in the door. "They did get those gov'ment bonds," was his sudden announcement.  Somebody, indeed, had purloined the bonds somehow. The drawer in the safe which served as strong box, and which had been locked tight at the dis- covery of the murder the night before,     was now slightly open--and empty. It had not been jimmied or blown loose. Someone had got hold of the dial com- bination and placidly helped himself.  "One o' these fellers could've sneaked back, mebbe," Riley Jones suggested, pointing to the grim rank of corpses. "He might've got the com- bination--" he broke off to look ner- vously at the heavily slumbering fore- man, then went on--"from--from Sally!"  "The rat!" cursed a dozen.  "Turn 'em inside out, Bart," croaked the sheriff. "One of 'em'll have the papers on him. He prob'ly thought he'd made a good haul."  Bing Noddy suggested, "Hard to cash where he's at."  Blue Bart and Titus rapidly went over the bodies.  There was a considerable sum of loose cash, several hundred dollars in bank notes and silver and gold pieces. But on none of the thieves was there any trace of a negotiable government bond. For the rest there was only the useless collection of junk which men are accustomed to carry in their pockets: knives, a rabbit's foot, a cou- ple of horsehair fobs, various scraps of paper, tobacco sacks, sulphur matches, girls' pictures, a sentimental piece of poetry. Only a single postcard, taken from the body of the biggest bandit, offered anything which might be even remotely considered to promise any lead.  The postcard read, on the address side: "Mr. Chris Cathcart, Oklahoma City, Okla." The message on the other side was printed out; an ordinary enough message in any cattle country.   Take it easy. There are no box cars ready for movement to El Paso now. Road not open yet. Get beef here before a week from next Saturday and there won't be no great hurry. Make deal by barter or trade of two for one.  Innocent looking as the card was, the sheriff and the rest stared at this thing till they were dizzy.  "Anybody might've sent it. An' it