PHANTOM GUNMAN 107    Slowly his fury evaporated and changed to fear.  A sleepy crowd began to gather. "What's all the shootin'?" asked some- one.  "Nothin' I can't handle," shouted Lucas. "Go back to bed!"  That was the beginning of uneasi- ness in the Big Three spread. Monk Ferrel, who stood third on that kill- ers' list, went about with guns and nerves at hairtrigger tension. Capper Munn threw guards about the town to stop everyone after nightfall and put Ferrel in charge of things generally.  Crease Walden jeered. "Foolishness! Norwalk drilled Stark, the buyer got Loring and we got both of them. The paper's from the same fool joker. Stark and Loring bein' in on the Cranford killin' with us is just a co- incidence."  "Coincidence hell!" growled ferret- like Capper. "That paper was posted two minutes after Loring died--and his name was crossed off. I tell yuh there's somebody after us, a sort of phantom gunman--Jim Cranford, or somebody posin' as him."  "Not Jim Cranford, damn yuh!" shouted Lucas in swift fury. "I saw him die!"  "Keep yore head, Sid," advised Crease. "If yuh hadn't flew off the handle and gunned Thomas so quick, we mighta checked him up."  "Whoever it is, we got to get him or he'll get us!" finished Capper. "And I'm watchin' every bet!"  Capper had spies out through the county. He even sent men to track down the road agents. Election Day was drawing near, with the sheriff's office falling vacant. Capper sent for the candidate opposing Lucas, a griz- zled nester, and spoke very forcefully; the nester withdrew from the run- ning. Unopposed for the office, Lucas would have a walkaway.  Capper also sent for Lafe Jennings. "Yuh used to come to town once a month; now it's every day or so. What's the idea?"     "Maybe fer a look at the tall build- ings," replied Lafe airily.  "Can the wisecracks, puncher!" snarled Capper. "We've got no use for yuh. Take a tip and stay out of Sterl- ing from now on!" The old Cranford ex-foreman had to obey.  Capper overlooked no possibility; he even wrote to a nation-wide detec- tive agency, enclosing a check and an old photograph of Jim Cranford. Meanwhile, Crease scoffed and Lucas was busy elsewhere with Grace Lee.  Three days before election Lucas swaggered into the saloon, cuffed Whisperin' good humoredly, slapped Ferrel on the back and cried to the bartender to set up the house. Crease understood the reason for this out- burst; he had seen Lucas kiss Grace publicly in parting, watched her walk away now, tight-lipped, her head held high. Grace had agreed to marry Lucas.  "Does she love yuh fer yore looks or yore disposition?" drawled Capper.  "She hates me, I reckon." Lucas drank and laughed. "But she's marryin' me just the same!" His brutal face was aglow with wolfish triumph. "That's why I drygulched Cranford; that's why I throwed in with yuh--to get her! And fer the girl I'd do it again, phantom and all!"  That night the phantom struck again.  AT midnight Ferrel started out to inspect the outposts. He walked from the Diamond Saloon toward the southern edge of town--a distance of three hundred yards, with guards stationed at both places. There was only starlight. Ferrel had gone down the dark street about halfway when shots rang out--then a cry.  They found Ferrel stretched in the roadway, his unfired gun in his hand. His animal-like face was ghastly, but he was not yet dead. He seized Crease's arm with a convulsive grip and gasped, "Cranford! It's Jim Cran- ford!"  It was too dark there to discern