What do you want to know about Fish, fishing tackle and fishing? Game birds and animals? Arms and ammunition, and hunting? Camping and camping equipment? Dogs? Motor boats? Whatever you want to know, all you need to do is ask Field &amp; Stream 9 DEPARTMENTS, each in charge of an outstanding authority. Every one of these men has had years of training and experi- ence in his particular field; every one of them is at your service, glad to give you any information and advice you ask for, if you are a Field &amp; Stream reader. For instance: The "Arms and Ammunition" Department is edited by Capt. Paul A. Curtis, internationally recognized as an authority on American shot- guns, rifles, pistols and revolvers, and their ammunition. The "Fish and Fishing" Depart- ment is edited by Seth Briggs, equally famous as an authority on all kinds of fresh and salt water fishing and on the proper tackle for each kind, and its care and use. Get a copy of Field &amp; Stream today from any newsdealer and look over these departments. At the beginning of each one are directions telling you what to do to get the information you want free of charge. This service can easily be worth to you fifty times the cost of the copy. Besides these departments you will find a dozen articles about hunting and fish- ing of many different kinds and in many different places--several hours of the most fascinating reading you could possibly ask for. Get a copy today-- any newsdealer      LEARN RADIO-TELEVISION IN LOS ANGELES TALKING PICTURES AND ELECTRICITY In just a few years, Radio has be come one of the world's leading Industries. Talk-ing pictures have brought new life and opportunity to the Movies. Now Tele- vision is here with a promise of growth and activity so great it cannot be esti- mated. Come to Los Angeles and learn these fascinating Trades. Times are getting better. Tne worst of the depression is over. Thousands of new jobs will call for trained men. Special New Course- Radio Broadcast Technican Given to students who enroll immediately. We broadcast over our own stations. EARN Room and Board 75% of our students are earning their living expenses while attending school now. We help you get a job. If you are short of money. write and explain your problem. We also allow your Coach Railroad Fare to Los Angeles. Send for Free Book   I NATIONAL RADIO &amp; ELECTRICAL SCHOOl, Dept. NG-9. 4006 So. Figueroa St., Los Angeles, Calif. Please send me your big Free Book on Television, Talking Pictures, Radio and Electricity. Name Address City.....State.....     DEAFNESS IS MISERY Many people with defective hearing and Head Noises enjoy conversation, go to Theatre and Church because they use Leonard Invisible Ear Drums which resemble Tiny Megaphones fitting in the Ear entirely out of sight. No wires, batteries or head piece. They are inexpensive. Write for booklet and sworn statement of the inventor who was himself deaf. [] 0. LEONARD. Inc,. Suite 844, 70 5th Ave., New York   Be A Detective Make Secret Investigations Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. Fascinating work. Experience unnecessary. DETECTIVE Particulars FREE, Write NOW to GEO. N. A. WAGNER, 2640 Broadway, N. Y.   STORIES for Talkies Magazines Accepted in any form for development, revision, copyright and submission to studios and publishers. Established 1917. Location and exceptional facilities make our SERVICE MOST ADVANTAGEOUS. Sales dept, on commission basis. FREE BOOKLET gives full particulars. UNIVERSAL SCENARIO COMPANY 404 Meyer Building, Western &amp; Sierra Vista, Hollywood, Cal.   U. S, GOVERNMENT JOBS $1260 to $3400 year MEN--WOMEN 18 to 50. Common Education usually sufficient. Short hours. Write immediately for free 32-page book, with list of future positions and full particulars telling how to get them. FRANKLIN INSTITUTE Dept. M272 Rochester, N.Y.   LAW STUDY AT HOME Legally trained men win high posi- tions and big success in business and public life. Be independent. Greater opportunties now than ever before. Big corporations are headed by men with legal training. Earn $5,000 to $10,000 Annually We guide you step by step. You can train at home during your spare time. Degree of LL. B. con- ferred. Successful graduates in every section of the United States. We furnish all text materials including fourteen-volume Law Library. Low cost easy terms. Get our valuable 64-page "Law Guide" and "Evidence" book Free. Send for them Now. LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 975-L, Chicago The World's Largest Business Training Institution   Please mention Newsstand Group when answering advertisements