FIRE FRENZY 131   "What are you going to do?" Kay demanded.  "Much as I'd like to, I can't kill this cowardly coyote in cold blood, if he hasn't harmed you; and I'm not going to drag him to the sheriff to have this noised about the range. So I'm going to give him a second lesson he won't forget; and if he ever shows up on the range again, I will kill him!"  "No--no!" Kay cried in a terror- stricken voice. "Leave him bound and let's go!"  Without appearing to hear her, Ted stepped swiftly away and called con- temptuously to Scrap Johnson.  "That's only a slip noose; get your- self free and come and take your les- son."  A look of mingled surprise and elation gleamed in Scrap Johnson's eyes as he strained against the ropes and felt them give. Shaking himself loose, he crouched for a moment, then made a rush for Ted, all the fury of his former defeat in the attack he launched at him.  It seemed to Kay that it was hours instead of seconds that, with her heart in her mouth, she watched the struggle between the two men. Both were slight in build, though Scrap Johnson had a decided advantage in weight and gen- eral physical fitness. The outraged fury at the indignity that had been put on Kay, however, added an invincible fury to Ted's attack, that far outweighed any mere physical advantage of the other.  Sidestepping his opponent's fist- swinging rush, Ted came back at him with a blow that sent him staggering backwards. When Johnson recovered his balance, he lowered his head with a roar of rage and butted it into Ted's stomach like a battering ram. But Ted countered with a swinging uppercut that found its mark, in spite of the pain- ful contraction of his muscles at the foul blow.  Ted followed up his advantage like one possessed, as he landed one punish- ing blow after another, finally forcing his antagonist to his knees. Panting and blinking the sweat out of his eyes,     he drew back, and as Scrap Johnson struggled to his feet and lunged for him, Ted planted a knockout blow on the man's chin that snapped his head back with a sickening twist. With a groan he toppled to the ground and lay still.  Kay let out a long quivering breath, as Ted stood panting for a moment; then he walked over to her and took back the gun from her trembling hand.  "It'll be some time before he comes to." In spite of his effort to steady it, his voice showed the effect of the emo- tional and physical ordeal he had just been through. "The sooner we get off the better. Unless I miss my guess, he'll vamoose from this range without too much boasting about this after- noon's doings."  He slipped the gun in his holster and stepped over to Scrap Johnson's horse, which was patiently waiting at some distance from the late fray, his reins over his neck. Picking up the reins, Ted hung them over the pommel of the saddle, then, giving him a sharp blow on the flank, he stampeded him off across the mesa.  "That bird can walk; it will do him good and work out his stiffness," he observed grimly, glancing at the uncon- scious figure on the ground as he came back to Kay. "How about our getting under way?"  "Ted -- wait!" Kay's eyes were enormous with the force of an idea that she was struggling with. "That man has the option on our timberland, right there in his pocket!"  Ted stared at her in bewilderment. Was her mind giving under the strain?  "No, he hasn't, Kay," he soothed, as he led his horse over to her. "I'll tell you about that on the way home."  "But he has!" Kay declared passion- ately, gazing with a fascinated horror at the inert figure stretched on the mesa. "He got it by trickery, and if you won't take it way from him, I'm going to!"  "Wait a minute!" Ted seized both her hands in one of his, as he fumbled with the other for a paper in his pocket.