EIGHT SPOT 85   "Well, they've come now," Jack ex- pressed the obvious.  "An' gone," said Noddy.  "But not," Jack pointed with a fin- ger, "with everything they were look- ing for." He was indicating the face of a flat drawer, the strong box, set into the center of the wide-open safe. That drawer, operated by a small dial com- bination lock, remained flush and un- opened. "They either didn't know that the ole man cached his government bonds there," Jack continued, "or else couldn't get at 'em." He turned to Sally. "You have the combination?" For all the grisly situation there was the sense of the lift of relief within him. Sally's body was safe; her future financially provided for.  The girl nodded. Then she spoke for the first time, as she turned back towards her bedroom. "I'm dressing. We'll all be riding," was all she said.  Sally was the authority now. Si- lently the cowhands streamed out to catch up their broncos.  A milky line of dawn across the east heralded a sunless morning as they started out. Guns loose in their leath- ers, loaded cartridge belts sagging on their thighs, the Rail Fence men fanned out in a general northerly di- rection. There was the best cover, a gaunt wilderness country, mountain- ous and arid save for the winding flow of the stream known as Buffalo Run. This creek, cutting often through deep canyons, was impossible to follow con- tinuously; but Jack Williams had the wise idea that the murderers would not stray too far from the stream's general course. They and their mounts would often need water, not the easiest thing to come by in this rugged country.  Sally and her foreman held the cen- ter of the fan-shaped formation. The others were lined out at about quarter- mile intervals. In that rugged terrain few were in sight of each other at any one time; but it had been agreed that a quick double shot should be the sig- nal to rally.  The girl, on a pale gray mustang,     a handy chunk called Ghost, rode reck- lessly. They were in a big loop of the river now, working downhill towards a deep cut. In the flat, cold light of the morning they could distinguish fresh hoofprints now and then, though the ground was mostly too stony to carry visible trace. But lower down, towards the edge of the stream, a dis- tinct trail evidenced itself. The way was narrowly hemmed in by tumbled boulders; if the killers had planned a trap--  It was not a pistol shot which crashed against Jack Williams' head, but a jagged rock thrown deftly.  Sally, two rods ahead, heard the thump of the missile and reined back. She saw Jack sway in his saddle and smash against a bulging rock--not thrown, but balancing dizzily.  Ghost was yanked around, rearing. His forefeet struck and scraped on the rocks as he tried desperately to turn in that narrow compass. Sally, leaning far forward to preserve balance, had her revolver cramped between thigh and saddle horn. She could not jerk it loose, even though a man's figure rose on a stony shelf almost directly above her. So the noose of a lariat, dropped rather than thrown, clamped her elbows to her body and whipped her up out of the saddle. She felt her ribs crushed in as if caught in a chain tourniquet. Then pain blanked out her consciousness.  NAUSEATED and bruised, Sally woke to find herself helplessly baled up. She could move her body from the waist up, though the stabbing pain of bruised ribs tortured her if she stirred a muscle. Any other movement was effectively prevented, though, for her hands were securely lashed to her own belt buckle in front of her, and her overalled legs had the feel of being bound together tight at the knees.  From as much as she could perceive she was able to gather only that she must be somewhere at the back of a cave; the dim ruddiness of firelight