148 RANCH ROMANCES    key tricks with me!" His voice was thick with rage and passion, as he held Kay's shoulders in an iron grip and bent his face close to hers. "You'd bet- ter learn it now! Because I mean to marry you, you little spitfire!"  Regardless of Kay's blazing eyes and her choked "Let me go!" as she writhed in his grasp, he kissed her again; then he sprang into his saddle and galloped off without a backward look. Panting and trembling with fury, Kay watched him go, her mind seething with the outrage. It had all taken place in such a fraction of a sec- ond, that she could hardly believe that it had happened at all.  With a gasp of disgust, she wiped the back of her hand across her lips, and clenched her fist as she gazed after the retreating figure in the moonlight. Much as she had disliked Josh Hast- ings, she had never thought to be on her guard against a thing like this! Why, he was old enough to be her father! She grabbed her handkerchief and scrubbed her lips as though to cleanse them of his polluting touch.  Marry him! A shudder ran through her, and a weak, helpless feeling of dread laid a cold clutch on her heart. Suddenly she felt utterly defenseless and alone. Whom could she turn to? Aunt Kate and Babs were completely under Josh Hastings' spell; she could expect no help from them. And if Ted failed her. . . .  Josh Hastings' insinuating story flashed in her mind, and in spite of her disbelief she found herself going over it bit by bit.  Even if the worst inferences about the girl were false, Ted had probably been involved in some way with her. And there was that other rumor about the dark-haired girl he had fought over, that very day when he had later come so splendidly to her rescue.  Kay straightened up suddenly and walked quickly back to the cabin, her head proudly high, though her breath still came in quick, uneven jerks. It was certainly nothing to her how many     girls Ted had! All she wanted him to come back for was to build her house and barn for her!  Memory of Josh Hastings' kiss flashed over her again. Running up the steps of her cabin, she hastily lit a candle and flung herself down at her father's desk. Something in its very solidity and the associations that clung around it gave her a comforting sense of strength.  "He thinks he's going to marry me, does he?" Kay savagely pulled open a drawer and took out some paper. "We'll see about that!"  She scribbled a note to Aunt Kate, saying that she was going to send over for them the next afternoon. They could have her cabin, and she could sleep outside in her sleeping bag. Sign- ing it without further explanation, she left it on her desk, so that she could give it to one of the boys to take over the first thing in the morning. Then, with the same feverish haste, she undressed and flung herself into bed.  After a restless night of both wak- ing and sleeping nightmares, Kay was out at the crack of dawn, and over at the bunkhouse with her note. When she had actually dispatched Shorty with the summons to her family to leave the Flying Six, she felt better. By the time breakfast was over, she had persuaded herself that Josh Has- tings had made up that story out of whole cloth, for the sole purpose of damaging Ted in her eyes.  "When Ted comes back, I'm going to tell him the whole thing," she re- solved, as she made her way over to the bunkhouse to consult Seth about getting another cot put up in her cabin.  It was nearly ten o'clock before Shorty came back from the Flying Six. Kay hastily tore open the note he handed her, addressed in her aunt's cramped, old-fashioned handwriting. A slow color rose in her cheeks as she read it through and then started it over again. She was suddenly aware of Shorty's eyes on her, and, biting her