44 RANCH ROMANCES   "I am hungry," admitted Loma. "This will be fun."  Together they cooked the meal and ate it. Not a great deal was said. A strange, thrilling constraint lay between them. It was as if both were unwill- ing to trust their emotions. Fate, chance, or something of the sort, was drawing the lives of these two young people closer and closer together, welding them in bonds of mutual regard and affection. Both realized this, and a gentle shyness blanketed them.  They were still silent as they rode away toward the Bar C 88, but it was a silence in which both were, queerly enough, content. Not until they had crossed the ridge between the two val- leys and were on the fringe of the open country beyond, did Link speak. He had reined in and was staring out to where the Bar C 88 buildings stood.  "Yuh better go on foot from here," he decided. "Everythin' seems quiet enough. An' when yuh get there, jest flash a light twice from a window on this side. That'll tell me yuh got there safe."  He wanted to say something more, something that wasn't so matter-of-fact, but for some reason the words would not come. The same constraint lay over his companion.  "Good night, Link," she said quietly.  Loma slipped to the ground and hur- ried off, disappearing in the haze. Link dismounted and squatted on his heels, rolling a cigarette. Not a sound came to him from the buildings and, after a little time, a light flickered twice through the night. He nodded and stood up, as though to mount. But he shook his head slowly.  "No," he muttered. "Yuh stay right here, Link Sanderson, until yuh see that crowd of polecats move out. Mebbe that dirty rat of a Texas Jack put over his argument with Coburn about takin' Loma with 'em. I'm stayin' until I'm shore of it."  And stay he did, sitting with his back against the bole of a huge sugar pine, waiting with the patience of an Indian     while the day slowly grew out of the night and the dawn began dissipating the mists. He saw the renegade riders of the Bar C 88 rise and go about their preparations.  And finally he saw them leave, riding south along the center of the valley. When they had disappeared with Texas Jack in their midst, Link rose stiffly, mounted and cut back over the ridge towards home.  CHAPTER VIII Coburn's Raid  ALL day long the renegade riders of the Bar C 88 worked feverishly. The cattle they had bunched in the val- ley the previous day had scattered some, but not badly. These were once more bunched and started moving towards the lower end of the valley. Leaving them in the care of three of his men, Coburn sent the rest into the timber again to pick up any stragglers that had been overlooked the day before.  "This is our last big chance at the gravy," he growled. "We don't want to overlook any of it."  There was no complaint from the rid- ers. The more cattle they threw into this rustled herd, the bigger their cut of the profits would be, so they spared neither themselves nor their horses.  Coburn had collected a small remuda of saddle mounts and, as soon as any bronco showed signs of exhaustion, the rider would race in to the remuda and pick a fresh horse. These men, despite the crooked twist in their make-up, were top-hands every one--men who knew their business--and there was nothing overlooked.  Coburn detailed himself and Texas Jack as guards. He selected, as his own point of outlook, a spot on too of the dividing ridge between the Bar C 88 and the Quarter Circle S ranges. From this spot, by the aid of a pair of field- glasses, he could scrutinize all that went on at the Sanderson ranch. But he could find no evidence of untoward activity