PHANTOM GUNMAN 111   Lafe Jennings burst into the saloon and at the sight of him Jim grinned and put his guns away. The two com- pared watches. "We came about twenty seconds late," said Lafe.  "Close enough," laughed Jim.  "Yo're bleedin', boy!" cried the old ex-foreman.  "A scratch! Bullet raked my ribs," said Jim. He took a glass of whiskey from the trembling bartender and dashed it on the wound. "Stay here in charge, Lafe. I'll tend to the rest."  As Jim started away Lucas opened his eyes and called faintly. Jim went to the ex-sheriff's side. He stooped down and Lucas ran exploring fingers over his arm. "Don't savvy this, but reckon . . . yo're real, Jim. Mind shak- in' hands?"  Jim pressed the hand in silence. "Reckon yuh win everything . . . girl and all!" said Lucas. "Well, I'd ... do it . . . all over again!" His breathing rattled. Then his defiant grin became fixed and his head fell back.  Jim laid the body down and went outside. He gave orders to Lafe's men, sent part of them to lock up the prisoners. Gradually the group dis- persed and Jim was left alone beside a glaring bonfire.  Then a slim, white-clad figure came out of the darkness toward him. It was Grace Lee, who had been waiting. She approached slowly, peering at his face--at his straight nose and flat cheeks and thin lips, and the fine scar lines at the edge of his jaw. A de- spairing sob burst from her quivering lips. "No, no. it can't be!" As she came a step closer and he faced toward the fire, suddenly her violet eyes bright- ened. She gasped. "Jim Cranford's eyes! Why--"  Jim asked in his deep, mellow voice, "Grace, don't you know me?"  The next moment Grace was in his arms, her arms about his neck. "Jim! Jim! You've come back! I thought you were dead!"  Jim held her close. "Come," he said gently. "I'll take yuh home."  Meanwhile at the saloon the bodies had been taken away, and Lafe, with several men, stood guard outside. The loungers gathered at the bar, talking excitedly. How could that be Jim Cranford? Cranford didn't look any- thing like this hombre!  The bartender said, "Here's Capper's mail. He'll never need it now." He opened the envelopes to find a couple of circulars. Then at the sight of a letter, he stiffened. "Get this, boys!" he cried, while the others closed around.  REPORT ON JAMES CRANFORD.  Dear Mr. Munn: We finally traced James Cranford to the Mountain City Hospital. He arrived there last April, suffering from several broken ribs and a broken arm, his face terribly smashed and infected. He ex- plained he had fallen over a cliff, landing by chance on a ledge part way down the side, which saved his life. Afterwards he had drifted downstream on a raft until rescued by cowboys.  After Cranford was out of danger several operations were performed on his face, plastic surgery being used to remedy his disfigurement. It was highly successful. When the plastic surgery  was finished, Cranford had a new face --even, well proportioned features in place of his former irregular ones, and only a few very faint scars showed. After a four-month stay, when Cran- ford was about to leave the hospital, he asked the chief surgeon, "Would folks who knew me all my life ever recognize me now?"  "Not a chance," declared the surgeon. "We'll see," said Cranford, as he went away. We believe that Cranford, posing as a stranger, is now in your very midst, unrecognized.  We enclose a photograph from the hospital records of James Cranford as he appears now.  Respectfully, STANDARD DETECTIVE AGENCY.  The bartender laid down the letter that had been read too late, and stared at the photograph. "So the whisperin' roustabout I've been orderin' around was really Jim Cranford!"  THE next night Grace and Jim were on the Lee ranch house porch under the moon. "After that plastic surgery I couldn't be recognized ex-