62 RANCH ROMANCES    command the horses sprang forward, and they raced past the demoralized sentinel who was battering vainly on the jail door. On into the sleeping town they went, where lights already were beginning to spring up. Dogs were barking wildly, clamor and confusion coming to light everywhere.  The maudlin condition of the relief sentinel had saved them from any bul- lets from his gun. But now, as they thundered through the town, more than one rifle snarled, more than one bullet sung past them. The detail of soldiers would, of course, gallop to the jail first, and would undoubtedly have sense enough to realize that the three on horseback would make for the south exit, since they had been cut off from the north.  Molly felt thankful when they were past the clamor of the village. Somehow she didn't mind the bullets as much as she minded the wild barking of the dogs. There was something sinister in their chorus, as though they presaged certain death.  At the furious pace they were keep- ing, it did not take them long to arrive at the second exit. Prehistoric forces had torn a gaping rent in the mountain. If that rent had been deeper a river would have flowed into the valley, would have made a lake where the town lay now. But the rent was not deep enough and the river outside the pass shouldered close by it, cutting off all exit except for the bridge, ramshackle and so narrow horses must pass over it in defile.  The walls of the river pitched sheer down on the town side; opposite, fifty yards beyond the bridge, was a place where a horse might scramble out.  They thundered across, but on the other bank Kit Bridger paused. Molly and Lin Derry watched him with anx- ious curiosity.  "Hell!" snarled Lin Derry. "What yuh hangin' round here for? Yznaga's men will be on that bridge in a few minutes! It's bad enough for yuh to have dragged a girl like Molly into this,     without riskin' her life any more than yuh can help!"  "Lin!" cried Molly angrily. "Let me tell yuh--!"  But Kit Bridger cut them both off short. "Leave him alone, Molly! What difference does it make what he thinks? I want yore riatas--or wait! I want yore horse. This one I'm ridin' has speed, plenty of it, but I'll need my stallion's strength for what I'm goin' to do.  "Give me the riata on yore saddle, Derry--and the one from yores Molly," he added, for they had now exchanged horses. "That gives me three. I think I can swing what I'm after. Now, Molly, yuh promised to obey orders! Beat it, you and Lin!"  "Oh, Kit!" wailed the girl. "I'd rather--"  "Damn yuh!" almost snarled Kit Bridger. "Will yuh go!"  She turned and galloped away, the rhythm of her horse's feet mingling with her sobbing. Galloping alongside of her, Lin Derry gazed at her, his hate of Kit Bridger deepening with every moment. That Bridger had saved him only made things much worse. He would not dare to quarrel again with Kit Bridger.  Lin Derry felt no hell could be worse than posing as grateful to the man he wanted to kill. And yet such a pose he would be forced to keep.  They were topping a small rise now. Disobedient, Molly halted and looked back. Her face went white. She gasped, "Lin! Look! He's gone back over the bridge! Oh, God! Lin, what's he do- ing?"  Unwillingly enough, Lin Derry halted beside her. They both wheeled their horses and sat, looking toward the river.  "I know what he's doin'," growled Lin. "The supports on the town side of that bridge are rotten. Ace is as strong as two ordinary horses. This fellow Bridger is aimin' to drag the main sup- port out from under the bridge, and wreck it."  "He mustn't! He shan't stop there!"