FIRE FRENZY 139    unfasten that belt of yours and toss it over here?"  "You'll pay for this good and plenty," Josh Hastings raged, as he obeyed.  "I'm not sticking around to make any payments," Scrap observed. He stooped to pick up the belt with its holster and gun attached, with his left hand, never taking his eyes from Josh Hastings, however, or shifting his aim.  Hooking the belt over his arm, Scrap reached over and grabbed the bridle of his victim's mount.  "Get down!" he ordered, his gun un- erringly trained on his former boss. "Now, vamoose yourself," he ended ferociously, when this last command had been obeyed. "You can have that hike back instead of me!"  As Josh Hastings hesitated, Scrap shifted his aim the fraction of an inch, and fired a shot that nipped the brim of his victim's Stetson, thus sending it spinning to the ground.  Without waiting for a further re- minder, Josh Hastings turned away and headed for the Flying Six, spluttering with inarticulate rage. After watching him for a second, Scrap Johnson swung into the saddle and headed at a gallop for the distant blue ridges of the Bitter Root Mountains.  CHAPTER XVIII A Gruesome Discovery  BY the time Josh Hastings reached home, his rage was no longer in- articulate, but it was none the less in- tense. In the two hours during which he had indulged in the unaccustomed exercise of trudging painfully across tho hard sun-baked surface of the range, he had had plenty of time to face the bitter truth that he had been made a fool of not only by his former cowhand, but by Kay Crandon as well.  Just when he had seemingly had everything in his own hands, the tables had been turned, and he was now ap- parently farther than ever from accom- plishing his ends. The appearance of Ted Gaynor on the scene particularly     enraged him, and the taunting hints that Scrap Johnson had thrown out about his being Kay's "boy friend," made him see red.  The thought of any rival was intoler- able, but the idea that the man whom he believed he had put down once and for all in the past should come back to challenge him was an added outrage. With this thought and fury at Scrap Johnson alternately uppermost in his mind, Josh Hastings found himself cherishing two distinct plans of re- venge.  First of all, he meant to make his former puncher pay through the nose for his insolence, and his plan here was definite and drastic, although it had to be handled with care. He had no idea of telling the whole story of his plight, and being the laughing stock of the range; so this prevented him from call- ing the sheriff to his aid, and following Scrap Johnson up with a posse.  He had a hunch that Scrap was headed for the Idaho state line, and that he planned to make his getaway over the only pass that led over the Bitter Root from this region.  If he followed right after him, there was a good chance of overtaking him. Scrap Johnson would be pretty sure to figure that his one-time boss would rather lose his mount and call it quits on the situation, than let the story leak out of the fix his cowhand had landed him in. Therefore, he wouldn't feel pressed for time, and it would be a fairly easy matter to catch up with him.  "And there won't be any doubt about who'll have the drop this time!" Josh Hastings' thought voiced itself aloud, with a malignant intensity of tone that boded ill for Scrap Johnson when that moment should come.  He stooped down to ease the heel of his boot, then limped along with a groan.  "He'll pay for that damn blister, too," he muttered savagely, as he forged ahead, his eyes squinting into the dis- tance for a glimpse of the scattered buildings of the Flying Six.