30 RANCH ROMANCES    himself he munched a cold flapjack or two.  About mid-afternoon he struck the town of Buckeye. It was a ramshackle, raw-boarded sort of place, spraddled around a single dusty street. Link halted and dismounted at a building before which several saddle animals were tethered. A sign over the door identified the place as being the "Sunset Saloon."  Link entered casually, leaned on the bar and had a glass of none too cold beer. While he drank this he looked around. Five men sat at a card table, engrossed in draw poker.  One of them, dressed in store clothes, with a pallid, sphinx-like face, Link identified as a professional gambler. The other four were riders, clad in range togs. One of these four was patently younger than the others--a boy of little more than twenty, so Link judged. Also, in addition to being young, this player was far from sober.  Not a bad-looking youngster, Link de- cided, with his smooth, brown cheeks, curly yellow hair and blue eyes--eyes that were hot and bloodshot now, though. His mouth and chin were not as much weak as they were wilful.  The young rider had just lost another pot, which the gambler was impassively raking in. The boy swore, reaching down in his jeans for more money.  "Damn it!" he growled, his voice thick from the liquor he had imbibed. "Ain't there a hand I can hold that'll win? I had a queen high straight that time an' it wasn't worth shucks. Smythe, yuh shore yo're dealin' 'em straight up?"  At this Link saw the gambler stiffen, while he stared at the boy with cold, unwinking eyes. His right hand started stealing inside the left flap of his black coat. Link dropped his hand to his own gun and was about to say something, when the player next to Smythe, a coarse-featured, dark-browed individual, jabbed the gambler with his elbow.  "Forget it," he growled, with what was meant for a conciliatory smile.     "Don't pay no attention to Johnny. He's jest kid enough to say more than he means. Besides, it's the liquor in him talkin'. An' his luck has been lousy. He ain't won a single pot. Me, I'd be sore, too. But his luck'll change pretty quick. Deal 'em up, Pasco."  Link, watching closely, saw the speak- er's left eyelid droop ever so little, and the gambler relaxed. "Okeh," he said thinly. "But don't make any more cracks like that, Bidwell. I deal cards on the square."  The tension died away and the game went on. Link turned to see the bar- tender, a fat, red-faced, sulky-looking sort, eyeing him speculatively. Link laughed softly.  "Seemed for a minute like there mighta been fireworks," he drawled.  ‘An' a lot of 'em would have been comin' yore way, amigo, had yuh gone ahaid an' butted in like yuh made the move to do," grunted the dispenser of drinks. "Yo're a stranger, so I'll give yuh a little tip. Buckeye is one hell of a good town to mind yore own business in."  A chill spark came into Link's clear, gray eyes, though his smile still lin- gered. "So-o? Mebbe yo're right," he protested mildly. "But the kid is half drunk. An' I never did cotton to seein' somebody sneak a gun on a half-drunk kid. Least of all some tinhorn gambler. Don't worry yoreself over me, feller. I cut my eye-teeth quite some time back."  The bartender, chilled clear to his heels by that spark in Link's eye, sub- sided and began polishing glasses indus- triously. Link hitched up his belt and strolled over to the card table, standing behind the boy's chair.  The boy looked up, met Link's friendly grin, and smiled in return. "Hi, stranger," he greeted. "Stick right where yuh are, will yuh? Mebbe yuh'll change my luck. Which it shore could stand."  "Mebbe I will," nodded Link. "I'll give yuh all the moral support I got."  That this arrangement was not en- tirely suitable to the other players,