110 RANCH ROMANCES    strange that this hard, desperate trio, who with their gang had terrorized the entire country, should themselves be terrorized in turn by one man!  Now the time was growing short and the three threw down their cards and lined up against the bar, facing the front door, guns ready. Crease peered out through a crack in the win- dow shade. The fires made it as bright as day outside; the gang crouched, ready. Whisperin' finished his task and went into the back room. The bar- tender stopped polishing the bar. Ex- cept for the hoarse breathing of the men and the tick of the clock, there was no sound in the room. It was nearly ten.  Crease's laugh grated in the silence. "Hell! We're a pack of fools! He won't come! How could he come?"  The clock struck--ten measured, clanging strokes. All eyes in the room stared at it as though fascinated. As the last stroke died away there was a breath of air, the ghost of a sound. They all spun around as one man.  At the back room door stood Whis- perin'. His even-featured face was tense and hard. His tinted glasses were off, and for the first time they really noticed his eyes--dark, keen, blazing. There were two gunbelts about his waist now, his hands tensed above the gun butts. He spoke in a deep, mellow voice that filled the room.  "Make yore play!"  It was a voice they all knew beyond any doubt--the voice of Jim Cranford. The Big Three stared.  This thing could not be. Jim Cran- ford, whom they had slain, could not be alive! Yet the man with the familiar face of Whisperin' had Jim Cranford's eyes, Jim Cranford's voice. Again he was talking, in tones that rang as hard as iron, "Make yore play, yuh murderin' coyotes. I'm Jim Cranford!"  Crease made the first break, lurch- ing sideways as he clawed for his holster. Jim Cranford's guns seemed to leap from their holsters like twin     striking snakes, and roared Walden's death song.  Capper was next in the line. He cleared leather, but before he could level his weapon, two slugs caught him in the chest, and he died without firing. Then Lucas--in the fraction of a second that had elapsed he had time to draw, but just as he pulled trigger, Cranford shot, and Lucas' convulsive grip sent his bullet wild. Lucas held himself erect with an arm across the bar and fired again. Cranford jerked and steadied, returned the fire with both guns, and Lucas went down.  Wisps of acrid gunsmoke curled upward. Cranford turned his blazing eyes on the bystanders as he waved them away from the door. They scut- tled like sheep into a far corner, huddled there harmlessly. Outside, the gang, amazed at the outburst of gun- fire in their midst, came from their hiding places and gathered at the front door.  There were shouts of "Capper! Lucas! What's wrong in there?"  A gunman opened the door, stared for a moment at the scene within, at his leaders stretched on the floor. With a gasp he reached toward his hip, but Cranford, guns levelled at his heart, cried, "Leave it there!" The man's fingers jerked away from his gun butt as though the touch burned him, and he slammed the door to.  Jim Cranford took the nickeled star off Lucas' shirt and pinned it to his own. "In the name of the law, throw down yore guns!" he cried. He levelled his guns at the closed door, ready for a rush. Outside, the leaderless ruffians whispered together, uncertain.  Suddenly a swarm of men swept out of the night upon them. A warning shot went over their heads, a cry rang out, "Throw 'em up pronto!" The tables were turned; the gangsters had been drawn from their hiding places, now stood outlined in the light of their own fires. Two or three resisted and were shot down; the rest of them surrendered without a struggle.