22 RANCH ROMANCES    find me pretty practical, I imagine. I haven't any time for such foolishness."  Mrs. Downs shrugged. "I've heard that story before, my dear. When the right man comes along--well, wait and see."  "You're exaggerating terribly," pro- tested Loma. "I haven't seen any of them yet who appeared greatly taken. Consider Dopey, that wretch who scrubbed out the house for me. I'm quite sure he'll hate me for the rest of my life. I bossed him dreadfully."  "I know one of them who is badly struck, right now," teased Mrs. Downs. "When some young man confides to me that a certain girl's eyes are bluer than he ever thought eyes could be, and added that those same eyes turned a smoky violet when their owner became angry--why I'd say that young man was quite impressed."  Loma's color deepened and she changed the subject. "I'm starving. Let's get something to eat."  By the time the meal was finished, the two of them were very good friends indeed. The straightforwardness of the elder woman, wholesome and cheery, Loma found very stimulating and full of comfort.  They had finished their meal and were sitting quietly talking, when a raucous yell of rage and anger sounded down by the corrals. It cut through the peaceful moment like the blood- hungry scream of some predatory animal, and the sound of it sent a chill up Loma's spine, while her cheeks paled.  "What is that?" she gasped.  Molly Downs had heard that sound before in her life and always it pre- saged violence and battle and sudden death. It was the voice of a man, gripped in insensate, killing rage. She did not answer Loma, but scuttled to the porch. Loma was right at her heels. Down by the corrals they saw the Bar C 88 riders grouped about a horse. Across the saddle hung a limp, ghastly figure, Molly Downs knew, and turned to shoo the girl back into the house.     But Loma's shoulders were straight and, though the pallor in her face had deepened, there was determination in the blue eyes that brooked no interfer- ence.  "I'm going down," she said quietly. "It must be one of my riders. I've got to know."  She approached the group, running. As she neared it, vicious, rage-filled curses seared her ears. It was Deuce Coburn who saw her first and snapped out a command that quieted the others. He turned and faced her.  "I wouldn't go no nearer, Miss Car- lyle," he said gruffly, his face flushed, his eyes flaming. "I'll tell yuh about it. It's Spider Glick, one of our boys."  "He--he's dead?" asked Loma.  "Yeah; daid as a mackerel. He's been shot. Somebody'll pay for this an' pay plenty. I got a hunch who's respon- sible. The boys are gonna back-track the hoss and find out. We'll make 'em plenty sick. They cain't get away with it."  "They? Whom do you mean?"  "Those damned Sandersons--father an' son," bit out Coburn. "They're overdue. We'll settle the whole argu- ment--now!"  He would have turned away, but Loma caught his arm.  "No!" she said spiritedly. "I'll have no feud talk. This is my ranch and what I say goes. You're not sure who did this, and you're not sure of the cir- cumstances. Any one of you who makes some move without my orders is discharged. I mean it."  Unconsciously, Loma had raised her voice, and it carried far. The group split open, as a short, wide, bowlegged rider pushed violently through. Loma's first impression was that she had never seen such a maddened, depraved-look- ing human before. He had feral eyes, set deep under a sloping, narrow brow, eyes that glinted as red as those of a weasel on the kill. Some heavy blow in the past had broken the fellow's nose, and it spread thick against his face, with pig-like, flaring nostrils.