130 RANCH ROMANCES    straight at him, without moving. All her will-power was shining in their hyp- notic depths, and in spite of himself Scrap Johnson gave an embarrassed laugh and took a backward step.  "If you'll cut these bonds and ride away from here"--Kay's voice was low and intent, as she held him with her gaze--"I'll agree to keep still about what's happened. That's your only chance to stay on this range and live."  For a moment he wavered; then, with a hoarse laugh, he stooped down beside her and put his arm around her.  "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush," he gloated, breathing heavily. His eyes avoided hers and focused on her lips, and Kay felt a sick rush of terror.  In their absorption, neither had heard the thud of distant hoofbeats, but now they both became aware of them. Drop- ping Kay with an oath, Scrap Johnson sprang to his feet and seized his gun. In the same instant Kay kicked out fiercely against his shins, her bound feet catching him unawares and throwing him off his balance. He crashed to the ground, his gun exploding harmlessly in the air.  Through the waves of blackness that assailed her, Kay heard the pounding of hoofs and Ted Gaynor's voice call- ing, "Lie still! If you move, you're a goner!"  Galvanized to life again by the mira- cle of hearing Ted's voice, Kay shrank away from the prone figure at her feet, that suddenly ceased struggling at the deadly threat behind Ted's command. With her heart in her throat, she turned and gazed at the oncoming figure of her rescuer.  CHAPTER XIV An Ultimatum  TAKING in the situation at a glance, Ted pulled his mount to a sliding stop and slipped off, his eyes fixed on Scrap Johnson, whom he held covered with the gun Kay had given him. A foot or two away from him, Scrap John-     son's gun lay where it had fallen, just out of reach, but dangerously near.  Ted shifted his aim for one fraction of a second from Scrap Johnson and sent a shot that shattered the gun to bits; then he covered the man on the ground again, before he had a chance to move.  "Get out of his reach, Kay," Ted called, without once taking his eyes off his victim. "I don't aim to have him try to use you as a shield!"  Without a word Kay obeyed, drag- ging herself well out of reach of Scrap Johnson, in case he should try any such desperate maneuver.  "Now, get up, you!"  It seemed to Kay that she had never heard such controlled fury in any hu- man voice. After a moment's hesita- tion, the Flying Six puncher rose to his feet.  "Pitch 'em, and keep 'em there!"  With a snarl he obeyed, and Kay glanced fearfully from one man to the other. What was to be the outcome of this encounter?  "Turn around!" Ted's voice rang out again, and, as his prisoner obeyed, he reached with his free hand for the rope on the pommel of his saddle.  Stepping swiftly over to Scrap John- son, Ted pressed his gun into his back, at the same time putting a loop around his raised hands. After he had jerked them down, he expertly trussed John- son's arms to his sides, then tripped him, and finished the job of hogtying him. Ted left him where he had dropped and strode over to Kay. With quick, clean cuts of his knife, he severed the ropes that bound her.  "Are you all right?" His breath came quickly, as he gazed with desperate anx- iety into Kay's eyes.  She nodded, a tremulous, reassuring smile on her lips. "Yes, thanks to you."  Ted handed her her father's gun that she had given him.  "Take this, and if anything happens to me, you can protect yourself. But nothing will happen." His voice still vibrated with the same deadly fury.