48 RANCH ROMANCES   Coburn tried the north flank then, figuring that if he could reach the tim- ber he could make a getaway. He lost another man at this, before the deadly accuracy of Jim Staley's Winchester. Another of Coburn's band, racing south, paralleling the creek, found himself cut off by the alert Shorty and Bob. He fought it out, cursing and des- perate.  Shorty went down, one side of his head gory. Bob Rennifer, with a whim- pering curse, tore down on the rustler, shooting at every jump of his horse. At two hundred yards he found the target and the rustler slumped. Then Bob whirled back to his partner. He choked out broken words of thanksgiving when he found that Shorty had merely been creased.  So far, Link had fired not a single shot. In fact, he had seen no one to shoot at. But he could chart the course of battle easily by the sound of the guns. He was especially gratified by the vol- ley that came from the willow-shrouded reaches of Salt Creek.  "That about settles it," he muttered. "It was the one big gamble of my play. If Sleepy hadn't been able to git Bid- well on the job, then our birds would shore enough have slid through to a getaway. As it is. ..."  His eyes smarted from the dust that billowed into the air in ever thickening clouds. The cattle were moiling and bawling in fright and confusion, yet their thirst was stronger than any mere fear of gunshots, and their prog- ress towards the water in Salt Creek was steady.  Abruptly the cattle split and through the dust came two riders, leaning far over and spurring madly. They did not see Link until they were within ten yards of him. One set his bronco to a rearing halt, the other swerving aside and pounding past. Both began shoot- ing.  Link's own gun winked back, in mea- sured reply. The rider who had halted went down in a welter of dust and hoofs. And Link, his left arm limp and     dead and bloody, whirled after the last fugitive.  It was Deuce Coburn, craven and ven- omous. Out of the dust thundered Link and Coburn, the latter some hundred yards in the lead. Link's face, white and drawn with pain, was nevertheless set in a mask of relentless iron, his eyes narrow and cold.  For a time Coburn held his own. But his mount was tired from the work of the day before and the all-night drive. Link's bronco was the stronger and be- gan cutting down the distance between them. Coburn spurred and quirted madly, but to no avail. With inexorable surety, Link drew up.  Coburn's face, looking back over his shoulder, was white and snarling. He began shooting, throwing shot after shot in a wild effort to stop this figure of retribution coming steadily on. Link held his fire, knowing he would need it later.  Something whisked Link's hat from his head, sending it spinning. He scarcely noticed it. And then he saw an amazing thing, one that sent a surge of disgust through him. Coburn dragged his badly blown horse to a stop, slid to the ground and stood there, his hands high over his head. Coburn had turned yellow--quit when a showdown was in- evitable.  Link reined in beside the craven, his gun bearing steadily on Coburn's heart.  "Don't shoot!" gasped Coburn. "For Gawd's sake, don't shoot! I quit. I give in. I'll get all the cattle back if yuh'll gimme a chance--just a chance to square myself, that's all I ask. Don't shoot!"  For the moment Link said nothing, though his tight lips curled in scorn. He heard other riders pounding towards him and a high-pitched yell told him it was his own men. José Salvatore and Jim Staley whirled up.  "Tie him up, Jim," snapped Link.  Coburn did not protest. He merely shook and whined, his last vestige of courage absolutely gone. By the time Jim had finished, other riders came rac-