FIRE FRENZY 145   "Gosh, you must be getting deaf!" Seth grumbled. "I've been asking you about six times when you expected Gay- nor back. I thought it was today."  "It was," Kay answered, "but some- thing must have happened to delay him. I'm sure he'll be here tomorrow."  "Here's hoping," Seth growled. "We can't let any grass grow under our feet getting that barn started. I'm going to start cutting timber tomorrow, whether he's back or not."  "He'll be here," Kay predicted confi- dently. She paused a moment at the door of the shack and looked out. "Isn't it great after the rain?"  "I'll say it is," Seth agreed. "The equinox must have got kind of mixed up this year to give us that storm so early. But I ain't kicking none. Makes the danger of fire just that much less."  Kay nodded absent-mindedly to this remark. Then she sauntered down to the corral and whistled Flicker to her. Obeying a sudden impulse, she got him out and saddled him; after she had rid- den up to her cabin for her sweater she headed out onto the mesa.  Deciding to kill two birds with one stone, and ride the restlessness out of her system by going over to see Aunt Kate, Kay started off for the Flying Six at a brisk gait.  It would be moonlight by nine o'clock, she reflected, and she could easily be back by eleven. If she didn't go now, she'd simply have to go tomorrow, and then she'd miss being there when Ted arrived. Darkness had fallen when Kay clattered up to the Flying Six ranch house. At her whoopee, Babs and Ruth came dashing out to meet her. Dis- mounting. she met them at the foot of the steps, and they all three burst into the living room together, their arms in- tertwined.  "Well, well, bless me if you don't all look the same age!" Josh Hastings got up and came toward them. Though he addressed the whole trio, his eyes were fixed on Kay. with her bright eyes and flushed cheeks framed in a tousled mop of auburn curls.    Kay instantly straightened up and smoothed her hair. It was all she could do to repress the angry contempt and scorn she felt for this man, who had tried by such sneaking means to get the best of her. But she realized that for the moment, at least, she must act as though nothing had happened to change her usual attitude toward him.  "Where've you been all day?" Aunt Kate's querulous question broke the awkward moment, and Kay turned to her with relief.  "I was terribly sorry not to get over sooner," she apologized, as she con- tritely went over and kissed her aunt. "But I was waiting around for Ted Gay- nor to come back with his mother and sister."  A curious pause followed these words, and something made Kay glance up keenly at Josh Hastings. His eyes were narrowed on her with an enigmatic stare, and a half smile twisted his lips into a sinister line. Kay felt a cold, un- reasoning clutch at her spine, and it was with the greatest difficulty that she re- pressed the involuntary shudder that contracted her muscles.  The memory of that premonition she had had when Ted said good-by to her flashed over her again, but she sternly ignored it. No matter what Josh Hast- ings had tried to do to her, she couldn't blame him for Ted's failure to appear! She at least had to be fair enough to admit that.  "I reckon you've made a mistake, tak- ing on that man and a whole parcel of relatives," Aunt Kate broke through the strained moment. "It'll be a good thing if he doesn't show up at all."  Josh Hastings let out a great guffaw. "Trust Aunt Kate to hit the nail on the head!" he exclaimed, with indulgent appreciation. "She's said a mouth- ful!"  "Sure I have," Aunt Kate agreed com- placently, a pleased smile on her lips at the flattery of her host's glance.  "Perhaps I have made a mistake." Kay obeyed a sudden wicked impulse and added, "If they aren't coming, you   10--Ranch Romances--First Sept.