THE GIRL AND THE GUITAR 71   "Children, we are very pleased, of course, to have guests with us today, who have come to hear our program. I'm sure you all remember Mr. Carberry and Mr. Arrondale, who so kindly helped us the other morning with the snake." When she said them words, me and Jerry rose up and bowed. And whilst we was bowin', an ornery little red-headed kid in the back of the room whispered loud enough for everybuddy to hear:  "Teacher's got a feller!"  The room rang with uproar'ous mirth. Me and Jerry set, and Miss Ruth rapped for order again. "We will start the pro- gram at once," she said, speakin' so sharp that the laughin' stopped as sud- den as it started. "We will stand and sing our opening song."  So the kids stood up and sang Amer- ica right lusty, which Jerry and me joined in, and the pretty school teacher looked pleased.  Waal--after the patriotic salute, a boy 'bout fourteen come for'ard and spoke a very excitin' piece called The Charge of the Light Brigade. He was a ganglin' youth, but talented. He waved his arms and shouted and made a big to-do tellin' 'bout six hundred soldiers that got wiped out in Death Valley,which it was all news to me, and got me quite some wrought up. Then two or three others sang songs and spoke pieces, an' Miss Woodstock said:  "Now, children, I have a very grand surprise for you. Mr. Arrondale is go- ing to entertain us with some music. He will play his guitar and sing for us. It was very kind of Mr. Arrondale to take part in our program, and I'm sure we will show our appreciation by keep- ing perfectly still." She give Jerry a sweet smile. He was all a-tremble with flusteration, but he done himself proud playin' the Spanish Fandango.  The young 'uns clapped and cheered, and Miss Woodstock give the lad such a sweet, yearnin' look, he almost bust into tears. So then he played and sang The Spanish Cavalier very sad and tender, gazin' straight at the little lady     all the while. But when he was right in the middle of The Glide Waltz,there come a loud knock on the door.  Jerry stopped. Miss Ruth's face went white. "Excuse me, Mr. Arrondale," she murmured, "I believe we have an- other visitor!" She was all a-tremble as she passed in front of us to open the door. But before she reached it, the door swung open and a big feller, scowl- in' grim as thunder, come stridin' in. It was the dude stranger I'd met up with down to Elko!  He was one of the meanest lookin' hombres ever I see. Without so much as a glance at Jerry and me, he follered the frightened little lady to her desk. "Get my letter?" he snarled, glarin' at the pore gal with a cold glint in his beady, black eyes.  "Yes," gasped Miss Woodstock, plumb terror-struck.  "Then you was expectin' me tomor- row!" He made a gruntin' sound, half laughin', half sneerin'. "Well, I figured you might try runnin' out on me, so I came today." He laughed again, taunt- in'-like. "You're goin' back to Denver with me--see? We get out of Elko to- night. I got a rig outside--" He jerked his thumb to'rds the door.  Miss Ruth turned to the children. "We will not be able to finish our pro- gram," she said. "I am very sorry. School is dismissed--now. Please go-- all of you--at once!"  The kids got up and straggled out. The tough party turned to me and Jerry for the first time and snarled, "You can go, too. Get out!"  "Mr. Bardonni--" cried the little teacher.  But Jerry spoke up before she could finish. "We're takin' orders from the lady!" he said, cool and calm, but his eyes was flashin' danger.  "Mr. Bardonni, these gentlemen are friends of mine," cried Miss Ruth. "I'd advise you to address them civilly. Furthermore, I'm not going to Denver, or anywhere else, with you--and that's final!"  The tough hombre walked over to us