HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 43   "Who is it?" sounded Sleepy's voice, hard and suspicious.  "Loma Carlyle. Hurry! I've got something to tell Link."  She smiled at Sleepy's murmured curse of utter amazement, and she heard the thump of his boots as he donned them. He stepped out of the doorway, tousled and disheveled from sleep and hurried dressing.  "You!" he exclaimed. "Miss Carlyle! Holy smokes! What's this all about, anyhow?"  "You can listen while I tell Link. Get him down here--quick!"  Sleepy headed for the main house at a clumsy run, still dizzy and befogged with sleep. Loma followed after him, slowly. By the time she reached the steps of the porch, Link emerged, with Sleepy at his heels.  Link's eyes seemed to flame in the darkness, and their contact sent Loma's heart to thudding. "What is it, Loma?" he asked tersely.  "Link, maybe you think I'm crazy, but I thought you should know immedi- ately." Then she went on to tell of the arrival of Texas Jack at the Bar C 88 and of what she had overheard between him and Deuce Coburn.  Link listened intently. When she finished, she found that he had captured both of her hands and was pressing them tightly. "This is what I expected would happen--an' what I hoped for. It means that we'll catch 'em in the act, in our own time and way. An' by bring- in' the news immediately yuh've jest guaranteed the success of my plan.  "Sometime--later--I'll tell yuh what I think of yore pluck and common sense, little lady. There never was another like yuh."  To still the thunder of her heart and cover her confusion, Loma spoke again. "Link, that lying cur of a Coburn set Joe Colinga after you and your father deliberately. Sent him out to dry-gulch you both. And he sent Spider Glick be- fore Colinga. Oh, I know I should not feel this way. Maybe it is vicious and unwomanish, but I could see men like     that wiped out of existence and never know a qualm of pity."  "I savvy," said Link quietly. "Yo're entitled to feel thataway. I don't think none the less of yuh for it. An' we'll take care of Mister Coburn in our own good time an' way. Sleepy"--and here his voice became crisp and forceful-- "yuh got a long ride ahaid of yuh-- startin' now.  "Grab yoreself a relay of about four broncs. Yo're haidin' for Buckeye. North of Buckeye lays the Wineglass spread. Bart Bidwell runs it. Find him an' tell him the drive is on. Salt Crick is the place. He'll understand what to do--an' he's expectin' yuh. Git a wiggle on! I'll make yuh up a pack of grub while yuh get the broncs."  Sleepy was a good soldier. He took his orders literally and without argu- ment. He hurried off to the remuda corral, while Link led Loma into the ranch house, where he lit a lamp and showed the way to a food storeroom off the big kitchen.  The Quarter Circle S cook slept in the bunkhouse with the other men and Link did not bother him. He selected an empty flour sack and stuffed it with food, then he went down to the corrals again. Sleepy was ready. He tied the food on behind the saddle, looped a couple of canteens over the horn and swung astride.  "Adios, folks," he drawled. "I'll be seein' yuh."  He surged into the night, the relay of ponies clattering after him.  As the sound of Sleepy's departure died away. Link turned to Loma. "That long walk shoulda give yuh an appetite," he drawled whimsically. "What say we scare up a little breakfast, then I'll sad- dle a couple of broncs an' take yuh home?  "We got about three hours before daylight yet, an' to play safe we want Coburn to think yuh've been home all night. If he was to investigate an' find yuh'd disappeared, he might get sus- picious an' not make that drive--which would upset all our plans complete."