HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 39    than for your own. So say no more about it."  "Okeh," grinned Link. "But that ain't gonna keep me from doin' a lot of think- in'. I been doin' a lot of that anyhow," he added meaningly.  Loma could not meet his eyes. Her own glance fell to her plate and the color mounted higher in her cheeks. She pushed back her chair and stood up. "I'll be getting along home now. Your father is resting easily. The doctor will be out from town again this afternoon to change the dressing on the wound, and after that I'll come over and renew it when necessary."  "Yo're very, very capable," said Link softly. "I never knew there were wo- men like yuh."  Her laugh was a trifle shaky. "I'm very ordinary, really. It just happens that part of my preparation for being a frontier school teacher entailed some knowledge of emergency nursing. I wonder if you'd have my pony saddled?"  "I'll do it myself," said Link. "An' I'll ride home with yuh. After that mix- up with Colinga I don't like to have yuh ridin' the range alone."  "No!" protested Loma emphatically. "There's no need of that. You get some sleep. If you really insist on having someone accompany me, let one of your riders go--Sleepy, for instance. He's very nice," she finished mischievously.  "He better be," growled Link. "I'll cuff his ears if he ain't. Okeh, I'll tell him."  SLEEPY BURCH was more than glad to oblige and, after seeing Loma safely to her own ranch, turned regretfully homeward. Sleepy was still young enough to know the charm of romance and, while he realized perfectly that any dreams he had on the subject were entirely hopeless, he found a mournful pleasure in being in the com- pany of this astounding girl.  "A gal like her shore revives a man's faith," muttered Sleepy, as he jogged back along the home trail.  To Loma's surprise, the Bar C 88 was     apparently deserted on her return. There was no sign of life anywhere. At first a vague fear filled her, so she investigated thoroughly, even to the ex- tent of invading the bunkhouse. Here she found her fears allayed, for the place was jammed with personal belongings and equipment. Evidently Coburn and the other riders were merely off on some job about the ranch.  She went back to the house and re- alized she was very weary herself, for she had slept but little the previous night. This lack of rest, coupled with the strain and excitement of the shoot- ing affray, had sapped her strength. So she luxuriated in a hot bath, then went to bed.  It was dusk when she awakened, greatly refreshed. While she was dress- ing, she heard the clatter and pound of hoofs. Looking out of a window, she saw Coburn and the others, just riding in from the southern part of the valley.  She cooked and ate a solitary supper and was just finishing when a knock sounded on the door. She opened it to admit Coburn.  "Evenin', Miss Carlyle," he greeted. "Saw yore hoss in the corrals, so I knew yuh'd got back from yore visit to town. I jest wanted to report. I've had the boys busy all day getting things ready for the spring round-up. We been comb- in' the timber an' gettin' what stock we could out in the open.  "I took the liberty of sendin' a couple of the gang into town for a few pack loads of supplies. We'll start the round- up proper in the mornin'. Shore, but it's been a good winter for the stock. I never saw a herd in better shape. An' the increase is 'way above normal."  Loma Carlyle, in addition to her other gifts, was a passably good actress. Therefore she showed no sign of her real thoughts. She expressed gratifica- tion at the news, but her thoughts were along a line that would have amazed the glib, self-satisfied foreman.  She was drawing a mental comparison between Link Sanderson and this fel- low. They were as wide apart as the