FIRE FRENZY 137    Ted had said when he had announced on the mesa that he meant to fight Scrap Johnson. He had said he was going to give him a "second" lesson! Kay- had noticed this remark at the time, with a wondering conjecture, but in the fast-moving events afterwards she had forgotten it.  "Yeah; the two of 'em had it out, hot and heavy." Kay suddenly came back to the present and Tom's droning voice, as he recounted the event the way it had been told to him. "Everybody thought this Scrap fellow was going to lick the stuffing out of him, but Gaynor got him down by a trick twist. Then he threatened he'd kill him if he ever heard him mention his girl's name again."  Tom paused to let this piece of infor- mation sink in, his eyes never leaving Kay's face as he watched her reaction to this unexpected news.  Feeling his gaze on her, Kay steeled herself to hide her surprise and confu- sion. It seemed impossible with all that had passed between them since, that Ted shouldn't have mentioned it to her. The only conclusion to be drawn was that he had kept still because he hadn't wanted her to know that he had been fighting about some girl. Pride came to Kay's aid and helped her to conceal the hurt feeling that Ted's lack of con- fidence gave her.  "There was no reason why he should have mentioned it, if he didn't want to," she observed lightly. "Perhaps as long as he won out, he might have thought it would have seemed like boasting."  "He probably won't mind boasting about it to the black-haired beauty he was fighting for!" Tom chuckled, as he scanned Kay's expression for her re- action to this remark.  "Black-haired! How do you know she was black-haired?" The involuntary question burst out before Kay could stop it.  "Because Scrap Johnson had said something about a black-haired filly!" Tom Runyon went on, deliberately giv- ing a garbled account of the information     he had received, his eyes narrowing as he observed the flush that spread over Kay's cheek. "That's what started the fight," he finished.  "Well, he evidently had his reasons for not mentioning it." Kay tried to speak lightly and indifferently, but something seemed suddenly to give way inside her, so that she felt she couldn't possibly go on with this conversation. Whatever the consequences of uncere- moniously dismissing Tom Runyon, she simply had to be alone.  She abruptly stood up and held out her hand.  "I'm afraid I'll have to say good night." With the greatest effort of will, Kay kept her voice from trembling. "I've had a strenuous day, and I guess I haven't entirely got over the shock of yesterday."  "Poor little girl!" Tom Runyon's voice was a trifle over-sympathetic as he took her hand in both of his, and bent his face close to her. "You go and get a good sleep, and any time you need any help, you call on Tom Runyon! Just you forget about this investigating business; leave that all to me."  "Thanks," Kay murmured, smiling faintly at him as she drew her hand away. "I hope you'll come over any time you feel like it."  "Trust me!" Tom Runyon boomed heartily. Then he added with heavy gallantry, "You're going to be seeing a whole lot of me, young lady, and don't you forget it!"  Feeling her powers of resistance grad- ually giving way to the weak, dizzy sen- sation that was overcoming her, Kay turned without further ceremony and bolted into her cabin. With a half smile of satisfaction on his lips, Tom Runyon strode off to the bunkhouse.  CHAPTER XVII Turning the Tables  IT was a good half hour after Kay and Ted had left him on the mesa be- fore Scrap Johnson came back to con- sciousness. Stirring painfully, he tried