FIRE FRENZY 133   "I kind of thought I might be some help," Tom Runyon boomed pomp- ously. "I've been talking with that fore- man of yours up at the bunkhouse, and it looks mighty peculiar to me, how this fire started."  Kay shot him a startled look. "You mean you think--"  "I'm not thinking anything," he has- tened to say, with a cautious lowering of his voice. "I'm only saying that this and any other fire will bear investigat- ing."  Kay felt all her first suspicions revive, but she remembered Dan Steele's warn- ing and held her peace. While this Tom Runyon seemed all right, and a kindly and genial enough person, she didn't really know anything about him, so it would pay to go slow.  If, on the other hand, he wanted to go ahead investigating on his own in- itiative, he might unearth something that would give some foundation for her suspicion of Josh Hastings. But while she must be very careful not to voice the direction in which her suspicions lay, there was one point on which she must set him straight right away.  "I am absolutely certain that Seth and our outfit are above suspicion," she stated positively, "so if you're looking for foul play, you can count them out from the start."  "Maybe," he nodded his approval of her loyalty. "But when you're starting out to look for clues you can't be handi- capped by any foregone conclusions. You just leave the investigating to me," he added tolerantly. "All I want you to do is to answer a few questions."  "Gladly; but let's wait until after sup- per." Kay leaned against the side of the cabin for a second, overcome by a sudden weary faintness.  Tom Runyon sprang to put a steady- ing hand on her arm. "What's the mat- ter?" he inquired anxiously. "You look all in!"  "Nothing." Kay straightened up and smiled at him. "I'm just a little tired, I guess. I'll be all right as soon as I get something to eat. You go on up     to the bunkhouse and I'll join you in a minute. I'm eating with the boys, un- til I can get my own housekeeping ar- rangements rigged up. You'll stay for supper, of course?" she added, as he hesitated a moment.  "That's mighty good of you; I'd be glad to. Only, look here! Who was that you were riding in with?"  Kay paused at the cabin door, her eye- brows raised in surprise. A slight flush came into her cheeks as she answered his question. After all, there was no point in making a mystery about being with Ted.  "That was Ted Gaynor, the man I was with up on the ridge," she answered. To her annoyance, she flushed still more, as she caught Tom Runyon's keen, speculative look at her heightened color.  "Oh, yes; well, he's just the one I wanted to ask you about. But we'll wait until after supper."  Before Kay could answer, he turned and made for the bunkhouse.  As Kay washed her face and hands, she tried to reason herself out of the queer, panicky feeling that suddenly took possession of her. The dark pre- monition that she had had when she said good-by to Ted swept over her again.  "Don't be a fool!" she scolded her image in the mirror as she ruthlessly tugged a comb through her tangled curls. "You're just letting your nerves run away with you! What could pos- sibly happen to him? You must keep your head, and don't let Tom Runyon's first suspicions start up again!"  Braced up by the thought that it was up to her to protect Ted, Kay walked slowly up to the bunkhouse, planning in her mind just what she was going to say. Any thoughts were welcome, as long as they pushed into the background her horrible experience of the afternoon. Instead of allowing herself to dwell on that, she concentrated on the memory of the magnificent way Ted had come to the rescue.  If her first intuitive judgment of him, in spite of the damning conditions of