78 RANCH ROMANCES   A mile up the next slope on the trail toward town, the mare picked up her ears and whinnied. Connie's heart seemed to stop beating.  "Now," she told herself. "Do your stuff! He's coming!"  Icy terror gripped her. Her throat felt harsh and dry. Always before this, in time of trouble, she had need- ed to act quickly, without much time for thought or fear. Now she would know if she had the kind of courage needed to sustain her for long, drag- ging minutes--perhaps.  Connie tossed back her head and tried to sing the first few measures of Cielito Lindo. Her voice was a husky, whispering monotone. She swallowed the lump in her throat, wet her lips and tried again.  The result was bizarre and star- tling. Her voice, usually so sweet and true, was high now and almost shrill. Neither was she able always to hit the note she aimed at, but it was singing of a sort, at least.  She kept doggedly on until she fin- ished the song. She untied from the saddle the little camp hatchet she al- ways carried with her, and casually, carelessly, as she rode beneath an aspen tree, chopped off a limb that was hanging over the trail. A hun- dred yards farther on she chopped off another. Next, she paused to slash a great white blaze upon the trunk of a trailside fir.  So she rode, on up to the Hamilton Mesa, always aware of that lurking, stalking rider behind her, yet never daring to give sign of that awareness.  On top of the mesa she tried an- other song, still riding easily, hatchet swinging from limber right wrist. This time it was The Red River Val- ley. Her new effort was a little more successful. When she aimed at C she didn't often miss it any farther than B.  She thought of Buck Mindon and her voice quivered. If this man should shoot her from behind--now--maybe Buck would think she was the guile-     less little fool she looked, just a girl without sense enough to realize her own danger.  Now she was down the trail off the Hamilton Mesa to the Mora Pecos River, still singing intermittently, still nicking off limbs and blazing occasional trees.  At the Mora Pecos she stopped to eat her lunch and rest and water Dolly. Connie threw herself down by the creek, cowboy fashion, and tried to drink, but the water choked her.  "Now," she thought, "if he's going to do it, this is the time. I'm in the open, an easy shot."  For two long minutes she lay per- fectly still, in the grip of the most utter and complete terror she had ever known. If she had just had a gun, could just do something that would put an end to this endless watching, waiting--waiting for she knew not what.  At last, trembling in every muscle, she arose, took her lunch cut of the saddle bag and made a pretense of eating. As the expected shot still did not come, Connie grew a little more confident.  As she swung back into the saddle she played with the idea of making a break for it now.  "As soon as I get under cover of the green timber," she told herself, "I'm going to put my foot on the gas."  UP on the mesa trail a lean, dark- haired, bearded man watched her intently. Slowly his body relaxed and he drew a breath of something like relief. He looked down. At his horse's feet lay a freshly hewn-off limb of an aspen tree.  He glanced across the canyon again, to where a tiny rider on a tall bay mare was just going into the green timber. There was the flash of sun on steel as the rider's right arm swung up and down. From where he watched he could see a small sprig of some- thing green fall to the ground.