HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 29    house. He filled a couple of canteens, stuffed a pair of saddle bags with food and rolled up a blanket.  With this meager outfit, plus a booted Winchester rifle, he went back to his horse and strapped the equipment to his saddle. As he finished, his father came over from beyond the bunkhouse where he had been superintending the reset- ting of the tires on the round-up chuck wagon.  "Where yuh haidin', Link?" he asked, noting the blanket and saddle bags.  "Down Buckeye way," was the an- swer. "Be gone for a couple of days, I reckon."  "What's doin' there?"  "Don't know yet, but I expect a-plenty. Located fourteen of our brands that had been run to a Bar C 88 this mornin'."  "What!" The word was a stentorian roar that could have been heard half a mile away. "Fourteen! Goddlemighty! Yuh jest forget about Buckeye. We'll get the boys together an' go over an' clean out that Bar C 88 crowd to the last man. Fourteen, yuh say? Why-- why--"  Eagle Sanderson began to sputter aimlessly, so great was his anger. Link smiled grimly and waited until his father had calmed down a trifle.  "We'll leave Coburn an' his crowd alone for a while," he drawled finally. "We don't want to fly off the handle jest yet. Lord only knows how many more of our brands they've altered. That's what I aim to find out. Besides that, I'm convinced they've been lootin' the Bar C 88 ever since Bert Manner- ing died." And Link proceeded to tell his father his and Loma's suspicions.  "As I see it," he continued, "Coburn's been jugglin' the figgers he's furnished Judge Reynolds with, while drivin' the Bar C 88 herd out bit by bit an' sellin' 'em somewhere. Shore, he couldn't have brought 'em out through Thunder City an' the pass down to Healy like Bert Mannering used to do an' like we do. That'd been a daid give-away.  "There's only one other way he could     have moved an' disposed of them. That's by way of Buckeye. So I'm goin' down to Buckeye to see what I can find out. When I get back I expect to be loaded with enough dynamite to blow Coburn an' his gang sky-high."  Eagle Sanderson thought this over for a moment, glowering at the ground. He nodded slowly. "That's sound rea- sonin'," he admitted. "I reckon he wouldn't have a heap of trouble gettin' rid of 'em in that country. But be careful, son. Keep yore tracks cov- ered. An' don't ride the tops of any ridges."  "Don't worry; I won't, Dad. Adios."  They shook hands and Link rode away. He headed directly south, straight for the tableland that separated the timber-clad range and the Durango Desert. Reaching this, he turned east and set his mount to that steady, shuf- fling, ground-eating jog which covers an amazing amount of country without un- due fatigue to either horse or rider. He made a dry camp that night, and long before daylight he was up again.  Eastward he kept heading, skirting the neutral zone between the desert and the Cobalts. With the rising of the sun he became interested in the ground he was traversing. Almost immediately he murmured in satisfaction. The sandy earth showed indubitable signs of the passage of considerable herds of cattle. There was no really fresh sign, nothing that wasn't at least two weeks old. But Link was satisfied.  Just before noon the country began to change. The desert was pushed back farther and farther to the south and west by a stretch of rolling, well grassed terrain, across which Link began to see scattered herds of stock. He passed these closely, studied the brands, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. The two most in evidence were a Wineglass and a Rafter O.  Ahead showed a low, twisting line of scrub willow beside a welcome pool of water. Link unsaddled for an hour, al- lowing his mount the luxury of a good drink, a roll and a feed of grass. For