Do you like detective stories that are true to life, yet packed with action and excitement? There is only one magazine that will give them to you: just one magazine that will give you stories that are packed with action, danger, excitement and suspense and yet are true to life. Not true stories, but true to life--stories in which policemen, detectives, criminals and all other characters talk and act and think just as real policemen, detectives and criminals do--stories that give you an accurate picture of modern crime conditions and modern police methods and weak- nesses. All written by men who know their stuff and who are recognized as the outstanding writers of detective stories today--men whose stories are published in book form by leading publishers, and made into movies by the biggest producers. That magazine is-- BLACK MASK There is no other magazine today to compare with it; no other magazine that will give you one-half the thrill and enjoyment. Here are just four of the many great stories you will find In the SEPTEMBER issue-- "A WOMAN CAN KILL," by Raoul Whitfield Dion Davies, of the Dancer and Davies detective agency, is a regular guy. Who Dancer may be is more of a mystery. But there is a girl in the outfit, capable, hard as nails at times, a go-getter, not bad to look at, and in a pinch, able to handle a gun. They have a case of extortion, blackmail and murder, and guns are very useful in the clean-up. "WHISPERING JUSTICE," by Erie Stanley Gardner Ed Jenkins, The Phantom Crook, was once a crook, paid the penally, reformed and tried to square himself with society. He learned the axiom--"once a crook, always a crook-- in the eyes of the law." Every unsolved case was blamed on him. The Underworld and the crooked police declared war upon him--for he knew too much about both for their safety. In "Whispering Justice," he slides between the murder car of killers and their victim, plunges into the midst of a crime in the making, finds an innocent person caught in the meshes and matches his wits against killers' weapons to win freedom for both. "MURDER IN JAIL," by Roger Torrey A long-sought criminal handcuffed between Dal Prentice and his equally hardboiled part- ner, further guarded by two armed stalwarts with the jail right at hand--and the whole bunch of them "snatched" by a gang of crooks to be "worked on" for the evidence which will give freedom to the killer-criminal. A vivid picture of crime and politics in an American city. "GUNS DOWN," by Frederick Nebel No more popular appealing figure than Capt. Steve MacBride has appeared for years in this or any other magazine. Hard as flint, absolutely unswerving in his sense for right, no matter how powerful the wrong-doer, liking best to be in action where his men are endangered and bullets are apt to fly, he risks his life unhesitatingly for the lowliest sufferer in the interest of justice. Get a copy today from any newsdealer, and enjoy hours of the finest reading of the kind you've ever had.  Please mention Newsstand Group when answering advertisements