36 The Finishing Touch ing on the room door. Bright sunlight was streaming in through the thinly curtained windows. A hasty glance at the clock told him that it was after ten. The knocking continued in- sistently. He sprang out of bed and reached for his bathrobe. "Just a minute!" he called, as he hurriedly pulled a comb through his tousled hair. An instant later, fairly presentable, he was gazing inquiringly at the tall young man who had pushed in through the partly opened door. Even before the other had introduced himself, Ridgely knew that his caller was a detective. Something must have gone wrong, he thought, and his mjnd went racing swiftly over the details of the evening before, seeking to find and forestall the consequences of a slip. He was not panicky. His visitor was speaking. "John Maury was found dead on the road late last night, Mr. Ridgely." Ridgely carefully side-stepped a pos- sible trap. "An accident?" he asked, in perfectly done surprise and concern. "No," replied the other. "He was murdered." Ridgely concealed his dismay. How in the devil had they reached that conclusion so soon in the face of his carefully prepared evidence to the contrary ? "Murdered!" he echoed, blankly. "How? By whom?" The tall young man sat down, watch- ing Ridgely narrowly. His right hand had dropped carelessly into his pocket. He leaned forward slightly, and spoke swiftly. "By you, Mr. Ridgely," he replied, evenly. "No. Don't interrupt. You set a very pretty stage, my friend, and you have been careful---careful to a fault. It was your little finishing touch that betrayed you. That, and a woman's vanity. Mrs. Maury is a very beautiful woman with a very plain name. It has been her little failing to hide that fact. Her name is not Jean, Ridgely, it's Jane. And Maury never called her anything else in private. When she saw that letter you so cleverly left she knew Maury had never written it despite the excellent forgery. For he hated the name Jean as much as she disliked Jane. She is a big enough woman to admit her own shortcomings, and-- Shall I read the warrant?" 