Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil 61 were, undoubtedly, all ex-convicts. Among the long-term men in some prisons, he remembered, this very sys- tem had been developed among some of the most desperate as a means of secret communication where speech was forbidden and the finger code would have been instantly detected. Along the eating tables, in the work- shops, or in the marching lines of prisoners a hand could grasp a hand and a brief message be exchanged among the initiated. He had heard vaguely that "outside" there was a regu- ular school where the system was taught those who feared that some day they might hav,e need for it, either to send or receive a message. He understood. It was a dangerous place for a lengthy conversation between two men such as these, even under the best of circumstances, but the anger in the hearts of these two made it doubly dan- gerous. The deaf man watched un- easily and hovered near with one eye on his quarreling companions, and the other searching the crowd for detec- tives* Porter saw the dumb man throw the other's hand from him with a vio- lent gesture, and, as the blind man raised his cane to strike, the deaf man darted forward, caught Dummy by the arm and whirled him away in the crowd with a low-voiced curse at the man in goggles. Porter followed the pair and made sure of locating the lair of the third of his despoilers. It was in a hotel of shabby appearance and unsavory repu- tation far uptown that the dumb man lived. A few hours of cautious in- quiries and guarded listening served to reveal something of his character. Dummy, he found, was also a profes- sional beggar--at times, at least. He was one of those furtive individuals who seeks alms with printed cards, or with pad and pencil. Usually he pre- tended to be deaf as well as dumb, but his hearing was most acute when his own character was under discussion, and his vengeful, vicious nature showed itself strongly, especially when he was in his cups, which was as often as pos- sible. At such times he turned upon gossipers with strange, guttural noises and cries, which showed that he had well-developed vocal cords, even if they were out of control. Dr. Porter had found his pearl thieves. But that was not the object of his quest. He wanted his pearls. His next step had already been mapped out. The rape of his wife's necklace had hurt him far more than the threatened monetary loss. He could buy other pearls without reckoning the cost, but money would not replace these particular pearls. The mere turning over of these men to the police and seeing them sent to prison would not satisfy him. Therefore, he did not seek the police and trust to arrests and third- degree methods. Instead, he called a taxi and drove to the office of young Dr. Henry B. Robertson, who had been one of his assistants until he had hung out his own -shingle a few months be- fore and was still his devoted slave. To Robertson, Porter quickly out- lined the story. Upon two prescription blanks he wrote two names, addresses and descriptions. "Harry," he said, "one of these men is deaf and the other dumb. Both of them are dangerous criminals, suspi- cious of everyone and remarkably cun- ning. I must have each one of them in my hands, alone, as speedily as possible. I am trusting to your wits. You must manage in some way to become ac- quainted with these men, introduce yourself as the specialist you are and then call me in. Don't use my name, of course. If properly approached both of these men would jump at a chance to be cured. Promise them you can do it, Harry, and I'll do the rest. I'll 