4 The Prisoner Speaks to ungovernable rage beyond all re- straint. The opportunity and place for com- mitting the crime without arousing an alarm, or even immediate suspicion, was provided by the fact that Samuel Smith and his wife lived in a house on the very fringe of the outskirts of the town of L-, some distance from the main route of travel, and with the house of the nearest neighbor fully a quarter of a mile away. The time, as nearly as it could be de- termined by the prosecution, was "some time between the hour of 7:15 P. M. of November eleventh and the hour of 1:30 A. M. of November thirteenth," the first named being the hour when the deceased was known to have been seen alive the last time, and the latter the time when her dead body was dis- covered. CHAPTER II The method and the proof of prob- able circumstance may be summed up, from the evidence presented, as fol- lows : On the evening of November eleventh, at or about 7:15 P. M., Samuel Smith and his wife, Hattie, were seen walking along the railroad track, going toward that part of town in which they lived, by several citizens who saw and recognized them. They appeared to be in earnest conversation. While no one overheard any of the words that passed between them, Samuel Smith was seen making "very violent gestures," "waving his hands and arms like he was mad," and "mak- ing motions as if he was hitting some- thing." At the same time Hattie Smith seemed, according to each of several versions of her attitude and appear- ance, to be "depressed," "frightened," "nervous" and "acting like she was crying." No one could be found who actually had seen either of the Smiths enter their house that evening, together or separately, but: the windows of the Smith residence were observed to be lighted as late as 2 A. M. of the morn- ing of the twelfth, by a neighbor who was up at that hour to attend to her baby, who was ill. Owing to the comparatively isolated location of their house the Smiths still burned oil lamps. One of these, during the investigation, was found to be burned dry, possibly or probably on the night of the eleventh-twelfth. The item of the lighted window, therefore, had considerable or no significance, as one chose to regard it. As far as could be ascertained no one had seen either Samuel or Hattie Smith at any time on the twelfth day of the month. On the forenoon of the thirteenth, at half-past eleven, the chairman of the Foreign Missions Society of St. Luke's Church, a Mrs. Charles Garford, who knew Mrs. Smith by sight, but not per- sonally, called at the Smith residence for the purpose of soliciting a contribu- tion to the missionary fund. If expla- nation of her subsequent actions is necessary, it is to be found in the earned reputation possessed by Mrs. Garford for being' a woman of deter- mined purpose and persistence in the work of solicitation for the benefit of various and varied funds, religious and sociological, educational and reforma- tory, charitable and--it was said by the unregenerate--uncharitable. When Mrs. Garford issued forth for the pur- pose of collecting she collected or, to use her own words, "knew the reason why." Mrs. Garford rang the bell of the Smith residence vigorously. She never used the apologetically light pressure of the unsure petitioner, but always the determined and maintained push that 