The Dark Brown Dress 99 acting like a clot, possibly even produc- ing a clot? . . "It is, Mr. Meroe. That would be what is termed an air embolism. It would have somewhat the same effect as phle- bitis of a large vein. . . "And it would produce death ?" "It would." "And the face and surface of the vic- tim would be ashy pale with the lips and mucous membrane a pale slate color, as was the case with the bodies in ques- tion ?" "Either that or the face would be livid and bluish, and in some cases the limbs are convulsed." "And there was nothing in your ex- amination of these bodies with which you could contradict my statement that death was caused by the introduction of air into a large vein by means of an empty or partially empty hypodermic needle, thus leaving the marks which I discovered on examining the bodies this morning?" "Nothing, Mr. Meroe. It is a thing which had not occurred to me before in relation to this particular case. It is only in exceptional cases that there are any distinctive signs to be found on physical examination." "And how long after the introduction of the air would death occur?" "Death might take place in a very few moments, not due to mere asphyxia--but in some degree, at any rate, to syn- cope--" "Now, with the doctor's word in sup- port of my theory," said Meroe, turning to the others, "I advance the tentative hypothesis that Mr. and Mrs. Brentore were murdered deliberately by the ma- lignant introduction of air into a large vein. Now, as this could not very well he accomplished without their consent, or without drugging them, or binding them, I suggest that it was accomplished upon the pretext of injecting a medicine applicable to an ailment from which they believed themselves to be suffering at the time." There was a moment's silence. "But could one die such a death, Mr. Meroe," interrupted the rasping voice of Mr. Grover, "and remain in the natu- ral sitting posture in which I saw them as early as yesterday afternoon, and in which Mr. Barhart found them this morning ?" "They could not," answered Meroe; "and for that reason I was about to offer the additional suggestion that, after hav- ing been successfully murdered in this unusual way, the bodies were placed in a sitting posture as nearly natural as possible. And why ? It would seem that one would not take the trouble to do this without a perfectly definite and un- doubtedly ingeniously conceived pur- pose. It is this and one other point which have led me to some rather star- tling conclusions since seven o'clock this morning. There is in this room, at this moment, one who will verify all that I am saying. "Did it not strike you as suggestive that the lady across the hall should have seen Dr. Kramer enter this room and the janitor depart from it? I leave you to draw your own conclusions from this and the fact that when one disappears both disappear. And who would derive the greatest benefit from the death of Mr. and Mrs. Brentore? Would it not certainly be the nephew, Roderick Lati- mer, who disappeared from Brattlenook in the face of heavy debts? Who else would spend weeks of patient labor on a plan to hasten the preparation of the will and, immediately after that, the death of these people? "At this point I offer as another sug- gestion that Roderick Latimer. Dr. Kra- mer and Lee Harmon, the janitor, are one and the same person--" There was another burst of murmur- ing. There was a slightly sarcastic smile on the face of Larkin. 