72 Fear I had a temper. He had been in my office for a year. I guess he was all set for a fight right away. But he smiled and went on: "Not buy exactly, but I think it can be arranged to suit us both." "Like hell, you do!" I yelled. I was more than surprised. I thought he must have gone crazy, but I didn't like his smile. He didn't say anything, just sat there and smiled at me. He didn't look like a crazy man, and I began to wonder. All the time he had been with me he had been perfectly sane and he had never tried to joke. He was efficient and always on the job. What had happened to make him start out like he had was a mystery to me. "What do you mean ? Have you been . drinking or dreaming?" I tried to keep myself in hand, because at the back of my brain something had started to stir. Men with brains don't usually have crazy schemes, and I knew he hadn't been drinking and he wasn't the sort to dream without something to base it on. I began to think of reasons for him getting up the nerve to say what he did. It took nerve and something else. I had never let him in on anything, and outside,of the deal with King there hadn't been anything that could really cause trouble. And that King deal was safe. I had written the only papers in the thing myself. After the deal was over King and I had taken care to burn them. But he had to have some reason, and I was losing my temper again. All the while he just sat. "Listen, Brentwood," I told him then, "I don't know what you are talking about, but the only satisfactory arrange- ment you can reach with me is to be ready to find another job by the first of the month. You are leaving us then." "I am afraid you are wrong, Mr. Barnes," and he reached into his pocket. He brought out a leather case and from it he took something and unfolded it very carefully. I couldn't make out what it was at first. It was black, about the size of a letter sheet,, then I saw it was a piece of carbon paper. Even then I didn't get on right away. "Did you ever see this before?" and he held it up for me to see. The marks of the typewriter stood out. I couldn't read them but I knew what it was. I remembered the morn- ing of my deal with King and Brent- wood being down at the office early. When I wrote the agreement with King I forgot all about the carbon paper. I really didn't realize until then that the carbon would carry any record. I must have just dumped it into the waste- basket when I finished. Brentwood was watching me, and he must have known what I was thinking. "What is it anyway?" and I tried to keep my voice what it had been before. But I was beginning to get nervous. I had been learning things about Brent- wood ever since he began the conver- sation. "Do you want me to read it to you, Mr. Barnes?" As he asked the question he smiled again. I had stood all of that smile I was going to. It must have made me lose my head. I couldn't take a chance on that thing coming out with Landis not yet dead a year. I had to have that piece of carbon. He sidestepped me as I rushed and grabbed me from behind. I told you he had played football. "There is no need for excitement, Barnes," he dropped the "Mr." then. "You can't get this away from me with- out killing me. You had better listen to reason." I saw I couldn't manhandle him. I never have been a strong man, and his grip on my wrists was like iron. "Well, say what you've got to say," 