The Prisoner Speaks 13 but by a single one upon whose testi- mony, reluctant though it will be, I shall rest my defense. Nor is this witness even a friend of mine. Rather he is my dearest enemy. His fondest wish would be my undoing. If to desire a man's death were enough I should be rotting in my grave long before this charge had been brought against me and you would never have been called to the solemn duty of judging me. "Your honor, I respectfully pray that Randolph Raggan be sworn and placed upon the stand as a witness in this case." CHAPTER VI When the witness called by the de- fense had been sworn and taken his seat on the stand, not without a mur- mur of surprise and questioning com- ment rippling over the crowd that packed the room, and after the usual preliminary questions, Smith proceeded to examine him as follows: "You are too well known, Mr. Rag- gan, to make it necessary for me to put the usual questions regarding your identity, place of residence and occupa- tion, except for the purposes of court record. The jury is tired, as we all are, and will appreciate, I hope, my desire to shorten the remaining part of their labors as much as possible. To that end I promise to be brief, to limit my questions to essential points only, and, if at all possible, to omit any sum- ming up for the defense upon the com- pletion of your examination. If you will be equally brief and to the point in replying to my questions I do not think that this case need take many more minutes. "Did you, Mr. Raggan, know the de- ceased, Harriet Smith?" "Yes." "How well--to what degree did your acquaintance or friendship extend?" "Very slight. A casual acquaintance only." "You had spoken to her?" "Yes." "How many times?" "Oh, once or twice, possibly three or four at the most." "On what subject or subjects?" "I cannot remember. Nothing more than the ordinary civilities of chance meetings." "Where were these meetings ?" "On the street, in stores, where I might meet anyone." "You never met, talked with her alone ?" "Never." "You are positive?" "Absolutely." "Did you ever call at the home of Harriet Smith to talk with her ?" "No." "Or for any other purpose?" "No." "Have you ever been inside the Smith residence, except in your official capacity, at the time of the investiga- tion of the murder of Harriet Smith?" "No." "When and where did you last see the deceased ?" "I saw her body at the undertak--" "Never mind that. When" did you last see her alive?" "Alive? Let me see. I cannot say with any degree of certainty. I do not recall having seen her for several weeks, possibly a month or more, prior to her --death." "You are sure that you did not talk with her at any time immediately pre- ceding or on the date of November eleventh ?" "I did not." "Did you at any time carry on a cor- respondence with the deceased Harriet Smith, wife of Samuel Smith, the de- fendant in this case?" "No." 