88 Thornton Smiled Significantly and she laughed carelessly, evidently confident of herself. "I must warn you again, Mr. Thorn- ton, that I still have the negative. It's a matter of a few minutes to make a duplicate of that photograph." Thornton ignored her remark as he continued. "I will admit that I con- sider the photograph easily worth the amount you ask, but as long as it is not necessary to purchase it, why should I ?" The woman arose, furious, and pre- pared to make her departure. "Just a moment, please," Thornton said, quietly, "I'll have to ask my secre- tary to unlock the door before you can go." The woman rushed angrily to the door, for she believed Thornton was bluffing. She tried the knob and found the door locked. She turned to the man at the desk with challenging eyes. "Well, what's the game?" she panted, her first doubts beginning to assail her sense of security. "Won't you sit down a few mo- ments?" Thornton said, smiling at her discomfiture. Miss Bender obeyed, then turned as if waiting for his next move. "I think you told me your--profes- sion was a very well paid one?" he began. His visitor glared at him venomously and made no reply. "Assuming that your words are true, I should think your liberty would be worth something to you." Miss Bender turned, her face ugly in its mask of baffled rage. "You can turn me over to the police, but a copy of that photograph will be in Mrs. Thornton's hands tomorrow!" she cried, furiously. "My assistant will attend to that! And what I will swear to on the witness stand will be plenty!" Thornton smiled at her anger. Some- how he felt a curious sense of pleasure in playing with her, as a cat does be- fore eating the mouse it has caught. "My secretary has taken down every word that has passed between us this morning," he resumed. He arose and pulled aside a large picture hanging on the wall. The woman turned and saw a dic- taphone, and knew the man was not bluffing. "You realize, I suppose, that it is within my power to--" "Well, what's your proposition?" the blackmailer demanded, impatiently. Thornton reached over and pointed to the ring on, her finger. "If you con- sider a half-hour's work worth five thousand dollars, wouldn't you consider your liberty worth--that ring?" The woman seemed dumbstruck at his words. "Why, it's preposterous!" she ex- claimed, seething with fury. "That's according to the viewpoint you adopt," Thornton replied, quietly, with a note of triumphant mockery in his voice. "I'm busy, Miss Bender, but I'll grant you ten minutes to make your decision. Hand over that ring on your finger, and I'll give you your freedom and make no attempt at prosecution for your attempted blackmail. Otherwise, I shall be compelled to telephone for the police." After a few minutes' deliberation, the woman suddenly tore the ring from her finger and threw it angrily on his desk. An almost imperceptible sob escaped her lips. Thornton picked up the ring and placed it in his pocket. "Before you go, Miss Bender, I want to add to your dis- appointment by telling you that Mrs. Thornton would gladly have given you five thousand dollars for that photo- graph! That dictaphone you saw be- hind the picture was placed there by detectives in the employ of Mrs. Thorn- ton. She suspected that I was in love 