The Man Who Knew Too Much 109 bony sockets, and were now magnified by thick tone lenses. The man's bare feet were thrust into sandals, and he wore a light, loosely belted linen robe falling to his knees. He took Arbuth- not's hat and indicated an easy chair. The room was evidently Slade's gen- eral living quarters. It was large, square, lighted on two sides by win- dows. Its utter lack of the atmosphere of the conventional bachelor's "den" struck Arbuthnot at once: There were no hospitable glasses, or tea-things, nor so much as a pipe rack or ash tray. The place was as ascetic as a monk's cell; an effect heightened by Slade's girdled robe and the sandals. Books-- ranks and columns of them--in built-in cases along three sides of the wall. A great flat table, with reading lamp and precise stacks of papers, a rack of sharpened pencils, an open volume with fresh marginal annotations. A wide couch bed at one end, its blankets neatly folded. Filing cases at its head and foot. Through a half-open door Ar- buthnot glimpsed the famous laboratory --mostly a gleam of white enamel, against which glimmered the blue-green of retorts and the glitter of polished brass. Slade seated himself. "Do you believe that suicide is ever justifiable, Arbuthnot?" The physician started. "Certainly not!" Slade laughed. "Old inhibitions, doctor! First, your Hippocratian oath -- which was never composed by Hippocrates, and is a jumble of pompous platitudes. Then, your religion. We mustn't take life-- because that power is the only one we hold in common with God. Therefore --God is jealous!" Arbuthnot scanned the face before him, scored deeply with the lines of in- somnia, strangely illuminated with the vast mental energy going on within. Everything at top speed,--he thought without replying. Blood pressure too high, of course. Pulse rapid and wiry --you could catch its flutter over the hollow temples. Breathing short--and stirring only the upper chest. Burn out pretty fast, at this rate. . . . "I told you what my trouble was," Slade continued in his tired voice. "I know too much. And I know more now than on that day when I consulted you. Oh, very much more 1" Still the alienist uttered no comment. Let the poor devil talk. It was a relief --sort of safety-valve. "The fact is, I know so much that I am a menace to God Almighty! One of us--so it seems to me--must go. And you sit there, smugly, and tell me that suicide is wrong. As one would tell a naughty child not to bite its nails." Slade closed his eyes for a moment and inhaled a deep breath. Then he pulled open a drawer in his table and held out a little oblong glass slide. "Bits of protoplasm, Arbuthnot. Life cells. And all the scientists in the world, with their most cunning microscopes and reagents, cannot isolate one of them and say whether it would have devel- oped into a rear-admiral or a cucumber; an elephant or a moth; a theologian or a toadstool! Am I right ?" The physician half smiled. "With certain reservations you are perfectly correct," he admitted. "One step separates me from divin- ity," Slade remarked. "I haven't yet actually created a life cell, but I stand on the threshold. And then--what ?" "Many have stood on the threshold a long time, Slade. With the eggs of sea- urchins and--" "Grammar school stuff! Piffle!! I tell you, in less than a year, probably within three months, I can from inor- ganic substances form a living cell. Then, having the power of creating and destroying life, I shall emerge, the lone 