The Trap Thief By Hy. S. Watson and Asa Steele I "THE low-down sneaking thief!" Jack Ramsey's wrath hissed on his lips as he flung the steel traps to the ground. Of thirty, all but two had been stolen. Wrinkles of perplexity seamed his face as he sprawled on a great rock in the wilderness, munched his lunch and stared at a distant hilltop. Jack Ramsey's blue-gray eyes did not lack shrewdness. With his tawny hair, long face and lean jaw, they were com- bined in a type of youth not easily de- ceived. He concluded that the thief had followed him the night before through brush, fern and swamp and taken each trap as soon as he had moved on to the next one. But why steal them? The thief had a grudge against him? He had come from the neighboring town of Hones- dale, where he had lost his job in a mill, and was trapping here till he got other work. Being a stranger in the neighborhood, he could have no ene- mies. Perhaps, his traps had been stolen by a- some hobo-- The thought brought Jack upstand- ing. Tossing the crumbs of his lunch to a scolding squirrel, he set off at a brisk pace northward. The confidence of his advance proved that no part of this strange place was unfamiliar to him. Yet few domains of equal size set up so many barriers against a close acquaintance. In some distant age a great glacier, crushing and combing the mountains to the north as it advanced, had here found a conqueror in hot sunshine. As the ice field melted, vast masses of granite boulders, pebbles and gravel buried in the frozen depths were cast into hummocks resembling little moun- tains, or piled in driftways or stacks like playing cards or ears of corn, in indescribable confusion. Thus was formed this utterly barren, haphazard place some five miles square, now honeycombed with swamps or covered, where the rocks permitted, by bush or forest. Around this land passed modern highways. Aeroplanes soared overhead. Toward it, thriving New Jersey towns were crowding close. Thirty-five miles away, as the crow flies, stood the City Hall of New York, the world's greatest metropolis. Yet the hardships that must be faced while penetrating this natural fortress caused it to remain almost un- known and shunned by men. Jack Ramsey recalled having seen, while hunting in previous years, a de- serted cabin built by lumbermen on a rocky knoll near the northern end of the wilderness. Here might live the tramps who were helping themselves to his traps. He would call them to time. His visit to the cabin was one of sur- prises. From the crooked chimney curled smoke that intrigued his nostrils with odors of sassafras and newly made coffee. Crumbling woodwork had been replaced and the windows reglazed and hung with curtains of snowy whiteness. Flowers were blooming in a border along a wall. The door was opened by an upstand- ing, buxom girl, sweet and wholesome as the sunshine that had tanned her 37 