The Prisoner Speaks 7 the accused was found on the edge of town farthest from his home, but walk- ing toward it. When apprehended Smith had not been advised of the charge laid against him until after he had been lodged in jail. While offering no resistance, he had earnestly protested against his ar- rest. He proclaimed both innocence and ignorance of any crime or misde- meanor that would justify it, and de- manded that the accusation against him be stated immediately. Through some official misunderstanding or over- sight it was not, in fact, until that eve- ning, after dark, that he was told the reason for his arrest. It was then that the prosecuting attorney, having dis- covered the omission, hastened to the jail to explain in person. Stifling his natural horror of the deed and abhorrence of the perpetrator of it, the prosecuting attorney had displayed great consideration and humanity in choosing his words and in his manner of speaking when he told Samuel Smith that his crime had been discovered; the body and incriminating evidence found. Indeed, he had been quite severely criti- cized by a number of the townspeople for being so "mealy-mouthed" in "con- fronting that Molochian monster with his heinous homicide"--the quotations being from the account published in the weekly newspaper of L-. The prisoner had added consider- ably to the resentment felt against him by his manner of receiving the news and his attitude and actions during the interview in jail with the prosecutor. At first he did not seem to realize the portent of the prosecuting attor- ney's opening remarks, and, the latter said in describing the incident, pre- tended not to comprehend that his wife was actually dead. When disgusted with the man's pretensions of ignorance, the Attorney had bluntly stated the bald fact of the mutilated condition in which the body of Harriet Smith had been found, the prisoner had simulated over- powering shock. He staggered to the cell cot on which he fell, or sat, with his head in his hands. He remained in this attitude, silent, for over a min- ute, until the representative of the law impatiently ordered him to cease his mummery. Then he sprang to his feet with a single, sharp, inarticulate ex- clamation, and would have attacked the prosecuting attorney if it had not been for the fortunate presence of the dep- uty sheriff, who restrained him by force. Subsequent to this one outburst Smith had assumed and maintained that attitude of cool aloofness, appar- ently almost of indifference, in which he had obstinately persisted until the very end of the trial. Later, in interviews with the police, newspaper-men and one or two privi- leged citizens, including the rector of St. Luke's, Smith talked freely of the affair and seemed, if anything, anxious to discuss every possible detail of the case. It was as if he was an inter- ested onlooker, rather than the mortal most vitally concerned in the murder and the proceedings that were the out- come of that crime. While Smith asserted his innocence and total ignorance of every thing or circumstance connected with the trag- edy, except as it had been told to him, he displayed what was deemed to be a morbid, if not ghoulish, curiosity in even the most minute descriptions of every detail connected with it. He questioned and cross-questioned every- one with whom he was allowed to talk, asking them to tell him of the discovery of his wife's body, the wounds, the weapon, how it and the bloody shoes and gloves happened to be found, what was said and by whom, the exact posi- tion of the furniture in the living-room when Mrs. Garford, and later the of- ficers, entered, the failure to observe 