In Full Payment 105 ing Westlake talking to his friend crowded his brain and bewildered him. One by one he sorted them and weighed them and placed them in their proper relationship. And it seemed to him when he was done that his duty was clear. Then in his whole being there raged a battle between duty and desire. It lasted until the dawn had lighted up the chimney-pots and paled the stars. It left Chu Kwong exhausted, but around his lips there were lines of pur- pose and determination. The next morning he visited Li Sing, importer of teas and spices and perhaps a little of the juice of the yellow poppy. After he and his host had accom- plished the necessary ceremonies of greeting, he came to the purpose of his call. "Li Sing," he said, "there is a debt of money that you owe my father." The other Chinaman moved his huge bulk uneasily. He coughed behind his hand, shaking his head sadly. "That is true, O elder brother." "And you can pay?" Li Sing grew still more embar- rassed. "My business is poor, son of an illus- trious father, and I have no money." Chu Kwong's eyes narrowed. "Debts may be paid in other ways than with money," he suggested. Li Sing's face brightened. "What is it that you wish me to do ?" Chu Kwong leaned over him and whispered a sentence or two into his ear. The other man sprang to his feet. "No ! No !" he cried. "That is im- possible." "Why ?" Li Sing stretched forth his hands ap- pealingly. "But can you not see? There is the danger to my life." Chu Kwong, sitting as immovable as an idol, looked at him coldly. "But there is the danger to your honor if you do not do as I have asked," he said brutally. "Shall your ancestors lose face because you are a cheat and a coward ?" Then Li Sing fell upon his knees and pleaded. But to all his offers and pro- testations Chu Kwong turned a deaf ear. His eyes were veiled with the mist of incomprehension, as though he could not understand the other's words. At last Li Sing rose. He made a little gesture of defeat. "I will do as you have ordered," he said quietly. "That is well," Chu Kwong replied. Then he, too, rose and departed. III Chu Kwong again stood humbly be- fore his father. "My father," he said, "I have paid your debt to the white barbarian and also I have collected that which Li Sing owed you." The old man nodded his head gently. "You have done well, my son. Tell me now the details." Chu Kwong cleared his throat. "I found the white barbarian sick, O my father. And I removed from his person that which was gnawing at his heart. I permitted Li Sing to be my servant in the matter and for his ser- vices absolved him from his debt." He drew forth a clipping from a London newspaper, and translating slowly, read it to his father: All London was shocked by the brutal murder of Lady Miriam Westlake. The hor- rible event took place last night as the de- ceased was leaving the Haymarket Theatre in the company of her husband. According to witnesses, a short, stout man spraflg from the crowd and silently plunged a -long knife into her back. In the ensuing excitement the assailant escaped and there was no one 