96 The Dark Brown Dress It was signed "R. Goodnow." "Harding is their lawyer," said Me- roe, drawing from his pocket the en- velope he had found in Brentore's desk. "If you will wire R. Goodnow of the death of Mr. and Mrs. Brentore, I will run up to see Harding and tend to one or two other matters. Then we will meet at Marston's at twelve-thirty for a bite of lunch before ending this curious little story about the woman in a dark brown dress who stared at Henry Grover. . . . " There was an odd smile on Meroe's face, but before I could speak he was striding down the street away from me. * * * Shortly before twelve-thirty I seated myself in the lobby of Marston's to wait for Meroe. At twelve-fifty-five he came through the door as if he had been hur- rying. His brows were puckered and he appeared distressed. "What news?" I asked. "That there were absolutely no traces of poison," he replied, leading me quick- ly to a table in the corner. "Then--then the whole thing is a farce--I mean about the crime part of it? What about the janitor and Kramer? What about Barhart and the house doc- tor? ..." But Meroe did not answer. After giving our order, he leaned back in his chair, with his chin sunk to his chest in deep thought. "There is not much time," he said. "I must make some sort of a showing at two o'clock, or the reputation of a year's hard work will be seriously injured. Not that I really care," he added, with a curious light in his eyes and a slow shaking of the head. "What did you find from Harding?" I asked, but again he was lost in thought and did not hear me. We ate in silence. Then we sat in silence. I looked at my watch. It was after one-thirty. Suddenly Meroe leaned over to touch my arm. "Do you remember," he asked slowly, "if those needle-pricks were directly over one of the large veins?" "No," I answered. "No, I did not think to notice." "It all hinges upon that," he said. "Let us go." We arrived at the Claridge a moment before two. The elevator boy was wait- ing for us. "They are all upstairs," he said. As we approached the door to the room I could see that, indeed, they were all within; all who had been present in the morning. At the side of the door was Larkin, from Headquarters. He stepped down the hall to meet us. "They tell me, Mr. Meroe," he re- marked drily, "that you are attempting to build a murder out of a case of heart failure." "Perhaps," smiled Meroe, making his way through the door and on past the assembly into the bedroom. He was followed with curious eyes. In a moment he appeared again. There was a blank expression on his face as he looked at the coroner. "The bodies have been removed, Mr. Meroe," he was informed. "Are they with Jordan?" "Yes." "Then I must phone Jordan." As Meroe disappeared there was a great murmur of voices. Upon his re- turn he stepped behind the table on the left of which were the coroner, Bar- hart, Grover and the house doctor. "I will begin," said Meroe, "by telling you what I have been able to discover about Mr. and Mrs. Brentore, the de- ceased. They were a lonely, childless couple, at one time poor. Five years ago Mr. Brentore came into sudden wealth through interests in an African diamond 