86 Thornton Smiled Significantly "Then, of course, I shall make the best bargain possible with Mrs. Thorn- ton. I'm giving you first option." "So generous of you," Thornton smiled, scornfully. She seemed entirely unabashed and stood waiting expectantly, as if never doubting the final acceptance of her offer. Thornton was interested in the wo- man's methods; she seemed so confident of herself. "Tell me," he said, interestedly, "is this an--everyday occurrence with you?" She smiled reprovingly. "Rich men are not so plentiful, Mr. Thornton. Besides, we must pick our time. I never take chances--I always make sure of my ground first. You will notice I chose a time when you would be least likely to have any callers." "But why all the rigmarole about the mysterious invention ?" he per- sisted. "I can't seem to conquer my love for dramatics, Mr. Thornton," the woman replied, smiling sheepishly. "I once followed the profession, you know, until I discovered there were greater returns in my present one. Besides, it is rather difficult to prepare to take a flashlight in a man's office without exciting his suspicion. The curtain covering the lens of the camera, you will recall, was not drawn back until the exact moment before the charge of powder was ig- nited. All a matter of mechanism," she explained, rather proudly. "I suppose the--returns--are very gratifying ?" he queried, noticing a huge diamond on her finger. "I have no complaint," she replied, not taken back in the slightest. "Some- times it is--rather embarrassing--but I try to cause as little trouble as pos- sible." "And is that part of your returns?" Thornton asked, pointing to the stone on her hand which was flashing bril- liantly in the early morning sunlight. She gazed proudly at the diamond. "Isn't it gorgeous?" she said, enthu- siastically. Thornton knew enough of precious stones to realize that the ring must have cost several thousand dollars. The dia- mond was extraordinarily large and of very fine cut. The woman turned suddenly to go. "Well, Mr. Thornton, I know you're a busy man, so I won't take up any more of your time---today. If we have been unfortunate in our photography, we will not bother you again. If it comes up to our expectations, I shall return tomorrow at this time for your decision." Thornton bowed her out, admiring, in spite of himself, the woman's self- possession and complete confidence. A few moments later he rang for his secretary, anxious to get his day's mail off his mind, so that he could give thought to the new problem that had thrust itself upon him. He waited a few moments and was surprised that Miss Armstrong was, not as prompt as usual in answering. He looked into the outer office and found her at her desk, gazing dreamily out the window, apparently oblivious to her surroundings. He called her wonderingly. She rose with a start, and, smiling sheepishly, followed him into his office. "Day dreaming?" he asked, smiling. Miss Armstrong laughed, rather shamefacedly. "Yes, and a very fool- ish thing to dream about. I was pictur- ing myself wearing the ring worn by the lady who just left." "It was a beauty, wasn't it ?" he con- ceded. "Oh, it was wonderful!" his secre- tary exclaimed, with beaming eyes. From the expression on the girl's 