Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil 57 dumb. There had been an argument and those who could had not hesitated to use their voices. Martha testified to that. Therefore there was one who could not speak, but was still deter- mined to have his say. The man in the bushes, he decided, was stone deaf. Sensing danger, when the others took to their heels, there had been no sound to warn him of the direc- tion of the danger. Therefore he crouched in the bushes with his eyes to the main gate, waiting for a glimpse of his peril. The sudden start of the thief, which he felt, rather than saw, as he collided with him, showed that the man had not even heard his running pursuit or his shouts calling rather foolishly upon the burglars to halt. So far, so good, he had decided. But what of the third man--of that figure that seemed to drag behind another at his last glimpse of them. Therefore he welcomed the daylight. The mode of entrance had been sim- ple--a jimmy applied to one of the win- dows opening on the front veranda. 'Apparently the thieves were familiar with'the house and the habits of the family, knew that his chauffeur had taken his daughter away in his car to spend the summer with relatives and that the master being out for the eve- ning, old Martha would be alone in the mansion. Naturally, they had unlocked the front door from the inside and their escape had been equally simple. The well-kept lawns and graveled walks and drives revealed no sign of footprints. Even in the clump of 'rose bushes where he had fallen there were only a few marks of knees, heels and toes to mark the brief encounter. The deaf man, apparently, had run from there straight across the lawn to the main highway and vaulted the stone wall. But the other two had run at a tangent over the rising ground beyond which lay his vegetable garden. Per- haps there was something to be found there. A detective might never have read the signs beyond the little hill, but to the physician they were as plain as if he had seen what had hcippened. Just over the brow, the slighter growth of grass had been torn as one of the men stumbled and fell. More than that, there were signs of a struggle between them and marks as though the rear- ward of the two was being dragged along with his toes scraping up the soil. Just beyond was a bit of cloth which proved to be the cleanly ripped off patch pocket of a cheap coat. Beyond that the track divided. One man had run straight and true across the tilled vegetable garden to the board fence beyond and apparently made his way to the trolley line. But the other had blundered about, crashing into trees, fences and shrubbery and then run in a zigzag fashion, tumbled into a cress pond and finally crashed through a board fence and fallen sprawling in a lane. "Crazed by fright," a trained detec- tive might have said. "The third man is blind," stated the doctor as he turned back to his library. A careful search of the floor by day- light revealed no more of the pearls. A check of the remnant showed that the string had broken, scattering their nfatched treasures, and it seemed prob- able that the thieves in a hasty search had found only the largest, as though they had groped for them by the touch of their hands. Sadly, Dr. Porter placed the rifled case in his pocket, gathered up his scattered papers, kicked his expertly opened safe, and started by trolley for the city. On the way in he heard several things that interested him, but kept hfs own counsel. He had fully decided upon his plan, which had for its object the recovery of the pearls rather than the 