The Trap Thief 39 In a swamp near the middle of the wilderness lay a low mass of rock cov- ered with woodland. On this island Jack had set up a shelter of poles, can- vas and spruce boughs and stored his food and equipment. A dry, winding path across the swamp had ends which he had cunningly concealed from casual eyes. In the darkness, he wrapped himself in his blankets and stretched himself on a heap of spruce twigs to sleep. How long he lay thus he could not tell. Sud- denly he found himself wide awake, staring at a light shining across the swamp. Beyond the causeway boulders were piled fifty feet high in ragged confusion, ending abruptly in a flattened top. Jack had named it the Bag of Bones. On the summit, out of reach of plundering lum- bermen, rose a stately ash, its boughs flung wide. It was among the leaves of this ash tree that the rays of light were shin- ing. Any natural source for them was discounted by the fact that the light rose from below. So great was its power that the leaves and branches over which it strayed were stamped with the bril- liant vividness of sunshine. Ramsey stumbled toward the cause- way. Before he reached it, the light had vanished. He stared into the dark- ness to make sure, then kicked himself for his stupidity. A searchlight in the bowels of the earth was too grotesque for belief. He returned to his bed, cer- tain he had been dreaming. Through the mist of the early morn- ing he made a round of his traps. Of the thirty, on this day eighteen were missing! Ramsey's eyes grew hard. He began a thorough combing of the wild- erness, searching for traces of the thief. Finally he found footprints beside a brook. They had been made by a short, broad shoe on the soles of which had been fastened strips of iron in the form of a double cross, to obtain a firmer foothold on uncertain ground. With dogged patience, Ramsey traced these footprints through woodland, gully, swamp and meadow. They led toward the road to Honesdale. He had nearly reached this road when the foot- prints were merged with the ruts of a heavy automobile. The car had been driven several times into a deserted lum- ber trail, turned and taken out again. Suddenly he saw that which made him conceal himself in a heap of boulders and stare cautiously through a screen of laurel toward the highway. A man had jumped out of a big, high- powered car and scurried into the neigh- boring forest. The car passed on as the stranger mounted a hillock and climbed a pine tree to the topmost branches. In a few minutes the car came back. A whistle sounded from the lookout in the pine tree. The automobile was turned into the trail and stopped in the old tracks. Two men leaped from the tonneau. One of them was carrying sev- eral packages. While the chauffeur turned the car, these passengers walked quickly to a large stone and, by their united strength, turned it over as if it were hinged and balanced. One of the men took a small package from the cav- ity beneath; the other deposited in it the parcels he was carrying. The stone was lowered into place and a moment later the men were in the automobile. One of the passengers whistled. No answer from the pine tree. A motor- cycle came into view on the main road. The men in the car exchanged glances, whispering, and one of them shook his head. A low whistle from the pine tree as- sured them that the way was clear. The automobile shot out of the lumber trail into the highroad and disappeared, as the lookout descended from the pine tree and walked away in the opposite direction. 