112 The Man Who Knew Too Much for us; but in depicting God's love we grope for words and say that he cares for us as a father for his son." He moved from the blue-green tanks with their faint stirrings of a nameless life shadowing the translucent glass. At the end of the screen he turned to look squarely back at Arbuthnot. "Although a narrow and unimagina- tive man, you are an honest one," he said. "You will know what to do. I am going back to nothingness!" The physician heard him cross the room, caught the soft click of the lever as he threw open the great steel door. He leaped forward, overturning the screen, and beheld Slade with a quick motion cast aside his single garment and shuffle off his sandals. His naked body stood out for a second against the dark interior of the metal closet; and then the door closed noiselessly behind him. Arbuthnot's impulse to rush forward and open the door was arrested by a deep, musical tone which came from the closet. Slowly, and by infinitesimal tonal shadings, it rose through the scale, cul- minating at length in an incredibly thin and high note, like the keenest harmonic of a violin. It died away into silence ; but he had a feeling that the sound was still mounting up and up, though now far beyond the range of his ear. Then he turned, steadily enough, and switched on the current in the electric incinerator. The half-hour that followed was never anything save a horrible night- mare. The details were not clear, and he made no effort to recall them. On many a sleepless night he prayed to be able to forget them all. When the furnace was white hot he began dropping into it, one by one, the living organisms from their glass tanks. As he moved back and forth, there were times when he felt that he was a malig- nant deity destroying a world. A sense of megalomania, like that induced by certain drugs, obsessed him. The poor creatures didn't want to die; that was plain enough. They clung to their bleak, arid lives, and they feared and hated him. When Slade had approached their tanks they had evinced a feeble pleasure or, at least, a sluggish indifference. But from Arbuthnot they shrank, seeking to hide away among the pebbles and sand and fragments of coral. And into his mind came the words of Scripture, how on the Last Day the human mites shall call upon the mountains to cover them! The little tree-man fought with a futile rage, seeking to bite his fingers, and making no more impression upon the skin than if it had been buffalo hide. Its tiny twig-like fingers struggled ceaselessly; and it seemed to feel acute pain as he uprooted it from its bed of clay. But the eel-woman offered no re- sistance ; and her tragic despair was the harder to bear. She covered her wee breasts with her hands, and tears unbe- lievably minute rolled down her face. Down Arbuthnot's streams of perspi- ration poured, as one by one he dropped Slade's creations hissing into the white- hot incinerator. When at length he had done, ending by burning the great boolc filled with the formulae which might con- ceivably enable another to recreate a forbidden microcosm, his limbs were trembling and his pulse racing. Ordinarily, he would have dreaded to open the steel door which Slade had closed behind him; but after what he had done, anything else seemed com- monplace. His nerves refused to react further. Listlessly, and almost incuri- ously, he crossed the room, turned the lever and pulled open the door. A wave of heated air swept out, stir- ring the damp hair upon his forehead. But there was no one inside. The steel closet was shining and empty. 