16 The Prisoner Speaks writing of this letter as being yours. Is it or is it not?" "I said before that it looks like mine." "Sufficiently like your handwriting that, if it should be a forgery, as you previously suggested, it would be a very clever one?" "Yes." "I see that you have your fountain pen in your pocket, Mr. Raggan. May I look at it? Thank you. . . . Your Honor, I offer this pen belonging to Randolph Raggan in evidence. . . . "This pen is your personal property, Mr. Raggan?" "It is." "I now ask you if this letter in ques- tion is or is not written in the same color of ink--a peculiar and unusual shade of green--as that contained in this pen ?" "I suppose so. Something like it." " 'Something like it' is not sufficiently definite, Mr. Raggan. You do not hap- pen to be color blind, do you?" "No. I told you before there is noth- ing the matter with my eyes." "Thank you. That is one thing I wanted to establish. Then--here--I will make several marks on the margin of this letter, using the pen that is your property. Are these marks and the body of the letter written with the same color of ink?" "Yes." "It is a peculiar shade of ink, isn't it?" "I don't know that it is. There must be plenty like it." "Do you know of anyone who uses the same color of ink--habitually, as I will be able to show, if necessary, that you have?" "No." "Then, if the letter is written in a hand that is a facsimile of your own, and with ink that is the same as that which you use, and which no one else that you know uses habitually, and the pen was a heavy stub as this belonging to you, and you recognized the contents sufficiently to 'guess' that you 'would not be such a fool as to sign' a letter of this kind--if these are the facts which they appear to be, will you kindly tell the jury, basing your opinion on your, wealth of experience in similar cases, who could have written this letter if you did not?" "I told you I don't know anything about it. You are conducting this ex- amination, not I." "Indeed! I had an impression ex- actly to the contrary, as to who was conducting this case, Mr. Raggan. But, if you persist in denying all knowledge of this letter or its author I now will offer it in evidence and, with the Court's permission, read it to the jury, allowing them to decide who wrote it. . . . "This letter, gentlemen of the jury, reads, in part, as--. But before I read it I will ask the indulgence of the Court, to allow me to take the stand for a few moments, that I may state, under oath, how this letter came into my possession and some of the attendant circum- stances. I am endeavoring to avoid the calling of other witnesses, though I am prepared to do so, to substantiate my testimony, if His Honor so directs. . . . I would request, Your Honor, that Randolph Raggan be instructed not to leave this courtroom, as I shall recall him to the stand when I have made my statement regarding this letter. . . . "This letter was handed to me by Mrs. Charles Garford. She has made affidavit that she found it on the floor of the living-room of my home at the time she discovered the body of my wife, that it was partly hidden by the dress of the deceased, and that she, Mrs. Garford, thought the deceased had it in her hand when she was killed. Mrs. Garford asserts that she had al- lowed her curiosity to overcome her dis- 