116 Fit for a King There is nothing particularly sus- picious about four or five people dying or disappearing in the course of a few weeks or months in this big world of ours, but when they happen to do so in the immediate vicinity of an isolated place up on a cliff looking out over the Pacific and none of them has any connection with one an- other, save through visiting this spot, something seems to be wrong. It is like there was a regular fog of sus- picion clustering about the whole locality and we plunged in first where the fog was thickest. But the trouble was to find the people who were or had been connected with the "Aerie." Stanwood was in charge, but it was easily found out that he spent most of his time in Seattle, Portland, Vancouver or Victoria. Indeed, the facts stood out like sore thumbs that he had been particularly conspicuous in one or another of these cities upon the dates of the mysterious disappear- ances, that he had seemed greatly con- cerned over them and had himself led the searching parties that had recov- ered the two women but had been un- able to find any trace whatever of the four men. Outside of him we could find no one regularly connected with the place ex- cept Song Chin, a Chinaman of the usually mystical age of forty or eighty or thereabout, who so completely "no- sabbied" everything except expert cook- ing that we had to give him up and put him in the same class with the rocks and the trees and the ocean. Rather, considering the fact that sermons are said to come from stones, that the big firs distinctly sing and that the waves roar in anger when their long ocean trip is ended at the coast, Song was dumbest of them all. There were a couple of young Indians who puttered about the place occasion- ally, cutting firewood and sometimes acting as guides in the woods or han- dling a few canoes and a motorboat that were kept in a sheltered cove about half a mile down the coast from the rocky crest where the house stood. But they were no different from a couple of hundred other young bucks along the coast and indeed Stanwood seemed to have employed a lot of them rather in- differently from time to time. It was true, as he explained, that a month's pay was enough to last one of them half a year and they usually quit on pay day. There was a garage, but no chauffeur or mechanic. Stanwood was fully quali- fied to act in both of these capacities and indeed that was one of the reasons Plainfield had put him in charge of the house. He was a whole crew of serv- ants in himself. During the time that guests were on the cliff, we found that it had been the custom for them to bring their own servants--a couple of Japa- nese boys or a maid sufficing for these visits, which were generally of a sort in which the utmost privacy seemed to be desirable. So we were up against it, so far as the house staff was concerned, and forced to attack at the mysterious house itself. III It was a twelve-mile ride through a huge forest of firs over a private road to reach the place and outside of a few scattered and tangled wood trails this was the only way to reach the "Aerie." Loggers had never penetrated that sec- tion and the underbrush was too thick to make the country attractive either for hunters or for deer or bear them- selves. It was one of those places where the forest remains just as God planted it, waiting its turn to serve its purpose in the world. From the sea, as we finally saw it, the place seemed the most inaccessible spot in the world. Standing high on a great 