The Mystery of the One-Legged Man 51 he found Parkington dead. A knife or some long, sharp instrument had been driven into his back. "What did you do then?" I asked. "Called Rodgers, the servant, and sent him oft' for the police." "You didn't rouse Wonderly?" "No. In the excitement I forgot all about the fellow." We entered the vicarage and raced up the stairs to Parkington's room. There we found Chief Constable Smithers in charge, and with him a quiet looking man whom he intro- duced as Inspector Grant of Scotland Yard, "down for a bit of a holiday, sir, and stopping with me." But for the moment I paid but lit- tle attention to Smithers and his friend. I was too greatly upset by the sight of the body I could make out lying beside the bed. My nat- ural sorrow at Parkington's death was added to by the awfulness of the way in which he had been taken from us. I went over and stood beside his body and looking down on it swore that I would find his murderer and see that he paid for his crime. Then I turned to Smithers for his report. "Squire," he began gravely, "what I have to tell you will probably sur- prise yoiw You have heard of the notorious Peg-Leg. Well, sir, there is every indication that this is an- other of his fiendish crimes." Both Fellows and myself stared in amazement. Smithers continued. "Yes, sir, I know that it sounds im- possible but nevertheless it seems to be a fact. Inspector Grant here who worked on both the Bascom case and that of Professor B elding, will bear me out when I say that all the clues we have been able to find point in that direction." Inspector Grant nodded his head. Smithers crossed the room and stood midway between the bed and an open window that looked out on poor Parkington's lawn. He pointed downward at the car- pet. "See here, sir. Those little round marks--and here--and here--leading right to the window, sir. And plenty more of them on the ground below accompanied by the print of one shoe which does not show on this carpet." "And those marks--" I began. "They're from a wooden leg," Smithers finished. "But see here," Fellows cried from beside the window. "How did the beggar get in the house. No man with a wooden leg could climb up here." Smithers shook his head. "No good, sir. It's really a very easy job. You have the hooks that hold the drain pipe all the way. Both Grant and I tried it and had no trouble at all." "Have you tried to follow the trail?" I asked. "Lor' bless you, yes, sir. We did that at once. But it leads nowhere. The prints are lost on the stone road less than a hundred feet down the highway." We were all bending over those horrible indentations in the carpet when a sound at our backs caused us to look up. In the doorway clad in his pajamas was Captain Wonderly rubbing his eyes and yawning. "I say, you chaps," he said, "what's up ?" Then he caught sight of Parking- ton's body and started forward. "Good heavens ! Parkington !" he exclaimed. "What's wrong with him? Is he hurt?" "Dead," I answered briefly. In a dazed sort of way Wonderly turned his eyes from one to another 