The Woman Who Cursed a Man 79 The signature was genuine. Of that there was no doubt. And the reputation of Amos Spaulding was above reproach; he was not the sort of man to be in- volved in any crooked deal. Raine was the most surprised man of all. He stated emphatically that he had not seen Madame Blavsky for six months; had he known that he was to be the recipient of her bounty he cer- tainly would not have taken advantage of the bankruptcy laws, but would have staved off his creditors until he was able to settle with them and re-establish him- self upon a firm business foundation. Because of the bequest the police grilled Raine, which, under the circum- stances, practically amounted to accus- ing him of the murder. He countered with a cast-iron alibi. On the night of the murder he had not left his apart- ments, but had remained at home, going over his accounts and preparing for the bankruptcy courts. His statement was corroborated by Hoskins, his valet. Hoskins, however, complicated matters by stating that he had admitted a heavily veiled woman shortly after nine o'clock in the evening and that she had not yet gone when Raine dismissed him at eleven. At Raine's orders he had placed a cold lunch on the sideboard and had then retired to his own quarters in the rear of the ten-room suite. He did not know what time the veiled woman had left. The servants at the home of Madame Blavsky stated that they had retired to their own quarters shortly after dinner. The only exception was Felice, whose night off it had been. She had returned from visiting a friend between ten and eleven, coming in by the servants' en- trance. It was always Madame's orders that on such occasions she should go to her own room, the Madame preferring to prepare herself for bed rather than run the risk of being disturbed should she fall asleep. Since none of Madame Blavsky's household had seen her from the time dinner was served until her body was found next morning, the police worked on the assumption that it had been she who visited Raine on the night in ques- tion. Just what they expected to gain by the assertion they did not state. The press, however, made a great deal of the incident. To complicate matters Raine refused to divulge the name of his fair visitor, asserting angrily that to do so would compromise the name of a good woman who had visited him purely upon a matter of business which was no affair of the police or public. Whereupon Fannie Fox, who had been a comedienne in one of Raine's de- funct companies, came forward and tearfully admitted to being the woman in question. She was willing to run the risk of ruining her reputation, she stated, rather than see Raine suffer for a crime of which he was innocent. She had gone to Raine's apartments dis- guised at his request, she stated, because he was back in his salaries with all his players. She had known the manager for years and he Wished to settle with her without the others knowing it. They had been hounding him to a degree where he was afraid to go to his offices. Consequently, when he had telephoned to her earlier in the evening asking her to visit him and talk matters over she had veiled herself as he asked. Raine's alibi was complete. A week later he took the police into his confidence and asked for their help. Where was the money Madame Blavsky had willed to him? In her signed statement she had admitted to being worth nearly half a million dollars. The books of the First National Trust and Savings Bank showed that they had had nearly that amount invested to her credit up until a week before her death. At that time she had suddenly asked that her securities be converted into cash and 