Fear 75 I patted her hand, but still that didn't mean anything. "It seems to me he is coming around pretty frequently these days." "You are not the only one who thinks so," and she blushed. Fathers may be stupid, but I knew my daughter and there was a great load gone off my mind. "Who is he?" I tried to be very stern. Then she slipped down into my lap and told me it was young Landis. The boy had more push than his father and was a comer. I liked him. They had decided that he was to come to see me the next day, and she had stayed at home to tell me about it. Her mother had already given her approval. Young Landis came to see me yes- terday. I liked the way he talked and I told him I was glad that Lucia had chosen him. When he left I felt so good I told Brentwood about it. I had to tell someone, because it meant so much to have my girl happy. He said that Landis was to be congratulated and left it at that. His manner meant nothing to me, and I had about decided to give myself a half holiday, when he came into my of- fice and invited me to dinner that night. He saw I was happy and he wasn't going to let me be. He knew I wouldn't refuse to go. I went. Everybody knows that now. He was just the same at dinner as ever. The same boasting of his amours. I managed to live through it, because all the time my mind was busy wondering whether I could argue him out of ask- ing for a larger share of the firm right at present. I wanted to give Lucia and Landis a start and I had to get all the returns I could get to do it properly. But it wasn't money he was after. "I am not going to keep you in suspense, Barnes," Brentwood began. "The reason I invited you up here im- mediately was to prevent you making the mistake you did this morning. It will never do for you to announce Lucia's engagement to too many people. They might not understand it later." "Understand what?" I demanded. I didn't need an answer. I knew what he meant, but I had to have him say it. "Because, Barnes, you will have to arrange for her to marry me." I didn't argue. I shot him. III Barnes finished his story as the train was crashing over the switches of the Grand Central. When they reached the station, the banker reached out his wrists for the handcuffs, but Thorne ap- parently didn't see the movement, as he led the way out. After Thorne had deposited his prisoner at the Tombs, his one thought was the piece of carbon paper in Brent- wood's safe deposit box. A brief sketch of Barne's story procured an order for his entry to the box. Buried under a mass of bonds, securi- ties and letters Thorne found an un- marked envelope. In it was a piece of carbon paper, carefully folded once. The detective had brought a mirror with him, and he held it before the car- bon to read the damning evidence. With staring eyes he read: Mr. Blair Townley, Chairman Charity Ball Commit- tee. Dear Sir: On instructions from Mr. Barnes I am enclosing herewith a check for $10 for tickets No. 313 and No. 314 to the Charity Ball. 