100 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE "Baked or starved -- what's the difference?" Lane muttered. "You'll find out," Hargish told him. "You'll--'' "It's beginnin' to rainl" somebody yelled. "A li'l late," Hargish grunted. "All of you, come inside. You can bring your damn outlaw along." CHAPTER FIVE Honor For Honor "I AIMED to make a different sort of offer," Hargish said. Lane glared at the man, then at his men lounging nearby. "I see," Lane growled. "It'd been a good one, too--seein' you brought these gents with you to keep the peace you figgered your offer would sorta bust . . . Well, get to hell on with your offer." "Miss Fraly," Hargish said, "you have somethin' cornin' to you. It's up to me to say what. Here's the amount on this paper. "Lane, the pool's got notes due. Your beef won't carry you because you won't have no range. You see, I'll need ever' bit of free range that ain't burnt; I'll need the li'l bit of grass you owe the bank on--an' then there'll be too many head on the range." He held up one hand to forestall Lane's angry retort. "I don't want to bust you folks. I admit I don't want li'l outfits clutterin' things up. Miss Fraly, what you have cornin' will be give to you in cattle, an' you'll have to move them, of course. Lane, an' you others, I'm lettin' you keep your beef if you get off your range right away. If you don't, I'll call the notes on you, an' take ever'thing! "Don't cuss me. Seein' your outlaw friend's brother had a hand in this, maybe your outlaw can suggest some- thin'." "There's no range in several hun- dred miles, an' the beef ain't ready for market 1" Asia Lane spat. "An' stop blamin' Rem. After all he done--" "Wait." Rem's quiet word stopped Lane's rising tirade. "I know where there's range, about a hundred miles from here. Plenty of fine valley range, with water an' grass an' timber. You'd live in peace there, an' prosper, an' you could see to it no range hog rooted you out. You could build your own town." "Sounds like a dream," lanky Rep Jones allowed. "It's a dream I've had," Rem ad- mitted. "But the valley ain't a dream. It's up in the Desertions, an' I got a right to go there. The Kings still owe you folks somethin'. Maybe that'll pay up." "I understand." Lane nodded. "Damnation Valley. But the outlaws will fight--" "There ain't many there now. More will leave after what took place down here," Rem interrupted. "The fight'll be with Rom an' Buck Honor." "We'll tend to that if you lead us in," Lane avowed. "No. You're married. Young Gor- don's got a mother an' sister to think of. The others have dependents, too. It's up to me to claim part of my own heritage. Maybe Rom'll listen to rea- son." "Y'know he won't," Rep Jones growled. "Me, I got nobody dependin' on me. I'm traipsin' along for the ride." "Rest of us'll bunch the cattle an' start them movin'," Lane muttered. "If anything happens, I mean, if we don't go into the mountains, we got to move, along, anyhow. But before I go--" His fist hit Hargish's jaw and Har- 