78 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE an' the outfit, too, thinkin' 'em straight as string. Foreman complained o' rus- tlin', so did the men, but Gant, though he seemed worried sometimes, didn't say nothin'. Sheriff McKell at Fair- chance was keen to grab somebody for it, but all trails led to these here Solda- dos, an' after they went in, it left him hands up. Well, 's mornin' I was ridin' up the north end o' Cactus Valley, where the Forty Mile River makes the big bend. A lot o' cattle, JG's, had gone down the trail between the cut banks to drink. Noticed a consider- able heap o' bawlin' goin' on an' lo- cated a calf out in midstream, fightin' the swift current, which was slow but sure carryin' it away an' it's mammy makin' most o' the noise, while tryin' to reach the pore li'l* critter. Well, I seen the calf was losin', so unstrapped my rawhide, left the roan top o' the cut bank an' avalanched down. I wouldn't trust my boss' legs on that trail. Judged forty feet would just about make the youngster an' slung 'er out an' snaked the li'l' feller inshore, the oF lady follerin' an' tryin' to gore me for helpin' the kid. I went up the cut bank a hanged sight faster'n I come down. But, by golly, I forgot that cow critter's ingratitude when I looked over to where I'd left the roan standin'. 'Stead o' the roan, a grey cayuse that I never remembered seein' on the JG was trailing its reins, an' all sweatin' an' fagged. Bug-eyed, I tracked over an' looked it up an' down. It sure had traveled plenty hard an' I noticed the rope was missin' off the saddle. Just about that time I heard a bunch o' hoofs an' lookin' back at the buttes, there came riders hellbent around the edge, Sheriff McKell headin' 'em. Natcherel, I just stood still an' let 'em come up. But what you think? Says the Sheriff, stem, 'So you're one o' the waddies, huh, McCord?' I told him he's locoed, till he cut me short, sayin' him an' the rest had caught me an' a Mexican brand-blottin' in the bresh an' chased us, that the color o' my hoss an' its condition gimme away even though they hadn't seen my face. 'We got you,' says McKell, 'an' the greaser, what you parted from, we'll get later.' An' he got down an' was gettin' out the come-alongs when I told him to listen, an' I told him so hard he did listen, an' the others too. I showed him my wet rope, told him what I'd been doin' told him how I'd been ridin' a roan an' found the grey hoss when I come up the bank. But he wouldn't believe me, none of 'em, an' theft along come Joe Gant, ridin' around the buttes like the possay had, forkin' my red roan! Gant, bold as brass, wanted to know what's goin' on when he rode up, an' after he'd heard the Sheriff's yarn an' my yarn, he turned on me savage. 'So you're one that's been wolfin' my stock I' he shouts, usin' a tone I'd never heard before. 'You been with me just a month an' you didn't bring no recom- mend, just yourself an' ridin'-gear an' a ton o' alkali you'd picked up footin' it. Ought've knowed better'n to sign on a plumb stranger, but I'm soft- hearted. This'll cure me. I wondered why you rode the grey this mornin' when I found the roan you usually fork in the corral; the grey's faster an' you figgered you might have to travel fast. So you caught him red- handed, eh?' he says to McKell. 'Well, take him.' But the Sheriff didn't. I thought it queer Gant should be brand-blottin' his own stock, but the whole danged deal was queer--an' I knowed Gant was a crook an' tryin' to put the blame on me. He was sittin' his hoss right close. I dogged sudden, jumped up behind him, punched my gun into him an' promised to shoot if the Sheriff moved. I'd noticed there was no rifles in the crowd, so ordered Gant to back the roan. When we'd 