74 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE through the rear opening in the wagon cover, the hooking, lowing herd crowded past on the rock trail, fifty yards or so from the camp of the Earps and McCord. The Kid and old Ezra were hunched over the fire, apparently conversing, but in reality listening and hoping that none of the horsemen convoying the herd would take it into their heads to ride over. Ordinarily the Earp-Mc- Cord camp would not have been both- ered. It was an unwritten law of the lawless who lived in the Soldados that none of the many camps distributed through the mountains should molest or interfere in any way with one an- other. One camp might be that of cat- tle rustlers, another road agents, an- other smugglers, all engaged in separate criminal callings, but all living to- gether, as in one great rock fort, for mutual protection. But one member of this particular stock-stealing gang re- turning from a raid was a curious in- dividual, a minder of other people's business. The covered wagon caught his eye as he was riding by at the tail of the herd. It looked like newcomers to the stronghold of the hunted; a wagon was an uncommon sight here. He wondered what was in it. Once his curiosity was aroused he must some- way satisfy it. He spurred from his position in the drag, out among the boulders to the open space where the fire burned. The Kid and Ezra Earp turned their heads as the horseman slashed in with a strident, "Howdy?" He pulled up, got down, his glance trailing rapidly over the two faces that were unfamiliar to him, then resting a long moment on the wagon beyond the fire. "Just get in?" said the rustler, push- ing back his Mexican sombrero. "Gun- runnin'?" jerking his head toward the wagon. "Well, snakes!" As he spat the exclamation, he bent over, his eyes lighting, fastened on something beside the fire to the left of Earp. Earp and the Kid shifted their eyes, following his glance. A sun-bonnet-- June's! She'd dropped it and they hadn't noticed. The Kid could have kicked himself--and Ezra! Where had their eyes been! The Mexican-hatted waddy squatted down, mightily interested. He was a white man, though he affected greaser gear, even to Chihuahua spurs. "So!" he said, in an oily voice, "you're bring- in' a moharrie in, eh? Where's she at? Don't be stingy, hombres, let's see--" THAT was as far as he got. He was next to the Kid who suddenly lifted with a growl deep in his throat and falling on the rustler, beat him flat and insensible with the barrel of his quickly drawn pistol. "You see," said McCord, standing above the senseless form, "what would happen to your girl, Earp, if you shoved on into the mountains. You--" From out of the darkness uptrail, the direction taken by the cattle thieves, a voice bawled, "Hey, Brazos, you cornin'? What's keepin' you?" A streak of fortune, thought the Kid, who had acted on hot impulse, that the other tail-rider had not seen his com- rade struck down. McCord was quick witted. He foresaw dire calamity to the Earps--to June Earp--if Brazos did not rejoin his gang immediately. Instantly the Kid called, "I'm cornin'," in the best imitation of Brazo's voice he could muster: not a good imitation by any means, but passable on account of the noise made by the cattle blun- dering along in the dark. Stooping, McCord snatched the big sombrero from the fallen man, tossed his own hat at Earp's feet and hissed: "Take it, my hoss, an' your girl, an' yourself, an' quit these mountains pronto. An' stay out, if you got any 