46 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE out for him. Sam's bartender, while he could not be numbered an enemy, could not be counted on for assistance, as the first exchange of shots had driven him to cover under the bar. Hallock regretted riding into the saloon, realizing his extreme disadvan- tage in being higher than the heads of his enemies, a bull's eye for even poor marksmanship, which was unknown in that gun-toting town, and he set about at once to rectify the mistake he had made in a flurry of anger. To dismount, facing the foe and shooting simul- taneously, was no small feat, rendered more difficult by Happy Hoofs' attack of skittishness. She was ordinarily not gun-shy, but the close quarters, the deafening volume of sound, the acrid, choking smoke, all combined to craze her, and she "wilded up" at the critical moment. Hallock had withdrawn his feet from the stirups and was drawing up his right leg to clear the pommel when the iron-shod hoofs slipped on the none-too-clean floor -- though there were a half dozen brass cuspidors in different parts of the barroom--and the paint mare crashed down on her left side, pegging one leg of her rider to the floor and his back against the bar. The aim of three desperadoes was thereby spoiled and the bullets slammed into the side-wall of the saloon, so close to- gether that they bored one large hole. Nothing daunted by the mishap, Hal- lock whanged away from the floor, get- ting two of the ambitious artillerists in as many seconds. "Get up, girl, get up!" he kept repeating and the paint mare, recovering quickly from the shock of the fall, struggled hard. One black-bearded Patane, thinking to take advantage of Hallock while he was down, stole forward on the balls of his feet for a close shot, the mare's move- ments in trying to rise being discon- certing. Patane imagined he was un- observed and had but two steps to go when one of the gunfighter's Colts roared at him over Happy Hoof's shoul- der. The dying bad man, as he dropped face first, struck the scrambling Happy Hoofs with his out-thrown hands, which so startled the paint that she jumped, snorting, and heaved upright on her feet. Hallock, mindful of his pet's danger, even in the thick of the fight, denied himself the protection her body might have afforded while he was get- ting up; slapped her flank with a gun- barrel, which drove the animal outside. A BULLET splintered the bar close to Hallock's left ear. His left leg was somewhat numb from the weight of the horse, but he planted his right foot firmly and with back braced against the bar, slid to nearly his full height, crouched in characteristic fighting pose. Lew Harney and Sid Cobb cattle thieves, when they were working, ready gun-fanners working or loafing, found themselves in direct line with Hair- Trigger's leveled sixes. Harney al- ready had taken one shot at the two- gun man and missed and Hallock knew it. Both waddies were standing near a poker table. Lew whirled like a flash, upsetting the table and jerking Cobb down as he threw himself behind it. Harney was just a fraction too slow to save himself. A slug whined unerringly from one of Hallock's guns and smashed between the rustler's eyes. Harney lifted to his feet with a short yell, then fell against the barricade he had arrayed,turning the table over on its top, the legs plumb, and exposing Sid Cobb. "Fanning" his triggerless Colt, that is, striking the thumb of his left hand against the hammer, Sid un- limbered but one shot before Hallock tucked a "settler" in his chest and he slid forward, gasping, beside his late partner in cattle raiding. But four of Hallock's enemies stood, unhurt, avid, in spite of the destruction 