TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE 5 THOUSANDS OF MEN ARE NOW PUSHING YOU UP TO PROMOTION AND HIGHER PAY Never before have you faced the opportunity you have today. Millions of men are going to work in expanded plants, and offices in new industries. They must have supervision, there will be thousands of new super-visory and executive job. Authorities agree that there is a shortage of men for these advanced jobs. The industries haven't time to train all these executives -- they must locate many men already prepared and capa-ble. That means you -- if you are ready or will get ready quickly. These supervisory jobs will be of every kind -- office, plant, accounting, traffic, legal, secretarial -- they will oc-cur everywhere. They will be in new defense plants, in plants expanded to handle defense orders, and in ordinary product plants (because many men will go from these to, the defense plants or into military service). Obviously, too, this demand will continue to grow for some time to come. The men who act most quickly will get the most advantage from this un- paralleled opportunity. They will be shoved up most quickly and fartthest. LaSalle training fits this situation ex-actly. It is supervisory, executive training. It is condensed, practical; you study methods and apply them to typical busi-ness problems. It is spare-time training -- take it as fast as your time permits. You need not wait until you have finished it -- what you study tonight, you can use on the job tomorrow. Employ-ers know of LaSalle training -- welcome the LaSalle trained men. You must act quickly. Ask for our 48-page, free booklet on the field in which you are interested. It describes the field, its'opportunities, and its de- mands and tells how our trainmg [gets] you for the field. Send the coupon today. LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A Correspondence Institution Dept. 492-R Chicago I want to prepare for one of those advanced jobs created by the present situation. As a first step, I must get full information. Please send me your free 48-page booklet on the field I have checked below. □ Industrial Management □ Foremanship □ Accounting □ Executive Manartement □ Salesmanship □ Bookkeeping □ Traffic Management □ Business Law □ C.P.A. Coaching □ Business Correspondence □ Law □ Business English Name Age Address Present Position 