NO MANBREAKERS WANTED! 63 won't get me nowheres?" Stark said, "Thinking." The clerk said, "Hump" in an ex- asperated voice. Then Stark said, "Don't tell me they bought cartridges, canteens and canned tomatoes." The clerk stopped wandering around and looked at the Ranger. He asked, "They? Who?" Then he added, thoughtfully, "There was only one of them." There was a lightning gleam in the Ranger's eyes. He asked, "Stranger? Slim? Middle height? Light eye- brows?" The clerk looked surprised and asked, "How'd you know?" Stark said, "I didn't know. I was just hoping." Then he asked, "You didn't see the horse?" The clerk answered, regretfully, "No. I didn't John." Then he said, "But he bought two canteens, and enough stuff for two." Stark nodded to that, "Guess he's what I'm looking for. They robbed the bank in Tucson. Three of them. They shot the cashier. But somebody got one of them as they was getting out of town. I lost them up in the foothills in the dark and thought I'd make a try for here. One of 'em was wounded." The fat clerk's eyes had opened wide as he asked, "You don't say? And shot the cashier? How much did they get away with?" Stark said, "I didn't wait to find out." Then he asked. "How long ago and which way did he head?" Fat told him, "Early this morning and he pulled out for the river." He spoke thoughtfully, "Canteens and tomatoes and there's water between here and the Mexican border." He thrust a fat finger at the Ranger and pronounced, "They're heading for the desert first!" Stark nodded to that and slid off the counter. He said, "Get me some to- matoes Fat." The clerk nodded and walked around behind the counter, muttering, "my, my, and shot the cashier." The Ranger spoke seriously, "Just the same Fat, some of these ginks you tip off to me are going to get wise some- day, and then where'll you be?" Fat said, "Hump. Me?" in a vindic- tive voice, reached under the counter and brought out a double barreled sawed off shot gun. He said, "Take a look." STARK spoke in mock seriousness, "But don't put the butt against your stomach Fat when you let fly both barrels." The clerk ignored that to suddenly shout, "But my, my, I forgot. Listen John Old Turkey Tracks, that old pros- pector, and his granddaughter, they left for the desert yesterday! Was go- ing to fill their burro kegs at the river and hit the desert last night." The Ranger's quizzical eyes sobered. He shook his head, muttering softly, "That cooks it! They're two tough hombres. Bad ones." He started for the door, throwing over his shoulder, "Adois, Fat. I'll come and tell you about it." The clerk spoke comfortably, "Sure you will." John Stark of the Rangers pushed open the screen door and his slitted eyes fought the searing glare of the sun of southern Arizona. A great bay horse at the hitch rail lifted a splendid head to look at him and nickered, softly. The horse walked along the one dusty street of Sacatone City, tossing his head, rolling the curb wheel over his tongue. Men dragging spurs along the uneven board walk looked at the big bay horse and the hawk-faced Ranger. Some waved, calling out jovially, "Hi 