WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 13 ger, his brow darkening slightly. "Yuh know that squatter on the Ox Bowland had a family, an' I ain't gunnin' no family men." "Uh course yuh ain't. Kiddin', that's all. But, honest to hell, Trigger, I'd ruther turn in than set in." "The five fellers that rode in at sun- down was the train robbers that held up the Great Northern two weeks back an' they got rolls an' want action for 'em." "So yuh told me. Repeatin' yuhself, Trigger, but I ain't gonna fall. Yuh hop along an' clean 'em, with the help o' God an' a few brains." He had his vest off and his flannel shirt; began to pull at his boots. "Get ondressed in the dark, then?" For revenge, Hallock blew out the lamp on the table. "Yuh'll be jealous when yuh see my pockets bulgin' tomorrer mornin' fireface. An' yuh'll be hongry but I won't--yeh, mebbe I'll start yuh to breakfast. Reckless, yuhr too slow to grow fast!" Hair-trigger was chuck- ling, his nearest approach to a laugh, as he opened the shack door. A hearty "So-long, an' luck!" followed him from the darkness as he shut the door. An hour from the time he bought chips in the "draw" session at the Elk- horn with the five train robbers, Hal- lock arose, cleaned to his last dollar. Another man took his place and the crestfallen gun-fighter swallowed two fingers of whisky at the bar, now pre- sided over by the owner himself, Sam Brace, and walked out. As he emerged on the stoop, the dim, moving outline of a man, almost abreast of the hitch- rack, drove all thought of his "flat" state from his mind. Coming from the lamp glare of the Elkhorn into the comparative darkness of the starlit out- doors, Hallock did not recognize the figure. A word from either would have prevented tragedy, but neither spoke it, the man in the street forgetting that Hallock's sight could trick him in the circumstances. Hallock saw the man's hand drop toward his waistline. One of the notoriety-seekers, possibly Chalk Gallatin, who had not been in the saloon that evening, flashed through the gun- fighter's brain and he acted simultane- ous with the thought, throwing his right-hand gun with deadly accuracy. The figure sank soundlessly. THE smoking tube in his hand, Hal- lock leaped off the stoop and warily approached the heap on the ground, hardly expecting it to move, for he knew about where the bullet had hit, but cautious none the less. Eyes by now more accustomed to the semi-dark, he stooped. A wild curse escaped his lips, cold sweat oozed from every pore --the still face, turned up to the stars, was that of his one and only friend, Reckless Brule, a hole drilled almost in the center of his forehead. Horror and revulsion gnawing at his heart for the first time in his life, and realizing that nothing could be done, that death was instantaneous, Hallock happened to glance at one out-flung arm of his dead pal and discovered, clutched in the fingers, a handkerchief! "Was pullin' his bandanna--an' I reckoned he was mebbe Gallatin, aim- in' to fan a gun on me! " exclaimed Hal- lock, stricken deeper. "Goddelmighty! He must've changed his mind about sleepin' an' was cornin' to help me clean the train robbers! If he'd only spoke--or I hadn't been so damned quick! Old hand," lifting the head of Brule to his knee, "believe me, I didn't know it was yuh; I wish I was in yuhr boots this minit!" He pressed the head to his chest and rocked on his heels in silent agony. Then he lifted to his feet, heaved the heavy, lifeless body across his shoulder and carried it up the stoop and into the well-lighted Elkhorn. Sam Brace and 