24 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE i taunted Chalk, glaring past Sue at Hal- lock, and taking malignant delight in the red rage that distorted the gun- fighter's features instantly. "If yuh live long enough yuh'll swallow that lie, Gallatin!" rasped Hair-trigger, taking a step forward, one side of Sue. "Sue, won't yuh please, as yuh love me, gimme them guns?" But she shook her head and counted an ominous "Two!", and Chalk turned. Dixon and McClintock had started sooner, desiring no more than Gallatin himself to brave the fire of Sue's bor- rowed artillery in the narrow hallway; and as "Three!" was uttered the des- peradoes, spurs clinking, were descend- ing the stairs. CHAPTER V Hallock Lifts Trail "I'LL thank yuh to send for Doc Bennison, Sue," remarked Hair- trigger, next morning, after breakfast. "Something the matter?" she asked, though hardly believing there could be; he looked like the Hallock of the days before Reckless Brule's passing. "No'm, feelin' fine. I want to ask him somethin'." He paused, and when he spoke again it was deliberately, as if he were carefully choosing his words. "Don't mind it, Sue, if I--well, I'd like to see him alone." Although she shook her head and feigned indifference, she was a little hurt that he should want to keep any- thing from her. But she saw to it that Bennison was summoned. "Doc," said Hallock, when the booze- fighting physician had lurched into one of the two chairs in the room, "how soon can I fight?" Bennison arched his eyebrows, then smiled with one side of his face. "Un- usual question, Hallock. You're com- ing around fine; best specimen I've ever treated. Soon! Why?" "I can't let a girl go on protectin' me," rejoined Hair-trigger, enigmati- cally; Chalk's taunt rankled deep. He perceived the doctor was in the dark and explained. "That's twice she's stood Chalk off--can't let it happen ag'in." The doctor nodded. "Know how you feel, Hallock, but it's childish for anybody to accuse you of skulking back of a woman; and," he added bluntly, "childish for you to let it rile you." Hallock started to snort, then abrupt- ly subsided. "Doc, yuh can say that to me an' get away with it. Reckon it's true, mebbe--but hereafter I'm aimin' to do my own fightin'!" An interval of silence, then, "She's a mighty fine girl!" "She is," readily agreed the doctor. "An' say, she loves me," proudly de- clared the gunfighter. "Congrats!" Bennison extended a hand, still steady despite the number of years his system had been absorbing whiskey. "I'm only half-shot this morn- ing, Hallock, so I know what I'm talk- ing about and am sincere." "Uh-huh. Well, yuh ain't answered my question, doc. How soon? I feel fit right now to lift a corner o' hell." "Let me see that wound." Hallock stripped off outing shirt and undershirt and Bennison made careful examination. "Sore?" he asked, press- ing the healed spot. "No!" "Fight when you're ready, then. Take 'em one at a time. You're not in shape for a free-for-all yet." "Keno! Chalk's my 'ticular meat. Others can wait awhile. Now, doc, yuhr bill--" "Shut up!" said Bennison crisply, 