22 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE sudden. Near fooled myself to death that time. Forgot about my shadder." He turned at the swift opening of the door to his darkened room. It was Sue, a light in the hall revealed. Mak- ing out his form crouched down by the window, she imagined, with a cold thrill of horror, that the shot from the street had accomplished its treacherous pur- pose. "My God!" she exclaimed, for once in her life on the verge of fainting. "Oh, I ain't hurt none, Sue," Hal- lock's voice revived her sinking senses. "That is," he amended, laughing as he got up and crossed to the unsteady figure, "I got my eyebrows singed an' was lucky at that. Why, yuh're tremb- lin', Sue." One arm was around her. " 'Tain't like yuh, girl, to bust up over a li'l' thing like that." "But--but," she stammered, pretty close to tears from the reaction, "I thought they had got you." "Born to be a bridegroom yet," he reassured her, and kissed her cool cheek. She noticed a suspicious mois- ture on her face from contact with his. "You said your eyebrows were singed? That one of your jokes, Tom? Let me see them. Come over here un- der the light, away from that window. How did they come to see you. You know I warned--" "Yes, yes, but I slipped up." He told her how, while following her to the Dther side of the room. WHEN, by gaslight, she saw his en- saguined visage, Sue was stricken again with apprehension. But when she had brought a basin of water and washed away the blood, found to her relief that a strip of courtplaster would answer as a bandage. "Yuh got any idea, Sue, who the shootin' galoot was?" Hair-trigger asked, while she was applying the court-plaster. "I make a guess it was Chalk, but wouldn't bet high on it, there bein' others like him." "It wasn't Chalk. He was at the bar when the shot was fired," she replied. "I ran out of the back room when I heard it and there he was, just pouring himself a drink. So that lets him out. But Blackfoot Dixon wasn't there, nor Coldiron McClintock -- take your choice." "An' I could guess Len Roper an' a few more names, mebbe, before I hit it." "Pa must have thought your window was the target, for he was over by the front door. He called as I came in, 'I don't see anyone. Better go upstairs.' I was already heading that way. Here's pa now. "Pa," she half-turned as Sam Brace admitted himself, "this man of mine nearly scared the wits out of me, but he's all right, barring a scratch." Sam chuckled as he came forward. "Bet Trigger ain't never been so babied be- fore in his life. How about it, Trigger?" "I like it, doggone it!" Hallock swiftly defended his nurse and him- self. "Sam, yuh'd enjoy gettin' hurt if yuh was younger an' somebody like Sue--" "Shore, I'd enjoy it. Don't blame yuh a-tall." Sam looked at his punc- tured window-shade and the identity of the would-be slayer was discussed. "Don't make no difference who," said Hallock, to end the discussion, "he plumb failed. But it shows how careful I gotta be, as Sue said. Shore is a pack o' wolves in this camp--an' I was as curly as any up to a few days ago." But his enemies were not content with failure. It seemed to Hallock that his eyes had barely closed that night when voices penetrated his dreamless sleep. He sat up. The voices--Sue's and Chalk's--were in the narrow hall- way, right outside his door. Sue was 