94 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE stated, staring at the man. "How do you know there's anything to be ac- cused of?" Rem softly inquired. Kruss twitched like someone had slapped him. "You sneakin', outlaw pup," he rasped. "Who sent for you, anyhow?" "Nobody sent for him," the man in the doorway said quickly. "Quiet, Younk," Kruss snapped. "I'm askin' him. Outlaw, did you come on your own, or did somebody call you, to cause trouble by sayin' I done somethin'? Damn you, answer me!" "Hold on," Hargish inserted. "Kruss, it's funny you'd yap about bein' ac- cused, when you wasn't told nothin', or pointed out. There's too many cats hoppin' around. This King rubbish, you, an' Lane, I mean. I figger I can settle this. Miss Kay. vou was with King. If he saw Kruss, you must've, too. I don't figger you'll lie. Was Kruss the man? Or is this outlaw lyin' in his teeth?" "Kay saw nothin," Younk Fraly said, holding the doorway. "Younk, I'm not askin' you!" Har- gish almost yelled. "Kay?" Everyone stared past Younk Fraly at his niece. Rem's nerves tightened, his stomach crawled. He sensed that Younk and Kruss were close. Kay Fraly wouldn't turn against her uncle or the man she was, according to Har- gish, apt to marry. She wouldn't side one of the tribe that had caused her father's death--a man with the welt of her quirt still livid across his face. These men would turn on Rem, pos- sibly thinking he'd done the branding job for trouble-stirring purposes of his own. Rem perceived he was headed toward hell, riding Hobson's choice. Color left Kay Fraly's face. Rem felt sorry for her, and his expression showed it. Hargish was making it damned hard for Kay. She looked at her uncle, at Kruss, then at Rem. Draw- ing a long breath, she said, "I won't answer your question, Jock." Younk Fraly bit through his cigar. Kruss sprang backward like a mon- goose baiting a snake. "You double- crossers! " he cried as he pulled his gun, bending it on Rem, who, Kruss figured, was the swiftest of the lot. Rem winced as Kruss's bullet ripped his ribs, his own gun leaping in his hand as the double explosion echoed along the street. Kruss had sacrificed ac- curacy for all out speed, and thereby made a sacrifice of everything. Rem's lead knocked an explosive breath out of the man, turned him halfway around. Kruss dropped his gun and pressed his hands to his chest. His right knee bent slowly, pulling him back around. Twist- ing, he fell face downward, Rem stepped back, his wide-opened, sickness-revealing eyes shuttling to Lane, who had his hand in his jumper pocket, to Jock Hargish, who let his gun slide back into the leather under the menace of Rem's Colt. Younk Fraly had started to finger a .41 der- ringer from his vest pocket. He jerked his hand away and stepped close to his niece when Rem looked at him. "You murdered Gurt," Fraly wheezed. "Gurt wasn't guilty." "Kay's answer of no answer was an- swer he was," said Hargish. "Which don't mean I'm pattin' this outlaw on the back! What I want to know is, what'd Kruss mean by callin' out, 'Double-crossers' ? " "Hargish. Younk," the downed man gasped. They recoiled, staring down at Kruss. The walk beneath him was stained with his blood, and blood wetted his lips. Despite the bullet in his chest, some- thing drove him on to cling to a few more moments of life. "Younk," Kruss gasped, hitching himself forward. "Come close. Some- thin' I got--to say--to you. Come