THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 95 closer, Younk." Fraly came a step nearer. He screamed and leaped backward as Kruss reached out and scooped up his fallen shooting-iron. He rested on his left el- bow and fired almost point-blank at Fraly. Fraly fell backward, his scream chopped short. His big body came down heavily. He rolled and kicked, clawing at the gaping wound in his throat. Blood pumped between his fingers as his life ran out. He tried to sit up, fell back and moved no more. MEN and a few women along the street moved up warily. Kay gripped the doorframe and looked away, shaking her head at a woman who came toward her. Kruss grinned redly, hellishly. "Get me a drink an' hold me up," he gurgled. "I want to talk, an' I ain't got long." Lane raised Kruss to a sitting posi- tion against his knee. Someone else held a bottle to Kruss's lips. He looked at Rem as he gulped, then rasped, "Younk sent for you?" "Of course not." Rem was puzzled. "Why should he?" "Listen, all you fools. I gotta talk fast," Kruss gasped. "It started with Younk wantin' his brother's gal, Kay's mother. He wanted to squeeze the ranchers, too, an' Mace, his brother, who was over him in the bank, set down on it. Younk somehow knew a young killer named Big Mitch, an' got him to join up with Satan King an' talk up robbin' the bank down here." Kruss paused. Lane gave him an- other drink. Kruss continued: "It was a trap. Me an' two others-- who happened to later be killed--was ready. Younk had gold on top of bags of iron washers; bills outside packages of paper. That was what he put in Satan's gunnysack, an' Satan thought it was cash I When I shot Satan outta his saddle, Big Mitch run to him, like he was tryin' to save his life. We was careful not to hit Mitch. He lit out with the sack, then got his horse down in a flooded creek. He lost the sack so nobody'd know it wasn't full of money. You ranchers never knowed that. I reckon King never knew the sack didn't hold money." "I never knew. I only know Big Mitch was tolerated because it was thought he tried to save Satan's life," Rem muttered dazedly. "Anyhow, Younk bad the bank money hisself. I had it on him, an' he made me the seemin' owner of Bar 13 when he took it from Hargish. Younk hated me, but was afraid to try any- thing. That's why that Big Mitch got outta several pen sentences, too: It was Younk supplied the money, secretly." "Ahhh," Hargish groaned. "I lost Bar 13. I was a heavy holder in the bank, an' I've stripped myself these years, payin' back what I could to some of them that lost. An'--" "An' crowdin' us li'l fellers when Younk, through Kruss, crowded you," Asia Lane pointedly reminded Hargish. "The loan Younk pretended to get from a city bank, after he took over," Kruss said, "was the money Satan was supposed to have stolen. Younk was worried lately, afraid you fellows would come out enough he couldn't bleed you for so much interest or grab your range. He sent Big Mitch word to get a King whelp to come an' raise hell, an' had me startin' trouble to split you all so it would be easier. I heard Big Mitch aimed to work it so he'd be the big he- coon of the outlaw diggin's when this was over with." Kruss's head jerked. "I still think --Younk sent--for you!" he gasped at Rem. His eyes rolled and he slumped away from Lane. Stunned silence prevailed. Asia Lane cleared his throat and said, "Well, Har- gish, considerin' the money you put in,