90 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE toppled sideways, thumping the floor. Neither of them let go the other's throat. They squirmed, kicked, rolled over and over and over, tried to surge to their feet and fell apart. Rom went to his hands and knees; Rem swayed peri- lously, but he had the bitter will to remain on his feet. "Here, Rom!" Big Mitch hissed, and the knife he tossed down clattered to the floor within Rom's reach. Buck Honor's gun slithered from the holster. "Mitch, keep outta King busi- ness," he warned. "There's only one reason I even stand for you cornin' to Owlhoot House. Don't press your luck." "The hell with you. I don't see you grabbin' the knife," Big Mitch snarled. "An' cross Rom? Get him on the peck at me, him thinkin' I was sidin' Rem? That was your idea, wasn't it Mitch, you son--" ROM had grabbed up the knife. He leaped to his feet and the murder- ous blade flashed downward. Rem swayed aside, the blade's point leaving a sudden, bloody thread down one arm. Rom's body followed the drop of the knife, pulling off balance. Rem raised on his toes, locked his fingers together and brought both hands down on the back of his brother's neck. Rom flattened out, groaning, unable to rise. He was partially paralyzed by the effects of the rabbit-punch. Chest heaving, blood smearing him, Rem stag- gered and leaned against the counter. Rom, at last, rolled over and tried to stand. His knees gave under him and he sat down. He squinted hellishly at Rem, his eyes swelling nearly shut be- cause of his broken nose. "I'll kill you for this," he ground out. "No difference where you go, I'll find you an' let my lead into your guts-- even if I got to hunt you to hell an! back to these Desertion Mountains!" Big Mitch's shoulders humped as Rem answered Rom's sworn intentions. The outlaw's fingers made claws close to his gun butts. The Colt in Honor's fist, Honor's dislike, his warning to Big Mitch to stay out of King business, stayed the outlaw's move. Rem said: "You won't have to hunt so far, Rom. God forbid I ever have to bend a gun on my own brother to pro- tect myself. But if you go on with this idea of raidin' Sageburg, dirtyin' up the name of King some more while I'm tryin' to scrub it clean, you'll see that I'm easy enough to find!" CHAPTER II Tripled Troubles SAWTOOTHED ramparts of the Desertions were a blur in the blue haze far back of Rem King. The immediate range was broken, semi-bad- land. The country needed a slew of wet weather, too. Rem reined off the narrow ribbon of dusty road and went down a draw toward a board-'n-batten house, a few head of cattle bearing several different brands moving out of his path. He found the house had been deserted a long time. The outbuildings were fall- ing into ruin, the lot pond surface was sunbaked mud, cracked and curling. Rem stopped in the short shade west of the house and made a cigarette. He was lighting it when a girl rode around the corner of the place. Rem straightened, regarding her with the somber respect of the man whose acquaintance with girls had been scan- ty. She seemed a friendly little person, with a freckle-speckled nose, bronze toned hair tucked under a man's J. B. and a generous mouth. Rem's owlis? wary attitude caused her to smile. 