NO MANBREAKERS WANTED! 69 THE girl, pale-faced, looked at Slim with growing fear and loathing. She filled the pail again, ignoring Slim, and walked over to the man on the ground. She helped him to his knees and then held the pail to his gasping lips. After a long drink she took it away and the man reached for it roughly. He pulled it away from the girl, spilling half of it and began drinking again in great gasping gulps. The girl picked up the six-shooter. The heavy Colt gave her assurance. Slim looked at her with a crooked grin. Then his eyes began to take her in. He noticed the long legs, the swelling breasts under the blue jumper. He leered at her, asking, "Where'd you come into this?" The girl faced him. "My grand- father will be here in a minute." Slim leered at her, asking, "Will he?" The girl was suddenly filled with in- tolerable fear. The man's voice carried an assurance that her grandfather would not come back, would never come back. Slim stepped over to the wounded man and yanked the pail away. He held it out to the girl ordering her, "Fill it." The girl said, "I won't," and lifted the pistol. Like a flash Slim was on her, wrenching the gun from her hand, twisting her arms up behind her back until she gasped with pain. Then yanked her back to his horse, undid the rope and tied her hands, tripped her up and tied her feet. She set up and heard the wounded one say, "I seen him back there. Did you plug him?" Slim answered casually, "Naw. I slugged him. But he'll croak out there in the sun." The girl struggled with her faintness and horror. They watered their horses and had to fight them, brutally, to keep them from drinking themselves to death. They looked at the breakfast waiting by the bed of ashes. Slim said, "We'll have a big feed afterward. We got to git busy now." The wounded one hobbled around, groaning. He said, "That water done me a lot of good. It ain't so bad." Then he asked, "What we going to do with the gal?" Slim answered, "We ain't going to do nothing." He snarled, "The gal goes with me." The other man half closed his blood- shot eyes, asking, "Yeah?" Slim said, "Yeah." Slim dropped that to say, "I ought to 'ave dragged that old rat off our trail. Now we'll have to go out beyond him to waylay that damn Ranger if he's still looking for us." They moved over to their horses. The girl heard them and a great hope came to her. She heard them say "Ranger" and that they were going to waylay the Ranger and kill him. She closed her eyes and prayed for the Ranger. A rock rolled and like a flash the men were behind their horses, six- shooters ready, snarling like trapped coyotes. The girl opened her eyes and saw her grandfather coming around the end of the ledge, coming on stumbling feet, groping in the hot sunlight. His white hair was black with dried blood. He was mumbling, "Ann. Ann. Annie girl." The wounded robber sniggered. "Well look who's here. We got com- pany ain't we?" Then he snarled, "Thought you croaked him. This time we'll make it stick." The girl struggled frantically with the ropes that held her. She was frantic with fear and horror, not believing that such horrible things could really hap- pen. She yelled at the outlaws, "You'll 