34 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE ately, he mistaking the reason. Sam Brace, sitting near at hand and an agonized listener, was ready to go through the motions of assault and battery if she didn't answer soon. "Pardon me for staring," apologized Mrs. Saunders, though Hallock hadn't noticed she was. "The girl was--well, she's quite large and strong you know, and it looked to me as if she had fought the man strenuously and he had--ah-- beaten her with a quirt butt to subdue her. There was blood on one side of her face, she was black and blue, and she seemed exhausted to the point where she could no longer resist and the man had to help her along. He was bruised and scratched himself--" "God Almighty!" shouted Hallock, thereby horrifying Mrs. Saunders. "Yuh hearin'-all this, Sam?" whirling; and satisfied at once by the bloated ap- pearance of the father's face. "We're out for that wolf's pelt, ma'am," he panted ,turning again to the preacher's wife. "That's the girl's daddy, hangin' to his horn. So yuhr husband didn't marry 'em none? How come?" "Mrs. Saunders knew something was wrong, of course, as soon as he saw their condition, especially the girl's. The cowboy--beast, I should say--" "An' yuh never spoke truer, ma'am," Hallock was guilty of interrupting, his eyes glittering. "Ordered Mr. Saunders to get his book," continued the woman, as if Hal- lock had not spoken, "and the girl, who was very near swooning, declared she would not be married to him. The man saw Mr. Saunders was going to balk and drew his gun and commanded, 'Do as I say! If you don't I'll kill you.' Mr. Saunders told him to shoot and he did--but only in the arm. Bad enough, of course, and I fainted, think- ing my husband had been killed. When I came to they were gone." "Then," said Hallock, on a note of disappointment, "yuh dunno which way they headed? Mebbe, though," his gloom lifting a trifle, "some other Pine- crackers saw--" "My husband can tell you which direction they took. He ran out after them, wounded as he was, and tried to get some men to pursue them, but--" She paused, flushing with sudden shame. "Couldn't, eh?" snarled Hallock, startling her by his vicious look and tone. "Not a man with the guts to go, huh? Say, I'd admire to turn this snivellin' burg topside. Derringer may not be so lily-white as Pinecreek, but it's got all the guts an' gall--no, ma'am, parding, but it ain't. I was forgettin' yuhr husband. Might I see him?" "Yuh hurry up, hear me?" bawled the anguished Sam Brace after Hallock as Mrs. Saunders stood aside for him to enter. "My God, think o' that honey-girl o' mine all beat up by that Goddam son--" MRS. SAUNDERS closed the door. She led the hatless gunfighter into a dim little library, where the preacher, minus his coat and with bandaged arm in sling, half reclined in an armchair. "I want," said Hallock, giving the Rev. Saunders his name when Mrs. Saunders turned inquiringly, "to shake yuhr hand, sir, an' tell yuh yuh've al- tered my idea o' preachers, which be- fore wasn't none flatterin'. Yuh helped my girl best yuh could an' I'm yuhr friend for life." "Here's my hand, Mr. Hallock," said the preacher, raising his good one, "and I'm glad to have earned your good opinion. Sorry I couldn't stop the ab- duction--it was that, wasn't it?" "Yes, sir. Now, reverend, one thing more: which way'd they head?" "North." "Thanks, reverend; get yuhrself in shape soon. I'll be cornin' back this 