WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 55 Studying the youth in a calmer mood, especially the eyes and the firm chin, the gunfighter decided there might be more iron in his system than appeared at first glance. "I wasn't meaning' that as a joke, Hallock," stated the young fellow boldly. "I made a mistake, that was all, thought yuh were a friend o' Dix- on's, but the girl, Goldie, told me dif- ferent, an' I called to yuh as yuh ran by the box that second time, but yuh seemed in a hurry. Did yuh catch him?" "Who--Blackfoot? He's still foot- loose. Now, brother, before we swap any more talk, I'll just break a rule o' frontier etiket an' ask yuh who an' what?" A deputy sheriff's badge, pinned in- side the youngster's vest, gleamed in Hallock's eyes. "An' my label's Billy Edgelow, sent up here by Sheriff Gran- ger to look--Stop!" he exclaimed sharply, lifting a palm in the oldtime peace sign of the plains, to halt the downward sweep of Hallock's hands. "I know who yuh are, Hair-Trigger, know yuhr record, but I ain't after yuh!" Hallock's suddenly tense body re- laxed again. He even smiled a little. ''Yuhr rep as a gun-slinger ain't un- known to me either, Edgelow, but I hadn't no idea yuh was so young. My hat's off to yuh, boy, yuh've made a lot o' cagey ones lay down. An' I notice now yuh're packin' a reg'lar forty-five in a reg'lar belt; where's the li'l thirty- eight?" "Inside my vest, the place it always is when it ain't workin'. Havin' that short barreled baby tonight just about saved my skin. From what I've heard of yuhr recent doin's, Hallock, since I hit town, includin' the fact yuh've mar- ried," and he smiled engagingly, "I reckon yuh've been workin' in the in- terest o' law an' order, even if it was personal scores yuh were settlin'. F'r instance, yuh finished the job, the main job, that brought me here. In my pocket I got a useless warrant for Mr. Chalk Gallatin." "The hell yuh have!" Hallock ex- ploded. "I mean," he corrected him- self grimly, "he's in hell now an' yuhr warrant shore is useless; couldn't serve no paper there! Was it 'cause he ven- tilated the last town marshal Derringer had that the law wanted him?" inquired Hallock. 'For one thing, yeh," nodded Deputy Edgelow, "but mainly for holdups on the Sun Canyon trail. Yuh remember several passengers were gunned in those holdups?" "Heard so. I never figgered Chalk was that lone bandit. The stick-ups stopped about six months ago, didn't they? Uh-huh. Well, that's about the time Chalk drifted in here. How come yuh didn't nail him before, then?" ques- tioned Hallock. "Lost track of him. Several weeks ago Seth Rawdon came up here to look over the Two Bar Ranch. When he returned to the county-seat he reported to the sheriff that he'd seen Chalk in a saloon in this town; he'd been a victim in one o' Chalk's holdups to the tune of a thousand dollars. Met yuh the same day in the same place, recogniz- ing yuh from descriptions he'd heard; said yuh could do sleight-o'-hand with a gun." "I remember him," Hallock nodded slowly. "Didn't know who he was an' got suspicious he might be a deputy. Found he wasn't carryin' a gun an' when I told him it was tough country out to the Two Bar an' he'd best get heeled, he gimme a li'l sermon on livin' by the trigger. Yuh bet, I remember him--he was pretty near right. Name's Rawdon, eh? Came here to ask where he could hire a hoss. Did he buy the Two Bar?" 