TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE 7 Revealed at Last! The Secrets of Ancient Forbidden Mysteries "The 7 Keys to Power alleges to teach," The author says, "All the Mysteries of Life from the Cradle to the Grave--and Beyond. It tells you the particular day and hour to do any- thing you desire, whether It be In the light of the moon, sun, or in total darkness." He claims, "The power to get what you want retenlod at hut, for the first time since the dawn of creation. The very samo power which the ancient Chaldeans. Cuthlc, Priests. Egyptians, Babylon- lans. and Sumerian* used Is at our disposal today." He says, "Follow the simple directions, and you can do anything you desire. No one can tell how these Master Forces are used without Knowing about In a book, but with It you can mold anyone to your will." From this book, He says, "You can learn the arts of an old Science as practiced by the Ancient Priestly Orders. Their marvels were almost beyond belief. You, too. can leam to do them all with the instructions written in this Book." Lewis do Claremont claims, "it would be a shame if these things could all be yours and you failed to grasp them." He claims, "It is every man's birthright to have these things of life: MONEY! GOOD HEALTH! HAPPINESS! If you lack any of these, then this book has an important message for you. No matter what you need, there exists a spiritual power which is abundantly able to bring you whatever things you need." OVERCOME ALL ENEMIES, OBSTACLES, and HIDDEN FEARS ARE YOU-CROSSED IN ANY WAY? The Seven Keys to Power, Lewis de Claremont says, shows you how to remove and cast it back. THE BOOK PURPORTS TO TELL YOU HOW TO-- Gain the love of the opposite sex. Unite people for marriages. Obtain property. Make people do your bidding. Make any person love you. Make people bring back stolen goods. Make anyone lucky in any games. Cure any kind of sickness without medicine. Get any job you want. Cast a spell on anyone, no matter where they are. Get people out of law suits, courts or prison. Banish all misery. Gain the mastery of all things. Regain your youth and vigor. Choose words according to ancient, holy methods. THE ONLY TRUE BOOK OF SUPREME MASTERSHIP! This Is the Power, He says, from which the old masters gained their knowledge and from which they sold limitless portions to certain fa- vored Kings. Priests, and others at high prices, but never to be re- vealed under a vow, the violation of which entailed severe punish- mont. THE VOW HAS NOW BEEN BROKEN This book, He claims, shows you the secrets of old which when properly applied makes you able to control the will of all without their knowing It. If you have a problem and you wish to solve. He says, don't hesitate. Advertisements cannot describe nor do this wonderful book justice. You must read it and digest its meaning to really appreciate its worth. GUARANTEED TO SATISFY OR YOUR MONEY REFUNDED Only a limited number available for sale, so don't wait. It is worth many times its price. If you are wise, you will rush your order for this book NOW. $1. MR. LUCK'S CURIO CO., Dept. 538 800 N. CLARK ST. Chicago, Illinois This coupon is worth $1.00 to you. Attach a Money Order for $1 to this coupon and we will send you your copy of The Seven Keys to Power--Regularly $3 for onlv $1. Name................................................. Address............................................... City................................................... SEND NO MONEY! If you wish we Trust You . . . Pay Postman $1 on delivery plus a few pennies Postage. Check here □ 