72 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE agent and killer, were no place for women, especially one with such a face as the girl beside the old-timer had. As the wagon reached the top of the grade and rolled out upon the level, the old man "whoa-ed" loudly and let the reins fall slack on the backs of the sweating horses. Kid McCord swung into the saddle and rode from his shel- ter toward them. "Howdy, folks?" he greeted, draw- ing rein beside the wagon and touching fingers to hat brim. "I don't want to horn in none or tell you your business-- but ain't you off the trail a mite?" "As to how?" issued question from the driver's full-bearded lips, while he studied sharply, from under shaggy brows, the fine-figured horseman, whose cowpunch garb in such a neighborhood meant nothing; he might be a rustler, road agent, anything. However, the old man's scrutiny was rather satisfy- ing, particularly of the McCord level eyes and firm mouth. No hint of guile or cruelty in either; he wore but one gun, and that untied, and a rawhide riata neatly coiled in the tie-straps. He didn't look by any means deadly and this was a domain of lawless men. Replied the Kid, almost unconscious of the inspection, by reason of a back- thrown sunbonnet which disclosed masses, highly piled, of corn-colored hair, "Why, these here mountains is hidin' place for most every sheriff- dodger in two hundred miles. You ought've drove around 'em, mister, not through 'em, an' better you'd turn round right quick--" "I'm headin' the right way--into 'em deep as I can gitl" The driver's state- ment surprised McCord mightily, but his vehemence was wholly convincing. "You've done somethin'," said the Kid, "that makes it necessary--" "To run from the sheriff--yep!" The old man's lips smacked out the affirmative sharply. Then, abruptly, he interrogated: "Ain't you?" Kid McCord nodded and loosened his lips in a grim smile. "You betche! Hangin' a man." The driver's eyebrows went up a trifle, while the girl regarded him stead- ily, her glance unfathomable to the Kid. Quoth the driver: "That's a leetle somethin' new--mine's shootin'. I was servin' justice, young feller, but the law wouldn't look at it that way--so here I am. You call yourself--?" "In the Soldados," answered the Kid, "it's ag'in the rules to ask a man his name--so I've heard. Only been here two--three hours myself. But I'll tell you, it's Kid McCord." The driver's hat brim bobbed. "Ezra Earp. My darter, June," turning his glance toward the girl. "An' I will say, McCord, the most loyal darter what ever a man had. When I had to run she wouldn't stay behind. Hated to bring her into such a rattler's nest as these mountings has the name o' bein'! " "Well," said the Kid, "the Soldados is all that's been said of 'em, an' mebbe some more. Sun's goin' down. What say we camp yonder by that crick an' sorta talk things over." He quailed in his heart to think what might befall a girl of June Earp's appearance far back in the range where rustlers and train robbers and hombres of like outlaw professions had their camps. Earp himself could take chances, but it wasn't fair to allow the girl to do the same. The Kid had been an outlaw only four hours and his conscience hadn't had a chance to toughen--nor his heart! EARP agreed to the suggestion that they camp. Darkness found the three of them gathered around a small fire. The girl did the cooking and it was mighty eatable, thought the Kid. He watched her constantly, his wide Stetson brim disguising the fact, and 