THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 89 merely because she became Satan's wife, and then the mother of Satan's first- born--the crown prince. He gave all his dislike to Rem, the second-born, because of Estelle, and because Rem was as unlike Satan had been as Rom was like him. "You know how I feel," Rem went on. "The people around the town of Sageburg ain't murderers. They was only protectin' what belonged to them from men come to steal it." "Hell," Honor groaned. "A fine pass when a King stands up for his daddy's killers. You ain't no king, Rem, an' it's a good thing Rom's ready to carry on, an' make the name feared again." "It would be better if the name of King was carried on to be knowed as law-abidin' an' respected," Rem said. "An' that's what I aim to try an' do." "So the name ain't respected?" Rom yelled, working himself into a furious frame. "You wouldn't talk like that if you had on a gun. You--" "I didn't feel called on to pack an iron to the burial." "It's over with, ain't it? Go get your cutter, you salve-mouthed dogie. This Valley won't hold both of us. Go get your gun, an' I'll fix it so we can both stay here. You savvy?" "I do." Rem nodded. "An' I ain't sure it'd be me buried up beside Estelle. But I ain't Cain--or Romulus. I won't gunfight you." "Will you give me a chance to bust your neck with my bare fists, then?" Rom raged. "Will you, you yaller pup?" "Shuck your gun," Rem said levelly, and peeled off his shirt. Tables and benches were pushed back and men shouldered the walls. There was no talk, no bets were made Not an outlaw there but sensed that Death's will was omnipresent in the room. And Rom King was living per- sonification of Cain, and his namesake, Romulus. Brother-slayers, both. Stripped to the waist, Rom's torso showed thicker, more muscular than Rem's. He was a cutlass, and Rem a rapier type. Rem stood straight, hands as his sides. Rom crouched and started slowly toward him. "Anything goes," he snarled, and leaped. His charge seemed to halt against a stone wall. Rem's right fist came up from his hip and crashed against Rom's jaw. It put him to his haunches. It would have been fair for Rem to have kicked Rom while he was down. He stepped back. Save for a diamond bril- liance in his eyes, his expression did not change. Rom was damnably silent as he came up. He charged Rem, stopped, swung the toe of his boot into Rem's stomach. Rem gasped, grabbed Rom's ankle, twisted and dumped him to the floor again. He jumped astraddle of his back, wound his fingers in Rom's hair and banged his head against the floor. Rom shrieked an oath and rose with Rem on his back, and hurled himself on over with Rem under him. They came to their feet, stood toe- to-toe and slugged. Blood smeared their faces, their ears. It was Rom who finally gave ground. He grabbed a bench and swung it. Rem ducked un- der, and it shattered against the floor. Rom raised his knee and drove it against Rem's chin. Rem spun and dropped backward. Rom, teeth barred, gleaming scallops in a bloody mask, panted as he leaped into the air and tried to drive his high heels into Rem's kidneys. Rem rolled. One heel ripped the hide down his left ribs. Rom dropped on top of him, got his thick fingers around Rem's throat and blue- green lights flashed in Rem's head. He fumbled, found Rom's throat with his own fingers and clamped down. The wheeze of their attempted breathing was the only sound in the room. Rom 