18 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE nor, of course, to her confession before the Elkhorn's patrons. "I'm goin' to live, am I, spite o' Chalk's bullet?" His question was fraught with no especial interest. He was blind to the warmth in Sue's fine eyes now as he had been blind all along, preoccupied with his notches and the first law of nature to the exclusion, almost, of all else. "Doc Bennison says you'll be fine as split silk, just as good as ever. He removed the bullet. But don't talk any more now, Trigger. Sleep if you can; rest anyway." "All right, though I wouldn't have a kick cornin' if I cashed. Livin' without Reckless, my onliest friend, will be hell. An' thinkin'--" "Think of this," Sue put in, "that he was one friend, but not the only one." Hallock pondered the statement, gazing at her queerly. "This yuhr room?" he asked suddenly. "Yes. And I'll be with you as long-- as you need me." "Gimme a drink o' water, please," he requested, confused, "an' I'll try an' corral some o' that sleep yuh recom- mended." His wound healed, his strength came back, rapidly. Sam Brace dropped in on him two or three times a day and smoked a pipe while Hallock rolled his own. "Say Sam," said the gunfighter, propped up on pillows, one afternoon, a week from the time he began to con- valesce, "I'm runnin' up some bills with yuh an' the doc, an' I dunno how I'm goin' to pay 'em. I'm done with gun-slingin', that's one shore thing, an' it's the only business I ever follered. How to make some honest coin is pes- terin'--" "Yuh let me an' doc worry about money, Trigger," Sam interrupted. "An' if yuh mention bills ag'in, I'll knock your block off, bein's yuh're helpless. If I can't do my future son- in-law a turn when he's needin' it--" "Son-in-law?" Hair-trigger almost yelled, sitting straight up. "Here don't yuh get to buckin' an' open that there wound ag'in," remon- strated the Elkhorn's owner. "I says 'son-in-law' an' yuh goes into the air like yuh'd set on prickly pears. What's the matter? Don't yuh want Sue--or what is it?" He was a trifle huffed. "Why shore I want--but, great guns, I never reckoned--" Then Hallock sank back and was briefly silent. "I know now why she looks at me so--so funny sometimes." "Funny, huh? So that's the way it struck yuh." Sam chuckled, his anger fled. "Trigger, I know yuh're a dinger in a fight, but suspicion yuh're a pore lover--huh?" "Uh-huh. But, Sam, I never tangled much with women." "Tangled with one now, all right. Yuh been nursed by Sue more'n a week an' didn't wise up to the fact. Hard to believe, knowin' yuh've been con- scious." "Can't blame it all on my dumbness, Sam. How was I to know a girl as fine as yuhr Sue would take up with a low- flung killer like I am--or was?" "Well, mebbe yuh are excusable on them grounds. But it's plumb fact. Yuh should've heard her tell that Gal- latin, right before Blackfoot an' the rest the night yuh kil--was gunned. Yessir, to their faces an' straight from the shoulder!" "What'd she say?" SAM relighted his pipe before answer- ing. "Yuh ask her, Trigger. It was shore plain enough an' set Chalk most crazy. He's been hangin' 'round her, yuh savvy, but couldn't p'int in anywheres. Seems yuh ain't knowin' nothin' about what happened that night 