EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 83 were taking more or less of a siesta, which cleared the stage for the Kid's act. He first untied his rawhide, slipped it over his arm, went up on the stoop and walking beside the hitchrack, deftly pulled loose the knotted reins of all five cayuses. Then he spread a wide noose, jerked his gun and fired, close to the head of the nearest untied horse, which was out of range of the doorway. The animal reared at the sudden blast so close to its ears and plunged away from the rack with a snort of fright, the four others, hardly less startled, dragging reins in its dust. The Kid had slapped the gun back in his holster the instant after he fired and, standing about five paces from the open door of the saloon, was whirling the huge loop. He heard curses and a stampede of jingling feet, and as the five rustlers squeezed pellmell through the doorway, the big noose sang out and dropped, encircling them. The Kid braced back, digging high heels into the boards of the stoop. He had practically duplicated a stunt that had won him applause and a trophy at more than one "Frontier Day" exhibition, the roping of five horsemen at one throw. "Whoa, buckaroos!" he yelped, as the men began to struggle against the rawhide, trying to get their guns out. The Kid pulled his own to quiet them. "The first jigger--" he began. "What's to pay, Kid McCord?" de- manded a gruff voice, not far away. THE Kid flashed a look. The sheriff unnoticed, had ridden up, was sit- ting his horse by the stoop and regard- ing the scene with a wondering eye. He gave the Kid a baleful look, the cattle thief from the JG who had out- witted McKell, made him laughing stock almost. "I'd tell a man!" whooped the Kid. "Mac, you're just the hombre I want to see. I'm catchin' these buckos as a present for you. Hold your guns on 'em, will you, an' I'll frisk their hard- ware. It's straight goods, Mac, they're rustlers, hot out o' the Soldados!" He spoke so earnestly the sheriff was compelled to believe him, and the fact that the peace officer didn't know the faces of the five--hard faces enough-- added weight in the Kid's favor. Mc- Kell pulled his shooters as he swung out of the saddle to the stoop. "But you're a cattle stealer yourself, McCord," he growled, edging up to the five roped men, furtive-eyed when they saw his guns lining them. "Turnin' on your pals?" "Not any," shortly retorted the Kid, jingling close to the captives and whip- ping off the rawhide. He fell to lift- ing irons from holsters right and left, pushing the low-cursing men apart when they unconsciously hung togeth- er, paralyzed to find themselves in such a fix. "There!" said the Kid, heaping the guns with a triumphant gesture at the feet of the sheriff. "All yours, Mac, the guns an' the owners. I was hidin' out near the Soldado Pass 's mornin' when you come along trailin' Barton's cattle. I heard you ravin', you an' Barton, an' you said you bet the wad- dies come into town an' played around right under your nose, but not knowin' who they was, you couldn't nab 'em. Well, I waited there near the pass an' these fellers come out--an' one other --an' I follered 'em. They're some o' the gang that stole Barton's cattle an' who do you think's the leader? Ten guesses you wouldn't guess it, so I'll tell you--Joe Gant! So hangin' him didn't work--an' I'm glad you can wipe that off my record. An' I'll prove, be- fore I'm through, Mac, that Gant changed hosses with me on the range yesterday an' that I'm no cow thief I" 