36 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE seeking the cause of the outburst, echoed him, and got a head start of Happy Hoofs by a wicked plunge of the spurs. In the next moment or two, however, Hallock passed him, leaning into the wind like a cyclone. HALF a mile down the stage road the battered and bullet-scarred old Concord, preserved from early min- ing days in the region, was halted; the driver was leaning over his heat, evi- dently arguing with Chalk Gallatin, who stood just beneath him. Near the coach a horse with low-hanging head swayed on its last legs. It fell over suddenly. At the roadside. Sue sat upon a rock, her head bowed upon her arms crossed on her knees. While Hallock and Brace sped nearer and nearer, Chalk Gallatin abruptedly pulled his gun and pointed it up at the driver, who was evi- dently obstinate about something. The driver's hands slowly arose to a level with his hat-brim. Whether Chalk in- tended to pull trigger, anyhow, was problematical, for at that instant he heard the charging horses and whirled. The stage driver lowered his hands and stared. Hallock, racing now far in advance of Brace clung with his knees and yanked up both guns. Simultaneously the tubes threw bullets, but the range was too great for anything but a high- powered rifle. At the roar of the guns, Sue Brace's head came up and she stood, waving feebly; but evidently the effort was too much for her snapped powers, for she sank again upon the rock. With the avenger closing in, Chalk Gallatin, realizing the futility of stand- ing up to him, did the unexpected. Sheathing his gun, he sprang suddenly over the coach wheel to the box and wrestling an instant with the driver, taken entirely unawares by the cow- boy's maneuver, burled the old man off the high seat to the ground. Chalk then seized the reins from the foot- board, snatched the lash from the whip- socket and cracked the leaders into a sudden plunge. The wheelers were jerked along and getting their feet, imitated the pace set by the frightened team in front. Happy Hoofs, spurting valiantly, shot by Sue and the cursing stage driver, as the latter was picking him- self from the dust, a most amazed man to find no bones broken. So intent was Hallock on overtaking his quarry that he never looked Sue's way as he passed her. Her father, pounding up some minutes later, was out of the saddle be- fore his mount had stopped running. He dashed for the girl, horrified by her appearance. She arose, took several faltering steps and was clasped in his arms. Hair-Trigger drew near enough to the racing stagecoach to shoot Chalk off his perch if he so desired. Chalk realized what an inviting target he was atop the stage and was leaning over as far as he could, the reins wrapped around his arms, high heels planted firmly against the foot-board. But Hal- lock's guns were suddenly stilled and Gallatin wondered why--couldn't be the gunfighter had run out of ammuni- tion. As a matter of fact. Hallock had changed his mind about the method of killing his enemy. A bullet would be too ordinary, too easy. His bare hands must do the job. To do this he must first get Chalk alive in his hands, which presented a problem. The coach was whirling along a trail that stretched almost level for several miles toward the Cuddy Paw Mountains. Chalk was high-lining the four-in-hand and really wasting energy, for they had the bits in their teeth and would not have slowed up for a preci- pice in their path. It occurred to Hal- lock first, of course, to shoot the stage 