10 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE Conscience was a pestiferous thing. But gradually it hardened and the number of his victims mounted and his guns became as much a part of him as his hands; now, at thirty, he found him- self haunted with faces of the past, some blurred by time, but none of them missing from his mental gallery. Of necessity he lived where the law could not reach, or was farcically represented. Derringer, Montana, was a hotbed of desperadoism; it had tamed down not a peg since it appeared on the time- tables of the Northern Pacific. Yet even in the midst of men as law-shy as himself, Hallock must be eternally vigi- lant, for like a champion of whatever, there were plenty who would kill him for the notoriety it would bring them; there was an "if" as always--if they could get the edge. And remembering the lesson taught by the passing of Bill Hickok, he was ever alert in the pres- ence of his fellow men, with one excep- tion. The exception entered the Elkhorn at that moment, looking for Hallock, Hallock who had not been "Tom" for ten years, but Hair-trigger, a two- handed gunfighter who had put the "art" in artillery and daily cursed the fame that would not let him act the normal man. "Stranger just got off'n the west- bound an' headin' this way. Looks like he might be a law-dog. No hardware showin'." Thus spoke the "exception," otherwise "Reckless" Brule, in the ear of Hallock. The Northern Pacific station was catty-cornered across the street from the Elkhorn saloon and Brule had been occupying a chair on the stoop of the latter. Whenever a train stopped or the old Concord swung in from the back country, passengers who alighted were accorded careful scrutiny by the gun- toting tribe of Derringer. The latest town marshal had joined his predeces- sors in "boot hill" but a week since-- though not by the hand of Hallock-- and the minds of Derringer's denizens were temporarily warped with unusual suspicion of unfamiliar faces. Any time the sheriff of Missoula county might take it into his head to "clean up;" either come himself or send a deputy. Therefore, Reckless Brule was moved to warn his pal, who had a longer rec- ord of killings than any Derringer gun- slinger, albeit "cleaner" killings. STANDING together at the bar, the two presented a strange contrast. Hallock, taller by two inches than Brule, was wide-shouldered, lean- flanked, with frosty eyes, aquiline nose and thin lips featuring a smooth- shaven face the color of redwood. He was crowned by a grey Stetson, knocked into a "Denver poke," the loose ends of the raw hide chin-strap dangling over the knot of his bandanna; wore plain leather riding-cuffs, thong-laced shirt and fringed leather chaps; stood up in the inevitable cowboy boots. Crossed belts supported his ordnance, two hol- stered Colt's equalizers. Brule, nick- named "Reckless" by the man he had thrown in with because reckless of the hazard linked to the association, was gorilla-like in form and so bow-legged he appeared to be hairpinning the bar- rel of a horse even when walking. Hair and beard were fiery red and of luxu- riant growth. A battered, short- brimmed Stetson tilted over one ear; his forearms were bare, his greasy vest flapped open; his trousers, worn out- side his boots, were rolled up several inches above the ankle. A grotesque figure, this Brule, but a cross-arm draw artist and steel-true to the man he called "pal." At Brule's whispered information, Hallock nodded and his lips tightened. The gorilla-man oozed away from his side and took spraddled stand near the 