WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 57 eight-ten hard ones in the Elkhorn by yuhr lonesome. She didn't know where Blackfoot was, she said, when I asked --an' that's where she lied. I know now he was listenin' in the next box, waitin' for her signal." "I was lookin' for him same time yuh was, Edgelow, an' saw him with his ears to the wall from a box across the hall. I went right over." "KNOW what that girl Goldie's game was? Seein' I wasn't goin' to get drunk, she pulled the curtains shut an' come an' set on my knees an' started to get mushy. I'm--well, I'm human an' I ain't an old man an' she was pretty an' soft, like I say--soft on top, she was, but hard underneath. That skirt, while I was kissin' her, both arms around her, slid one hand down an' lifted my Colt. I felt it leavin' the hol- ster, tried to grab her arm, but she jumps up an' backward, holdin' it an' calls, 'Blackfoot! ', sharp. In he jumps, gun in his fist, lockin' the door quick. I made a dive for him as he turned from turnin' the key. We clinched in a mighty lovin' clinch an' I tore the gun away from him, throwin' it under the table. Goldie, I'll say that for her, didn't try to help him in the fight an' she could've easy. Mebbe she was sorry she'd helped a breed ag'in her own race, I dunno. Well, we rassled all over that li'l box, yuh betche, an' I was aim- in' to get at that reserve thirty-eight in- side my vest. The breed, from bein' pressed so close to me had felt it, knew what I was tryin' to do an' tried to pre- vent it. Just about then yuh blowed the lock off the door. Dixon mebbe thought it was a good chance to escape or that somebody was gettin' in to help me--I figgered it was somebody cornin' to help him; anyways he jerked himself loose as yuh smashed the lock an' stam- peded right over yuh, as yuh know even better than I do. Got my thirty-eight out, but he was gone before I could fire. Then I lined yuh--an' yuh walked off I reckon yuh're wiser now than yuh was before, eh, Hallock?" "Keno. How come yuh stayed in the box when I ran after Blackfoot?" "Why, Goldie told me who yuh was --an' she'd told me before that, in speakin' o' Gallatin, that yuh an' Dixon was deadly enemies; so I figured if any- body could corral Blackfoot, yuh could. An' then I had a few gentle words to pour in the lady's ear appertainin' to her part in the game to colddeck me. When I told her she was liable to arrest did she wilt? Like hell! She called me some names I ain't never heard before an' I thought I'd been dry behind the ears long enough to know 'em all. 'Course I didn't intend to arrest her-- I pity the pore devils--but I reckoned to throw a scare into her an' keep her from tryin' the game on somebody else. But she didn't scare an inch. Sorry Blackfoot got away," he added. "When I went down to the street I heard some talk about him tryin' to slope on the stage. I looked for yuh, knowin' yuh'd know more about it than anybody an' final I saw yuh walkin' along here." Hallock nodded. "The Injun's a devil-darin' cuss. Jumped out the win- der o' Spokane's place onto the roof o' the stage as it was passin' by. My father-in-law tried to hold him, but couldn't an' he beat it somewheres." The gunfighter did not speak of the second meeting with Blackfoot. He stood thoughtfully a moment or two, the deputy imitating him. "Blackfoot's hoss gone from the hitchrack in front o' Spokane's? That bein' so, mebbe he's rode out to join his pardner in that coulee. I know where it is an' what it's like--as yuh say, a pretty good fort. But they won't be stayin' there long, I reckon, though, before yuh come, there wasn't any law hereabouts to bother 'em none. Aimin' to drive 'em up to 