WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 23 saying, "I can get you through the heart first pull, Chalk, and I will if you move another step!" And Gallatin replied, "Believe yuh could an' would, dammit!" Hair-trigger's battle spirit soared. He flung out of bed, pulled on shirt and trousers, and reached up in the dark for his guns. The belts and holsters were hanging in place, but the latter were empty. So, sans hardware or weapon of any sort, Hallock barefooted over to the door and swung it wide suddenly. The low- burning gas-jet threw light upon a most significant tableau. There were four figures, one opposing the other three, and all of them poised tensely. Sue stood nearest the door, presenting her back to Hallock. She gripped his miss- ing six-guns in rock-steady hands, covering the precious trio halfway down the hall, Chalk Gallatin foremost, Blackfoot Dixon and Coldiron McClin- tock flanking him. Chalk's right hand grasped his belt near his holster and the fingers twitched nervously with re- pressed eagerness to complete the move to draw. As Hair-trigger stepped out of his room, Coldiron McClintock, a six-foot, angular villian and no second- rate artillerist, huskily exclaimed: "There he is!" HALLOCK was in plain view of the men, but Sue had to depend on sense of hearing; the merest side- glance would give Chalk and pals their chance. This, in fact, was the critical moment, for Chalk, sharp-spurred by twofold jealous hatred of the man who loomed grimly just beyond, went so far as to unclasp fingers from his belt and fasten them on his Colt-butt. The wooden grip still boasted the notch he had carved for Hallock and, resolved that it should never be removed, know- ing Hallock would out-trigger him in straight-up fight if allowed to fully re- cover, Chalk had slipped upstairs with his two closest companions while Sam Brace was in the back room, his office. The telltale shadow on the shade had warned Gallatin, when informed of it by the author of the close shot, Black- foot Dixon, that Hallock was getting dangerously well, would soon be his old self and now or never was the time to act. But, though the men had negotiated the stair-fiight undetected, they had not reckoned on Sue Brace. She came out of the convalescent's room just as the three desperados reached the top of the stairs, and, needing no more than a sight of them to grasp their design, she flew back into the room and out again, lugging Hallock's guns. "Chalk," said Sue, when Gallatin changed the position of his hand, "I'm watching and I can't miss your so- called heart at this range. Not talking to hear myself, either. "Dixon!" on a sharper note, catch- ing the quarter-breed inching behind Gallatin to conceal his purpose of stak- ing the issue on a quick grab for his holster, "stand away from Chalk. You can't put over any Indian slickness on me." "Sue," broke in Hallock at her back, "pass me the guns an' I'll fog 'em to a finish." "Tom," she replied evenly, "you'll oblige me by going back in your room. I'm a corking good shot and they all know it. They're going to about-face and head downstairs again, clear this hall by the count of three, or they won't be able to go down at all." And she stubbornly refused to give up the shooting-irons, though Hallock all but bent his knees to her. At the same time he thrilled over her grit and deft handling of the situation. "One!" counted Sue, and Chalk visibly started. He perceived that she was going to be as good as her word. "Hidin' behind a woman's skirts!" 