58 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE the border an' across into Canada, dontcha reckon?" "Yeh," said Edgelow. "Take a sharp guy to get 'em by the Mounties, but Blackfoot's sharp enough even if the other fellow ain't." "Yuh want I should ride with yuh, Edgelow, an' help get the Two Bar hosses back? If there's a way to do it, we'll find the way." The efficient deputy clapped a hand on his shoulder. "Hallock, I've been hopin' yuh'd offer yuhr help. Ready to go?" HALLOCK glanced toward the open saloon door. "Yeh," he said sud- denly. "I'll see my wife after we come back. Know where the Sundown stage station is? Yuh must've rode past-- Righto? Meet yuh at the corrals. My hoss is there." Ten minutes later they were riding south on the moonlit plain. Deputy Sheriff Edgelow had been talking ever since they threw the town behind. ". . . An' the reward money for Chalk, dead or alive is yuhrs, o' course. One thousand offered by the county; another thousand by Wells Fargo. I'll have the sheriff send yuh a check soon's I get back." "Well," said Hallock, "I ain't yet reached the stage where I'll turn down cold cash; in fact, I'm needin' it more now than I ever did." "Shore yuh are, though I can't say from experience, not bein' hitched. An' that's all the more reason, Hallock, why you should consider serious that pro- position to swear yuh in as a deputy o' Granger's. He wants yuh, man. Said he didn't believe yuh was half as black as painted--" "I was though," interrupted the two- gun man, severely honest, "till the girl who's my wife took me in hand. Pretty wild yes, Edgelow, but she's goin' to gentle me to the bridle in time. Yuh see, I don't like the deputy idea 'cause it'll mean I've got to keep on packin' guns--an' since I killed a pal by mis- take--" He paused and coughed to re- lieve the sudden tightness in his throat at the recollection of old Reckless lying in his grave. "I know about that. Goldie told me." The deputy's tone was sympa- thetic. "Goldie," said Hallock, in a minute or two, "shore must've poured her brains out of her mouth. Well then, yuh know my reasons for wantin' to discard guns: I'm married an--the other thing." "Yeh," nodded the deputy, yet was undeterred. "But, Hallock yuhr repu- tation is big enough for yuh to rest on it. Blackfoot Dixon, I reckon, is about the last of yuhr real haters an' we'll mebbe get him tonight. It ain't likely that many will want a run-in with yuh, knowin' what mean lead yuh serve. Why, Hallock, I'd be willin' to bet any- thing almost that yuh won't have to pull a gun half a dozen times while yuh're in office. The bad men, rustlers an' all of 'em will take a sneak out o' yuhr part o' Missoula County--it wouldn't surprise me. An' if yuh do have to shoot, why, it'll be in the name o' the law. "Wearin a nickel badge an' killin' a man don't make no difference in the fact that yuh've killed him," observed Hal- lock with a logic that stunned but did not convince the younger man. "Not that I'm gettin' ree-ligious," added the gunfighter with a short laugh, "though I've lately scrambled acquaintance with a preacher who rings the bell." "Yuh ain't got any other job in mind, have yuh?" young Edgelow asked, feeling that here was a clincher. "No," said Hallock, "an' it's that fact only that keeps me from turnin' yuhr deputy sheriffin' offer down flat. But all I know is how to play opry on 