110 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE U.S. Government Jobs START $1260 to $2100 Year MEN-WOMEN Defense program increasing appointments. Prepare now for 1942 Examination Mail Coupon Today SURE FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. G178, Rochester. N. Y. Sirs: Rush to me without charge (1) 32-page book with list of many U. S. Government Big Pay Jobs. (2) Tell mo how to qualify for one of these jobs. Name ........................................ Address ..................................... JOIN American Red Cross "RHEUMATIC PAINS" MAKE THE TEST FREE If you'll just send me your name and address, I'll mail you ABSOLUTELY FREE a generous trial test supply of the NEW IMPROVED CASE COMBINATION METHOD for re-lief of those agonizing pains commonly associated with RHEUMATIC, SCIATIC, ARTHRITIC, and NEURALGIC conditions. No matter how long you have had those awful pains you owe to yourself and your dear ones to try my new Improved Case Combination Method. IT DOESN'T COST YOU ONE PENNY TO TRY IT. SO SEND YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS TODAY. PAUL CASE, Dept. 472, Brockton, Mass. ANY PHOTO ENLARGED Size 8 x 10 Inches er smaller If de-sired. Same price for full length or bust form, groups, landscapes, pet animals, etc., or enlargements of any part of group picture. Safe return of original photo guaranteed. 47c 3 for $1.00 SEND NO MONEY Just mail photo or snapshot (any size) and within a week you will receive your beautiful enlargement. guarenteed fadeless. Pay postman 47c plus postage--or send 49c with order and we pay postage. Big 16x20-inch enlargement sent C. O. D. 78c plus postage or send 80c and we pay postage. Take advantage of this amaz- ing offer now. Send your photos today. Specify size wanted. STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 113 S. Jefferson St., Dept. 62-C Chicago ASTHMA AGONY Don't rely on smokes, sprays and injections if you suffer from terrible recurring, choking, gasping, wheezing spells of Asthma. Thousands of sufferers have found that the first dose of Mendaco usually palliates Asthma spasms and loosens thick strangling mucus, thus promoting freer breathing and more restful sleep. Get Men-daco in tasteless tablets from druggists. Only 60c. Money back guaranteed unless fully satisfied. CASH FOR UNUSED STAMPS U.S. unused postage wanted at 90% face value for denominations 1/2c to 19c. 85% face value for denominations 20c to 50c. Small lots 85% face value. MAIL STAMPS REGISTERED. Money sent by return mail. GARBER SERVICE, 72 5th Ave., Dept. 1104, N. Y. C. (SIDELINE Salesmen and Agents) Sell our Illustrated Comic Booklets and other novelties. Each book-let size 4 1/2 by 2 3/4. Ten different sample booklets sent for 50c or 25 assorted for $1.00 or 100 assorted for $2.00. Shipped prepaid. Wholesale novelty price list sent with order only. No C. O. D. orders. Send Cash, Stamps or Money-Order. REPSAC SALES Co., 1 West 13 St., 1104, New York. N. Y. Shanto's gun came up almost level. Blemming's weapons were ready in his hands. And when Shanto would have fired Race jerked himself back as a jack rabbit crouches before it leaps for- ward. As Shanto fired he threw him- self downward and forward and came to his knees ansjvering the fire both Shanto and Blemming had started. Race's weapons spoke again and again. They spat out the hate and lust for vengeance that sprang from inside him. While his leads drove deep into Shanto and deep in Blemming he felt their leads seeking his own flesh. He stum- bled, fell, and rolled back through the broken window. He got somehow to those few quiet blocks at the edge of town where he'd tied the Kid's horse in the blackness. Shouting and the sound of horse's hoofs came from in front of the Wildcat. Race didn't spur the horse into flight. He held it in check and let it pick slow steps between the dark buildings that cast no shadows in the absolute black- ness. The little sound his horse made was lost in the greater noise of the sheriff's hastily organized posse. Race was a mile away before the posse was ready, and then they didn't know which way to follow because of the darkness. DUT the first streaks of dawn found the posse close on his trail. In day- light it wasn't a hard trail to follow. The tracks of his horse led along the short cut to the Four Bar Ranch. Streaks of blood marked the way. They were less than half way when Sheriff Ballard halted his party. Two horsemen were riding toward them. As they came nearer they saw that one man was slumped and stiff. He was dead, his body tied to the saddle of the grey horse. A thin, tall youth on a cowpony came leading the grey. The youth looked familiar to Ballard and a moment later he recognized Race. 