EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 73 wondered if her reticence meant that she had taken a dislike to him. If he had killed, so had her father. Earp waxed talkative over his pipe, while June was clearing up. Crime of any kind was evidently new to him and he was glad to have a kindred ear in which to pour the details. "Feller ranchin' near me in Cactus Valley tried to make up to June there. I always thought he was a snake an' 'bjected. Warned him to let her alone. She didn't like him no mor'n I did. But he kep' cornin' to see her now an' then. Final I told him I'd shoot if he set foot on my premises ag'in. He didn't say nothin' when he went away that time. It ought've warned me, but my skull was too thick. He waited till I was off on the range 's mornin', come to my place an' put his dirty paws on my June! Tried to carry her off, by God! Well, by luck she got a-hold o' a gun an' drove him away. He han- dled her so rough she fainted after he'd gone, an' that's the way I found her. She didn't want to tell me what'd hap- pened, knowin' I'd swore to kill--but it was an easy guess for me an' I oiled up my shooter. Went right after the polecat, over to his ranch, havin' first some leetle difficulty shakin' off June-- for my sake, not t'other feller's. I found Gant at his place an' I looked at him through the smoke. Then I rode back an' got my wagon an' June an' hit the trail for here." The Kid was looking at him with a puzzled expression as he finished his narrative. "Gant, you said, the hom- bre's name was--Joe Gant?" "Yeh, Joe Gant. Know him?" "Some. What time you kill him?" Earp hooked the pipe out of his mouth, staring in turn. "What time? Why? Well, about three hours ago." "Joe Gant?" The Kid leaned for- ward. "Why, Earp, I hung that galoot to the cottonwood front of his house easy four hours ago." "Not Joe Gant, you didn't," Earp shook his head positively. "I know!-- what's that?" he broke off, as a great clamor arose down by the pass that gave entrance to the Soldados. Both Earp and the Kid cocked their ears. Numerous hoofs were beating on the flinty trail, coming up and toward them. "Hossmen," said Earp. "An' cattle," added the Kid. "Rus- tlers drivin' in swiped stock. That hap- pens right along in these mountains. They're safe from the sheriff once they're through that pass." "Ain't it a danged shame," began Earp, himself a ranchman in a small way, and then thought of his own loss of honest citizenship on the range, his descent to the level, or below, of these cattle-lifters approaching. He became suddenly silent and dropped his head. June, standing by and comprehend- ing swiftly, stooped and laid a com- radely hand on his shoulder. She would share his exile, she who had been the indirect cause of it. Earp lifted his head at her touch, his eyes warming with affection. THE Kid, witness to this brief bit of heart-play, half rose to his feet as the trampling of the cattle, punctuated by the lighter staccato of swift-footed ponies, drew nearer. "They'll pass by on the trail but they can see over here plumb plain," he crisped. "Best they shouldn't know you're hereabouts, Miss Earp." At the Kid's words her father started up. "McCord's right. Jump in the wagon, June. That'll sure hide you." She turned to comply, slowly, as if she did not share the apprehension of the men. She didn't, thought the Kid, because she did not realize the gravity of her position here in this stronghold of lawless men. As the girl disappeared 