EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 75 love for her, an' I reckon you have. Hide somewheres near the pass an' I'll join you later." He stood up then, Brazos' conical, bullion-trimmed hat down about his ears and jumped for the waddy's horse, swung up and rode for the main trail, leaving a much perturbed and marvel- ing Earp squatting by the fire. CHAPTER II THE Kid could have made a get- away, aided by the darkness and the confusion attending the drive over the rough, dark trail, at almost any moment after he quit Earp. But he didn't try. He would be chased, and the only way out of the Soldados, by the pass, led past the late scene of his impulsive knockdown. He wanted the Earps to have ample time to clear the dangerous neighborhood and hoped old Ezra would have the sense to tie up Brazos before leaving the campsite. The outlaw would not have remained unconscious very long. Doing his part and more, Kid Mc- Cord hung on as drag-rider of the stolen herd through semi-darkness that some- times led up and sometimes down, but seldom straightaway. There was a full moon, but little of its light reached the twisting trail. Steep walls on either hand for more than half the distance to the waddy rendezvous were respon- sible for this blocking of the moon- light, but the rock formation was in another way an assistance to the gang, keeping the cattle from scattering. The cows go only forward or backward and the rustlers prodded them steadily for- ward. In less than an hour lights flashed ahead. It was a little rockbound side valley, flooded with moonlight into which the herd emerged. There were two or three shacks, in the open doors and windows of which the lights gleamed, and several large stockade corrals. Into these latter the cattle were punched and penned up. They filled two of the corrals, and the Kid, a top hand when he was working at his regular business, estimated their num- ber at three or four hundred. Quite a bunch at one swipe! Some rancher back in Cactus Valley was sore that night, he'd bet on it! The Kid, because of the strenuous saddlework required en route to the waddy camp, had been able to avoid conversation or contact with his com- panion in the drag, a foul-mouthed hombre who had gone about his work with oaths and obscenity dripping con- tinually off his chin. Now, in camp, and the cattle safely impounded, prob- ably to await alteration of their brands on the morrow, the rustlers would gather together and the Kid's thin dis- guise would be penetrated. His eyes sought the dark avenue by which he had entered this side valley. He might have made a dash for it, but several riders were in between. Anyhow, a sudden dash might not be the best way to go about it. He hadn't a doubt that the mounted men carried rifles in their saddle boots and a bullet from a Win- chester would be more effective in head- ing him off than horsemen across his path. Only a novice could have missed in the strong moonlight. So the Kid debated with a cool brain. He'd have to sidle nearer to the out trail before he ran. Now the men were getting off their horses, which behooved him to think and act quickly. If he didn't dismount too, they'd get suspicious, but he must stick to the horse if he hoped to escape. He was riding by one of the shacks while his mind churned over the situation and a man, standing in the doorway, drew the Kid's atten- tion. 