76 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE " 'Lo, Brazos," called the man. "See you made a pretty fair gatherin'. Point over here. I want to see you." THE Kid was in for it! But he mo- mentarily forgot the pressing peril when he glanced at the speaker. The voice had sounded somehow familiar, a glance in its direction well nigh stunned him. The light from the shack revealed the owner of the voice as Joe Gant, ranchman of Cactus Valley, the same man the Kid had treated to a strangulation jig that afternoon, the man Ezra Earp declared he had drilled with a six-shooter! There was no mis- take--Joe Gant as large as life and in perfect health apparently, when two men could have sworn on a stack of Bibles that they had put him over the jump! "You hear me, Brazos, or you got mud in your ears?" shouted Gant an- grily, for the Kid was riding on. The Kid made no reply--in words. He acted: slid down Apache-style, on the far side of his horse, hanging by hand and toe, and struck into a gallop. In the hand he wasn't using to hold on he gripped his Colt and he fired under the horse's neck, but missed. It would take practice to shoot accurately in this unaccustomed position and before he could launch a second shot, Gant moved hurriedly away from the door, realizing what a fine target he made. From inside the shack Gant shouted at the top of his leather lungs: "After him, boys. If that's Brazos he's gone loco, but I reckon it ain't Brazos; some- body else wearin his hat!" The hat in question had dropped from the Kid's head as he swung down. It was much too big and he didn't need it any longer. What he wanted was room and he proceeded to get it for himself by firing at the two rustlers, back in their saddles at the first shot, who now tried to bar his way. He must have hit the right-hand rider, for the fellow doubled up in the saddle. The other swerved and the Kid pounded by, shooting again under the horse's neck. The upright waddy was swing- ing his gun as the Kid sped on, trying to locate some portion of the flying horseman's anatomy where he might place a bullet. By the time he had decided to shoot the horse first and its rider afterward, both had vanished through the dark outlet down the high- walled trail. But the vanishing of the Kid didn't end it. Nobody had an idea who he was, except that he must be an enemy, somebody masquerading in Brazos Slayden's hat. Every man had remounted. One or two had had the saddles off their cayuses. They slapped them on again. Gant ran down to the horse-corral and got himself a horse. The pursuit strung out of the rockbound side valley and one, two, three, up to a dozen, along the trail traveled by the Kid. On his part the Kid was exulting. The hard job had been getting out; with them behind him he had a plan for jacking up the pursuit; had no in- tention of leading them through the pass near which he had told Earp to seek concealment. So when the pur- suing hoofs were striking sparks from the rocks uncomfortably close in his wake, the Kid executed his stunt. He dismounted with his horse going at full speed, drove it down a draw and let the pursuit sweep after it, while he himself proceeded on foot toward the pass. It was about two hours from the time he quit the waddy camp on the run that McCord, more than a little footsore from walking rock in high heels, arrived at the pass into--also out of--the Soldados. Passing the for- mer camp-site of the Earps and him- self--he had seen from the trail that they were gone--and quitting the 