WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 49 permission to fight. Hallock, I stipu- lated one man at a time, and here you took on half the town. Not to men- tion," he added, "the other capers your wife has told me about." "That so, doc, yuh did give me or- ders," Hallock loosened the hold of one arm about Sue and scratched his head, half-grinning. 'Danged if I didn't for- get 'em. But." with a full-throated laugh, "I feel all right." "In that case," said the doctor, "I'd say we have no cause to worry. But how about that ear?" Hallock put up a quick hand to the mutilated member. 'By golly, I do re- member gettin' hit, but it was so long ago, I'd plumb forgot. Coldiron did that--but Coldiron ain't no more an' I'll hear just as good." "Come over to my office right away and I'll fix it up." "Soon's I corral my Happy Hoofs, doc. Say, girl," to Sue, lifting her face, which all this while had been buried in his shirt, "yuh don't say nothin'. How come? Yuh can't exactly blame me for that fight. Coldiron fired at me through the front winder an' I went in after him--an' was jumped." "How many, Hallock?" interposed Bennison. "Well, doc, I just lost count, they kept coinin' so fast, but both guns is empty an' I didn't sling much idle lead," replied the two-gun man. Then, to his wife, "Sue, they was honin' to down me an' I shore thought they would--" She stopped his mouth with her hand. "Why do you talk so foolishly, Tom! Blame you! I never was so sea--" "Hallock," cut in the doctor again, 'I didn't think Sue Bra-- Hallock could faint, but she can. Did, dead away, when we ran down here to see what the cannonading meant. I differed in opin- ion with your wife. I was that confi- dent you'd win through--well, I said to myself if you didn't smoke your way out I'd never touch another drop of liquor. And that was a promise." Doc, yuh shore must've had confi- dence," 'Hallock remarked quizzically. "I don't suppose," said Bennison, "that anybody needs my attention in there." And he waved toward the bar- room. "No!" Hallock shook his head. Then added: " 'Nless it's the barkeep. Yuh might prescribe him a nerve- tonic." That fight in the Elkhorn Bar was a source of conversation in Derringer years after; hard-eyed old-timers, who had survived the hectic days of the town, related Hair-Trigger Hallock's feat with pride and heartily cussed the law that only allowed shooting by man who wore badges. There had been no gunplay paralleling that of Hallock's since Wild Bill Hickok, armed with a rifle, two six-shooters and two bowie knives, shot and cut up the dreaded McCandlas outfit, single-handed, in Kansas. Hallock did not realize that he had made history for Montana, but he did not know he had stirred up Der- ringer considerably, particularly when, on entering Spokane Harry's honka- tonk that night, he was approached by the frock-coated, cat-footed proprietor. "Evening, Trigger," he said. "We don't often have a visit from you, and while I want to make you welcome, I hope, at the same time, you're not look- ing for anyone. I'm not a cheap skate, but the fixtures in this place cost me plenty and if any such gunplay as you staged in the Elkhorn was pulled in here--I'd burst into tears." Spokane's poker face relaxed in as much of a smile as he ever permitted himself. "You sure messed up the Elkhorn, you and your playful friends. Promise me. Trigger, if you're aimin' to start some- thing you'll drag it out in the street first." 