98 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE face gone suddenly bleak, his attitude grim and quiet as the steel of a six- shooter is quiet. He looked off down the road to where it widened and be- came the main street. "I'm goin' an' have a talk with the three men that just come up an' left their horses in front of the Sagebrush Bar, across from the bank," Rem said in a hell-hollow voice. "Buck Honor, Big Mitch, an' my brother, Roml" "Wait, Rem!" Kay cried, clinging to his arm. "Get help." "No. Maybe this can be settled with- out another pitched fight, with inno- cent folks gettin' killed an' wounded. An' you stay here." He shook her off and strode down the path, mounted and rode down the street without once looking back at the girl. He reined up and got down two doors from the saloon, pausing to glance at Jock Hargish and three of his riders as they came in up at the feed corral. Maybe Hargish expected trouble with the pool members today? Loosening his iron in the leather, then, Rem drew in a steady, long breath, stepped quickly down to the Sagebrush Bar and inside. Three long strides took him to the bar close to Buck Honor. Big Mitch stood next, then Rom. The trio tensed, mouths wide open as Rem faced them. "Kind of early for you gents to be out, ain't it?" he asked. "Wait!" Honor forestalled Rom's move as his shoulders hunched. "Well, Mister King. An' your pleasure?" the swamper and morning bartender inquired. "I was just start- in' to tell these gents about the gunfight across the street. Funny, but y'know I'd swear I'd seen the two on this end some'ere's before. An' the other'n, too --unless I saw somebody looked like him. A long time ago, seems as." "We heard about that ol' fight," Rom snarled. "Get away." "Not this fight, you never heard about," Rem told him. "He meant the fight a couple days ago, when Younk Fraly an' Gurt Kruss was killed." "Wh--whatl" Big Mitch blurted, and Honor gave him a keen glance in the backbar mirror. "Yeah. I shot Kruss, an' he killed Fraly as he was dyin'. But he talked, Mitch. Kruss told a lot of things . . . Hold 'er, damn you!" Rem rested his hand on the butt of his gun. "Rom, don'cha draw." "Let's hear this story," Honor growled. "Y'see, Mitch was powerful set on lookin' things over alone! I de- cided we'd leave the boys outta town, an' me'n Rom'd ride along with him. We sure never reckoned to find you here--an' folks callin' you Mister. Go on. ..." Rem moved out a step, and poured out the story. "It's a lie!" Big Mitch snarled. "It's nothin' but a trick to mess things up. This lard-mouthed--" "I don't think it is a trick, Mitch," Honor broke in harshly. "I always wondered about the hot lead reception, that time; an' the way your hoss went down in that creck." "Stand aside, Buck," Rom rasped. "Gimme room to move. I aim to blow Mitch's guts out then dump this but- tin'-in Rem's innards." "Hold 'er," Honor grunted. "Some- body's openin' the bank, an' them three gun-packin' rannies loungin' around don't look good. No--" "Hell, yes!" Rom raged, leaped out and went for his gun. The ensuing scene was a blur of motion. Rem freed his gun and jumped aside. He could have gunned Rom in that moment, but something stronger than his own neces- sity stayed his trigger finger. Rom's gun roared, Big Mitch pulled a trigger, and, jarred up against the bar by the shock of a bullet, Buck Honor's gun