32 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE her head up by short-reining, he eased out of the saddle, felt for the tree with one foot, then placed the other beside it. Fortunately Happy Hoofs did not move. Hallock glanced back at the saloon- keeper, whose mount had balked again, and called in a steady voice, "Better get off an' walk, Sam. Choke the bridle, too, but if yuh feel his hoofs slippin' let go an' save yuhrself." Sam quavered an unintelligible reply and imitating Hallock's method of dis- mounting as nearly as he could, got down. "Now take yuhr time, Sam. It's shaky business, but not so hard, the gunfighter counseled, to steady him; then went to the head of Happy Hoofs and gripping the bridle short, started to lead her. The mare did not balk now. Where her master could go she could follow-- it was application of a bit of horse psychology on Hallock's part--and the firm hand at the bridle heartened the paint; closer and closer loomed safety. Ten feet--five--Hallock and Happy Hoofs tood on terra firma. But the gunfighter could not draw a long breath while Sam was still en route. He faced the log, watching the slow and hesitant progress of man and mount with nerves strung taut. Up until today he had always imagined himself practically nerveless. "Welcome to earth, Sam!" the gun- fighter exclaimed in a voice tinged with relief, as Sam and his horse stepped to safety. "Foolish for yuh to start right after me, but--" He hardly had the heart to be harsh with the man, he was patently so near collaspe, and now that the danger was past. "That was a nerve-tickler, wasn't it, huh? When I die I want my boots to be off, yessir! " A wish which would never have been fulfilled had he continued to hell-pal- around with Reckless Brule. FOR answer the saloonkeeper dropped his horse's reins and stretched him- self flat on the ground and closed his eyes. Hair-trigger accorded his silent sympathy. His own nerves tingled un- comfortably at the remembrance of how the bottom of the valley looked from the middle of the bridge, how out- of-reach firm ground seemed. "Yuh're as white as Chalk, almost," he addressed the shut-eyed Brace, "an' mebbe I ain't so nut-brown myself." "Wish I had four fingers o' XXX to start my heart pumpin' ag'in," said Sam slowly. "Systems full o' floatin' icebergs. I ain't even sweatin'." Hallock laughed and sat down on a rock. "Take yuhr time but don't take too long." Sam opened his eyes and got up im- mediately. Sue needed him just as soon as he could reach her. How could he have forgotten for a moment and ling- ered? He was in the saddle ahead of Hallock, swiftly impatient to be off. The gunfighter swung to Happy Hoofs and they headed back to the place where the far end of the bridge had rested. Way below them the saw the charred and broken timbers still smok- ing. Following the broad road around the valley wall, which was used by the stage as well as horsemen, they gradu- ally descended and flicked through a pass at the base of the Cuddy Paws. They sailed into Pinecreek at a thundering gallop, drawing many an anxious female eye to curtained win- dows, for it was not infrequently that desperadoes from Derringer painted red their quiet neighbor town, despis- ing its tendency to be law-abiding; and Pinecreek had had a very recent scare. Eagerly the eyes of the two-man posse sought among the horses hitched in the street for a glimpse of a hammer-headed bay. That would be Chalk Gallatin's cay use. "Hey, pop. where's yuhr preacher 