68 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE ing, "Those hills look just as far away as ever." The old desert rat chuckled, "Hell yes," he said. "That's the way it is in the desert. But we'll pull out late this afternoon and we'll be in them Faraway Hills come noon tomorrow." He went on, "You throw some grub together Ann while I look after the burros." As he walked away he stopped and told her, "You can have all the water you want now Ann. Plenty to last us through from here. Hell yes." The girl made a fire and fixed bacon and coffee and biscuits in a Dutch oven. When it was ready she rested. It began to seem a long time that the old man had gone. She put the breakfast close to dying fire and walked around to the end of the red ledge. The sun struck her a hot blow. The four mouse-colored burros stood half on a little hillside, completely in- different to the world they were so used to. She called out, "Granddad." There was not even an echo. Her voice seemed to fall flat, dead, as if she had never spoken. Suddenly she realized the vastness, the desolation, the loneliness of the desert. She walked hurriedly back to the little bed of white ashes. After a moment of uncertainty she pulled her grand- fathers short 44-40 Winchester from the scabboard on her saddle and stood it up against a rock. Then she smiled, saying, "Stupid. He'll be here in a minute." She stood listening intently then she heard a rock roll and smiled with relief. She laid out tin plates and cups and heard more rocks roll. She heard horses but had no time to sort out the noises. A horse snorted and she whirled, wide eyed, to see a man on a horse. The man's lips were cracked and his bloodshot eyes were fastened on the water kegs. He croaked, "Gawd!" He began to climb off the half dead horse, looking at the girl without seeing her. He croaked, "Water! Damn you, water." The girl continued to stare, horrified, then her face flushed with quick sym- pathy. She said, "Yes. Yes. There's plenty of water." She picked up a small pail and filled it, hurriedly, from a keg. "But not too much," she warned. The girl watched the man drink, drink avidly, drunkenly, tipping the little pail higher and higher. The water ran around his mouth and down over his chin. She took hold of the pail warning him, "That's enough. Wait a while." The man took the pail from his mouth, his light eyes went insane with rage and he struck the girl, savagely. Then he put the pail back to his mouth. The girl stood back, her face an angry red. She put her hand up to her cheek where she had been struck and her blue eyes turned purple. Then she thought, "The poor man. He's crazy." Another horse came on stumbling feet and a heavy set man with his leg tied to the saddle horn was struggling with the rope. He slid off the horse, his wounded leg collasped and he fell at full length. He got painfully to his hands and knees staring, bleary eyed, up at the man drinking. He croaked, "Give me that water, Slim." Then he began fumbling for his six-shooter and pointed it unsteadily at Slim. Slim took the empty pail from his face and drew a deep breath. He looked at the man on the ground, yelled, "You would, would you?" and kicked the man's six-shooter from his hand. Then he brutally kicked the poor man in the face. Slim held the pail out to the girl, ordering her, "Fill it." 