NO MANBREAKERS WANTED! 65 Stark slid up unto the horse, rode up out of the brush, through a thicket of ocatilla cactus and the desert was before him. He was thinking, "They haven't water enough to reach the Far- away Hills, neither have I, but mebbeso they don't know it. Old Turkey Tracks has enough though." Then he thought of the grand- daughter out there on the desert--and those two waterless killers coming on her. With slitted eyes the manhunter rode out onto the desert. Out in the desert two men riding westward. Hard-eyed men with mean, tight mouth?. A heavy-set man with a week's beard on a beefy face rode tilted over in the saddle. He had rigged a rope sling that ran from the saddle horn down under his left knee, holding it up. He held to the saddle horn with both hands. His face was drawn with pain. The other was younger, slim, with light hair and eyes. His eyebrows were so light as to be unnoticeable, giving the light eyes a curiously snakelike look. A bundle in a grain sack was tied securely behind the saddle. The heavy one felt gingerly of his wounded leg, cursed, and complained, "I'm thinking we'd a done better to have hit it for the border. This ain't no good." The younger one snarled and cursed, "Oh lay off me. This is the way we planned it ain't it? That damned Ranger has hightailed it for the border. We figured that all out didn't we?" The wounded man grumbled again, "What'd you want to beef that cashier for Slim? That'l get us in trouble yet." Slim cursed and pulled up his horse to stare with mad unblinking eyes, "Will you shut your yawp or will I shut it for you?" The wounded man groaned and tried to ease his leg. After a little he said, "What say we take a little water?" Slim yelled at him, "No! I done told you we ain't drinking till night, and damn little then." The wounded man mopped his dirty, sweaty pain drawn face and mumbled something. Then he looked back over his shoulder. When Slim saw the wounded man look back over his shoulder he, too, looked back. The wounded man mumbled, "Do you reckon we ditched that damn Ranger?" Slim said, "Sure," but there was no conviction in his voice. They plodded on into desert. The sun dropped lower and lower ahead of them sending its searing heat into their red faces. They rode up short rocky slopes and down the other side. They rode around clumps of ocatills and pickly pear and past the whitish groups of the poisonous cholla. Red lizards ran on hot red rocks and stared at them from beady little eyes. They skirted while alholi sinks and the white dust burned cracked lips and their red, in- flamed eyes were painful. The horses traveled with lowered listless heads. Black streaks of wet sweat ran down from under the saddle blankets. The wounded man grumbled again, his mouth twisting with pain, "By gawd this leg hurts." Then he said, "If you hadn't acted like a crazy fool and gone to shooting we'd a got twice what we did, and we wouldn't a lost Joe and I wouldn't a got this leg." Slim snarled, "Go on. Go on. Keep yawping." Suddenly the wounded man pulled up his horse. His voice was hoarse as he shouted, "By gawd I can't stand it. I gotta have water, and I'm going to." He unslung the canteen from his sad- dle horn, held it up by his ear and shook it. He said, "gawd." an began to drink. He drank thirstily, deeply, 