WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 25 "or I'll be the first man you'll have to lick. Fists, because I'm a rotten shot." "Be damn' hard for yuh to coax a fight out o' me," laughed Hallock. "Tell Sam I'd like to see him when yuh go down, will yuh?" When the saloonkeeper came up he found Hallock cleaning his guns. "Chalk downstairs?" queried Hair- trigger abruptly. "No," answered Sam, dropping on the edge of the bed and viewing Hal- lock's occupation curiously. "What the hell yuh up to, Trigger?' ' "Aiming to settle my score with Chalk, Yuh heard about last night-- the second time?" "Sue said she'd caught Chalk, Black- foot an' Coldiron on the second floor. They sneaked when I wasn't in the barroom." "Yeh, an' she didn't make much o' her part in it, I reckon. Her way, an' yuh savvy. But she's stood 'tween me an' trouble for the last time, Sam. Give Chalk this message from me and when he drifts in: an hour from the time yuh see him, I'll meet him back o' the stage corrals an' shoot it out. Got that?" "Ye-es," drawled Sam, "but I dunno about deliverin' it. Sue would give me hell!" "If she knew--but don't yuh let her know. I'm in good shape, asked the doc. An', Sam, I wouldn't dare get my- self shot up after all the care Sue's taken o' me. Only thing I'm afraid of is that Chalk won't grab a-holt the other end o' the snake. He ain't got a chance in a hundred an' he's wise. He may figger to win by a trick--he's a crafty coyote--but I'll have my wits workin' an' my eyes open." UNCOMFORTABLY the saloon- keeper consented. "All right. I'll go along with yuh, as second, an' tote my sawed-off to keep Chalk's friends from interferin'." Hallock reached over and clapped him on the back. "Hop to it! Lemme know soon's yuh've seen him--but care- ful Sue ain't around." "Yuh bet I'll be, for my own sake," grimly responded Sam, and went out. Two hours later he brought the sur- prising information that Chalk Galla- tin had accepted the challenge, would, accompanied by Blackfoot Dixon to act second, meet Hallock and Brace in an hour behind the Sundown Stage Com- pany's corrals. Hallock leaped up and began pacing the room in front of Sam, dominated by the old urge to kill. He even snapped his arm forward in the motion of throwing a gun. Then he stopped dead and the flicker of hell in his eyes faded. "Blood-hongry as ever," he la- mented, presenting a long face to Sam. "Death o' Reckless didn't cure me after all, an' Ive swore reg'lar every day--" "But yuh can't kill off a thing like that so quick, Trigger. Hafta tame yuhr nature by degrees. No disgrace in failin' down, but in givin' up." Thus Sam, sagely. "I've knowed gunfighters all my life an' lots of 'em reformed, though it was uphill climbin' an' they didn't do it in a day or a month. An' this here fight, thought yuh're the chal- lengin' party, is more in the way o' bein' self-defense. Chalk's forcin' yuhr hand." That hour of waiting was the longest for Hallock since he had been down with his wound. Ten minutes before the time set for the duel, Brace poked his head in Hallock's room. "Shove along here, Trigger. Sue's gone to the store an' the coast is clear for a few minutes. Say, yuh're lookin' prime! " Hallock was the old Hallock, from hat to spurred boots, and excepting his chaps; wore his low-slung guns with the old careless grace. His confinement had not lasted long enough to pale his 