BORROWED BULLETS 107 sights and fired. He fired again. Bled- sin clutched at his waist. His gun spun in the air as he fell. New bullets hailed across the bar now. Glass from the mirror and from broken bottles showered down. Men crouched behind overturned tables. All who weren't cowards were trying to kill the Jack Rabbit Kid and claim the reward. Race hunkered along toward the rear. He reached a rear window and felt a bullet burn through the flesh of his hip as he toppled through in a shower of glass. He came to his feet in the alley and found himself laugh- ing crazily, laughing and running. He'd done for two of the men that he wanted; he'd have to come back for the others. A shower of late lead whistled around the corner of the building as Race got safely around it. He holstered his guns, ran along the far side and stopped at the corner. He stood there a split sec- ond to straighten his mask. A dozen men came running, yelling wildly, after the reward for the Jack Rabbit Kid. Perhaps they thought they had winged him. Race held the Kid's guns firmly, one in each hand. He stepped around the corner and faced them with the guns leveled deadly. Taken by surprise, the men stopped as if they'd run into a wall. "The first man t' level a weapon dies," said Race Gordon. He appraised them a moment with calm deliberation and knew they were afraid. Sheriff Ballard wasn't among them and Race was glad of that because he didn't want to mix with the law or kill any inno- cent person. He held them off with one pointed gun while he got to the Kid's grey mare and climbed up into the sad- dle. Bullets followed as he rode out of town but he was low and skinny in the Kid's saddle and none of them reached him. "I Talked with God" (Yes, I Did---Actually and Literally and as a result of that little talk with God a strange Power came into my life. After 42 years of horrible, dismal, sickening failure, everything took on a brighter hue. It's fasci- nating to talk with God, and it can be done very easily once you learn the secret. And when you do--well--there will come into your life the same dynamic Power which came into mine. The shackles of defeat which bound me for years went a-shimmering--and now--?--well, I own control of the largest daily newspaper in our County, I own the largest office building in our City, I drive a beautiful Cadillac limousine I own my own home which has a lovely pipe-organ in it, and my family are abundantly provided for after I'm gone. And all this has been made possible because one day, ten years ago, I actually and literally talked with God. You. too, may experience that strange mystical Power which comes from talking with God, and when you do, if there is poverty, unrest, unhappiness, or Ill-health in your life, well--this same God-Power is able to do for you what it did for me. No matter how useless or helpless your life seems to be --all this can be changed. For this is not a human Power I'm talking about--it's a God- Power. And there can be no limitations to the God-Power, can there? Of course not. You probably would like to know how you, too, may talk with God, so that this same Power which brought me these good things might come into your life, too. Well--just write a letter or a postcard to Dr. Frank B. Robinson, Dept. 977J, Moscow, Idaho, and full particulars of thia strange Teaching will be sent to you free of charge. But write now-- while you are in the mood. It only costs one cent to find out, and this might easily be the most profitable one cent you have ever spent. It may sound unbelievable--but it's true, or I wouldn't tell you it was.--Advt. Copyright, 1939, Frank B. Robinson. 