EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 81 bandanna, dug the knife outa his boot an' used it on the sash an' rope. Bet he had his hands free when I was talkin' to him. Well, we'll have to do without him." They ate breakfast, though June's appetite suffered somewhat from the knifing incident, and the Kid and Earp buried the man they knew as "Brazos." About half an hour afterwards they heard hoofbeats out on the plain and the two men crept up over the rim of the hollow and, through the screening brush, peered out. "McKell !" the Kid exclaimed and Earp echoed him gutturally, for at the head of the five riders swinging across the level, evidently following a trail by the frequent glances cast ground- ward, rode the lithe-figured, iron gray sheriff from Fairchance. What had brought the posse to the foot of the Soldado Mountains was not a hard guess for the Kid, though Ezra Earp opened bearded lips to question. "What--" he began, then the Kid laid a hand on his arm. "Listen!" he hissed. "McKell hol- lerin'." The posse had stopped suddenly and wrath fully the sheriff's voice was raised, the while he shook a clenched fist. "Just like always! The trail goes on into the Soldados. Your cows, Bar- ton, is lost just like everybody's else's. Can't get 'em back 'nless the gov'ment will lend us a regiment an' a couple machine guns." "Well, what the hell!" bawled Bar- ton, the ranchman who had owned the four hundred steers, pushing his horse up beside the sheriff's "No other way, Mac, 'nless we could catch some of 'em outside." "That's right enough," boomed Mc- Kell. "I'd stake my hope to reelection next fall that lots o' the gangs in them mount'ns come to Fairchance an' mingle with us, drink with us, play cards, but--if we dunno who they are, how can we lay 'em by the heels?" "You can't," agreed Barton. "Well, goodby, cows," he flapped a disgusted hand at the pass before them. The impulse to break cover and in- form the posse of the identity of at least one of the badmen of the Soldados seized Earp and McCord simultane- ously, for they turned and stared at each other questioningly. "We're fugitives our own selves," said the Kid slowly. "I reckon we'd better not chance it." "I reckon not," agreed Earp, and sank back. SO THEY remained silent and hidden from sight while the posse riders turned about and hit the back trail, slowly and in savage humor. "It's funny," said the Kid, as he and Earp dropped down into the hollow again, "that McKell don't think o' hidin' a bunch of men near the pass an' watch for outlaws to go in or out--like we're doin'." "You oughta be sheriff," Earp de- clared. "You shore got more head than the one in office, though Mac's a good enough feller if you ain't done nothin'." Near noon, when they were begin- ning to think of food again, men's voices and the measured click-click of loping horses on rock, drew the Kid and Earp up into the brush again. "If that's Gant," hissed the Kid, as they hustled to the edge of the brush, "he ain't alone. If the odds--" He forgot to finish, for his eyes were doing duty now and what he saw scuttled his hopes. The pass was spewing horsemen, two and two abreast, and continued until six had loped forth. One of the van riders, on the side nearest the hol- low, caused McCord and Earp to face each other an instant. 