48 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE the vest of the second bad man, Hal- lock tunnelled him, the flame from the muzzle setting his shirt on fire. The third man of the trio, who had been delayed in reaching Hallock by stumbling over Len Roper, was the first object to loom on Hallock's wavering vision as he slid off the bar. He had forgotten that man. He fired without aiming; saw him fall and the smoke jerking from his gun-muzzle as he fell. But Hallock was sure he himself had not been hit, for he felt all right, except for dizziness. On the floor a man moved; accustomed to watching the hands of men, their hands and their eyes, Hallock almost mechanically saw the hand of the man lift--and mechani- cally he shot, wondering as he pressed trigger, if there was an unused cartridge in the gun he pointed. He had lost count of shots and men. The roaring explosion and the thump of the man's head on the floor were both vaguely sat- isfying. That man must be the last of them thought Hallock as he gazed around, seeming to look from another world upon the shambles he had created with his two hands, lined with iron; yes, he was the last, the fellow he had kicked in the face. He remem- bered now. He sheathed his guns and turned to the bar. "Whisky," he said in a monotonous voice, though there was nobody in sight to take his order. The bartender, his face pasty, crawled out from under. He fumbled the bottle and glass he placed at Hal- lock's hand. "Nerves ain't so good, huh?" the gunfighter sneered. "Look here!" He stretched forth his right arm, the fingers of his hand spread wide--steady as rock. The bartender nodded, shamefaced. "I ain't put together that way. Few is." He sniffed. "Somethin' burnin'." "Powder," suggested Hallock, sarcas tically. "Somethin' else, too." The bartender leaned over the mahogany. "There!" he exclaimed and pointed down. "Wes ty's shirt's afire. Gettin' cremated." Hallock glanced at the little blaze started by the pistol he had shoved in Westy's vest and whipping off his som- brero, beat it out. Then he poured and downed a short whisky. "Why'n hell didn't yuh warn me about Coldrion layin' for me in here?" Hallock demanded. "Friend o' his, was yuh?" "Hadn't no idea he was up to nothin', Trigger," replied the barman. "I don't think he was till he saw yuh ridin' by. Spoke about yuh mashin' his face an' said he'd get yuh for it--but that was nothin' new. That crowd yuh just cleaned up always did have it in for yuh. My God, but yuh can fight!" "Thanks, I am able to take care o' myself some. It's plumb lucky I didn't need no help. About all I can thank yuh for, yuh bar-swabber, is keepin' out of it." The "bar-swabber" was silent. Hal- lock turned to go; paused at the door and looked back. "There's one face in 'ticular I'm missin' on that floor-- Blackfoot Dixon's. Know where he's at?" "Ain't seen him since last night." Hallock strode out of the front door --into the arms of his wife. CHAPTER IX Hallock Kicks "I'VE been fightin' ag'in," declared the two-gun man idiotically, hold- ing Sue in close embrace. Behind her stood Doc Bennison, so- ber again, but shabby as ever. His smile was expansive. "When I gave you 