WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 39 sight. "Sue's blood!" he screamed--a hor- rible sound, like the cry of a mortally wounded horse -- and he pounded Chalk's head up and down on the ground. Then suddenly he took his hands from the cow'boy's throat and grew dangerously quiet. Chalk sucked in the life-giving air with mouth agape. "Get yuhrself together, yuh woman- rustier!" snarled the gunfighter, bend- ing forward until their faces almost touched. "I'm a-goin' to quirt-bust yuh like yuh did Sue Brace before I stop yuhr clock! " When Chalk's breathing became less labored--Hallock sitting on his chest and watching the signs like a cruel-eyed eagle=--the gunfighter tore the quirt from Gallatin's wrist and heaved up. "On yuhr feet, now!" he rasped. "Take it standin' like a man--no!" he snorted, "not like a man, but stand up anyhow, yuh lowflung, woman-handlin' hound!" CHALK levered himself to a sitting posture with his hands spread w'ide on either side of him. He knew that he must get up, that there was no es- cape; yet he had not the courage to gather his feet under him. "I said up!" bellowed the avenger. "Well, I'll shore help yuh then!" when Gallatin still sat and stared, speechless, and with hand gripping the front of his shirt, yanked Chalk erect on his wob- bly legs. "Damn'!" swore Hallock, surveying the cringing figure, "if yuh ain't a sight to sicken a body!" He stepped backward to where he had let his guns fall and, eyes never wavering from the face of the man he intended in the end to kill, stooped and slid one Colt in the holster on his left leg; and, with the other in his hand, he walked over to his enemy. "Yuhr iron," said Hallock, shoving his own in Chalk's empty bolster, "is smashed to hell. I'm heelin' yuh to see if yuh've got the guts to dig for can- non while I'm beatin' yuh--an' if yuh have, well, go for it an' I'll show yuh!" But the fact that a sweet-shooting weapon had been put under his hand didn't hearten Gallatin much. He was barely able to stand from fear and weakness, let alone rise to the supreme demands of the occasion. "Yuh're sayin' I beat Sue Brace," quavered Chalk, not knowing what else to say, his wits were so jumbled, an eye of dread on the lash Hallock was pull- ing slowly through his fingers in wicked anticipation, "but I didn't, Hallock, I--" "That's for lyin'! snarled Hair-Trig- ger, and cut him across the face, the course of the thongs marked in blood- red welts on the dead white skin. In- voluntarily tears sprang to Chalk's eyes; he yelped. "That shore matches the scratches Sue put on yuhr mush try- in' to get away from yuh!" the avenger declared, pleased with the result. "But I've only just started!" With all the vigor of his arm he at- tacked Gallatin's head and shoulders. The stinging, biting, rawhide trailed one long welt after another across the pale visage, until it was no longer pale but had the appearance of fine-chopped meat. Chalk's hands and wrists were laid open, his sleeves torn ragged, from trying to shield his face. Pain-mad- dened at last to the point of forgetting his fear, he suddenly dropped his arms and screaming curses to with a man, grabbed for the Colt. Hallock's red- rimmed eyes glinted--with what emo- tion it would have been hard to say; possibly a fiendish joy that he had whipped his cowardly foe into showing resistance. Chalk had the gun almost clear of the open-mouther holster when Hnllock, shifting his grip on the quirt, crashed the loaded end on the cowboy's head, unprotected, as his sombrero had 