52 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE neuver. Not at first connecting the breed's desperate jump with the noise of the stagecoach, subconsciously heard above the roar of the dance-hall activi- ties, Hallock was treated to a surprise when he looked out. Instead of lying below with a snapped neck or leg, Blackfoot Dixon was riding away on the coach roof, all asprawl just as he had landed. He gathered himself to- gether, even as Hallock glimpsed him, to meet the attack of Sam Brace, who had risen on the seat beside Seddon and was facing backward. The driver, roar- ing at his four-in-hand and sawing on the lines, brought the Concord to a standstill at an acute angle, with the leaders prancing on the board sidewalk. Dixon and the saloonkeeper locked in- stantly in a mutual grizzly hug and lurched wildly back and forth, prevent- ing Hallock from attempting a snap- shot. "Hold 'im, Sam! Lend a hand there, Rafe!" yelled Hallock from the win- dow, then drew in his head and retraced his steps at speed over the gallery. He passed the box in which he had encoun- tered the reckless youth with the short- barreled thirty-eight. The man and Goldie were still there, he noticed-- Goldie was cursing the fellow. He wheeled as he heard Hallock going by, called something which the gunfighter did not catch, nor stop to have repeated. Hallock leaped down the stairway, swinging his gun, and the men and women nearest him scattered. They had heard nothing of the set-to on the gallery as they were making more noise than had attended that fracas them- selves, and they thought Hallock was on the rampage and anybody likely to stop lead. He did not have to clear a path to the front door, it was cleared for him by willing enough feet. He passed close to Spokane Harry, whose inward trepidation did not show in his expressionless face. "You lied to me, Spokane!" rasped Hallock, grabbing the honkatonk own- er's arm and halting an instant. "I 'spose yuh thought Blackfoot would get me from behind, me believin' what yuh--" "I lied to keep the joint from being messed up," interrupted Spokane, boldly fronting the gunfighter though he feared death. "I knew Dixon was here and I tried to find him and per- suade him to get out. Where is he?" "Jumped out the front window onto the stage," replied Hallock, failing to metion the queer game he had bucked on the gallery. He was forced to be- lieve the proprietor's alleged reason for concealing the fact of Dixon's presence and released him, saying, "No fight with yuh, then," and ran on. As he charged out of the front door. Spokane sighed in relief and with the other hand brushed the arm Hallock had roughly gripped. RUNNING toward the stage, halted down the street not far from the honkatonk, Hallock was greeted by a shout from Sam Brace, who was sitting on the coach roof: "He got away: Trigger!" Hallock swore luridly. "Which way?" "I don't rightly know," answered the saloonkeeper, in the tone of one who feels his failure deeply. "Twisted my gun away from me, hit me between the eyes an' dropped off. An' Rafe, he had his hands full with the hosses. Too bad, Trigger. I did my best, but he was a combination o' steel spring an' breased hog." "I reckon. Got away from me, so I can't hardly say much to yuh for lettin' him repeat. Wouldn't be sense to look for him up any dark alleys--he's got yuhr gun, ain't he?" The two-gun man was standing by the stage now, looking up at the saloonkeeper, and saw him 