NO MANBREAKERS WANTED! 67 the sun. He started to turn his eyes away and then held them, staring out over the back trail a long time. Slim snarled, "What's eating you? Come on." The other muttered. "I seen some- thing." He kept on staring and then spoke more firmly. "There 'tis." Slim brought his horse up to the other, asking, impatiently, "Where's what?" The other pointed a dirty finger. "See," he said. "Jest below that little red mesa. Can't you see it? Moving. Now it's gone. Wait." Slim spoke impatiently, "Oh hell. Come on. You're seeing things." The other pointed again, his voice animated, "There! Look quick. You got him against that white ledge." Slim looked a long time. Then un- der his breath he said, "I git it. It's a man horseback!" The other spoke their common thought, "It couldn't be that damn Ranger." Slim said, "Hell no. We didn't come that way. We came from off to the left. That man ain't trailing us. More'n likely he's somebody like us, on the dodge." The other said, "Yes we did too. That's jest the way we come." They looked at each other, then the wounded one said, "That damned Ranger is on our trail!" They turned their horses then to fol- low the burro trail. Slim said, "We gotta get that desert rat's water. With plenty a water we can lay out and am- bush that damn Ranger. With him gone and plenty water we are sitting pretty." The wounded one pleaded, "Now we're going to have water, Slim, give me a mite of yourn." Slim snarled at him, "No!" We ain't got that water yet and I ain't aiming to take no chances." He kicked up his horse, spurring him cruelly, carefully looking back to watch the wounded one, snarling at him, "Hit some life in that plug, can't you? Going to be dark di- rectly." On another ridge they looked back again into the dusky twilight shadows. The blood red sun after seeming to hang a long time, stationary, above the horizon had dropped beyond the dim line of the Faraway Hills. The long black shadows of sunset went out too and a grey, silent dusky lay over the desolate land. The wounded one said, "Mebbe he'll lose our trail in the night." Slim spurred his horse again, sav- agely, snarling, "Come on. Damn that Ranger. He won't lose nothing--'cept his life." TWO hours after sunrise old Turkey Tracks and his granddaughter made camp. A ledge of red sandstone promised shade for all day. The little, white haired old prospector stumped around, busily, unpacking four mouse colored burros. He placed two water kegs carefully in the shade, talking more to himself than to the girl, "Hell now Ann," he said, "which kag did we use of last? Gotta keep 'em even." The girl smiled, saying, "Can't you talk at all Granddad without saying 'Hell'?" The old desert rat answered, quite seriously, "Hell yes." The girl threw up her lovely head and laughed. The old man looked at her for a minute, then chuckled. The girl was dressed in blue jeans and heavy shoes. A blue jean jumper covered a flannel shirt. She swept off a wide brimmed black hat and the desert sun warmed her hair to spun copper. She busied herself unsaddling her saddle burro, then walked around after wood. She came back with an armful of dead ocatilla stalks, remark- 