26 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE tan and he was hardly any thinner now than he was before his confinement, for he had been well fed. Like a couple of mischievous boys, fearful of encountering Sue, the gun- fighter and his second slipped out the back door of the saloon and walking along the outskirts of town came, in five minutes, to the stockade corrals in the rear of the stage-station. There was a clearing north of the corrals which had been used many times in the past as a duelling-ground by those who had not settled their differences summarily in main street or the saloons and dance halls. "There's Happy Hoofs whistlin' to yuh," smiled Sam, as a pinto thrust its head over the pickets of the high corral and shrilly welcomed the approaching Hallock. Happy Hoofs, the gunfighter's sad- dle mare and pet, boarded with the stage horses. The station-keeper, Cale Halpin, was a friend of Hallock's, there- fore ignored the stage company's rules regarding horses other than those be- longing to the line. Cale put in an ap- pearance at the back door of the station while Hair-trigger was fondling the mare's handsome head. " 'Lo, Trigger, glad to see yuh lookin' so pert," Cale came down to the cor- rals with his hand out. "Had a siege, didn't yuh? Say, do you know that paint gal needs exercise a lot--an'-- uh--Brule's cayuse, too. Are you go- in' to ride the mare?" "Not now. Exchanging lead with Chalk Gallatin here in a few minutes. Stick around and see the smoke," said Hallock, staring hard into space at the mention of Reckless's name. "Chalk Gal--where'n hell did he get the nerve to fight yuh?" The station- man couldn't make it. "Out of a bottle, I reckon--or mebbe he's stayin' sober an' dependin' on his tricky wits." THEY lounged against the corral, waiting. When the hour was up, Chalk had not appeared. Still they waited. Hallock remarked that he could excuse Chalk for not being punctual at his own funeral. Not until fifteen, twenty minutes had passed did doubt arise in his mind, shared equally by Brace and Halpin. "Reckon he's comin'?" said Sam, the first to voice the question in the minds of all. "If he don't I'm goin' after him, even if Sue sees me," Hallock rejoined, his eyes deadly behind half-closed lids. Neither hide nor hair of Chalk at the end of a half hour. So Hair-trigger and the saloonkeeper left Cale chewing a speculative cud and headed around into Main street. They had not pro- ceeded far when Sam grasped Hallock's arm. "Say, 'taint hoss sense to go canterin' round in full bloom this way, Trigger. He might be hidin' anywheres. An' it's just struck me what's his likeliest game: to lay for you in the Elkhorn. Savvy?" "Yuh mean," said the gunfighter, "he'd figger on me gettin' tired waitin' at the corrals an' goin' back to the Elk- horn, an' when I drifted in the front door he'd bang me off?" "Just that." "Good head, Sam. And yuh're right. We'll checkmate 'im--go in the back way. Turn down here," heading in be- tween two shacks; "he may have spies lookin' for us to show up on Main street an' warn him we're cornin'." They entered the Elkhorn by the rear door and Hallock pushed ahead into the barroom, expecting to catch Chalk off guard. But Chalk was not there, only a few minor characters in the turgid life of Derringer. These men manifested surprise at the sudden looming of Hair-trigger, panoplied for war and wearing his fighting face, and 