12 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE but I wouldn't want yuh should get mad at me, so I won't say no more." "A fool has got to go his pace an' find," declared Hallock; then under his breath as the stranger exited, "Talks like a preacher not a rancher." But Hair-trigger was uncomfortably impressed. To date, the only law that he recognized was that which rests in a holster. He lounged over to Reckless Brule, who, with his head out the door, was watching to see that the stranger laid a course for the livery stable. "What yuh think o' his sentiments, Reckless?" inquired Hallock, who val- ued the gorilla-man's opinion. "Huh?" Brule drew in his head and turned on Hair-trigger, jerking up his flaming beard with a one-sided facial twist, betokening disgust. "Hell, too pure for this world! A bebbe will hold him up some day--an' buzzards pick his bones. 'Tain't tame enough for the Gol'ding Roole, this Montanny." He snorted, letting his beard fall. Neither saw the sneer on the face of Chalk Gallatin, "bad" cowpuncher, who was hoping the man bound for the Two Bar had a defective memory for faces. "I dunno, Reckless, if yuh're right or not--an it's the first time," said Hair-trigger, and retired to his corner at the end of the bar. The redhead gazed after him, so muddled and amazed that he opened his jaws and his pipe dropped. "No savvy," he grunted and, recovering his pipe, went out and flopped in the chair on the stoop. Chalk Gallatin swaggered very short- ly from the Elkhorn and paused by Brule's chair to ask, sotto voce: "Hair- trigger talked kinda queer, didn't he? Losin' his nerve, yuh reckon? I've heard tell gun-fighters do some--" "Looket here," Brule's eyes blazed up into the pale face of the ex-cow- boy, "yuh be damn' shore he's lost it, yuh dehorned spawn of a maverick afore yuh stand up to him! He knows yuh're stalkin' him, that yuh'd like the glory o' posin' as his killer, but don't make no fatal mistake. He's got a mood on, like he gits sometimes, but his triggerfinger's 'iled, yuh betche." The twist of Chalk's lips was a fail- ure as a smile. He lifted his head at the clipclop of hoofs, saw the stranger off the Northern Pacific riding down the street from the direction of the livery stable and promptly turned his back until the other had gone by. Brule glanced at Chalk from under his shaggy red brows. He made a mental note to tell Hallock of the incident. "There goes a shorthorn what's due to impede a forty-five slug afore he's many weeks older," Brule made a bet with himself as Chalk left the stoop and rolled up street. Scarcely did he realize how far-sighted he was--and at the same time, short-sighted. CHAPTER II He Kills His Pal DECKLESS BRULE thought he would go to bed. He sat on the edge of his bunk in the shack he occu- pied with Hallock, several doors above the Elkhorn Bar, and listened to a harangue on laziness from the tall gun- man standing in front of him. "Which yuh've done nothin' but hold down a chair on the Elkhorn stoop all day, Reckless," declared Hallock, hook- ing thumbs in his belts. "Cash is gettin' low an' we need ammunition for our stummicks if not our guns--" "Wal," said Brule with a grin, "why don'tcha go out an' shoot somebody? There's that gunnin' job the Ox Bow foreman wanted yuh--" "Yuh think ag'in," advised Hair-trig- 