WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 21 Yuh don't talk none like other frontier girls, leastways the ones I've seen." "Oh," she laughed, "mother had schooling and she taught me some. Then I went to a little log schoolhouse in Nevada. There's no great mystery about that--why?" Hallock swung his head from side to side. "Me a gun-throwin' hellion, no good whatever to nobody, no looks, no money, never been inside a schoolhouse --an' the likes o' yuh takes to me. That's the mystery, girl. But," he added, quickly, "I ain't goin' to pry into it none!" CHAPTER IV Woman's Skirts Between TWO days later Hallock was out of bed and able to walk within the confiines of Sue's room. When he tired of pacing up and down he would sit near the open window, well back from it so that he could not be seen by anyone in the street, yet could himself see from a certain angle. It was by advice of Sue Brace that he took this precaution; she argued the prud- ence of not letting his enemies know he was on his feet again until his strength had fully returned and his wound en- tirely healed. And Hallock readily acted upon this advice, seeing that it was good. The lips of Sam Brace and Sue and Doc Bennison, the only three who saw him, were sealed regarding his progress toward recovery. That night, despite his caution dur- ing the day, Hallock was guilty of such negligence as nearly cost him his life after all. When dusk descended on Derringer, he pulled down the window- shade and lighted the gas. He had eaten, but was reluctant to go back to bed; his old vitality had reasserted it- self and he was doing nothing to use up the excess of energy; therefore, he glared at the bed which had befriended him in time of need and fell to walking from wall to wall, incidentally passing so close to the window that his shadow was thrown upon the shade. This fact he absent-mindedly overlooked. He had drawn the shade for the purpose of cheating hostile eyes in Main Street, but could not have exposed himself more dangerously had he left it rolled up. His mind was traveling most plea- sant paths, all revolving about Sue Brace, when a Colt banged in the street and, ripping through the shade, a forty- five slug burned across his forehead and smashed into the thin wall opposite the window! Hallock sprang backward, startled, dashing the sudden outpouring of blood from his eyes. His wits collected in an instant, he leaped toward the gas-jet and snapped off the light. Then, spring- ing by the window, spurred to haste by the thought that another bullet might be launched upon the heels of the first, he slid a gun from one of the scabbards on the bed-post. The familiar feel of the gun-grip caused his blood to surge with the old fighting lust; notwith- standing his renouncement of gunplay, he could not conquer in a moment an instinct he had catered to, fostered to perfection, for years. Sliding back to the window, he dropped to his knees and lifted one side of the shade care- fully. His view was much restricted. Seeing none on the visible section of sidewalk opposite--the height at which the bullet had passed through the shade had told him at a glance from whence it came--Hallock crawled around to the other side and repeated the cir- cumspect performance of peeping. But not the sign of a human being could he see to train his gun on. "Scared," he muttered. "Figgered he'd missed when the light went out so 