56 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE "YEH, last week. He's there now, an' that Dixon lifted--but I'll go on from the time Rawdon vis- ited Granger, tellin' Chalk's where- abouts an' how tough Derringer was. Sheriff knew about the toughness an' had meant for sometime to put the lid on up here. As well as gun-totin' hom- bres makin' this town their headquar- ters an' an honest man hardly safe in it, cow rustlers an' hoss thieves was raisin' hell for the ranchers, 'specially the Two Bar, which was the reason the former owner was anxious to sell. I was away in another part o' the county when Rawdon called, but as soon as I came back, sheriff started me on the trail ag'in. I got here yesterday; stopped at the Two Bar to see if Raw- don had got hold of any more informa- tion that would help me. He hadn't, but he was in a terrible stew an' his punchers, too. Every last hoof had been rustled from the saddle-stock cor- ral. They hadn't any hosses to follow a trail even if they could find one-- which they couldn't. Trail was pretty well covered, an' when I tell yuh that Blackfoot Dixon was one o' the hoss thieves, yuh'll understand why -- he used his Injun tricks. Well, I hunted round an' hunted round, an' I struck it. Good bit luck, although I've had a lotta experience trailin' an' learned more from the sheriff. He's a wonder. The trail led toward Derringer, an' as I was cornin' here anyways, it suited me fine. Sighted the stolen hosses soon, an' the thieves, two of 'em. Was careful not to let 'em see me, though. They took the hosses to a coulee about a mile south o' this town, a place where two men could stand off twenty easy, 'count o' the boulders around it. I didn't tackle it. One o' the thieves, when I got near enough, I recognized as Black- foot Dixon. Mebbe yuh don't know it, but Blackfoot's wanted about as bad as Chalk was -- year ago or more he roasted two placer miners at the stake an' stole their dust, on Cougar Creek." "That so! Well, he expressed a heap o' sorrow he wasn't in no position to give me a similar treat. Tickles the Injun spots in him, roastin'." Hallock thought, with a twinge of the manner of Gallatin's deceasement and shut up abruptly. The deputy picked up the narrative. "While I was watchin' the coulee from a distance, Blackfoot rode off, leavin' his hoss stealin' pardner with the broncs. He headed for Derringer an' I trailed after. It was gettin' dark. When we got here I saw him dodge into that honkytonk. Trailed in, but couldn't see nothin' of 'im. So I hung around, waitin' for him to show up. He must've spotted me while I was waitin'; shore he didn't see me when I was trackin' him from the coulee. As my badge was hid like it is now an' I hadn't no idea Blackfoot nor anybody in there knew me by sight, never havin' been up this way before, I wasn't none cautious about paradin'. Dance-hall girl, the one yuh saw me with, come up an' asked me to buy her a drink. Not suspectin' there was any plot afoot an' not wantin' to make any more enemies than neces- sary, I treated. Then she suggested that we take a box an' watch the show an' have more drinks. Well, she was kinda goodlookin', but I don't care much for her kind an' I wasn't on no pleasure trip, but it struck me that she'd know about Gallatin an' likely could gimme a lotta useful information--if she would. I'd try her. I did. I didn't drink much, though she coaxed me, makin' me some suspicious; an' she didn't drink much, which made me more suspicious. Couldn't guess her game, though, for she answered all my casual-like questions in a way I couldn't disbelieve. Told me yuh'd killed Chalk after he'd run off with the girl yuh're now married to an' about yuh downin' 