WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 17 ken. Ten minutes went by and in came Sam Brace, followed by a big, unkempt, red-faced man in rusty clothes; "Doc" Bennison, whose medi- cal and surgical skill was only equaled by his appetite for whisky. He would have been celebrated had he not sold John Barleycorn his rights to a name. Just now he was in an unusual state-- sober. "Upstairs, doc--first room to the right, Sue's," said Sam, going around behind the bar. "If yuh boys has killed off that quart by this time," addressing the bar flies, "I'll just collect the price from yuh, Chalk." And Chalk thrust a bill at him with- out a murmur. Sam's shotgun lay handy. The saloonkeeper made change, saw Chalk pocket it; then watched, through lowered lids, while Gallatin fished a horn-handled clasp knife from another pocket, opened the blade and drawing his six-shooter, deliberately cut a deep nick in the walnut grip of the gun. Bennison was upstairs more than an hour and all that time Chalk Gallatin hung against the bar, neither drinking nor talking. Just so much liquor si- lenced him, made him, to a degree, dan- gerous despite his yellow streak. The others, including Blackfoot Dixon, played cards half-heartedly at two tables. They were waiting, Chalk was waiting. Finally came the slovenly doctor, carrying his worn medicine- case. He got abreast of Chalk and the cowboy put forth an arresting hand, and broke his silence: "Will he live, doc?" Bennison's whisky-red face deep- ened in its ruddy hue. "I think so, certainly, Husky maverick. I got the bullet out, glanced off a rib. Smashed the rib, but it saved his life. Don't mean to tell me you did it?" "It's better yuh let him die, doc," was the way Gallatin answered, his sullen eyes full of menace. "I don't want to carve off the notch I just cut for him!" "Open one of your veins and it would spurt yellow, Chalk Gallatin!" sneered the undaunted Bennison; and brushing off the detaining hand and nodding to Sam Brace, back of the bar, he slouched out. CHAPTER III Romance Shoots Center THE first words to issue from Hair-trigger Hallock's lips when he regained speech concerned the lamented Reckless Brule: "My pal--what'd yuh do with him?" Sue Brace, moving about the room and tidying up, unaware of his return to consciousness until he spoke, turned with a smile that was as cheering as morning sunlight. "Well, if I'm not glad to hear that voice--and so strong! Lie still now. Trigger. Pa buried Reckless back of your shack. Don't feel badly about it --I mean, more than you can help. You've been in a bad way yourself. This is the second day since Chalk Gallatin shot you." She stressed the cowboy's name scornfully. "Yeh, the yellow dog!" Hallock nodded slowly, too weak to be very emphatic. "Anybody else shootin', even Blackfoot Dixon, I wouldn't have minded so much; fact is, I honed to have 'em ventilate me just then--an' even now--pore Reckless! " He looked away from Sue who had seated herself at the foot of the bed. "But you didn't mean to do it. It was a sorry accident, and guess as much Brule's fault as yours. I heard you tell about it that night." She did not al- lude to her part in the violent drama 