14 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE several loungers, who had drifted to- ward the door as the shot boomed out, drew back as Hallock entered with his burden. The card players had given no attention to the shot because gun- play was such a common occurrence in Derringer. As a rule no citizen moved any faster when one or more guns tuned up in Main Street, unless he chanced to be in the line of fire. It was a gun- toting town. However, the entrance of Hair-trigger Hallock, muttering like a wild man, drew even the gaze of the poker-playing train robbers and the groups at two other card tables. Hal- lock eased the body of Reckless upon the bar-top, directly in the rays of a lamp, and, tossing his hat on the floor as if its weight oppressed him, faced the incredulous, staring groups of men. The card games were suspended; he was the focus of all eyes. "That shot yuh heard killed Reckless --I killed my pal!" Hallock shouted, beside himself with grief. "The slow-draw pilgrim which oozed in here to-day, shy artillery, was right --I'm the fool that had to go his pace an' find! If I wasn't always packin' guns an' bein' so free with 'em, trouble wouldn't be alia time campin' on my trail, makin' me watch sharp, day an' night--I wouldn't have shot so quick an' sayin' nothin', mistakin' Reckless in the dark for someun lookin' to cut a notch for me. Reachin' for his hanker," he held up the bandanna, "an' I thought it was a gun he was after. Chalk Galla- tin, I figgered it might be--he's been honin' for my hair." He paused to draw breath, his eyes roving from face to face as if seeking relief, his hands clenching and opening, truly displaying more emotion than anyone would have imagined was in him. He had been looked upon always as a ruthless, silent, nerveless man-killing machine. "To hell with hardware an' gun-slingin'," he cried suddenly, "I'm done!" And with frenzied haste, unbuckled his gun belts and piled them on the bar beside Brule's remains. Instantly, to an accompanying hiss of intaken breaths as his several ene- mies present realized the lion had shorn himself of teeth and claws, hands darted to gun-grips. Hallock, self-disarmed and likely to pay the penalty for an un- guarded moment, did not cringe; in- stead, contempt and anger boiled up in him, evident in the blaze of his eyes, the puffing of his lips. He shook a hard fist. "Damn' yuh for yellow-spined skulk- ers!" he roared. "You wouldn't dast make that handplay if I was packin' iron!" THEY hesitated, all but one with fin- gers resting on walnut butts; that one, "Blackfoot" Dixon, quarter-breed side-kick of Chalk Gallatin, had half drawn the Colt from his holster, but an invisible hand seemed to prevent him getting it clear of the leather. His gun arm was rigid. "Yuh, Blackfoot! Yuh aimin' to cheat yuhr pal, Chalk, o' the glory o' salivatin' me? Why don'tcha draw, Injun?" Hallock's tone should have precipitated action on the quarter- breeds part, but it didn't. And he was not alone in his frozen state. Hallock dominated them, as much without his guns as with them. One man, display- ing a proper fearlessness, may out-face several more easily than he can a single opponent. Hallock continued, on a contemptu- ous note, as furtive glances were ex- changed among the hesitant bidders for fame. "He was a man to tie to, was Reckless--of yuh all he was the only one would risk stickin' by me. An' to think I give him his ticket! It's a curse on me for the bloody record I've been settin up, that's what it is! An' I hate to let Reckless go on in the dark alone; he'd never let me take any trail 