6 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE FOOT ITCH Athlete's Foot PAY NOTHING TILL RELIEVED Send Coupon At least 50% of the adult population of the United States are being attacked by the disease known as Athlete's Foot. Usually the disease starts between the toes. Little watery blisters form, and the skin cracks and peels. After a while, the itching becomes intense, and you feel as though you would like to scratch off all the skin. Beware of It Spreading Often the disease travels all over the bot- tom of the feet. The soles of your feet be- come red and swollen. The skin also cracks and peels, and the itching becomes worse and worse. Get relief from this disease as quickly as possible because it is both contagious and in- fectious, and it may go to your hands or even to the under arm or crotch of the legs. WHY TAKE CHANCES? The germ that causes the disease is known as Tinea Trichophyton. It buries itself deep in the tissues of the skin and is very hard to kill. A test made shows it takes 15 minutes of boiling to destroy the germ, whereas, upon contact, labora- tory tests show that H. F. will kill the germ Tinea Trichophyton within 15 seconds. H. F. was developed solely for the pur- pose of relieving Athlete's Foot. It is a liquid that penetrates and dries quickly. You just paint the affected parts. H. F. gently peels the skin, which enables it to get to parasites which exist under the outer cuticle. Itching Often Relieved Quickly As soon as you apply H. F. you may find that the itching is relieved. You should paint the infected part with H. F. nightly until your feet are better. Usu- ally this takes from three to ten days. H. F. should leave the skin soft and smooth. You may marvel at the quick way it brings you relief. It costs you nothing to try, so if you are troubled with Athlete's Foot why wait a day longer ? H. F. Sent on Free Trial Sign and mail the coupon, and a bottle of H. F. will be mailed you immediately. Don't send any money and don't pay the postman any money; don't pay anything anytime unless H. F. is helping you. If it does help you, we know you will be glad to send us $1 for the bottle at the end of ten days. That's how much faith we have in H. F. Read, sign and mail the coupon today. GORE PRODUCTS, INC. AF 807 Perdido St., New Orleans, La. Please send me immediately a complete I supply for foot trouble as described above. I agree to use it according to directions. If at the end of 10 days my feet are getting better, I will send you $1. If I am not en- tirely satisfied, 1 will return the unused portion of the bottle to you within 15 days from the time I receive it. NAME ............................. ADDRESS ........................... CITY................... STATE ....... 