64 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE John." Others whispered to each other, "Who the hell's he after now?" They went past the cool caverns of the livery barn turned to the left and rode up a long slope. Short, grey green live oaks stood around in the short brown grass. Up to the right the tumbled foothills of the Cholla Range rose up to be the gaunt ribs of the Great Peak of the Chollas. Far up blackish juniper bushes ran up into the pinon belt and then the black band of the pines was drawn, like a shawl, around the throat of the ancient, fire tortured peak. Stark talked to the horse, softly, "This will be four times we chased somebody out into that damn desert. Mebbeso our luck will hold." A little later he spoke again, "We've known old Turkey Tracks for years but I don't savvy the granddaughter. But mebbeso we did hear about a daughter tucked away somewhere." The big bay flicked his little pointed ears and stepped out briskly. They came to the crest of the long slope and looked down on the mesquite flats of the Rio Sacatone and over a thin string of green leaved walnuts to the desert. For mile on mile the desert rolled away to the horizon. Red and brown with leperous white patches of alholi. The heat waves shimmered and shifted and the desert seemed to roll and heave like some treacherous, re- pulsive sea. Away off at the end of the world a blue line lay between desert and sky. "The Faraway Hills," Stark was thinking. "Little water. Only enough for a few head of horses." The horse went on down the Tuscon road, into the mesquite flats along the river. Every footfall lifted little balls of white dust that hung in the air. They turned off the road into a trail that wound around through the mesquite and catclaw and over to the river. There was water there, a shallow stream that sparkled in the sunlight. Across the river Stark slid off the horse and began to hunt signs. He quickly found the place where Turkey Tracks, the old prospector, had stopped for awhile. The mark of the water kegs was plain where they had been filled. "Four burros," he told himself and fol- lowed the trail a little way. "Old Tur- key Tracks on foot and the girl riding. The old fool, dragging his grand- daughter into the desert." Then he grinned and thought, "If she looks like old Turkey Tracks she might as well be in the desert as anywhere." He came back to the river bank and began casting about for the tracks of two horses. He thought, "I know these horse tracks, followed them far enough to." It was sometime before he found where two horses had come out of the river. His lean dark face lightened with pleasure then darkened in disap- pointment. They were not the same horses. He thought, "They could have got fresh horses out of the AN pasture." After a little he shook his head, mut- tering. "But I've got to be sure." He found where a man had squatted on his heels by the river, perhaps to fill canteens. He followed that back into the brush. There he found what he wanted. In the dust, under a mesquite bush, was the clear print of the back of a man. A man had laid there at full length on his back, waiting for the man at the river. What brought the gleam of delight to Stark's eyes was that the man's left hand rear pocket had been half torn down. The mask of the torn pocket was quite clear. STARK walked briskly back to the big bay. "That's him," he told the horse. "That's the wounded one. I saw that torn pocket in the dirt yes- terday afternoon." 