30 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE ber's scarce this high up; mostly noth- in' but grass. We only got a few yards to go an' then we can see." "By God!" Hallock swore suddenly, his eyes flaming as the truth flashed home, and striking his saddle-horn with his fist. "By God!" he repeated and showed Brace his distorted face, which awed the saloonkeeper, accustomed as he was to the fiendish twists Hallock could give to his features; "it's the bridge across the valley that's burn- in'!" And he thrust in the spurs, somewhat to the paint mare's anger, for she was doing her best. HALLOCK reached the turn in the trail many yards in advance of Sam Brace and pulled up. What he saw made him tremble with anger, as the unnecessary spurring was making the pinto quiver with a like emotion. The wooden bridge which spanned the val- ley at this point--fifty feet across was in flames. The thick smoke drifted to- ward horse and rider, enwrapping them. Happy Hoofs shook her head and her eyes rolled with something akin to fear, but Hallock was grim and statuesque. Brace came along, larruping his mount, while the gunfighter sat thus. "Yuh might say," he turned on the appalled saloonkeeper, speaking husk- ily, for the smoke was not without its effect on his vocal cords, "that Chalk burns his bridges behind him." It was grim humor, considering that the distance to Pinecreek was seventy- five miles by any other trail and that haste was imperative. The bridge, tinder-dry as there had been no rain in that part of Montana for a month or more, had fallen easy prey to flame. To start the fire, Hallock judged that Chalk had piled sun-cured bunch-grass on the far end. The flames had eaten more than halfway across to the side where they sat their horses and the middle, sagging dangerously, gave way of a sudden and, dragging even the un- burned section from its moorings, the whole smoking, flame-shooting mass rattled and crashed seventy feet to the floor of the valley. "An' the only other route is seventy- five miles, half around the Cuddy Paws!" Sam Brace exclaimed, w-hite- faced. "A burro couldn't make it down this side o' the valley an' yuh'd need wings to go up the other side." "Chalk shore is a slick article," con- ceded Hallock. "Easy to see now why Coldiron talked--Chalk told 'im what he was goin' to do, o' course. That Injun, Dixon, maybe with 'em, too, an7 he ain't lackin' cunnin'. Might've been his idea. Say, Sam," he shook himself, "no use sittin' here like a coupla bumps on a log. We got to find another way across--no time to go down and around." "Just take the lead an' show me, Trigger. I'm willin' to try anything," replied Sam, who was himself up a stump. "That bridge bein' down cuts off the stage due s'evenin' in Derringer, too." Hallock did not hear the last. He had lifted Happy Hoof's reins and was ambling on around the winding trail which hugged the almost perpendicular valley wall. "What's that--another bridge?" Hallock turned a surprise face back upon Brace and pointed ahead when they had ridden a mile or more up the valley. At that distance it certainly did look like another bridge spanning the chasm. "Can't be--there was only the one." Sam was skeptical, but kept his horse close at the tail-end of Happy Hoofs. When they got nearer they saw it was the huge trunk of a tree. The valley norrowed at this point to about forty feet, but the drop below was just as great as down by the fallen bridge. The log had not been placed in its present 