WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 27 so dearly was it genuine surprise, that the gunfighter surmised Chalk had not spread word of the challenge issued by the man he packed a notch for. "Anybody seen Chalk?" Hallock asked standing behind the bar and sweeping his glance around; to receive negative replies from every quarter. The bartender on duty hadn't laid eyes on Chalk since the latter talked with his boss. Hair-trigger turned away from the bar and confronted Sam Brace, who was leaning against the back-bar, cud- dling his sawed-off. "Reckon he jump- ed the town?" the gunfighter asked. "Dunno what to think--he's cheatin' somehow, yuh can put yuhr gilt on that." Just then A1 Deering, the store- keeper, scrambled over the Elkhorn stoop and staggered rather than walked into the barroom. He had a handker- chief tied around his head and it was splotched with telltale red. "Gimme a drink!" he gasped, lurch- ing up to the bar and clinging there. "Whisky -- no chaser." He gulped down a drink tall enough to oil his organ of phonation and stiffen his wilt- ing legs, then shot a forefinger at Sam Brace, who jumped as if a gun had been stuck in his paunch. "Yuh know where yuhr daughter is, Sam? No, yuh don't, I don't need to ask, or yuh wouldn't be standin' there so ca'm. Well, to make it short an' snappy, that lousy pup, Chalk Gallatin's run off with her! Yep," as Sam leaped a foot off the floor and Hallock called on his Maker to damn the soul of Chalk, "she was buyin' stuff in my place half hour or more ago. We was the only two in the store. While Sue was selectin' some canned goods off a shelf, I heard two hosses come up. Chalk was rid- ing' one an' leadin' t' other. He stopped only a minute to sling a look in the door from the saddle, then rode on around the corner, down the alley 'tween my store an' Spokane Harry's dance hall. I didn't think much about it, not even when Chalk come walkin' in the front door a few minutes after. But it did make me take notice, yuh betche, when the son-of-a-gun shut the door an' dropped the bar. He had a gun out an' told me not to move, me nor Sue either. She gave him the scornful eye an' I betche she'd give him somethin' else if there'd been a weppin handy. I know her spunk. 'Yuh ready to go ridin', Sue?' Chalk says, hard, an' she asks him if he's crazy. 'Yeh, over yuh, he says, gettin' closer to us all the time. I was out from behind the counter an' wonderin' how I could turn the tables on the coyote when all of a sudden he jumps on me an' hammers me on the head with his Colt butt. 'Course my light goes plumb out an' what happened to Sue after it did is only guesswork, far's I'm concerned. When I come to I was tied up with clothesline from my own stock. An' stuff was scattered all over the floor, showin' what a fight Sue had put up ag'in him. Say, if he hadn't had a gun bet she could 'a' licked him bare-handed. Well, the door was still shut, but unbarred, for pretty soon a customer come in an' found me, an' I--" HALLOCK and Brace were by this time going through the front door on fast feet. The hangers-on in the barroom, under urge of excitement rather than from any real desire to help, piled after the gunfighter and Sam, but halted in close ranks when Hallock wheeled on them and thundered: "This is a two-man posse! Don't want none o' yuh scum taggin' along, not knowin' how many of yuh might've been wise to the dirty game an' kept yuhr lips buttoned." And he would have perked his guns and killed them for rats only that he 