54 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE kicked upward with his right foot. The toe of his boot struck sharply the wrist of the desperado, who was scarcely ex- pecting any movement from the region below Hallock's belts, and knocked the gun out of his hand. Dixon loosed a white man's oath. Hallock's hands dropped like a flash, his right one to the belt sagging on the side and coming up with a gleam of steel. "Yuhr turn to watch the hammer Blackfoot!" the two-gun man hissed. Dixon did not cringe, his beady eyes did not waver as he looked at the slow- lifting hammer. "Go ahead an' shoot an' be damned, Hallock!" he said coolly. "I'm mostly white, but there's enough Blackfoot in me to make me take medicine like an Indian." Hallock swiftly sheathed his Colt, stooped and recovered Sam's iron, which had fallen near his feet, and ad- dressed the astonished breed: "Dixon, yuh may hate my guts, as yuh say, but I'm admirin' yuhrs. Yuh shore ain't afraid, an' how yuh come to pal around with a yellow pup like Chalk Gallatin gets me plumb; but that's nothin' to do with us. Blackfoot, it's in the cards that I'm to kill yuh--sometime--but not now. Can't do it after the way yuh just looked into that muzzle an' not an eye flickerin'. We'll have to meet ag'in an' finish it, an' likely I'm a fool for takin' a chance on another time, for yuh, bein' Injun enough to die without whinin', are also Injun enough to think ambushin' fair fightin'. Now, get the hell out!" The hatred had not died out of Blackfoot's eye, for all that his enemy had spared him, as he turned and swiftly retreated up the alley in which he had waited for Hallock to pass. The gunfighter proceeded on his way to the Elkhorn, shaking his head. He knew he was a fool for giving Dixon another opportunity to get him, but, lion-hearted himself, he could not break the temporary spell of admiration for similar courage displayed, under test, by the other. Had Chalk Gallatin's backbone stiffened at the time Hallock faced him on the slope, the bad cow- boy's death might have been less vio- lent--might have been, for Chalk had committed the unpardonable sin, to the primitive mind, especially the elemen- tal primitive mind of a man like Hal- lock, of manhandling a woman, the woman he loved. "I'll tell Sue about that Dixon starin' down death an' paralyzin' my trigger- finger for the first time," he reflected; "an' I won't tell nobody else." He was but a few steps from the door of Sam Brace's saloon when he heard his name called: "Hallock--wait!" The voice was somehow familiar. He swung on his heel and saw a man run- ning toward him. Not until the man came up where the light from the open door of the Elkhorn struck upon face and figure did Hallock recognize him-- and then he did so with a start. He had completely forgotten the young fellow in the gallery-box at Spokane Harry's with Goldie, the curly-headed young- ster who had had the presumption to point a sawed-off thirty-eight at Hal- lock. Here he was, smiling brazenly. CHAPTER X Hallock Opens a Door "YUH don't look a heap glad to see me, Mr. Hallock," declared the young fellow with a West- ern drawl and in no tenderfoot tone, as might have been expected. "Yuh want to be careful how yuh go round pointin' guns at folks," replied Hallock, not knowing whether to be angry or otherwise. "Some of 'em might not take it as a joke like I did." 