BORROWED BULLETS 113 wanted killed. And I never killed one of them till he shot at me first." The sheriff's face was stern. "You impersonated an outlaw which gave 'em a right to shoot you on sight." "They had their rights," Race grinned. "Only they're dead and I ain't. I'm still claiming the reward. I've got to have fifteen hundred dollars down to the bank by tonight to save the Four Bar for mother and Ritzy." Doc Reynolds put a kind hand on the lad's shoulder. "Son," he said, "Sheriff Ballard asked me to examine the Jack Rabbit Kid and say how long he's been dead. I haven't told him yet but I just came across the street and I saw people standing in little groups and I heard them talking. They're saying, lad, that the outlaw was the best friend this town ever had. They're planning to give him a mighty fine fu- neral. They think the shooting you did was done by the Jack Rabbit Kid. It's better I think that they shouldn't know any different. You could have killed the Kid after he did his shooting here. That way you'd be entitled to the reward and folks couldn't stay mad at you long for killing an outlaw with a price on his head." The old saw- bones sighed deeply and turned to Bal- lard. "Sheriff," he said, "no doctor can tell exactly how long a man's been dead. If Race Gordon here says he killed the kid, I don't see how you can prove that he didn't. The Kid was killed with a .45 bullet and that's the caliber of Race's guns." Ballard smiled slightly and nodded his understanding. "Guess maybe you're right, Doc. Race ought t' have the reward." Race lay back then with a little sigh of relief. He had a feeling as if the Jack Rabbit Kid were there in the room saying, "It sounds all right to me, Part- ner. It's the way I'd want it to be." Amazing New Low Cost SICKNESS and ACCIDENT POLICY INSURES YOUR WHOLE FAMILY ONLY $1 FOR ALL Now, we offer for your whole family this amazing new "United" Family Group Sickness and Accident Policy. You may include each and every member of your family in one application--mother, father, children, and even grandparents for only $1.00 a month for all. Don't wait--send coupon today. No Medical Examination. $7500.00 ACCUMULATED CASH for Stated Accidental Death This wonderful, new kind of Insurance Policy pays rcash benefits, for any accidental death to any member of the family. It pays the applicant $25.00 weekly indemnity for SICKNESS or ACCIDENT -- $25.00 weekly for HOSPITAL -- $100.00 EMERGENCY allowance -- many other liberal features -- all as provided for in this remarkable policy. SEND NO MONEY -- FREE INSPECTION OFFER William Llndbloom and family of Chicago, Ill., above, are all protected by their one "United" Policy. The United Insurance Co. is a dependable Company having $225,000,000 on deposit with Illinois Insurance Department for your protection. Send no money -- just ail coupon for free inspection -- no obligation. MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY UNITED INSURANCE CO. Elgin Tower, Suite 6100-C, Elgin, Ill. Please mail me at once complete information and Free Inspection Offer of the "United" Family Group Sickness and Accident Policy. Send No Money. Name .......... Address ....... DON'T DELAY DO IT NOW! FOR DEFENSE BUY UNITED STATES SAVINGS BONDS AND STAMPS 