CAN A MAN BE TRUE? by Winifred Graham Author of "The Vision at the Savoy" SYNOPSIS: Maldio, the progressive and beloved young ruler of the small European kingdom of Lambasa, is poisoned by Count Bistoff at the orders of Maldio's stepmother, Queen Horatia, so that her own son, the puppet Gisdel, may rule. Bistoff, secretly loyal to Maldio, only drugs him and later revives and rescues him from the tomb, along with Dugdale, an English secret agent, buried alive for claiming Maldio was not really dead. Maldio, demanding a respite from kingly cares before claiming his throne, goes to England and secretly marries Loti, the girl he loves, his identity being known only to her. Meanwhile Gisdel has become infatuated with Caroline de L'Isle, ail actress, thereby enraging his mother. The Queen discovers the tomb is empty, suspects Bistoff and sends Zavair to summon him. Bistoff makes excuses. Zavair reports having seen Dugdale alive at Bistoff's home. CHAPTER XXX THE PALACE OF A THOUSAND FEARS MAVAIR had dealt the Queen a crushing blow, which momen- tarily scattered her senses. In low, confidential tones she gasp- ed out trembling questions. Could he swear to the man? Did he feel completely con- vinced the face was Dugdale's and no other? "You see," she added, "this means that Count Bistoff, whom I trusted implicitly, is a traitor. My reason can scarcely grasp such depths of perfidy. We can bear the animosity of foes, but when a friend turns to rend the hand which ever showed him kindness, then indeed the vengeance of heaven should fall on the vile Judas of to-day!" Zavair thought of Horatia's many dark deeds. Long years of tyranny rose up in the mind of this man who knew of her secret cruelty. He could not wonder that a so- called friend should prove false. What had she ever done to win loyalty or affec- tion? The Silent Brigade and their impas- sive Chief served the Queen in deadly fear. They were true, because to be otherwise meant death. He answered the burning questions put to him in nervous accents. Yes, he could swear to what he had seen. And Count Bistoff's refusal to answer the royal sum- mons spoke for itself. Undoubtedly the Court Physician was a traitor. The distracted woman put both hands to her head. She felt as if her brain were bursting. "I must be left to think," she murmured. "You may withdraw, Zavair, but hold yourself in readiness to fulfil imme- diately any orders received within the next few hours. I must hold counsel with the King. Keep all your men together through- out the night, fully armed!" "Yes, your Majesty." 675