730 Adventure decided that in such an event, since nothing in the world would ever induce him to dis- turb that mound in the alcove, that they were gone beyond recovery. The moment of silence between the two seated men was as though Peter, who had craved the interview, had either not quite gathered what he wished to say or was at a loss for breath with which to say it. When, however, eventually he spoke, it was with- out preliminaries. Headlong he plunged into his proposal. "I must buy you off," he said bluntly. "The authorities must not be informed. You are not a rich man. I will make you rich; and I will trust you." The fellow's face, as red now, almost, from excitement as it had been the night before from cold, took on a cynical smile. "Don't you wish you could?" he sneered. "I can and I will," the old gentleman per- sisted. "I'll give you anything in reason to save my poor brother from the madhouse." "And yourself from the chair," the other added with the same smile. "I have no fear for myself." "Well, I've a lot of fear for myself," said the chauffeur fiankly enough. "I'm re- sponsible for that lady your brother put an end to. How far do you suppose I'd get before they'd be after me to explain what became of her?" "You can--you must, get away," Peter Hemming urged vehemently. "It's worth it, man. It means a fortune for you. A life without any more work. Think of that!" "Oh, I'm thinking all right," was the re- sponse, "but I don't see it. I'm not taking any chances for a few measly thousand dol- lars. Besides, what's the use? She and I'd be traced here, and-" "My denial that you were ever in the house would be enough. My denial that you ever asked shelter here--that we ever heard of your mistress or you. I am hon- ored and respected in this State. No one would doubt my word." The chauffeur silently shook his head in dissent. "Come!" pleaded Peter, "let me give you-" and as his hand went tremblingly into the open drawer of the secretary he watched with tense scrutiny the other man's florid face; watched with a prayer that he might, after all yield; with a dread lest he should voice a final refusal. It was a long, an interminable moment. Then, from the chauffeur came the question: "What do you call a fortune?" And Peter Hemming's sigh was audible. His hand came from the drawer empty. "Twenty thousand dollars," he said, quickly. Again the red head turned from side to side. "Twenty-five thousand." "Too little." But the refusal lacked em- phasis. "Thirty thousand." In the chauffeur's eyes the light of cupid- ity began to burn. "Thirty thousand. In cashl" the old gentleman emphasized. He was straining forward. His breath was coming quick. "Make it forty; and-" "You'll say yes?" He gasped it. It was a tense whisper, scarcely audible. "I'll say yes." "Forty thousand." The drawer of the secretary closed with a snap. Of the loaded revolver it contained Peter Hemming now had no need. III A BRIEF pause ensued of eminent relief for both. Then the old man, rising, turned totteringly toward the safe. But before he reached it, the sharp jingle of approaching sleigh-bells checked him in apprehension, and he stood alertly listening, with lips parted. The younger man, hearing the sound, rose too; and when, after having waxed louder, it suddenly ceased and was succeeded by the door- bell's echoing clangor, he reached impul- sively for his coat and his face went a shade less florid. "Come now," he urged hoarsely. "I can't wait all day. It won't do for me to be seen here, you know." "It's probably only a tradesman," said Peter reassuringly. "I suppose the back door is closed by the snow-drifts." As he stooped to the safe he heard Abijah shuffling through the uncarpeted hall. His finger was on the secret spring when the creak of the opening house door held him for an- other second inert; held him, indeed, until loud and insistent voices reaching his ears startled him upright again in swift alarm. Briskly, with short hurrying steps he traversed the room, to meet insolent inva- sion on the threshold. For the two burly intruders in rain-soaked garments, ignoring