Can a Man be True? 679 matic intensity. Her flashing eyes looked down on Gisdel, large, lustrous and capti- vating in their soft radiance--their half- hidden fire. "Yes," she repeated, "it is as my cham- pion he is here, and I am proud of his pres- ence! I could repeat his generous deeds till daylight, but he would never forgive me-- and certainly never honor us again with his presence." A ripple of laughter broke the tension; the guests were glad that Caroline had turned to a lighter vein. "I should like," she added, "to make this feast an annual one--to meet here year after year, until my age-candles were too many to burn. But since the future is veiled, let us think only of the moment. Let us drink as if this draft were the very elixir of life. With warm hearts beating right loyally, we toast our most noble and beloved guest. King Gisdel, your admiring subjects wish you well. Long may you reign as monarch of this land! From the lips of all who taste to-night the wine from your royal cellars, I give this token of never-dying love and esteem." She bent and boldly kissed Gisdel on the forehead. The unexpected salute sent a rush of crimson to his beaming face, and simul- taneously his startled eyes caught sight of a tall figure wrapped in a long cloak, ap- pearing like a ghost at the far end of the room. The waiters and guests thought the new- comer must be a late arrival bidden to the feast, but Gisdel instantly recognized the shaded cloak with its costly trimmings. Well he knew the face that was hid beneath those disguising folds of heavily patterned lace! In a moment he paled, and drew back confused. The newcomer advanced slowly toward Caroline and the King. Then, as the frantic applause died down and the glasses once more were lowered, Horatia drew aside her veil and stood glar- ing at Mademoiselle de L'lsle with a look of fierce hatred and scorn. Caroline caught her breath, but years of training on the stage and her ever-ready wit came instantly to her aid. "The Queen!" she cried in a loud voice of triumph. "She has come to join us! Ladies and gentlemen--the health of the Queen!" CHAPTER XXXII "Like an ox to the slaughter" THE look on Queen Horatia's face as Mademoiselle de L'lsle spoke the dar- ing words so paralyzed the assembly that they feared to raise their glasses and drink the toast. A sudden hush fell, as if indeed some spectral form from another world had appeared to strike terror in the hearts of the guests. Throughout the length and breadth of the land the Queen was cordially hated. Among Caroline's friends at the gaily decked table were some of the fiercest rev- olutionary spirits in Lambasa. For the King they felt nothing but contemptuous pity, but toward the Queen they bore a long- nursed and bitter grudge. At her door they laid the grievances of overtaxation and unjust rule. Well they knew that Maldio's reforms had been hotly contested by his stepmother, and in certain circles a growing suspicion as to the cause of his death was secretly rumored. Those who realized Bistoff was on the side of Horatia's enemies concluded he had possibly discovered some foul play, and daily the feeling against the Queen grew more vindictive. Now this tyrannical woman, this proud partner of her late hus- band's throne, stood facing a female foe who had boldly appropriated the affections of the King. The curious eyes at the table, watching Caroline and the uninvited intruder, grew large with wonder, dread and painful antici- pation. The gay evening had changed sud- denly to one of tension and dread. Tragedy lurked in the air, though Caroline's bold lips still smiled a satirical welcome to the Queen-Mother, who had sought to banish her forever from Lambasa. The recent news had played havoc with Horatia's nerves. Her face was livid with fury; her eyes glowed red and bloodshot, like balls of fire. Her voice rose in the sud- den hush, trembling with passion, revealing the frantic agitation which disturbed her mind. "Gisdel," she said, ignoring Caroline and turning to her son, "I have come for you. You are required at the Palace on urgent business. Nothing but the gravest news would have brought me beneath the roof of that low and impudent creature!" She indicated the dancer with a move- 8