ADVENTURE for MARCH "A magazine published by the publishers of EVERYBODY'S MAGAZINE but frankly made for the readers' recreative hours." Phenomenal growth of circulation, countless letters of appreciation from readers who want to tell us how pleased they are, friendly comment from newspapers all over the country--these are the evidences that go to prove that we have hit the mark we aimed at in planning ADVENTURE. In the March ADVENTURE appears the first instalment of a new short serial story, Prester John, by John Buchan, which in its own field should repeat the hit made by "Yellow Men and Gold." Prester John is a tale of wild life, war, treasure and romance in Africa, with all the lure of "She." The complete novelette of the month is Cupid and the Crook, by Dr. John I. Cochrane, author of "The Crook and the Doctor," which made such a hit in ADVENTURE three months ago. Dr. Cochrane has found a new field for striking fiction in Blackwell's Island, and some of the characters of the earlier novel reappear. An author new to this magazine but possessing all the qualities to make him a favorite, appears in the story, God's Way in Keewatin, by Coningsby William Dawson. This story of wild life in the Hudson's Bay country recalls those earlier tales of Gilbert Parker, in which we heard a new note from the Northland. There could be no greater contrast to this than The Mad Menu, by Leon Rutledge Whipple, a delicious story of the adventures that befell a legislative investigating committee when it ventured into the precincts of a State agricultural college. In the chief detective story of the month, The Necklace and the Brooch, Wells S. Hastings has developed characters and situations that will hold the attention of every reader. The White Queen of Sandakan, by James E. Dwyer, is a farcical adventure in the East Indies, with thrills and laughs happily mingled. Old Jim, by Rufus F. Zogbaum, is a story of army life on the old frontier--a subject known to few as intimately as to this famous author and artist. Bill Bowsun's Bare Escape, by J. W. Muller, is the next successor in that delicious series of comedy-adventure at sea of which Hiram Bunker, Henery and Captain Moses are the other essential characters. The Informal Execution of Soupbone Pew, by Alfred Damon Runyon, is a masterly story of realism, with low life as its setting and with pictures and characters of grim impressiveness. The foregoing are typical examples of the fiction that will make up ADVENTURE for March, and to them for good measure are added, as usual, three really important adventure articles, where fact interrupts fiction and challenges it with equally startling climaxes. H. J. Moors, who lived for many years in Samoa as an intimate friend of Robert Louis Stevenson, has written for ADVENTURE an account of his experiences when as a youth he was wrecked on a lonesome island of the South Pacific. Captain George B. Boynton, master adventurer, continues the account of his life of excitement under the title, Looking for Trouble; and Hudson Maxim, master of high explosives, tells more Dynamite Stories out of his own experiences. If you ever begin to read ADVENTURE, you will not be able to quit.