598 Adventure "I dare say it is to you, General, but here I am, at your service." "I hope you are here as a friend?" "Whatever General Guzman desires must necessarily be accepted as an accomplished fact. Guzman turned to the Governor and asked him the occasion for the call. The Governor replied that they had brought General Pulgar as a prisoner of war. "Prisoner!" exclaimed Guzman with pro- found astonishment. "My friend General Pulgar a prisoner! If that is the purpose of your visit, you may retire." After the officers had departed Guzman turned to Pulgar with a more serious air. "You will be my guest in Caracas until such time as I need you elsewhere," he said. "I will be pleased to receive a call from you every day." Pulgar bowed; no other parole was nec- essary. That was Guzman's way of doing things and it was well understood, especially by men of intellect like Pulgar. No firmer hand than Guzman's ever ruled, but it was ordi- narily encased in a velvet glove. His bare hand, displayed only when extreme con- ditions demanded, was a sign of terror. As Pulgar was leaving, he stopped and congratulated me on my safe trip to Car- acas. I thanked him with the same polite- ness. Neither of us alluded to his seizure of my arms or to my enforced service with him. Pulgar and I subsequently became good friends. I congratulated Guzman on his diplomacy and his shrewd effort to turn a powerful enemy into a useful friend, though I doubted that he would succeed. "If I and my.good adviser, Captain Boyn- ton, can not pull the claws of General Pulgar, we will have to take the consequences," he said. From that I understood that I was to keep close watch on Pulgar and report daily, which I did. Everything that I saw and heard indi- cated that Guzman's diplomacy would fail. Pulgar told his friends openly that while Guzman seemed very friendly he was not deceived and would kill him at the first opportunity. "Well, he'll have plenty of opportunity!" said Guzman with a laugh when I reported this to him. There was a reception at the Yellow House a few nights later. Pulgar was in- vited and was present. Guzman soon found an opportunity to engage him in conver- sation. "I have already found that being President of Venezuela has its objectionable features," sighed Guzman after they had chatted for a few minutes. "One has to listen to so many ridiculous tales. For instance, I have heard many foolish stories about you, one of them being an alleged threat to kill me the first time you have a chance." "I don't know about the others, but I did say that," replied Pulgar. Guzman shrugged his shoulders, as though wearied. "How often," he re- sponded, "we say we are going to do things which we may think we will do, but which we never do do!" "Whenever I get an opportunity that a gentleman can take advantage of I intend to kill you, General Guzman," said Pulgar, still smiling. "Let that be the understanding, then," answered Guzman as he walked away with- out displaying the slightest concern. The very next day Guzman sent Pulgar an invitation to come to the palace at three o'clock and go driving with him. Contrary to his custom he ordered that no guards accompany them. They had not gone a quarter of a mile when one of the front wheels came off and both of them were thrown out in a heap. As they disentangled themselves Pulgar drew a revolver, but it was not well out of his pocket before Guz- man had him covered with his pistol. "Ah, you were prepared for me I see, General," said Pulgar. "I am always prepared for friends and enemies alike," replied Guzman. They put up their weapons and walked back to the palace. "I am sorry our ride was so short," said Guzman. "It was long enough," was Pulgar's reply, "to convert an enemy into a friend." "In that case it has been truly delightful," responded Guzman. They shook hands, and that was the end of the Pulgar revolution. IN THE CARIBBEAN A BETRAYAL AND A VENGEANCE I HAD been with Guzman Blanco for about a year after he proclaimed him- self Dictator of Venezuela, February 14, 1871, when I began to grow restless again.