A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 197 What Went Before PROFESSOR Harwigg, chemist, philosopher, mineralogist, etc., while delighting in a rare, old edition by a famous Icelandic author, un- expectedly comes upon a mysterious parchment, ap- parently containing a secret message. Both the pro- fessor and Harry--his nephew and pupil, who also lives with him--set to work and finally stumble on the key to the secret code and read the following message: "Descend into the crater of Yokul of Sneffels, which the shade of Scdrtaris covers be- fore the kalends of July, audacious traveler, and you will reach the center of the earth. I did it.--Arne Saknussem." The professor decides that they will make the trip and also reach the center of the earth. Three days later, they--Harry much against his will and better judgment--start for Iceland and Mount Sneffels, with the good wishes of Gretchem, the professor's ward, and Harry's fiance. When they get to Iceland, they are fortunate enough to obtain the services of Hans, a true Ice- landic guide--calm, stolid and dependable. After numerous adventures and interesting encounters and difficult climbing, they reach the top of Mt. Sneffels and then descend into its crater--and, thus following correctly, the directions of the message. So far the party is elated with the wonders of their surroundings as they descend deeper and deeper in- to the boivels of the earth, lowering themselves into the deeper wells by means of sturdy ropes doubled over the rocks above. At least once so far, they were reassured of the truth of the mysterious message, when they noticed a rock, below the crater, bearing the inscription "Arne Saknussem." A Trip to the Center of the Earth By JULES VERNE PART II CHAPTER XVI The Eastern Tunnel THE next day was Tuesday, the 2d of July --and at six o'clock in the morning we resumed our journey. We still con- tinued to follow the gallery of lava, a perfect natui*al pathway, as easy of descent as some of those inclined planes which, in very old German houses, serve the purpose of stair- cases. This went on until seventeen minutes past twelve, the precise instant at which we rejoined Hans, who having been somewhat in advance, had suddenly stopped. "At last," cried my uncle, "we have reached the end of the shaft." I looked wonderingly about me. We were in the center of four cross paths -- somber and narrow tunnels. The question now arose as to which it was wise to take; and this of itself was no small diffi- culty. My uncle, who did not wish to appear to have any hesitation about the matter before either me or the guide, at once made up his mind. He pointed quietly to the eastern tunnel; and, without delay, we entered within its gloomy recesses. Besides, had he entertained any feeling of hesita- tion it might have been prolonged indefinitely, for there was no indication by which to determine on a choice. It was absolutely necessary to trust to chance and good fortune! The descent of this obscure and narrow gallery was very gradual and winding. Sometimes we gazed through a succession of arches its course very like IN the first installment we got our travelers well started on their way to the internal cavities of the globe. They have reached Iceland, have climbed Mount Sneffels, and with a stolid Icelander for a guide--or rather com- panion--have penetrated down through the crater of the volcano, and have started their adventurous and exciting trip. But now wonders really begin to happen--strange forms of prehistoric life are encountered, ami dangers are met with. But our travelers gel through all their troubles in the end and come back to tell us all about it. Jules Verne's astonishing scientific knowledge, combined with his talents as a narrator, gives the novel great value from a scientific, as well as from a literary standpoint. Few authors could write so vivid a description of adven- ture. Fewer yet, could fill it with such correct science. Follow our travelers through these exciting chapters. the aisles of a Gothic cathedral. The great artistic sculptors and builders of the middle ages might have here completed their studies with advantage. Many most beautiful and suggestive ideas of archi- tectural beauty would have been discovered by them. After passing through this phase of the cavernous way, we suddenly came, about a mile farther on, upon a square system of arch, such as that adopted by the early Romans, projecting from the solid rock, and keeping up the weight of the roof. Suddenly we came upon a series of low subterranean tunnels which looked like beaver holes, or the work of foxes. Through these nar- row and winding ways we had literally to crawl! The heat still remained at quite a supportable degree. With an involun- tary shudder, I reflected oil what the heat must have been when the vol- cano of Sneffels was pour- ing its smoke, flames, and streams of melted lava-- all of which must have come up by the road we were now following. I could imagine the torrents of hot, seething stone darting on, bubbling up with accompaniments of smoke, steam, and sulphurous stench! "Only to think of the consequences," I mused, "if the old volcano were once more to get to work." I did not communicate these rather unpleasant reflections to my uncle. His only idea was to go ahead. He walked, he slid, he clambered over piles of fragments, he rolled down heaps of broken lava, with an earnestness and conviction it was impossi- ble not to admire. 