334 AMAZING STORIES CHAPTER VII The Age of Artemisium IMPORTANT business called me East soon after the meeting with Hall described in the forego- ing chapter, and before I again saw the Grand Teton very stirring events had taken place. As the reader is aware, Dr. Syx's agreement with the various governments limited the output of his mine. An international commission, contin- ually in session in New York, adjusted the differ- ences arising among the nations concerning finan- cial affairs, and allotted to each the proper amount of artemisium for coinage. Of course, this amount varied from time to time, but a fair average could easily be maintained. The gradual increase of wealth, in houses, machinery, manufactured and artistic products called for a corresponding in- crease in the circulating medium; but this, too, was easily provided for. An equally painstaking super- vision was exerciscd over the amount of the prec- ious metal which Dr. Syx was permitted to supply to the markets for use in the arts. On this side, also, the demand gradually increased; but the wonderful Teton mine seemed equal to all calls upon its resources. After the failure of the mining operations there was a moderate revival of the efforts to reduce the Teton ore, but no success cheered the experiment- ers. Prospectors also wandered all over the earth looking for pure artemisium, but in vain. The gen- eral public, knowing nothing of what Hall had dis- covered, and still believing Syx's story that he also had found pure artemisium in his mine, accounted for the failure of the tunnelling operations on the supposition that the metal, in a free state, was ex- cessively rare, and that Dr. Syx had had the luck to strike the only vein of it that the Grand Teton contained. As if to give countenance to this opin- ion, Dr. Syx now announced, in the most public manner, that he had been deceived again, and that the vein of free metal he had struck being eshausted, no other had appeared. Accordingly, he said, he must henceforth rely exclusively, as in the begin- ning, upon reduction of the ore. Artemisium had proved itself an immense boon to mankind, and the new era of commercial pros- perity which it had ushered in already exceeded everything that the world had known in the past. School-children learned that human civilization had taken five great strides, known respectively, begin- ning at the bottom, as the "age of stone," the "age of bronze," the "age of iron," the "age of gold," and the "age of artemisium." The Mobs Object to the Restriction of the World's Currencies NEVERTHELESS, sources of dissatisfaction finally began to appear, and, after the na- ture of such things, they developed with marvellous rapidity. People began to grumble about "contraction of the currency." In every coun- try there arose a party which demanded "free money." Demagogues pointed to the brief reign of paper money after the demonetization of gold as a happy period, when the people had enjoyed their rights, and the "money barons"---borrowing a term from nineteenth-century history--were kept at bay. Then came denunciations of the international commission for restricting the coinage. Dr. Syx was described as "a devil-fish sucking the veins of the planet and holding it helpless in the grasp of his tentacular billions." In the United States meet- ings of agitators passed furious resolutions, de- nouncing the government, assailing the rich, curs- ing Dr. Syx, and calling upon "the oppressed" to rise and "take their own." The final outcome was, of course, violence. Mobs had to be suppressed by military force. But the most dramatic scene in the tragedy occurred at the Grand Teton. Excited by inflammatory speeches and printed documents, sev- eral thousand armed men assembled in the neighbor- hood of Jenny's Lake and prepared to attack the Syx mine. For some reason the military guard had been depleted, and the mob, under the leadership of a man named Bings, who showed no little talent as a commander and strategist, surprised the small force of soldiers and locked them up in their own guard-house. Telegraphic communication having been cut off by the astute Bings, a fierce attack was made on the mine. The assailants swarmed up the sides of the canyon, and attempted to break in through the foundation of the buildings. But the masonry was stronger than they had anticipated, and the attack failed. Sharp-shooters then climbed the neighbor- ing heights, and kept up an incessant peppering of the walls with conical bullets driven at four thous- and feet per second. No reply come from the gloomy structure. The huge column of black smoke rose uninterruptedly into the sky, and the noise of the great engine never ceased for an instant. The mob gathered closer on all sides and redoubled the fire of the rifles, to which was now added the belching of several ma- chine-guns. Ragged holes began to appear in the walls, and at the sight of these the assailants yelled with delight. It was evident that the mill could not long withstand so destructive a bombardment. If the besiegers had possessed artillery they would have knocked the buildings into splinters within twenty minutes. As it was, they would need a whole day to win their victory. A Riot and An Attack On the Mill of Dr. Syx SUDDENLY it became evident that the be- sieged were about to take a hand in the fight. Thus far they had not shown themselves or fired a shot, but now a movement was perceived on the roof, and the projecting arms of some kind of machinery became visible. Many marksmen con- centrated their fire upon the mysterious objects, but apparently with little effect. Bings, mounted on a rock, so as to command a clear view of the field, was on the point of ordering a party to rush forward with axes and beat down the formidable doors, when there came a blinding flash from the roof, something swished through the air, and a gust of heat met the assailants in the face. Bings dropped dead from his perch, and then, as if the scythe of the Destroyer had swung downward, and to the right and left in quick succession, the close- packed mob was levelled, rank after rank, until the few survivors crept behind rocks for refuge. Instantly the atmospheric broom swept up and down the canyon and across the mountain's flanks,