OFF ON A COMET 9 he paced the room with all the frenzy of poetic in- spiration, read out: "Empty words cannot convey All a lover's heart would say." "Well, to be sure, he is at his everlasting verses again!" said Ben Zoof to himself, as he roused him- self in his corner. "Impossible to sleep in such a noise;" and he gave vent to a loud groan. "How now, Ben Zoof?" said the captain sharply. "What ails you?" "Nothing, sir, only the nightmare." "Curse the fellow, he has quite interrupted me!" ejaculated the captain. "Ben Zoof!" he called aloud. "Here, sir!" was the prompt reply; and in an instant the orderly was upon his feet, standing in a military attitude, one hand to his forehead, the other closely pressed to his trouser-seam. "Stay where you are! don't move an inch!" shouted Servadac; "I have just thought of the end of my rondo." And in a voice of inspiration, accompanying his words with dramatic gestures, Servadac began to declaim: "Listen, lady, to my vows-- 0, consent to be my spouse; Constant ever I will be, Constant . . . ." No closing lines were uttered. All at once, with unutterable violence, the captain and his orderly were dashed, face downwards, to the ground. CHAPTER IV A CONVULSION OF NATURE Whence came it that at that very moment the horizon underwent so strange and sudden a modi- fication, that the eye of the most praticed mariner could not distinguish between sea and sky? Whence came it that the billows raged and rose to a height hitherto unregistered in the records of science? Whence came it that the elements united in one deafening crash; that the earth groaned as though the whole framework of the globe were ruptured; that the waters roared from their innermost depths; that the air shrieked with all the fury of a cyclone? Whence came it that a radiance, intenser than the effulgence of the Northern Lights, overspread the firmament, and momentarily dimmed the splen- dor of the brightest stars? Whence came it that the Mediterranean, one in- stant emptied of its waters, was the next flooded with a foaming surge? Whence came it that in the space of a few sec- onds the moon's disc reached a magnitude as though it were but a tenth part of its ordinary distance from the earth? Whence came it that a new blazing spheroid, hitherto unknown to astronomy, now appeared sud- denly in the firmament, though it were but to lose itself immediately behind masses of accumulated cloud? What phenomenon was this that had produced a cataclysm so tremendous in effect upon earth, sky, and sea? Was it possible that a single human being could have survived the convulsion? and if so, could he explain its mystery? CHAPTER V A MYSTERIOUS SEA Violent as the commotion had been, that por- tion of the Algerian coast which is bounded on the north by the Mediterranean, and on the west by the right bank of the Shelif, appeared to have suf- fered little change. It is true that indentations were perceptible in the fertile plain, and the sur- face of the sea was ruffled with an agitation that was quite unusual; but the rugged outline of the cliff was the same as heretofore, and the aspect of the entire scene appeared unaltered. The stone hostelry, with the exception of some deep clefts in its walls, had sustained little injury; but the gourbi, like a house of cards destroyed by an infant's breath, had completely subsided, and its two in- mates lay motionless, buried under the sunken thatch. It was two hours after the catastrophe that Cap- tain Servadac regained consciousness; he had some trouble to collect his thoughts, and the first sounds that escaped his lips were the concluding words of the rondo which had been so ruthlessly interrupted; "Constant ever I will be, Constant . . . ." His next thought was to wonder what had hap- pened; and in order to find an answer, he pushed aside the broken thatch, so that his head appeared above the debris. "The gourbi leveled to the ground!" he exclaimed, "surely a waterspout has passed along the coast." He felt all over his body to perceive what injuries he had sustained, but not a sprain nor a scratch could he discover. "Where are you, Ben Zoof?" he shouted. "Here, sir!" and with military promptitude a second head protruded from the rubbish. "Have you any notion what has happened, Ben Zoof?" "I've a notion, captain, that it's all up with us." "Nonsense, Ben Zoof; it is nothing but a water- spout!" "Very good, sir;" was the philosophical reply, immediately followed by the query, "Any bones broken, sir?" "None whatever," said the captain. Both men were soon on their feet, and began to make a vigorous clearance of the ruins, beneath which they found that their arms, cooking utensils, and other property, had sustained little injury. "By-the-by, what o'clock is it?" asked the cap- tain. "It must be eight o'clock, at least," said Ben Zoof, looking at the sun, which was a considerable height above the horizon. "It is almost time for us to start." "To start! what for?" "To keep your appointment with Count Tima- scheff." "By Jove! I had forgotten all about it!" ex- claimed Servadac. Then looking at his watch, he cried, "What are you thinking of, Ben Zoof? It is scarcely two o'clock. "Two in the morning, or two in the afternoon?" asked Ben Zoof, again regarding the sun. Servadac raised his watch to his ear. "It is going," said he; "but, by all the wines of Medoc, 