70 AMAZING STORIES men and the girl flung every ounce of their energy into the paddles. Their panting breath mingled with the sound of swirling eddies. A mist-blurred sun brooded over the northern wilds. Unheeded, hosts of black-flies sang high-pitched keenings all about the fugitives. On either hand the forest waited, watched. Only after two hours of sweating toil had brought exhaustion did they stop, in the shelter of a cove where black waters circled, foam-flecked. There they found the Professor's wife--she was dead. Nothing remained to do but bury her. At first Thorburn would not hear of it. Like a madman he insisted that through all hazards he would fetch the body out. But no--impossible. So, after a ter- rible time, he yielded. In spite of her grief, Vivian was admirable. She undei'stood what must be done. It was her voice that said the prayers; her hand that--lacking flowers--laid the fir boughs on the cairn. The Pro- fessor was dazed past doing anything, saying any- thing. Toward mid-afternoon, the party landed again, many miles up-river. Necessity fox-ced them to eat. Fire would not burn. Every time they lighted it, it smouldered and went out with a heavy, greasy smoke. The fugitives ate cold food and drank water, then shoved off in two canoes and once more fled. In the third canoe, hauled to the edge of the forest, lay all the rock-specimens, data and curios, scientific instrumexxts. The party kept only Marr's diax'y, a compass, supplies, fire-arms and medicine- kit. "We can find the things we've left--sometime," said Jandron, noting the place well. "Sometime-- after It has gone." "And bring the body out," added Thox-bux*n. Tears, for the first time, wet his eyes. Vivian said nothing. Marr tried to light his pipe. He seemed to forget that nothing, not even tobacco, would burn now. Vivian and Jandron occupied one canoe. The other carried the Professor and Marr. Thus the power of the two canoes was about the same. They kept well together, up-stream. The fugitives paddled and portaged with a dumb, desperate energy* Toward evening they struck into what they believed to be the Mamattawan. A mile up this, as the blurred sun faded beyond a wilder- ness of ominous silence, they camped. Here they made determined efforts to kindle fix-e. Not even alcohol from the drug-kit would start it. Cold, they mumbled a little food; cold, they huddled into their sleeping-bags, there to lie with darkness leaden on their fear. After a long time, up over a world void of all sound save the river-flow, slid an amber moon notched by the ragged tops of the conifers. Even the wail of a timber-wolf would have come as wel- come relief; but no wolf howled. Silence and night enfolded them. And evexy- whex-e they felt that It was watching. Foolishly enough, as a man will do foolish things in a crisis, Jandron laid his revolver outside his sleeping-bag, in easy reach. His thought--blurred by a strange, drawing headache--was: "If It touches Vivian, I'll shoot!" He realized the complete absurdity of trying to shoot a visitant from interstellar space; from the Fourth Dimension, maybe. But Jandron's ideas seemed tangled. Nothing would come right. He lay there, absorbed in a kind of waking night- mare. Now and then, rising on an elbow, he hearkened; all in vain. Nothing so much as stix-red. His thought drifted to better days, when all had been health, sanity, optimism; when nothing except jealousy of Marr, as concerned Vivian, had troubled him. Days when the sizzle of the frying-pan over friendly coals had made friendly wilderness music; when the wind and the northern star, the whirr of the reel, the whispering vortex of the paddle in clear water had all been things of joy. Yes, and when a certain happy moment had, through some word or look of the girl, seemed to piromise his heart's desire. But now-- "Damn it, I'll save her, anyhow!" he swore with savage intensity, knowing all the while that what was to be, would be, unmitigably. Do ants, by any waving of antennae, stay the down-crushing foot of man? Next morning, and the next, no sign of the Thing appeared. Hope revived that possibly It might have flitted away elsewhere; back, perhaps, to outer space. Many were the miles the urging paddles spurned behind. The fugitives calculated that a week more would bring them to the railroad. Fire burned again. Hot food and drink helped, wonder- fully. But where were the fish ? "Most extraordinary," all at once said the Pro- fessor, at noonday camp. He had become quite rational again. "Do you realize, Jandron, we've seen no traces of life in some time?" The geologist nodded. Only too clearly he had noted just that, but he had been keeping still about it. "That's so, too!" chimed in Marr, enjoying the smoke that some incomprehensible turn of events was letting him have. "Not a muskrat or beaver. Not even a squirrel or bird." "Not so much as a gnat or black-fly!" the Pro- fessor added. Jandron suddenly realized that he would have welcomed even those. That afternoon, Marr fell into a suddenly vile temper. He mumbled curses against the guides, the current, the portages, everything. The Pro- fessor seemed more cheerful. Vivian complained of an oppressive headache. Jandron gave her the last of the aspirin tablets; and as he gave them, took her hand in his. "I'll see you through, anyhow," said he. "I don't count, now. Nobody counts, only you!" She gave him a long, silent look. He saw the sudden glint of tears in her eyes; telt the pressure of her hand, and knew they two had never been so near each other as in that moment under the shadow of the Unknown. Next day--or it may have been two days later, for none of them could be quite sure about the passage of time--they came to a deserted lumber- camp. Even more than two days might have passed; because now their bacon was all gone, and only coffee, tobacco, beef-cubes and pilot-bread re- mained. The lack of fish and game ixad cut alarm- ingly into the duflle-bag. That day--whatever day it may have been--all four of them suffered terribly from headache of an odd, ring-shaped kind, as if something circular were being pressed down about their heads. The Professor said it was the sun that 