THE FELINE LIGHT &amp; POWER CO. 321 had thrown its sable shade over Whiffleville and left the world in darkness to Mr. Fosdick and his cats, &lt;is Mr. Thomas Gray would doubtlessly have written, had he thought about it when composing his famous elegy--at any rate it was after dark when Mr. Fosdick stole out of the tinshop and one by one dropped his units through the trapdoor of the power house roof. Twenty trips he made and twenty units were installed. Then he listened intently---there was not a sound. With a heart sickened with the appre- hension of failure, Mr. Fosdick made one more journey back to the tinshop and reappeared this time with John L.,--the "exciter," as he afterwards called him. Hardly had he dropped the hero of a thousand back-fence encounters into the dark and silent hole than things began to happen. Such a beldam of yowling and caterwauling Whiffleville had never heard--the plant was in operation. The next morning when President Fosdick and the other officers and directors of "The Feline Light and Power Company" elbowed their way through the crowd of curious citizens that had gathered about the power house it was evident from the noise that came from the units inside that the charging pro- cess was still in progress. With some trepidation they mounted the ladder and looked down into the generating room. A strange and wonderful sight met their gaze. Twenty-one cats, each of them the size of a beer keg, were fighting each other in a grand battle royal. Their hair stood straight out and sparks played over their dully luminous bodies incessantly. The crackling noise of electrical dis- charges was continuous and the peculiar odor of ozone filled the air. The directors were awed. "Men, we're worth millions and millions!" ejacu- lated Mr. Fosdick, gazing down rapturously at the expanded units. Mr. Fosdick and His Friends Acquire a Dangerous Electric Charge QUICKLY handing Vice-President Stetzle the voltmeter he had brought with him, Mr. Fosdick slipped down into the room. Pick- ing up a unit he handed it up through the door for more thorough examination. But the unit did not propose being examined. With a yowl of rage it sank its teeth into the vice-president's arm and then with a loud and furious hiss leaped to the ground. Upon just what happened then none could ever agree. Stetzle afterwards described the explosion as being like that of the sudden eruption of a vol- cano, other spectators when brought to their senses were sure there had been an earthquake. But Mr. Fosdick with his calm, unemotional mind of a born investigator believed neither of these theories. He saw the cat as it touched the ground--saw the sud- den flare of blue fire--heard the tremendous report --saw the unit disappear in a dense cloud of white smoke, and afterwards identified all that was left of it--small patch of fur about the size of a dime-- probably an ear. Hardly had the breeze wafted the dust and smoke aside when Mr. Fosdick became aware of a strange and startling phenomenon--his hair and whiskers stood out from his head and face like the quills of a porcupine. Mr. Stetzle was similarly affected. "Don't touch the ground, Eben!" shouted Mr. Fosdick warningly. "If you do you will blow up like the cat did. We're charged with millions of volts!" It was a terrible situation and the two men looked anxiously about for assistance, but the frightened spectators had fled to that haven of safety and gos- sip--the postoffice. What Is to Be Done With the Charged Subject? EXCITEMENT was at fever heat in the town. All sorts of rumors filled the air, and the telegraph was sending them to the remotest corners of the earth. Before noon extras were upon the streets of a score of cities telling in columns and columns of the terrible catastrophe and giving il- lustrations of it "Drawn by our special artist upon the ground." All day long the fwo terrorized men cowered in the generating room. Outside at a safe distance a great crowd gathered. No one dared go near and it was generally believed that the unfortunate Fos- dick and Stetzle must eventually starve to death. During the afternoon correspondents from the great city dailies poured in on every train and camera men clicked their instruments about "the death shed" in shoals. Towards evening it became known that the casualities were "one cat dead and two men electrified." About supper time Prof. Snooks arrived, and it was owing to his suggestions to have food passed to them at the end of long glass poles that the men were saved from starvation. In the generating room life was well nigh insuf- ferable. The constant electrical discharges were irritating in the extreme and both men and units were in a vicious humor. It must be said, however, that President Fosdick made some attempt to bear the strain with the fortitude of a martyr to science; but the unhappy Stetzle displayed no such courage --he had a wife and family, he said, and he wanted to get out. Mr. Fosdick counseled the vicerpresi- dent to have his family brought in, but to this sug- gestion Stetzle only replied with curses. In calmer moments Stetzle said that with two men and twenty cats in the bin there could be no room for Mrs. Stet- zle and nine children. The Frightened People Leave the Town THE next afternoon Prof. Snooks from a safe distance shouted to them that they might, per- haps, regain their liberty by wearing rubber boots; but that they should try the idea on a cat first. In this suggestion Mr. Fosdick saw a ray of hope, and Mr. Stetzle was so cheered that he of- fered to dispose of his stock in the company of Mr. Fosdick for a mere song. The offer was refused. Mr. Fosdick said that he was not interested partic- ularly in financial matters at that time. He wrote a note to Josh Little, the harnessmaker, ordering a pair of rubber boots made, cat-size. Then the in- ventor by eloquent gestures attracted the attention of the crowd and threw the note towards it at which there was a great scattering. A moment later he sank back in despair, for just as the epistle touched the ground there was a slight explosion, a vivid red flash, and it burned up before his very eyes. Well might he shudder, for now he realized the tre- (Continued on page 383)