OFF ON A COMET 35 to realize how it might extend to France; and when now he was obliged with his own eye to witness the waves of ocean rolling over what once had been the lovely shores of Provence, he was well-nigh frantic with desperation. "Am I to believe that Gourbi Island, that little shred of Algeria, constitutes all that is left of our glorious France? No, no! it cannot be. Not yet have we reached the pole of our new world. There is--there must be--something more behind that frowning rock. Oh, that for a moment we could scale its towering height and look beyond! By Heaven, I adjure you, let us disembark, and mount the summit and explore! France lies beyond." Disembarkation, however, was an utter impossi- bility. There was no semblance of a creek in which the Dobryna could find an anchorage. There was no outlying ridge on which a footing could be gained. The precipice was perpendicular as a wall, its topmost height crowned with the same con- glomerate of crystallized lamellaj that had all along been so pronounced a feature. With her steam at high presure, the yacht made rapid progress towards the east. The weather re- mained perfectly fine, the temperature became grad- ually cooler, so that there was little prospect of vapors accumulating in the atmosphere: and nothing more than a few cirri, almost transparent veiled here and there the clear azure of the sky. Through- out the day the pale rays of the sun, apparently lessened in its magnitude, cast only faint and some- what uncertain shadows; but at night the stars shone with surpassing brilliancy. Of the planets, some, it was observed, seemed to be fading away in remote distance. This was the case with Mars, Venus, and that unknown orb which was moving in the orbit of the minor planets; but Jupiter, on the other hand, had assumed splendid proportions; Saturn was superb in its luster, and Uranus, which hitherto had been imperceptible without a telescope was pointed out by Lieutenant Procope, plainly visible to the naked eye. The inference was irre- sistible that Gallia was receding from the sun, and traveling far away across the planetary regions. On the 24th of February, after following the sinuous course of what before the date of the con- vulsion had been the coast line of the department of Var, and after a fruitless search for Hydres, the peninsula of St. Tropez, the L6rius Islands, and the gulfs of Cannes and Jouar, the Dobryna arrived upon the site of the Cape of Antibes. Here, quite unexpectedly, the explorers made the discovery that the massive wall of cliff had been rent from the top to the bottom by a narrow rift, like the dry bed of a mountain torrent, and at the base of the opening, level with the sea, was a little strand upon which there was just space enough for their boat to be hauled up. "Joy! joy!" shouted Servadac, half beside him- self with ecstasy; "we can land at last!" Count Timascheff and the lieutenant were scarce- ly less impatient than the captain, and little needed his urgent and repeated solicitations: "Come on! Quick! Come on! no time to lose!" It was half-past seven in the morning, when they set their foot upon this untried land. The bit of strand was only a few square yards in area, quite a narrow strip. Upon it might have been recog- nized some fragments of that agglutination of yel- low limestone which is characteristic of the coast of Provence. But the whole party was far too eager to wait and examine these remnants of the ancient shore; they hurried on to scale the heights. The narrow ravine was not only perfectly dry, but manifestly had never been the bed of any moun- tain torrent. The rocks that rested at the bottom --just as those which formed its sides--were of the same lamellous formation as the entire coast, and had not hitherto been subject to the disaggre- gation which the lapse of time never fails to work. A skilled geologist would probably have been able to assign them their proper scientific classification, but neither Servadac, Timascheff, nor the lieutenant could pretend to any acquaintance with their specific character. Although, however, the bottom of the chasm had never as yet been the channel of a stream, indica- tions were not wanting that at some future time it would be the natural outlet of accumulated waters; for already, in many places, thin layers of snow were glittering upon the surface of the frac- tured rocks, and the higher the elevation that was gained, the more these layers were found to in- crease in area and in depth. "Here is a trace of fresh water, the first that Gallia has exhibited," said the count to his com- panions, as they toiled up the precipitous path. "And probably," replied the lieutenant, "as we ascend we shall find not only snow but ice. We must suppose this Gallia of ours to be a sphere, and if it is so, we must now be very close to her Arctic regions; it is true that her axis is not so much inclined as to prolong day and night as at the poles of the earth, but the rays of the sun must reach us here only very obliquely, and the cold, in all likeli- hood, will be intense." "So cold, do you think," asked Servadac, "that animal life must be extinct?" "I do not say that, captain," answered the lieu- tenant; "for, however far our little world may be removed from the sun, I do not see why its tem- perature should fall below what prevails in those outlying regions beyond our system where sky and air are not." "And what temperature may that be?" inquired the captain with a shudder. "Fourier estimates that even in those vast un- fathomable tracts the temperature never descends lower than 60° below zero," said Procope. "Sixty! Sixty degrees below zero!" cried the count. "Why, there's not a Russian could endure it!" "I beg your pardon, count. It is placed on rec- ord that the English have survived it, or something quite approximate, upon their Arctic expeditions. When Captain Parry was on Melville Island, he knew the thermometer to fall to --56°," said Procope. As the explorers advanced, they seemed glad to pause from time to time, that they might recover their breath; for the air, becoming more and more rarefied, made respiration somewhat difficult and the ascent fatiguing. Before they had reached an altitude of 600 feet they noticed a sensible diminu- tion of the temperature; but neither cold nor fatigue deterred them, and they were resolved to persevere. Fortunately, the deep stria or furrows in the surface of the rocks that made the bottom 