THE RUNAWAY SKYSCRAPER 253 "Miss Woodward!" Arthur ordered suddenly, "look at the ground!" Estelle glanced down. The next time the sun flashed into view she gasped. The ground was white with snow! "What has happened?" she demanded, terrified. "Oh, what has happened?" Arthur fumbled at his chin awkwardly, watching the astonishing panorama outside. There was hardly any distinguishing between the times the sun was up and the times it was below now, as the darkness and light followed each other so swiftly the effect was the same as one of the old flickering motion-pictures. As Arthur watched, this effect became more pro- nounced. The tall Fifth Avenue Building across the way began to disintegrate. In a moment, it seemed, there was only a skeleton there. Then that vanished, story by story. A great cavity in the earth appeared, and then another building be- came visible, a smaller, brown-stone, unimpressive structure. With bulging eyes Arthur stared across the city. Except for the flickering, he could see almost clearly now. He no longer saw the sun rise and set. There was merely a streak of unpleasantly brilliant light across the sky. Bit by bit, building by building, the city began to disintegrate and become replaced by smaller, dingier buildings. In a little while those began to disappear and leave gaps where they vanished. Arthur strained his eyes and looked far down- town. He saw a forest of masts and spars along the waterfront for a moment and when he turned his eyes again to the scenery near him it was almost barren of houses, and what few showed were mean, small residences, apparently set in the midst of farms and plantations. Estelle was sobbing. "Oh, Mr. Chamberlain," she cried. "What is the matter? What has happened?" Arthur had lost his fear of' what their fate would be in his absorbing interest in what he saw. He was staring out of the window, wide-eyed, lost in the sight before him. At Estelle's cry, however, he reluctantly left the window and patted her shoulder awkwardly. "I don't know how to explain it," he said un- comfortably, "but it's obvious that my first surmise was all wrong. The speed of the earth's rotation can't have been increased, because if it had to the extent we see, we'd have been thrown off into space long ago. But--have you read anything about the Fourth Dimension?" Estelle shook her head hopelessly. "Well, then, have you ever read anything by Wells? The 'Time Machine,' for instance?" Again she shook her head. "I don't know how I'm going to say it so you'll understand, but time is just as much a dimension as length and breadth. From what I can judge, I'd say there has been an earthquake, and the ground has settled a little with our building on it, only instead of settling down toward the center of the earth, or sidewise, it's settled in this fourth dimension." "But what does that mean?" asked Estelle un- comprehendingly. "If the earth had settled down, we'd have been lower. If it had settled to one side we'd have been moved one way or another, but as it's settled back in the Fourth Dimension, we're going back in time." "Then--" "We're in a runaway skyscraper, bound for some time back before the discovery of America!" The Seasons Are Reversed in Order IT was very still in the office. Except for the flickering outside everything seemed very much as usual. The electric light burned steadily, but Estelle was sobbing with fright and Arthur was trying vainly to console her. "Have I gone crazy?" she demanded between her sobs. "Not unless I've gone mad, too," said Arthur soothingly. The excitement had quite a soothing effect upon him. He had ceased to feel afraid, but was simply waiting to see what had happened. "We're way back before the founding of New York now, and still going strong." "Are you sure that's what has happened?" "If you'll look outside," he suggested, "you'll see the seasons following each other in reverse order. One moment the snow covers all the ground, then you catch a glimpse of autumn foliage, then sum- mer follows, and next spring." Estelle glanced out of the window and covered her eyes. "Not a house," she said despairingly. "Not a building. Nothing, nothing, nothing!" Arthur slipped his arm about her and patted hers comfortingly. "It's all right," he reassured her. "We'll bring up presently, and there we'll be. There's nothing to be afraid of." She rested her head on his shoulder and sobbed hopelessly for a little while longer, but presently quieted. Then, suddenly, realizing that Arthur's arm was about her and that she was crying on his shoulder, she sprang away, blushing crimson. Arthur walked to the window.. "Look there!" he exclaimed, but it was too late. "I'll swear to it I saw the Half-Moon, Hudson's ship," he declared excitedly. "We're way back now, and don't seem to be slackening up, either. Estelle came to the window by his side. The rap- idly changing scene before her made her gasp. It was no longer possible to distinguish night from day. A wavering streak, moving first to the right and then to the left, showed where the sun flashed across the sky. "What makes the sun wabble so ?" she asked. "Moving north and south of the equator," Arthur explained casually. "When it's farthest south--to the left--there's always snow on the ground. When it's farthest right it's summer. See how green it is?" A few moments' observation corroborated his statement. "I'd say," Arthur remarked reflectively, "that it takes about fifteen seconds for the sun to make the round trip from farthest north to farthest south." He felt his pulse. "Do you know the normal rate of the heart-beat? We can judge time that way, A clock will go all to pieces, of course." 