THE NEW ACCELERATOR 59 his technical points to enter very keenly into my aspect of the question. It was the 7th or 8th of August when he told me the distillation that would decide his failure or success for a time was going forward as we talked, and it was on the 10th that he told me the thing was done and the New Accelerator a tangible reality in the world. I met him as I was going up the Sand- gate Hill toward Folkestone--I think I was going to get my hair cut, and he came hurrying down to meet me--I suppose he was coming to ray house to tell me at once of his success. I remember that his eyes were unusually bright and his face flushed, and I noted the swift alacrity of his step. "It's done," he cried, and gripped my hand, speaking very fast; "it's more than done. Come up to my house and see." "Really?" "Really!" he shouted. "Incredibly! Come up and see." "And it does--twice?" "It does more, much more. It scares me. Come up and see the stuff. Taste it! Try it! It's the most amazing stuff on earth." He gripped my arm and, walking at such a pace that he forced me into a trot, went shouting with me up the hill. A whole power-bus of people turned and stared at us in unison after the manner of people in power-buses. It was one of those hot, clear days that Folkestone sees so much of, every color incredibly bright and every outline hard. There was a breeze, of course, but not so much breeze as sufficed under these con- ditions to keep me cool and dry. I panted for mercy. "I'm not walking fast, am I?" cried Gibberne, and slackened his pace to a quick march. "You've been taking some of this stuff," I puffed. "No," he said. *At the utmost a drop of water that stood in a beaker from which I had washed out the last traces of the stuff. I took some last night you know. But that is ancient history, now." "And it goes twice?" I said, nearing his door- way in a grateful perspiration. "It goes a thousand times, many thousand times," cried Gibberne, with a dramatic gesture, flinging open his Early English carved oak gate. "Phew," said I, and followed him to the door. "I don't know how many times it goes," he said, with his latch-key in his hand. "And you -" "It throws all sorts of light on nervous physiology, it kicks the theory of vision into a perfectly new shape." . . . "Heaven knows how many thousand times. We'll try all that after. The thing is to try the stuff now." "Try the stuff?" I said, as we went along the passage. "Rather," said Gibberne, turning on me in his study. "There it is in that little green phial there. Unless you happen to be afraid." I am a careful man by nature, and only theoreti- cally adventurous. I was afraid. But on the other hand, there is pride. "Well," I haggled. "You say you've tried it?" "I've tried it," he said, "and I don't look hurt by it, do I ? I don't even look livery and I feel-" I sat down. "Give me the potion," I said. "If the worst comes to the worst it will save having my hair cut, and that I think is one of the most hateful duties of a civilized man. How do you take the mixture?" "With water," said Gibberne, whacking down a carafe. He stood up in front of his desk and regarded me in his easy chair; his manner was suddenly af- fected by a touch of the Harley Street specialist. "It's rum stuff, you know," he said. I made a gesture with my hand. "I must warn you in the first place as soon as you've got it down to shut your eyes, and open them very cautiously in a minute or so's time. One still sees. The sense of vision is a question of length of vibration, consequently of frequency of impacts; but there's a kind of shock to the retina, a nasty giddy confusion just at the time, if the eyes are open. Keep 'em shut." "Shut," I said. "Good!" "And the next thing is, keep still. Don't begin to whack about. You may fetch something a nasty rap if you do. Remember you will be going several thousand times faster than you ever did before, heart, lungs, muscles, brain--everything--and you will hit hard without knowing it. You won't know it, you know. You'll feel just as you do now. Only everything in the world will seem to be going ever so many thousand times slower than it ever went before. That's what makes it so deuced queer." "Lor'," I said. "And you mean-" "You'll see," said he, and took up a little measure. He glanced at the material on his desk. "Glasses," he said, "water. All here. Mustn't take too much for the first attempt." The little phial glucked out its precious contents. "Don't forget what 1 told you," he said, turning the contents of the measure in the manner of an Italian waiter measuring whisky. "Sit with the eyes tightly shut and in absolute stillness for two minutes," he said. "Then you will hear me speak." He added an inch or so of water to the little dose in each glass. "By-the-by," he said, "don't put your glass down. Keep it in your hand and rest your hand on your knee. Yes--so, and now-" He raised his glass. "The New Accelerator," I said. "The New Accelerator," he answered, and we touched glasses and drank, and instantly I closed my eyes. You know that blank non-existence into which one drops when one has taken "gas." For an in- definite interval it was like that. Then I heard Gibberne telling me to wake up, and I stirred and opened my eyes. There he stood as he had been standing, glass still in hand. It was empty, that was all the difference. "Well?" said I. "Nothing out of the way?" "Nothing. A slight feeling of exhilaration, per- haps. Nothing more." "Sounds?" "Things are still," I said. "By Jove! Yes! They are still. Except the sort of faint pat, patter, like rain falling on different things. What is it?" "Analyzed sounds," I think he said, but I am not sure. He glanced at the window. "Have you ever seen a curtain before a window fixed in that way before?" I followed his eyes, and there was the end of the 