THE SPHINX By Edgar Allan Poe Author of "Mesmeric Revelation," "The Case of M. Valdemar," etc. I perceived the huge jaws at the extremity of the proboscis suddently expand themselves, and from them there proceeded a sound so loud and so expressive of woe that it struck upon my nerves like a knell...and I fell at once, fainting, to the floor. DURING the dread reign of the cholera in New York, I had accepted the invita- tion of a relative to spend a fortnight with him in the retirement of his cot- tage orne on the banks of the Hudson. We had here around us all the ordinary means of summer amusement; and what with rambling in the woods, sketching, boating, fishing, bathing, music and books, we should have passed the time pleasantly enough, but for the fearful in- telligence which reached us every morning from the popu- lous city. Not a day elapsed which did not bring us news of the decease of some acquaint- ance. Then, as the fatality in- creased, we learned to expect daily the loss of some friend. At length we trembled at the approach of every messenger. THIS little-known classic by Edgar Allan Poe is chiefly interesting because it once more shows us how our senses are sometimes fooled and how nature often contrives to play some huge joke on us. In this story Poe takes as his vehicle the science of optics, and with his usual facile pen he manages to excite your interest to a high pitch. The denouement is as simple as it is startling. The very air from the South seemed to us redolent with death. That palsying thought, indeed, took en- tire possession of my soul. I could neither speak, think, nor dream of anything else. My host was of a less excitable temperament, and, although greatly depressed in spirits, exerted himself to sustain my own. His richly philosophical intellect was not at any time affected by unrealities. To the substances of terror he was sufficiently alive, but of its shadows he had no apprehension. His endeavors to arouse me from the condition of abnormal gloom into which I had fallen were frustrated, in great meas- ure, by certain volumes which I had found in his library. These were of a character to force into germination what- ever seeds of hereditary super- station lay latent in my bosom. 357