82 AMAZING STORIES act to the sun in exactly the same manner as the moon acts to the earth to-day." "I understand. It will be a case of eternal night for one side of the earth, and eternal day for the other. A case of burn up or freeze up." "Exactly. Of if it doesn't reach to that, the water gas will gradually lose out into sidereal space .and we will go to desert. Merely a ques- tion of the old dynamical theory of gases; of the molecules to be in motion, to be forever colliding and shooting out into variance. "Each minute, each hour, each day we are losing part of our atmospheric envelope. In course of time it will all be gone; when it is we shall be all desert. For intance, take a look outside. This is Arizona. Once it was the bottom of a deep blue sea. Why deny when we can already behold the beginning." The other laughed. "Pretty good mathematics at that, professor. Only--" "Only?" "That it is merely mathematics." "Merely mathematics?" The professor frowned slightly. "Mathematics do not lie, Charlie, you cannot get away from them. What sort of fanciful argument are you bringing up now?" "Simply this," returned the other, "that you de- pend too much on figures. They are material and in the nature of things can only be employed in a calculation of what may happen in the future. You must have premises to stand on, facts. Your fig- ures are rigid: they have no elasticity; unless, your foundations are permanent and faultless your de- ductions will lead you only into error." "Granted; just the point: we know where we stand. Wherein are we in error?" It was the old point of difference. Huyck was ever crashing down the idols of pure materialism. Williams was of the world-wide school. "You are in error, my dear professor, in a very little thing and a very large one." "What is that?" "Man." "Man?" "Yes. He's a great little bug. You have left him out of your calculation--which he will upset." The professor smiled indulgently. "I'll allow; he is at least a conceited bug; but you surely cannot grant him much when pitted against the Universe." "No? Did it ever occur to you, Professor, what the Universe is? The stars for instance? Space, the immeasurable distance of Infinity. Have you never dreamed?" Williams could not quite grasp him. Huyck had a habit that had grown out of childhood. Always he would allow his opponent to commit himself. The professor did not answer. But the other spoke. "Ether. You know it. Whether mind or granite. For instance, your desert." He placed his finger to his forehead. "Your mind, my mind--localized ether." "What are you driving at?" "Merely this. Your universe has intelligence. It has mind as well as matter. The little knot called the earth is becoming conscious. Your deductions are incompetent unless they embrace mind as well as matter, and they cannot do it. Your mathe- matics are worthless." The professor bit his lip. "Always fanciful." he commented, "and vision- ary. Your argument is beautiful, Charley, and hopeful. I would that it were true. But all things must mature. Even an earth must die." "Not our earth. You look into the past, profes- sor, for your proof, and I look into the future. Give a planet long enough time in maturing and it will develop life; give it still longer and it will pro- duce intelligence. Our own earth is just coming into consciousness; it has thirty million years, at least, to run." "You mean?" "This. That man is a great little bug. Mind: the intelligence of the earth." This of course is a bit dry. The conversation of such men very often is to those who do not care to follow them. But it is very pertinent to what came after. We know now, everyone knows, that Charley Huyck was right. Even Professor Wil- liams admits it. Our earth is conscious. In less than twenty-four hours it had to employ its con- sciousness to save itself from destruction. A bell rang. It was the private wire that con- nected the office with the residence. The professor picked up the receiver. "Just a minute. Yes? All right." Then to his companion: "I must go over to the house, Charley. We have plenty of time. Then we can go up to the observatory." Which shows how little we know about ourselves. Poor Professor Williams! Little did he think that those casual words were the last he would ever speak to Charley Huyck. The whole world seething! The beginning of the end! Charley Huyck in the vortex. The next few hours were to be the most strenuous of the planet's history. CHAPTER V. APPROACHING DISASTER It was night. The stars which had just been coming out were spotted by millions over the sleep- ing desert. One of the nights that are peculiar to the country, which we all of us know so well, if not from experience, at least from hearsay; mellow, soft, sprinkled like salted fire, twinkling. Each little light a message out of infinity. Cos- mic grandeur; mind: chaos, eternity--a night for dreaming. Whoever had chosen the spot in the desert had picked full well. Charley had spoken of consciousness. On that night when he gazed up at the stars he was its personification. Surely a good spirit was watching over the earth. A cool wind was blowing; on its breath floated the murmurs from the village; laughter, the song of children, the purring of motors and the startled barking of a dog; the confused drone of man and his civilization. From the eminence the observa- tory looked down upon the town and the sheen of light, spotting like jewels in the dim glow of the desert. To the east the mellow moon just tipping over the mountain. Charley stepped to the window. He could see it all. The subtle beauty that was so akin to poetry: the stretch of desert, the moun- tains, the light in the eastern sky; the dull level 