180 AMAZING STORIES as to the state of business and expressing some solicitude about the state of the exchequer. The wily Jew was taken somewhat by surprise, but came to an immediate conclusion that the pro- fessor was contemplating borrowing some money; he was consequently very cautious in all his replies. It was not Hakkabut's habit ever to advance a loan except at an extravagant rate of interest, or without demanding far more than an adequate security. Count Timascheff, a Russian nobleman, was evidently rich; to him perhaps, for a proper consideration, a loan might be made: Captain Serva- dac was a Gascon, and Gascons are proverbially poor; it would never do to lend any money to him; but here was a professor, a mere man of science, with circumscribed means; did he expect to borrow? Certainly Isaac would as soon think of flying, as of lending money to him. Such were the thoughts that made him receive all Rosette's approaches with a careful reservation. It was not long, however, before Hakkabut was to be called upon to apply his money to a purpose for which he had not reckoned. In his eagerness to effect sales, he had parted with all the alimentary articles of his cargo without having the precau- tionary prudence to reserve enough for his own con- sumption. Amongst other things that failed him was his stock of coffee, and as coffee was a beverage without which he deemed it impossible to exist, he found himself in considerable perplexity. He pondered the matter over for a long time, and ultimately persuaded himself that, after all, the stores were the common property of all, and that he had as much right to share as anyone else. Ac- cordingly, he made his way to Ben Zoof, and, in the most amiable tone he could assume, begged as a favor that he would let him have a pound of coffee. The orderly shook his head dubiously. "A pound of coffee, old Nathan? I can't say." "Why not? You have some?" said Isaac. "Oh yes! plenty--a hundred kilograms." "Then let me have one pound. I shall be grate- ful." "Hang your gratitude!" "Only one pound! You would not refuse anybody else." "That's just the very point, old Samuel; if you were anybody else, I should know very well what to do. I must refer the matter to his Excellency." "Oh, his Excellency will do me justice." "Perhaps you will find his justice rather too much for you." And with this consoling remark, the or- derly went to seek his master. Rosette meanwhile had been listening to the con- versation, and secretly rejoicing that an opportunity for which he had been watching had arrived. "What's the matter, Master Isaac? Have you parted with all your coffee?" he asked, in a sympathizing voice, when Ben Zoof was gone. "Ah! yes, indeed," groaned Hakkabut, "and now I require some for my own use. In my little black hole I cannot live without my coffee." "Of course you cannot," agreed the professor. "And don't you think the governor ought to let me have it?" "No doubt." "Oh, I must have coffee," said the Jew again. "Certainly," the professor assented. "Coffee is nutritious; it warms the blood. How much do you want?" A pound. A pound will last me for a long time." "And who will weigh it for you?" asked Rosette, scarcely able to conceal the eagerness that prompted the question. "Why, they will weigh it with my scale, of course. There is no other balance here." And as the Jew spoke, the professor fancied he could detect the faintest of sighs. "Good, Master Isaac; all the better for you! You will get your seven pounds instead of one!" "Yes; well, seven, or thereabouts--thereabouts," stammered the Jew with considerable hesitation. Rosette scanned his countenance narrowly, and was about to probe him with further questions, when Ben Zoof returned. "And what does his Ex- cellency say?" inquired Hakkabut. "Why, Nehemiah, he says he shan't give you any." "Merciful heavens!" began the Jew. "He says he doesn't mind selling you a little." "But, by the holy city, why does he make me pay for what anybody else could have for nothing?" "As I told you before, you are not anybody else; so, come along. You can afford to buy what you want. We should like to see the color of your money." "Merciful heavens!" the old man whined once more. "Now, none of that! Yes or no? If you are going to buy, say so at once, if not, I shall shut up shop." Hakkabut knew well enough that the orderly was not a man to be trifled with, and said, in a tremulous voice, "Yes, I will buy." The professor, who had been looking on with much interest, betrayed manifest symptoms of satisfaction. "How much do you want? What will you charge for it?" asked Isaac mournfully, putting his hand into his pocket and clinking his money. "Oh, we will deal gently with you. We will not make any profit. You shall have it for the same price that we paid for it. Ten francs a pound, you know." The Jew hesitated. "Come now, what is the use of your hesitating? Your gold will have no value when you go back to the world." "What do you mean?" asked Hakkabut, startled. "You will find out some day," answered Ben Zoof, significantly. Hakkabut drew out a small piece of gold from his pocket, took it close under the lamp, rolled it over in his hand, and pressed it to his lips. "Shall you weigh me the coffee with my scale?" he asked, in a quavering voice that confirmed the professor's suspicions. "There is nothing else to weigh it with; you know that well enough, old Shechem," said Ben Zoof. The spring balance was then produced; a tray was sus- pended to the hook, and upon this coffee was thrown until the needle registered the weight of one pound. Of course, it took seven pounds of coffee to do this. "There you are! There's your coffee, man!" Ben Zoof said. "Are you sure?" inquired Hakkabut, peering 