A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 207 sixteen leagues costs us a horizontal of eighty-five, we shall have to go about eight thousand leagues to the southeast, and we must therefore come out somewhere in the circumference long before v/e can hope to reach the center." "Bother your calculations," cried my uncle in one of his old rages. "On what basis do they rest? How do you know that this passage does not take us di- rect to the end we require? Moreover, I have in my favor, fortunately, a precedent. What I have undertaken to do, another has dons, and he having succeeded, why should I not be equally successful ?" "I hope, indeed, you will, but still, I suppose I may be allowed to-" "You are allowed to hold your tongue," cried Pro- fessor Hardwigg, "when you talk so unreasonably as this." I saw at once that the old doctorial Professor was still alive in my uncle--and fearful to rouse his angry passions, I dropped the unpleasant subject. "Now, then," he explained, "consult the mano- meter. What does that indicate?" "A considerable amount of pressure." "Very good. You see, then, that by descending slowly, and by gradually accustoming ourselves to the density of this lower atmosphere, we shall not suffer. "Well, I suppose not, except it may be a certain amount of pain in the ears," was my rather grim reply. "That, my dear boy, is nothing, and you will easily get rid of that source of discomfort by bring- ing the exterior air in communication with the air' contained in your lungs." "Perfectly," said I, for I had quite made up my mind in no wise to contradict my uncle. "I should fancy almost that I should experience a certain amount of satisfaction in making a plunge into this dense atmosphere. Have you taken note of how wonderfully sound is propagated?" "Of course I have. There can be no doubt that a journey into the interior of the earth would be an excellent cure for deafness." "But then, uncle," I ventured mildly to observe, "this density will continue to increase." "Yes--according to a law which, however, is scarcely defined. It is true that the intensity of weight will diminish just in proportion to the depth to which we go. You know very well that it is on the surface of the earth that its action is most powerfully felt, while on the contrary, in the very center of the earth bodies cease to have any weight at all." "I know that is the case, but as we progress will not the atmosphere finally assume the density of water ?" "I know it; when placed under the pressure of seven hundred and ten atmospheres," cried my uncle with imperturbable gravity." "And when we are still lower down?" I asked with natural anxiety. "Well, lower down, the density will become even greater still." "Then how shall we be able to make our way through this atmospheric fog?" "Well, my worthy nephew, we must ballast our- selves by filling our pockets with stones," said Pro- fessor Hardwigg. "Faith, uncle, you have an answer for every- thing," was my own reply. I began to feel that it was unwise in me to go any farther into the wide field of hypotheses, for I should certainly have re- vived some difficulty, or rather impossibility that would have enraged the Professor. It was evident, nevertheless, that the air under a pressure which might be multiplied by thousands of atmospheres, would end by becoming perfectly solid, and that then admitting our bodies resisted the pressure, we should have to stop, in spite of all the reasoning in the world. Facts overcome all ar- guments. But I thought it best not to urge this argument. My uncle would simply have quoted the example of Saknussem. Supposing the learned Icelander's journey ever really to have taken place--there was one simple^ answer to be made:--In the sixteenth century neither the barometer nor the manometer had been invented--how, then, could Saknussem have been able to discover when he did reach the center of the earth? This unanswerable and learned objection I kept to myself, and bracing up my cour- age awaited the course of events--little aware of how adventurous the incidents of our remarkable journey were yet to be. The rest of this day of leisure and repose was spent in calculation and conversation. I made it a point to agree with the Professor in everything; but I envied the perfect indifference of Hans, who, with- out taking any such trouble about the cause and ef- fect, went blindly onwards wherever destiny chose to lead. CHAPTER XXIII Alone IT must in all truth be confessed, things as yet had gone on well,'and I should have acted in bad taste to have complained. If our difficul- ties did not increase, it was within the range of possibility that we might ultimately reach the end of our journey. Then what glory would be ours! I began in the newly aroused ardor of my soul to speak enthusiastically to the Professor. Was I serious! The whole state in which we1 existed was a mystery--and it was impossible to know whether or not I was in earnest. For several days after our memorable halt, the slopes became more rapid--some were even of a most frightful character--almost vertical, so that we were forever going down into the solid interior mass. During some days, we actually descended a league and a half, even two leagues towards the center of the earth. The descents were sufficiently perilous, and while we were engaged in them we learned fully to appreciate the marvelous coolness of our guide, Hans. Without him we should have been wholly lost. The grave and impassible Icelander de- voted himself to us with the most incomprehensible sang froid and ease; and, thanks to him, many a dangerous pass was got over, where, but for him, we should inevitably have stuck fast. His silence increased every day. I think that we began to be influenced by this peculiar trait in his character. It is certain that the inanimate objects by which you are surrounded have a direct action on the brain. It must be that a man who shuts himself up between four walls must lose the faculty 