256 AMAZING STORIES "I'm an engineer," he finished. "What nature can do, we can imitate. Nature let us into this hole. We'll climb out. In the mean time, matters are serious. We needn't be afraid of not getting back. We'll do that. What we've got to fight is--starva- tion !" Planning For the Food-Supply WE'VE got to fight starvation, and we've got to beat it," Arthur continued dogged- ly. "I'm telling you this now because I want you to begin right at the beginning and pitch in to help. We have very little food and a lot of us to eat it. First, I want some volunteers to help with rationing. Next, I want every ounce of food in this place put under guard where it can be served to those who need it most. Who will help?" The swift succession of shocks had paralyzed the faculties of most of the people there, but half a dozen moved forward. Among them was a single gray-haired man with an air of accustomed au- thority. Arthur recognized him as the president of the bank on the ground floor. "I don't know who you are or if you're right in saying what has happened," said the gray-haired man. "But I see something's got to be done, and-- well, for the time being I'll take your word for what that is. Later on we'll thrash this matter out." Arthur nodded. He bent over and spoke in a low voice to the gray-haired man, who moved away. "Grayson, Walters, Terhune, Simpson, and For- sythe come here," the gray-haired man called at a doorway. A number of men began to press dazedly toward him. Arthur resumed his harangue. "You people--those of you who aren't too dazed to think--are remembering there's a restaurant in the building and no need to starve. You're wTong. There are nearly two thousand of us here. That means six thousand meals a day. We've got to have nearly ten tons of food a day, and we've got to have it at once." "Hunt," someone suggested. "I saw Indians," some one else shouted. "Can we trade with them?" "We can hunt and we can trade with the Indians," Arthur admitted, "but we need food by the ton--by the ton, people! The Indians don't store up sup- plies, and, besides, they're much too scattered to have a surplus for us. But we've got to have food. Now, how many of you know anything about hunt- ing, fishing, trapping, or any possible way of get- ting food?" There were a few hands raised--pitifully few. Arthur saw Estelle's hand up. "Very well," he said. "Those of you who raised your hands then come with me up on the second floor and we'll talk it over. The rest of you try to conquer your fright, and don't go outside for a while. We've got some things to attend to before it will be quite safe for you to venture out. And keep away from the restaurant. There are armed guards over that. food. Before we pass it out indis- criminately, we'll see to it there's more for to-mor- row and the next day." He stepped down from the counter and moved toward the stairway. It was not worth while to use the elevator for the ride of only one floor. Estelle managed to join him, and they mounted the steps together. "Do you think we'll pull through all right?" she asked quietly. "We've got to!" Arthur told her, setting his chin firmly. "We've simply got to." The gray-haired president of the bank was wait- ing for them at the top of the stairs. "My name is Van Deventer," he said, shaking hands with Arthur, who gave his own name. "Where shall our emergency council sit?" he asked. "The bank has a board room right over the safety vault. I dare say we can accommodate everybody there--everybody in the council, anyway." Arthur followed into the board-room, and the others trooped in after him. "I'm just assuming temporary leadership," Ar- thur explained, "because it's imperative some things be done at once. Later on we can talk about electing officials to direct our activities. Right now we need food. How many of you can shoot?" About a quarter of the hands were raised. Es- telle's was among the number. "And how many are fishermen?" A few more went up. "What do the rest of you do?" There was a chorus of "gardener." "I have a garden in my yard," "I grow peaches in New. Jer- sey," and three men confessed that they raised chickens as a hobby. "We'll want you gardeners in a little while. Don't go yet. But the most important are huntsmen and fishermen. Have any of you weapons in your offices?" A number had revolvers, but only one man had a shotgun and shells. "I was going on my vacation this afternoon straight from the office," he explained, "and have all my vacation tackle." "Good man!" Arthur exclaimed. "You'll go after the heavy game." "With a shotgun?" the sportsman asked, aghast. "If you get close to them a shotgun will do as well as anything, and we can't waste a shell on every bird or rabbit. Those shells of yours are precious. You other fellows will have to turn fishermen for a while. Your pistols are no good for hunting." "The watchmen at the bank have riot guns," said Van Deventer, "and there are one or two repeating- rifles there. I don't know about ammunition." "Good! I don't mean about the ammunition, but about the guns. We'll hope for the ammunition. You fishermen get to work to improvise tackle out of anything you can get hold of. Will you do that?" A series of nods answered his question. "Now for the gardeners. You people will have to roam through the woods in company with the hun- ters and locate anything in the way of edibles that grows. Do all of you know what wild plants look like? I mean wild fruits and vegetables that are good to eat." A few of them nodded, but the majority looked dubious. The consensus of opinion seemed to be that they would try. Arthur seemed a little dis- couraged. "I guess you're the man to tell about the restaur- ant," Van Deventer said quietly. "And as this is the food commission, or something of that sort, 