48 AMAZING STORIES claimed Ben Zoof, "if every household could be furnished with its own private volcano!" The large cavern at the general junction of the galleries was fitted up as a drawing-room, and ar- ranged with all the best furniture both of the gourbi and of the cabin of the Dobryna. Hither was also brought the shooner's library, containing a good variety of French and Russian books; lamps were suspended over the different tables; and the walls of the apartment were tapestried with the sails and adorned with the flags belonging to the yacht. The curtain of fire extending over the opening of the cavern provided it, as already stated, with light and heat. The torrent of lava fell into a small rock-bound basin that had no apparent communication with the sea, and was evidently the aperture of a deep abyss, of which the waters, heated by the descent of the eruptive matter, would no doubt retain their liquid condition long after the Gallian Sea had be- come a sheet of ice. A small excavation to the left of the common hall was allotted for the special use of Servadac and the count; another on the right was appropriated to the lieutenant and Ben Zoof; whilst a third recess, im- mediately at the back, made a convenient little chamber for Nina. The Spaniards and the Russian sailors took up their sleeping-quarters in the ad- jacent galleries, and found the temperature quite comfortable. Such were the internal arrangements of Nina's Hive, the refuge where the little colony were full of hope that they would be able to brave the rigors of the stern winter-time that lay before them--a winter-time during which Gallia might possibly be projected even to the orbit of Jupiter, where the temperature would not exceed one twenty-fifth of the normal winter temperature of the earth. The only discontented spirit was Isaac Hakka- but. Throughout all the preparations which roused even the Spaniards to activity, the Jew, still in- credulous and deaf to every representation of the true state of things, insisted upon remaining in the creek at Gourbi Island; nothing could induce him to leave his tartan, where, like a miser, he would keep guard over his precious cargo, ever grumbling and growling, but with his weather-eye open in the hope of catching sight of some passing sail. It must be owned that the whole party were far from sorry to be relieved of his presence; his uncomely figure and repulsive countenance was a perpetual bugbear. He had given out in plain terms that he did not intend to part with any of his property, except for current money; and Servadac, equally resolute, had strictly forbidden any pur- chases to be made, hoping to wear out the rascal's obstinacy. Hakkabut persistently refused to credit the real situation; he could not absolutely deny that some portions of the terrestrial globe had undei'gone a certain degree of modification, but nothing could bring him to believe that he was not, sooner or later, to resume his old line of business in the Med- iterranean. With his wonted distrust of all with whom he came in contact, he regarded every argu- ment that was urged upon him only as evidence of a plot that had been devised to deprive him of his goods. Repudiating, as he did utterly, the hypo- thesis that a fragment had beome detached from the earth, he scanned the horizon for hours to- gether with an old telescope, the case of which had been patched up till it looked like a rusty stove-pipe, hoping to descry the passing trader with which he might effect some bartering jpon advantageous terms. At first he professed to regard the proposed re- moval into winter-quarters as an attempt to impose upon his credulity; but the frequent voyages made by the Dobryna to the south, and the repeated con- signments of corn and cattle, soon served to make him aware that Captain Servadac and his compan- ions were really contemplating a departure from Gourbi Island. The movement set him thinking. What, he be- gan to ask himself--what if all that was told him was true? What if this sea was no longer the Mediterranean? What if he should never again behold his German fatherland? What if his marts for business were gone for ever? A vague idea of ruin began to take possession of his mind: he must yield to necessity; he must do the best he could. As the result of his cogitations, he occa- sionally left his tartan and made a visit to the shore. At length he endeavored to mingle with the busy group, who were hurrying on their prep- arations; but his advances were only met by jeers and scorn, and, ridiculed by all the rest, he was fain to turn his attention to Ben Zoof, to whom he of- fered a few pinches of tobacco. "No, old Zebulon," said Ben Zoof, steadily re- fusing tne gift, "it is against orders to take any- thing from you. Keep your cargo to yourself; eat and drink it all if you can; we are not to touch it." Finding the subordinates incorruptible, Isaac de- termined to go to the fountain-head. He addressed himself to Servadac, and begged him to tell him the whole truth, piteously adding that surely it was unworthy of a French officer to deceive a poor old man like himself. "Tell you the truth, man!" cried Servadac. "Con- found it, I have told you the truth twenty times. Once for all, I tell you now, you have left yourself barely time enough to make your escape to yonder mountain." "God and Mahomet have mercy on me!" muttered the Jew, whose creed frequently assumed a very ambiguous character. "I will tell you what," continued the captain-- "you shall have a few men to work the Hansa across, if you like." "But I want to go to Algiers," whispered Hak- kabut. "How often am I to tell you that Algiers is no longer in existence ? Only say yes or no--are you coming with us into winter-quarters?" "God of Israel! what is to become of all my property?" "But, mind you," continued the captain, not heed- ing the interruption, "if you do not choose volun- tarily to come with us, I shall have the Hansa, by my orders, removed to a place of safety. I am not going to let your cursed obstinancy incur the risk of losing your cargo altogether." "Merciful Heaven! I shall be ruined!" moaned Isaac, in despair. "You are going the right way to ruin yourself and it would serve you right to leave you to your own devices. But be off! I have no more to say." 