A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 199 "Well," said the Professor, with the most im- perturbable tranquility, "it is the shell of a crus- taceous animal of the extinct, order of the trilobites; nothing more I assure you." "But," cried I, much troubled at his coolness, "do you draw no conclusion from it?" "Well, if I may ask, what conclusion do you draw from it yourself?" "Well, I thought-" "I know, my boy, what you would say, and you are right, perfectly and incontestably right. We have finally abandoned the crust of lava and the road by which the lava ascended. It is quite possi- ble that I may have been mistaken, but I shall be unable to discover my error until I get to the end of this gallery." "You are quite right as far as that is concerned," I replied, "and I should highly approve of your decision, if we had not to fear the greatest of all dangers." "And what is that?" "Want of water." "Well, my dear Harry, it can't be helped. We must put ourselves on rations." And on he went. CHAPTER XVII Deeper and Deeper--The Coal Mine IN truth, we were compelled to put ourselves upon rations. Our supply would certainly last not more than three days. I found this out about supper time. The worst part of the matter was, that in what is called the transition rocks, it was hardly to be expected that we should meet with water! I had read of the horrors of thirst, and I knew that where we were, a brief trial of its suffer- ings would put an end to our adventures--and our lives! But it was utterly useless to discuss the mat- ter with my uncle. He would have answered by some axiom from Plato. During the whole of the next day we proceeded on our journey through this interminable gallery, arch after arch, tunnel after tunnel. We journeyed without exchanging a word. We had become as mute and reticent as Hans, our guide. The road had no longer an upward tendency; at all events, if it had, it was not to be made out very clearly. Sometimes there could be no doubt that we were going downwards. But this inclination was scarcely to be distinguished, and was by no means reassur- ing to the Professor, because the character of the strata was in no wise modified, and the transition character of the rocks became more and more marked. It was a glorious sight to see how the electric light brought out the sparkles in the walls of the calcareous rocks, and the old red sandstone. One might have fancied himself in one of those deep cut- tings in Devonshire, which have given their name to this kind of soil. Some magnificent specimens of marble projected from the sides of the gallery; some of an agate gray with white veins of variegated character, others of a yellow spotted color, with red veins; farther off might be seen samples of color in which cherry-tinted seams were to be found in all their brightest shades. The greater number of these marbles were stamped with the marks of primitive animals. Since the previous evening, nature and creation had made considerable progress. Instead of the rudimentary trilobites, I perceived the remains of a more per- fect order. Among others, the fish in which the eye of a geologist has been able to discover the first form of the reptile. It was quite evident to me that we were ascending the scale of animal life of which man forms the summit. My excellent uncle, the Professor, appeared not to take notice of these warnings. He was determined at any risk to pro- ceed. He must have been in expectation of one of two things; either that a vertical well was about to open under his feet, and thus allow him to continue his descent, or that some insurmountable obstacle would compel us to stop and go back by the road we had so long traveled. But evening came again, and, to my horror, neither hope was destined to be realized! On Friday, after a night when I began to feel the gnawing agony of thirst, and when in consequence appetite decreased, our little band rose arid once more followed the turnings, and windings, the as- cents and descents, of this interminable gallery. All were silent and gloomy. I could see that even my uncle felt that we had adventured too far. After about ten hours of further progress/--a progress dull and monotonous to the last degree--I remarked that the reverberation, and reflection oi&gt; our lamps upon the sides of the tunnel had singu- larly diminished. The marble, the schist, the "cal- careous rocks, the red sandstone, had disappeared, leaving in their places a dark and gloomy wall, som- bre and without brightness. When we reached a remarkably narrow part of the tunnel, I leaned my left hand against the rock. When I took my hand away, and happened to glance at it, it was guite black. We had reached the coal strata of the Cen- tral Earth. "A coal mine!" I cried. "A coal mine without miners," responded my uncle, a little severely. "How can we tell?" "I can tell," replied my uncle, in a sharp and doctorial tone. "I am perfectly certain that this gal- lery through successive layers of coal, was not cut by the hand of man. But whether it is the work of nature or not is of little concern to us. The hour for our evening meal has come--let us sup." Hans, the guide, occupied himself in preparing food. I had come to that point where I could no longer eat. All I cared about were the few drops of water which fell to my share. What I suffered it is useless to record. The guide's gourd, not guite half full, was all that was left for us three! Hav- ing finished their repast, my two companions laid themselves down upon their rugs, and found in sleep a remedy for their fatigue and sufferings. As for me, I could not sleep, I lay counting the hours until morning. The next morning, Saturday, at 6 o'clock, we start- ed again. Twenty minutes later we suddenly came upon a vast excavation. From its mighty extent I saw at once that the hand of man could have had nothing to do with this coal mine; the vault above would have fallen in; even now it was only held to- gether by some miracle of nature. This mighty natural cavern was about a hundred feet wide, by 