The Man from the Atom By G. Peyton Wertenbaker (Sequel) I was half inclined to stop my growth for a few minutes, but instead I knelt down far enough away from her for safety, and I smiled, waving my arm like some huge, clumsy, ridiculous giant. What Went Before PROFESSOR MARTYN was an inventor of genius, and Kirby--one of the very few friends he had--was always a willing test object for many of his inventions. Somewhat even to his own surprise, Professor Martyn invents a machine whereby anyone can at will, either increase or di- minish in size, and Kirby agrees--with foreboding in his heart--to test the machine. It is put into op- eration by merely pressing the middle button on this little machine, which is attached with straps, over his chest. He is fitted with an elastic suit, specially made for the purpose of keeping out in- tense cold or heat and retaining an even degree of temperature. He begins to increase in size and soon is so large that he just naturally slips away from the Earth and goes off into ultrasplanetary space. After the first rush of excitement, Kirby becomes alarmed about it all and decides to come back to Earth. He presses the right button and immediately begins to diminish in size. But he has traveled so fast and is so far away that he becomes panic- stricken and decides to press the "stop" button. The velocity of his motion is so great that he travels for hundreds of miles more before he can stop. Then he suddenly finds himself coming up out of water--floating. He swims ashore, but he is so ex- hausted, he falls right off to sleep. When he awakes, he gets into a state of utter despair, for instead of being on the Earth, he finds himself on some un- known planet. He rages and fumes around for some time and finally decides to decrease to a size small enough to enable him to go back to earth and forth- with sets out to find the same nebula through which he originally left the Earth. He cannot find it and does not reach the Earth, but lands instead on a strange planet, with strange inhabitants, so far ad- vanced in intellect that he feels like a savage among them. He does not understand their lan- guage and cannot understand their customs. He is there alone in titter desolation and despair, ever pining for those he left behind, whom he can never hope to see again. 140 