158 AMAZING STORIES "Well, then, listen to me," resumed the professor, stiffly. "I presume you are taking it for granted that the Gallian year--by which I mean the time in which Gallia makes one revolution round the sun-- is equal in length to two terrestrial years." They signified their assent. "And that year, like every other year, ought to be divided into twelve months." "Yes, certainly, if you wish it," said the captain, acquiescing. "If I wish it!" exclaimed Rosette. "Nothing of the sort! Of course a year must have twelve months!" "Of course," said the captain. "And how many days will make a month?" asked the professor. "I suppose sixty or sixty-two, as the case may be. The days now are only half as long as they used to be," answered the captain. "Servadac, don't be thoughtless!" cried Rosette, with all the petulant impatience of the old peda- gogue. "If the days are only half as long as they were, sixty of them cannot make up a twelfth part of Gallia's year--cannot be a month." "I suppose not," replied the confused captain. "Do you not see, then," continued the astronomer, "that if a Gallian month is twice as long as a ter- restrial month, and a Gallian day is only half as long as a terrestrial day, there must be a hundred and twenty days in every month?" "No doubt you are right, professor," said Count Timascheff; "but do you not think that the use of a new calendar such as this would practically be very troublesome?" "Not at all! not at all! I do not intend to use any other," was the professor's bluff reply. After pondering for a few moments, the captain spoke again. "According to this new calendar, it isn't the middle of May at all; it must now be some time in March." "Yes," said the professor, "to-day is the 26th of March. It is the 266th day of the Gallian year. It corresponds with the 133d day of the terrestrial year. You are quite correct, it is the 26th of March." "Strange!" muttered Servadac. "And a month, a terrestrial month, thirty old days, sixty new days hence, it will be the 86th of March." "Ha, ha!" roared the captain; "this is logic with a vengeance!" The old professor had an undefined consciousness that his former pupil was laughing at him and as it was growing late, he made an excuse that he had no more leisure. The visitors accordingly quitted the observatory. It must be owned that the revised calendar was left to the professor's sole use, and the colony was fairly puzzled whenever he referred to such unheard of dates as the 47th of April or the 118th of May. According to the old calendar, June had now ar- rived; and by the professor's tables Gallia during the month would have advanced 27,500,000 leagues farther along its orbit, and would have attained a distance of 155,000,000 leagues from the sun. The thermometer continued to fall; the atmosphere re- mained clear as heretofore. The population per- formed their daily avocations with systematic rou- tine; and almost the only thing that broke the mon- otony of existence was an occasional visit from the blustering, nervous, little professor, when some sudden fancy induced him to throw aside his as- tronomical studies for a time, and pay a visit to the common hall. His arrival there was generally hailed as the precursor of a little season of excite- ment. Somehow or other the conversation would eventually work its way round to the topic of a fu- ture collision between the comet and the earth; and in the same degree as this was a matter of sanguine anticipation to Captain Servadac and his friends, it was a matter of aversion to the astrono- mical enthusiast, who had no desire to quit his present quarters in a sphere which, being of his own discovery, he could hardly have cared for more if it had been of his own creation. The inter- view would often terminate in a scene of consider- able animation. On the 27th of June (old calendar) the profes- sor burst like a cannon-ball into the central hall, where they were all assembled, and without a word of salutation or of preface, accosted the lieutenant in the way in which in earlier days he had been ac- customed to speak to an idle school-boy, "Now, lieutenant! no evasions! no shuffling! Tell me, have you or have you not circumnavigated Gallia?" The lieutenant drew himself up stiffly. "Eva- sions! shufflings! I am not accustomed, sir--" he began in a tone evidencing no little resentment; but catching a hint from the count he subdued his voice, and simply said, "We have." "And may I ask," continued the professor, quite unaware of his previous discourtesy, "whether, when you made your voyage, you took any account of distances?" "As approximately as I could," replied the lieu- tenant; "I did what I could by log and compass. I was unable to take the altitude of sun or star." "At what result did you arrive? What is the measurement of our equator?" "I estimate the total circumference of the equa- tor to be about 1,400 miles." "Ah!" said the professor, more than half speak- ing to himself, "a circumference of 1,400 miles would give a diameter of about 450 miles. That would be approximately about one-sixteenth of the diameter of the earth." Raising his voice, he continued, "Gentlemen, in order to complete my account of my comet Gallia, I require to know its area, its mass, its volume, its density, its specific gravity." "Since we know the diameter," remarked the lieu- tenant, "there can be no difficulty in finding its surface and its volume." "And did I say there was any difficulty?" asked the professor, fiercely. "I have been able to reckon that ever since I was born." "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" cried Ben Zoof, delighted at any opportunity to pay off his old grudge. The professor looked at him, but did not vouch- safe a word. Addressing the captain, he said, "Now, Servadac, take your paper and a pen, and find me the surface of Gallia." With more submission than when he was a school-boy, the captain sat down and endeavored to recall the proper formula. "The surface of a sphere? Multiply circumfer- ence by diameter." 