THE MAN WHO COULD WORK MIRACLES 315 Afraid of a premture discovery of his powers, he addressed the blossoming stick hastily: "Go back." What he meant was "Change back"; but of course he was confused. The stick receded at a consider- able velocity, and incontinently came a cry of anger and a bad word from the approaching person. "Who are you throwing brambles at, you fool?" cried a voice. "That got me on the shin." Mr. Fotheringay Gets in Trouble with the Police and Disposes of the Officer as in the Next Chapter "I'M sorry, old chap," said Mr. Fotheringay, and then, realizing the awkward nature of the explanation, caught nervously at his moustache. He saw Winch, one of the three Im- mering constables, advancing. "What do you mean by it?" asked the constable. "Hallo! it's you, is it? The gent that broke the lamp at the Long Dragon!" "I don't mean anything by it," said Mr. Fother- ingay. "Nothing at all." "What d'yer do it for then?" "Oh, bother!" said Mr. Fotheringay. "Bother indeed! D'yer know that stick hurt? What d'yer do it for, eh?" For the moment Mr, Fotheringay could not think what he had done it for. His silence seemed to irritate Mr. Winch. "You've been assaulting the police, young man, this time. That's what you done." "Look here, Mr. Winch," said Mr. Fotheringay, annoyed and confused. "I'm sorry, very. The fact is-" "Well?" He could think of no w£y but the truth. "I was working a miracle." He tried to speak in an off- hand way, but try as he would he couldn't. CHAPTER IV. More Trouble About the Policeman "WORKING a-! 'Ere, don't you talk rot. Working a miracle, indeed! Miracle! Well, that's downright funny! Why, you's the chap that don't believe in miracles . . . Fact is, this is another of your silly conjuring tricks--- that's what this is. Now, I tell you-" But Mr. Fotheringay never heard what Mr. Winch was going to tell him. He realized he had given himself away, flung his valuable secret to all the winds of heaven. A violent gust of irritation swept over him to action. He turned on the con- stable swiftly and fiercely. "Here," he said, "I've had enough of this, I have! I'll show you "a silly conjuring trick, I will! Go to Hades! Go, now! He was alone! Mr. Fotheringay performed no more miracles that night, nor did he trouble to see what had become of his flowering stick. He returned to the town, scared and very quiet, and went to his bedroom. "Lord!" he said, "it's a powerful gift--an extremely power- ful gift. I didn't hardly mean as much as that. Not really ... I wonder what Hades is like!" He sat on the bed taking off his boots. Struck by a happy thought he transferred the constable to San Francisco, and without any more interference with normal caution went soberly to bed. In the night he dreamt of the anger of Winch. The next day Mr. Fotheringay heard two interest- ing items of news. Some one had planted a most beautiful climbing rose against the elder Gomshott's private house in the Lullaborough Road, and the river as far as Rawiing's Mill was to be dragged for Constable Winch. Mr. Fotheringay was abstracted and thoughtful all that day, and performed no miracles except certain provisions for Winch, and the miracle of completing his day's work with punctual perfec- tion in spite of all the bee-swarm of thoughts that hummed through his mind. And the extraordinary abstraction and meekness of his manner was re- marked by several people, and made a matter of jesting. For the most part he was thinking of Winch. On Sunday evening he went to chapel, and, oddly enough, Mr. Maydig, who took a certain interest in occult matters, preached about "things that are not lawful." Mr. Fotheringay was not a regular chapel- goer, but the system of assertive sclcepticism, to which I have already alluded, was now very much shaken. The tenor of the sermon threw an entirely new light on these novel gifts, and he suddenly decided to consult Mr. Maydig immediately after the service. So soon as that was determined he found himself wondering why he had not done so before. Mr. Maydig, a lean, excitable man with quite re- markably long wrists and neck, was gratified at a request for a private conversation from a young man whose carelessness in religious matters wa3 a subject for general remark in the town. After a few necessary delays, he conducted him to the study of the manse, which was contiguous to the chapel, seated him comfortably, and, standing, in front of a cheerful fire--his legs threw a Rhodian arch of shadow on the opposite wall--requested Mr. Fother- ingay to state his business. At first Mr. Fotheringay was a little abashed, and found some difficulty in opening the matter. "You will scarcely believe me, Mr. Maydig, I am afraid" --and so forth for some time. He tried a question at last, and asked Mr. Maydig his opinion of mir- acles. CHAPTER V. Interviewing a Clergyman MR. MAYDIG was still saying "Well" in an extremely judicial tone, when Mr. Foth- eringay interrupted again: "You don't be- lieve, I suppose, that some common sort of person --like myself, for instance--as it might be sitting here now, might have some sort of twist inside him that made him able to do things by his will." "It's possible," said Mr. Maydig. "Something of the sort, perhaps, is possible." "If I might make free with something here, I think I might show you by a sort of experiment," said Mr. Fotheringay. "Now, take that tobacco-jar on the table, for instance. What I want to know is whether what I am going to do with it is a miracle or not. Just half a minute, Mr. Maydig, please." He knitted his brows, pointed to the tobacco-jar and said: "Be a bowl of vi'lets." The tobacco-jar did as it was ordered. Mr. Maydig started violently at the change, and stood looking from the thaumaturgist to the bowl of