58 AMAZING STORIES work; he is one of those men who find a help and stimulus in talking, and so I have been able to fol- low the conception of the New Accelerator right up from a very early stage. Of course, the greater por- tion of his experimental work is not done in Folke- stone, but in Gower Street, in the fine new labora- tory next to the hospital that he has been the first to use. As everyone knows, or at least as all intelligent people know, the special field in which Gibberne has gained so great and deserved a reputation among physiologists includes the action of drugs upon the nervous system. On the subjects of soporifics, sedatives, and anaesthetics he is, I am told, un- equalled. He is also a chemist of considerable emin- ence, and I suppose in the subtle and complex jungle of riddles that shadows the ganglion cell and the axis fibre there are little cleared places of his mak- ing, little glades of illumination, which, until he sees fit to publish his results, are still inaccessible to every other living man. And in the last few years he has been particularly assiduous upon the question of nervous stimulants, and already, before the dis- covery of the New Accelerator, had attained great success with them. Medical science has to thank him for at least three distinct and absolutely safe invigorators of unrivalled value to practising men. In cases of exhaustion the preparation known as Gibberne's B Syrup has, I suppose, saved more lives already than any lifeboat on the coast. "But none of these little things begin to satisfy me yet," he told me nearly a year ago. "Either they increase the central energy without affecting the nerves or they simply increase the available energy by lowering the nervous conductivity; and all of them are unequal and local in their operation. One wakes up the heart and viscera and leaves the brain stupefied, one gets at the brain, champagne fashion, and does nothing good for the solar plexus, and what I want, and what, if it's an earthly possibility, I mean to have--is a stimulant that stimulates all round, that wakes you up for a time from the crown of your head to the tip of your great toe, and makes you go two--or even three to everybody else's one. Eh? That's the thing I'm after.'' "It would tire a man," I said. "Not a doubt of it. And you'd eat double or treble--and all that. But just think what the thing would mean. Imagine yourself with a little phial like this"--he held up a little bottle of green glass and marked his points with it--"and that in this precious phial is the power to think twice ps fast, move twice as quickly, do twice as much work in a given time as you could otherwise do." "But is such a thing possible?" "I believe so. If it isn't, I've wasted ray time for a year. These various preparations of the hypo- phosphites, for example, seem to show that some- thing of the sort. . . . Even if it was only one and a half times as fast it would do." "It would do," I said. "If you were a statesman in a corner, for example, time rushing up against you, something urgent to be done, eh?" "He could dose his private secretary," I said. "And gain--double time. And think if you, for example, wanted to finish a book." "Usually," I said, "I wish I'd never begun 'em." "Or a doctor, driven to death, wants to sit down and think out a case. Or a barrister--or a man cramming for an examination." "Worth a guinea a drop," said I, "and more--to men like that." "And in a duel, again," said Gibberne, "where it all depends on your quickness in pulling the trigger." "Or in fencing," I echoed. "You see," said Gibberne, "if I get it as an all- round thing it will really do you no harm at all-- except perhaps to an infinitesimal degree it brings you nearer old age. You will just have lived twice to other peoples once-- "I suppose," I meditated, "in a duel--it would be fair?" "That's a question for the seconds," said Gib- berne. I harked back further. "And you really think such a thing is possible?" I said. "As possible," said Gibberne, and glanced at something that went throbbing by the window, "as a motorbus. As a matter of fact-" He paused and smiled at me deeply, and tapped slowly on the edge of his desk with the green phial. "I think I know the stuff. . . . Already I've got something coming." The nervous smile upon his face betrayed the gravity of his revelation. He rarely talked of his actual experimental work, unless things were very near the end. "And it may be, it may be--I shouldn't be surprised--it may even do the thing at a greater rate than twice." "It will be rather a big thing," I hazarded. "It will be, I think, rather a big thing." But I don't think he quite knew what a big thing it was to be, for all that. I remember we had several talks about the stuff after that. "The New Accelerator," he called it, and his tone about it grew more confident on each occasion. Sometimes he talked nervously of unex- pected physiological results its use might have, and then he would get a little unhappy; at others he was frankly mercenary, and we debated long and anxiously how the preparation might be turned to commercial account. "It's a good thing," said Gib- berne, "a tremendous thing. I know I'm giving the world something, and I think it only reasonable we should expect the world to pay. The dignity of science is all very well, but I think somehow I must have the monopoly of the stuff for say, ten years. I don't see why all the fun in life should go to the dealers in ham." It seemed to me that Gibberne was really pre- paring no less than the absolute acceleration of life. Suppose a man repeatedly dosed with such a preparation; he would live an active and record life indeed, but he would be an adult at eleven, middle- aged at twenty-five and by thirty well on the road to senile decay. It seemed to me that so far Gibberne was going to do for anyone who took his drug, exactly what Nature has done for the Jews an^ Orientals, who are men in their teens and aged by fifty, and quicker in thought and act than we are all the time. The marvel of drugs has always been great to my mind; you can madden a man, calm a man, make him incredibly strong and alert or a helpless log, quicken this passion and allay that, all by means of drugs, and here was a new miracle to be added to this strange armory of phials the doctors use! But Gibberne was far too eager upon 