THE SCIENTIFIC ADVENTURES of MR. FOSDICK By Jacque Morgan THE FELINE LIGHT and POWER COMPANY is ORGANIZED Mr. Fosdick and Mr. Steele are now living on two insulated stools in the laboratory of Doolittle College. Their potenial is dropping at the rate of ten volts a day. JASON Q. FOSDICK closed the book that he had received by mail that morning, "Electricity at a Glance," and for a long time stared at the blank wall of the tin- shop. Mr. Fosdick was thinking. Mr. Fosdick spent a great deal of his time in thought--probably most of his time. It was a com- mon saying in Whiffleville that "When Mr. Fosdick gets through his thinking something is going to happen!" And in this the citizens were never disappointed, for invariably when Mr. Fosdick did get through his thinking something always did happen. Everybody liked the homely little man with the kindly face and the mild blue eyes, and in all the countryside none enjoyed a greater confidence and respect SCIENCE is not the dry thing that sonic people would like us to believe. Mr. Fos- dick, in this captivating tale, demonstrates this most aptly. Did you ever stroke a cat in the dark, and watch the sparks leap between your hand and the cat's fur? Perhaps you did. But it remained for the illustrious Fos- dick to commercialize this great inherent power. The results were most amazing, as the readers will soon find out. Starting with a single cat, highly charged with electricity, see what a catastrophe--no pun intended--he brings upon himself. There is only one point we missed and that is "What electrode in the experiment was the Cathode?" than Mr. Fosdick, for he was an inventor and genius. In all matters pertaining to science he was the village authority--even a greater authority than old Pro- fessor Snooks, the fiercely bewhiskered savant of Doolittle College up on the hill. Snooks had once _ called him "a doddering tinker," but this Mr. Fosdick attributed to jealousy as did all the in- habitants of Whiffleville, for the Professor was a pompous man and an unpopular one. No fair-minded person could doubt Mr. Fosdick's versatility in the arts and crafts, for upon the signboard that hung over the sidewalk, in front of the door of the tinshop, was lettered his many accomplishments: JASON QUINCY FOSDICK Tinsmith, Key-Fitter and Scissors-Grinder 319