A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH CHAPTER II THE MYSTERIOUS PARCHMENT [runes] "I declare," cried my uncle, striking the table fiercely with his fist, "I declare to you it is Runic--and contains some wonderful secret, which I must get at, at any price." I was about to reply, when he stopped me. "Sit down," he said, quite fiercely, "and write to my dictation." I obeyed. "I will substitute," he said, "a letter of our alphabet for that of the Runic: we will then see what that will produce. Now, begin and make no mistakes." The dictation commenced with the following in- comprehensible result: m.rnlls esruel seecJde sgtssmf unteief niedrke kt,samn atrateS Saodrrn emtnael nuaect rrilSa Atvaar .nscrc ieaabs ccdrmi eeutul frantu dt,iac oseibo KediiI Scarcely giving me time to finish, my uncle snatched the document from my hands and ex- amined it with the most rapt and deep attention. "I should like to know what it means," he said, after a long period. I certainly could not tell him, nor did he expect me to--his conversation being uniformly answered by himself. "I declare it puts me in mind of a cryptograph," he cried, "unless, indeed, the letters have been written without any real meaning; and yet why take so much trouble? Who knows but I may be on the verge of some great discovery?" My candid opinion was that it was all rubbish! But this opinion I kept carefully to myself, as my uncle's choler was not pleasant to bear. All this time he was comparing the book with the parch- ment. "The manuscript volume and the smaller docu- ment are written in different hands," he said, "the cryptograph is of much later date than the book; there is an undoubted proof of the correctness of my surmise. The first letter is a double M, which was only added to the Icelandic language in the twelfth century--this makes the parchment two hundred years posterior to the volume." The circumstances appeared very probable and very logical, but it was all surmise to me. "To me it appears probable that this sentence was written by some owner of the book. Now who was the owner, is the next important question. Per- haps by great good luck it may be written some- where in the volume." With these words Professor Hardwigg took off his spectacles, and, taking a powerful magnifying glass, examined the book carefully. On the fly leaf was what appeared at first to be a blot of ink, but on examination proved to be a line of writing almost effaced by time. This was what he sought. After considerable time, he made out these letters: [runes] "Arne Saknussem!" he cried in a joyous and triumphant tone, "that is not only an Icelandic name, but the name of a learned professor of the sixteenth century, a celebrated alchemist." I bowed as a sign of respect. "These alchemists," he continued, "Avicena. Bacon, Lully, Paracelsus, were the true, the only learned men of the day. They made surprising dis- coveries. May not this Saknussem, nephew mine, have hidden on this bit of parchment some astound- ing invention? I believe the cryptograph to have a profound meaning--which I must make out." My uncle walked about the room in a state of excitement almost impossible to describe. "It may be so, sir," I timidly observed, "but why conceal it from posterity, if it be a useful, a worthy discovery?" "Why--how should I know? Did not Galileo make a secret of his discoveries in connection with Saturn? But we shall see. Until I discover the meaning of this sentence I will neither eat nor sleep." "My dear uncle--" I began. "Nor you either," he added. It was lucky I had taken double allowance that day. "In the first place," he continued, "there must be a clue to the meaning. If we could find that, the rest would be easy enough." I began seriously to reflect. The prospect of going without food and sleep was not a promising one, so I determined to do my best to solve the mystery. My uncle, meanwhile, went on with his soliloquy. "The way to discover it is easy enough. In this document there are one hundred and thirty-two let- ters, giving seventy-nine consonants to fifty-three vowels. This is about the proportion found in most southern languages, the idioms of the north being much more rich in consonants. We may confidently predict, therefore, that we have to deal with a southern dialect." Nothing could be more logical. "Now," said Professor Hardwigg, "to trace the particular language." "As Shakespeare says, 'that is the question,'" was my rather satirical reply. "This man Saknussem," he continued, "was a very learned man: now as he did not write in the language of his birth-place, he probably, like most learned men of the sixteenth century, wrote in Latin. If, however, I prove wrong in this guess, we must try Spanish, French, Italian, Greek, and even Hebrew. My own opinion, though, is decidedly in favor of Latin." This proposition startled me. Latin was my favorite study, and it seemed sacrilege to believe this gibberish to belong to the country of Virgil. "Barbarous Latin, in all probability," continued my uncle, "but still Latin." 