OFF ON A COMET 181 down close to the dial, "are you quite sure that the needle touches the point?" "Yes; look and see." "Give it a little push, please." "Why?" "Because--because--" "Well, because of what?" cried the orderly, im- patiently. "Because I think, perhaps--I am not quite sure --perhaps the scale is not quite correct." The words were not uttered before the professor, fierce as a tiger, had rushed at the Jew, had seized him by the throat, and was shaking him till he was black in the face. "Help! help!" screamed Hakkabut. "I shall be strangled." "Rascal! consummate rascal! thief! villain!" the professor reiterated, and continued to shake the Jew furiously. Ben Zoof looked on and laughed, making no at- tempt to interfere; he had no sympathy with either of the two. The sound of the scuffling, however, drew the attention of Servadac, who, followed by his com- panions, hastened to the scene. The combatants were soon parted. "What is the meaning of all this?" demanded the captain. As soon as the professor had recovered his breath, exhausted by his exertions, he said, "The old repro- bate, the rascal has cheated us! His scale is wrong! He is a thief!" Captain Servadac looked sternly at Hakkabut. "How is this, Hakkabut? Is this a fact?" "No, no--yes--no, your Excellency, only--" "He is a cheat, a thief!" roared the excited as- tronomer. "His weights deceive!" "Stop, stop!" interposed Servadac; "let us hear. Tell me, Hakkabut--" "The scale lies! It cheats! it lies" roared the irrepressible Rosette. "Tell me, Hakkabut, I say," repeated Servadac. The Jew only kept on stammering, "Yes--no--I don't know." But heedless of any interruption, the professor continued, "False weights! That confounded spring balance! It gave a false result! The mass was wrong! The observations contradicted the calcula- tions; they were wrong! She was out of place! Yes, out of place entirely." "What!" cried Servadac and Procope in a breath, "out of place?" "Yes, completely," said the professor. "Gallia out of place?" repeated Servadac, agitated with alarm. "I did not say Gallia," replied Rosette, stamping his foot impetuously; "I said Nerina." "Oh, Nerina," answered Servadac. "But what of Gallia?" he inquired, still nervously. "Gallia, of course, is on her way to the earth. I told you so. But that Jew is a rascal!" CHAPTER XV A JOURNEY AND A DISAPPOINTMENT IT was as the professor had said. From the day that Isaac Hakkabut had entered upon his mei- cantile career, his dealings had all been carried on by a system of false weight. That deceitful spring balance had been the mainspring of his for- tune. But when it had become his lot to be the pur- chaser instead of the vendor, his spirit had groaned within him at being compelled to reap the fruits of his own dishonesty. No one who had studied his character could be much surprised at the confession that was extorted from him, that for every sup- posed kilogram that he had ever sold the true weight was only 750 grams, or just five and twenty per cent. less than it ought to have been. The professor, however, had ascertained all that he wanted to know. By estimating his comet at a third as much again as its proper weight, he had found that his calculations were always at variance with the observed situation of the satellite, which was immediately influenced by the mass of its primary. But, now, besides enjoying the satisfaction of having punished old Hakkabut, Rosette was able to recommence his calculations with reference to the elements of Nerina upon a correct basis, a task too which he devoted himself with redoubled energy. It will be easily imagined that Isaac Hakkabut, thus caught in his own trap, was jeered most un- mercifully by those whom he had attempted to make his dupes. Ben Zoof, in particular, was never wearied of telling him how on his return to the world he would be prosecuted for using false weights, and would certainly become acquainted with the inside of a prison. Thus badgered, he secluded himself more than ever in his dismal hole, never venturing, except when absolutely obliged, to face the other members of the community. On the 7th of October the comet re-entered the zone of the telescopic planets, one of which had been captured as a satellite, and the origin of the whole of which is most probably correctly attributed to the disintegration of some large planet that for- merly revolved between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. By the beginning of the following month half of this zone had been traversed, and only two months remained before the collision with the earth was to be expected. The temperature was now rare- ly below 12° below zero, but that was far too cold to permit the slightest symptoms of a thaw. The surface of the sea remained as frozen as ever, and the two vessels, high up on their icy pedestals, re- mained unaltered in their critical position. It was about this time that the question began to be mooted whether it would not be right to reopen some communication with the Englishmen at Gi- braltar. Not that any doubt was entertained as to their having been able successfully to cope with the rigors of the winter; but Captain Servadac, in a way that did honor to his generosity, represented that, however uncourteous might have been their former behavior, it was at least due to them that they should be informed of the true condition of things, which they had no opportunity of learning; and, moreover, that they should be invited to co- operate with the population of Nina's Hive, in the event of any measures being suggested by which the shock of the approaching collision could be mitigated. The count and the lieutenant both heartily con- curred in Servadac's sentiments of humanity and prudence, and all agreed that if the intercourse were to be opened at all, no time could be so suitable as the present, while the surface of the sea presented 