A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 209 problem. My situation, after all sophistry and re- flection, had finally to be summed up in three awful words--Lost! LOST!! LOST!!! Lost at a depth which, to my infinite understand- ing, appeared to be immeasurable. These thirty leagues of the crust of the earth weighed upon my shoulders like the globe on the shoulders of Atlas. I felt myself crushed by the awful weight. It was in- deed a position to drive the sanest man to madness. I tried to bring my thoughts back to the things of the world so long forgotten. It was with the great- est difficulty that I succeeded in doing so. Ham- burg, the house on the Konigstrasse, my dear cousin Gretchen--all that world which had before vanished like a shadow floated before my now vivid imagina- tion. There they were before me, but how unreal. Under the influence of a terrible hallucination I saw the whole incidents of our journey pass before me like the scenes of a panorama. The ship and its inmates, Iceland, M. Fridriksson, and the great summit of Mount Sneffels! I said to myself that if in my position, I retained the most faint and shadowy outline of a hope it would be a sure sign of approaching delirium. It were better to give way wholly to despair! In fact, if I reasoned with calmness and philos- ophy, what human power was there in existence able to take me back to the surface of the earth, and ready too, to split asunder those huge and mighty vaults which stood above my head? Who could en- able me to find my road--and regain my compan- ions? Insensate folly and madness to entertain even a shadow of hope! "Oh, uncle!" was my despairing cry. This was the only word of reproach which came to my lips; for I thoroughly understood how deeply and sor- rowfully the worthy Professor would regret my being lost, and how in his turn he would patiently seek for me. When I at last began to resign myself to the fact that no further aid was to be expected from mail, and knowing that I was utterly powerless to do any- thing for my own salvation, I kneeled with earnest fervor and asked assistance from Heaven. The re- membrance of my innocent childhood, the memory of my mother, known only in my infancy, came well- ing forth from my heart. I had recourse to prayer. And little as I had right to be remembered by Him whom I had forgotten in the hour of prosperity, and whom I so tardily invoked, I prayed earnestly and sincerely. This renewal of my youthful faith brought about a much greater amount of calm, and I was en- abled to concentrate all my strength and intelli- gence on the terrible realities of my unprecedented situation. I had about me that which I had at first wholly forgotten--three days' provisions. More- over, my water bottle was quite full. Nevertheless, the one thing which it was impossible to do was to remain alone. Try to find my companions I must, at any price. But which course should I take? Should I go upwards, or again descend? Doubtless it was right to retrace my steps in an upward direc- tion. By doing this with care and coolness, I must reach the point where I had turned away from the rippl- ing stream. I must find the fatal bifurcation or fork. Once at this spot, once the river at my feet, I could, at all events, regain the awful crater of Mount Sneffels. Why had I not thought of this be- fore? This, at last, was a reasonable hope of safety. The most important thing, then, to be done was to discover the bed of the Hans-bach. After a slight meal and a draught of water, I rose like a giant refreshed. Leaning heavily on my pole, I began the ascent of the gallery. TTie slope was very steep and rather difficult. But I advanced hopefully and carefully like a man who at last is making his way out of a forest, and knows there is only one road to follow. During one whole hour nothing happened to check my progress. As I advanced I tried to recol- lect the shape of the tunnel--to recall to my mem- ory certain projections of rocks--to persuade my- self that I had followed certain winding routes be- fore. But no one particular sign could I bring to mind, and I was soon forced to allow that this gal- lery would never take me back to the point at which I had separated myself from my companions. It was absolutely without issue--a mere blind alley in the earth. The moment at length came when, facing the solid rock, I knew my fate, and fell inanimate on the arid floor! To describe the horrible .state of despair and fear into which I then fell would now be vain and im- possible. My last hope, the courage which had sus- tained me, drooped before the sight of'this pitiless granite rock! Lost in a vast labyrinth, the sinuosi- ties of which spread in every direction, without guide, clue or compass, it was a vain and useless task to attempt flight. All that remained to me was to lie down and die. To lie down and die the most cruel and horrible of deaths! In my state of mind, the idea came into my head that one day perhaps, when my fossil bones were found, their discovery so far below the level of the earth might give rise to solemn and interesting scientific discussions. I tried to cry aloud, but hoarse, hollow and inarticulate sounds alone could make themselves heard through my parched lips. I literally panted for breath. In the midst of all these horrible sources of an- guish and despair, a new horror took possession of my soul. My lamp, by falling down, had gotten out of order. I had no means of repairing it. Its light was already becoming paler and paler, and soon would expire. With a strange sense of resignation and despair, I watched the luminous current in the coil getting less and less. A procession of shadows moved flashing along the granite wall. I scarcely dared to lower my eyelids, fearing to lose the last spark of this fugutive light. Every instant it seemed to me that it was about to vanish and to leave me forever--in utter darkness! At last, one final trembling flame remained in the lamp; I followed it with all my power of vision; I gasped for breath; I concentrated upon it all the power of my soul, as upon the last scintillation of light I was ever destined to see; and then I was to be lost forever in Cimmerian and tenebrous shades. A wild and plaintive cry escaped my lips. On earth during the most profound and comparatively complete darkness, light never allows a complete destruction and extinction of its power. Light is so diffuse, so subtle, that it permeates everywhere, 