326 AMAZING STORIES "I must have military protection for my mine and reducing works," replied Dr. Syx. "Then I shall ask the return of one per cent, on the circulat- ing medium, together with the privilege of dispos- ing of a certain amount of the metal--to be limited by agreement--to the public for use in the arts. Of the proceeds of this sale I will pay ten per cent, to the government in consideration of its protection." "But," exclaimed President Boon, "that will make you the richest man who ever lived!" "Undoubtedly," was the reply. "Why," added Mr. Boon, opening his eyes wider as the facts continued to dawn upon him, "you will become the financial dictator of the whole earth!" "Undoubtedly," again responded Dr. Syx, un- moved. "That is what I purpose to become. My discovery entitles me to no less. But, remember, I place myself under government inspection and re- striction. I should not be allowed to flood the market, even if I were disposed to do so. But my own interest would restrain me. It is to my ad- vantage that artemisium, once adopted, shall re- main stable in value." A shadow of doubt suddenly crossed the presi- dent's face. "Suppose your secret is discovered," he said. "Surely your mine will not remain the only one. If you, in so short a time, have been able to accum- ulate an immense quantity of the new metal, it must be extremely abundant. Others will discover it, and then where shall we be?" While Mr. Boon uttered these words, those who were watching Dr. Syx (as the president was not) resembled persons whose startled eyes are fixed up- on a wild beast preparing to spring. As Mr. Boon ceased speaking he turned towards the visitor, and instantly his lips fell apart and his face paled. Dr. Syx, the Visitor, is Imperious DR. Syx had drawn himself up to his full stat- ure, and his features were distorted with that peculiar mocking smile which had now returned with a concentrated expression of mingled self-confidence- and1 disdain. "Will you have relief, or not?" he asked' in a dry, hard voice. "What can you do ? I alone possess the secret which can restore industry and commerce- If you reject my offer, do you think a second one will come?" President Boon found voice to reply, stammer- ingly: "I did not mean, to suggest a rejection of the of- fer. I only wished, to. inquire if you thought it probable that there would be no repetition of what occurred after gold was found at the south pole?" "The earth may be full of my metal," returned Dr. Syx, almost fiercely, "but so long as I alone possess the knowledge how to extract it, is it of any more worth than common dirt? But come," he added, after a pause and softening his manner, "I have other schemes. Will you as representatives of the leading nations, undertake the introduction of artemisium as a substitute for gold, or will you not?" "Can we not have time for deliberation?" asked President Boon. "Yes, one hour. Within that time I shall return to learn your decision," replied Dr. Syx, rising and preparing to depart. "I leave these things," point- ing to the tray, "in your keeping, and," significantly, "I trust your decision will be a wise one." His curious smile again curved his lips and shot the ends of his mustache upward, and the influence of that smile remained in the room when he bad closed the door behind him. The financiers gazed at one another for several minutes in silence, then they turned towards the coruscating metal that filled the tray. CHAPTER III The Teton Mountains AWAY on the western border of Wyoming, in the all but inaccessible heart of the Rocky Mountains, three mighty brothers, "the Big Tetons," look perpendicularly into the blue eye of Jenny's Lake, lying at the bottom of the profound depression among the mountains called Jackson's Hole. Bracing against one another for support, these remarkable peaks lift their granite spires from 12,000 to nearly 14,000 feet into the blue dome that arches the crest of the continent. Their sides, and especially those of their chief, the Grand Teton, are streaked with glaciers, which- shine like silver trap- pings when the morning sun comes up above the wilderness of mountains stretching away eastward from the hole. When the first white men penetrated this wonder- ful region, and one of them bestowed his wife's name upon Jenny's Lake, they were intimidated by the Grand Teton. It made their flesh creep, ac- customed though, they were to rough scrambling among mountain gorges and on the brows of im- mense precipices, when they glanced up the face of the peak, where the cliffs fall, one below another, in a series of breathless descents, and imagined themselves clinging for dear life to those skyey battlements. But when, in 1872, Messrs. Stevenson and Lang- ford finally reached the top of the Grand Teton -- the only successfu' members of a party of nine practised climbers who had started together from the bottom--they found there a little rectangular enclosure, made by piling up rocks, six or seven feet across and three feet in height, bearing evidences of great age, and indicating that the red Indians had, for some unknown purpose, resorted to the summit of this tremendous peak long before the white men invaded their mountains. Yet neither the Indians nor the whites ever really conquered the Teton, for above the highest point that they at- tained rises a granite buttress, whose smooth verti- cal sides seemed to them to defy everything but wings. Winding across the sage-covered floor of. Jackson's Hole runs the Shoshone, or Snake River, which takes its rise from Jackson's Lake at the northern end of the basin, and then, as if shrinking from the threatening brows of the Tetons, whose fall would block its progress makes a detour of one hundred miles around the buttressed heights of the range before it finds a clear way across Idaho, and so on to the Columbia River and the Pacific Ocean.