AN EXPERIMENT IN GYRO-HATS 271 of home, and then suddenly turn the platform in the direction the mule was desired to go, and the mule would proceed, unwittingly in that direction." "A very excellent idea," I said. "Except that it would not work in the least," said Walsingham. "In the first place, it was necessary to dig a pit five feet square beneath the revolving platform to contain the motor, and this was not al- ways convenient. In the second place, the platform and motor would hardly ever happen to be where the mule balked, and it would have been a great deal easier to load the mule on a wagon than to load the platform and motor on three wagons. And in the third place, if the mule would not start homeward, neither would it start towards the platform of the Mule Reverser. "So, after my father had tried the platform in our back yard, with a mule on it, and the revolutions had thrown the mule up against the side of the barn, breaking both the mule and the bam, he de- cided that other things were better to invent and abandoned the platform. I and the lads of the neighborhood found this a good place to play, and one day I was standing exactly in the center of the platform when one of the boys happened to start the motor. I had sense enough to remain exactly in the center of the platform, or I would have been thrown off, and possibly killed, for the platform was revolving at the rate of eight.thousand revolutions a minute. The motor had power to re- volve the platform slowly when loaded with a mule and loaded wagon, so it was capable of immense speed with only a small boy on it. "When my companions saw what they had done," continued Walsingham, "they all ran away, and for four hours I remained in the center of that platform, being revolved at an enormous speed, and when my father came home and stopped the plat- form I staggered and reeled and fell in a heap at his feet. That is how I acquired my unfortunate stagger and unpleasant reel, and I have only told you this that you may have no unjust suspicions." "But why," asked my wife, who had been greatly interested by Walsingham's story, "do you not re- volve in the opposite direction, and 'unwind' your- self as we used to say?" "Madame," said Walsingham, "I have. Every night, for one hour before I go to bed I revolve, but it requires an immense number of revolutions to overcome such a spin as I had in my youth." He waited a moment and then said: "But I am now ready to try the gyro-hat." I looked out of the window, and hesitated. A thin rain was falling and was freezing as it fell, and I hated to have a good, silk, gyro-hat go out into such weather; but as a leading hatter I felt that it would never do for me to seem small and picayun- ish in regard to hats. I remembered that a really good silk hat would not be ruined by a few drops of water; and I saw that if anything could convince Anne and Walsingham that the gyro-hat held their happiness, it would be a trial on such slippery walks as the evening had provided. So I brought down the hat and pressed it on Wals- ingham's head. Instantly the vacuum creator be- gan to work and the hat clung fast to his head. He arose to his feet and walked across the parlor in a perfectly steady manner, and out into the hall. I held open the front door and he stepped out. Walsingham crossed the porch with as steady a tread as ever any man crossed the porch of a high- class hatter, but when he reached the top step his foot struck the ice and he slipped. He did not stagger nor reel. If he fell, he fell steadily. I can best liken his fall to the action of a limber reed when the wind strikes it. He inclined slowly, with his feet still on the top step, and continued to in- cline until his head touched the walk below with considerable violence; then his feet slipped down the edges of the steps until they rested on the walk. I never saw a more graceful fall, and I was about to congratulate Walsingham, when he began to in- cline toward the perpendicular again, in the same slow manner. But this was not the reason I held my words. 'Ehe reason was that the gyro-hat and Walsingham were behaving in a most unaccountable manner. Walsingham was revolving. I discovered later that the fall had jammed the gyroscope on the pivot so that the gyroscope could not revolve without revolving the whole hat, and as the hat was firmly suctioned to Walsingham, the hat could not revolve without revolving Walsing- ham. For an instant Walsingham revolved away from us down the walk, and Anne gave a great cry; but almost at that moment Walsingham regained the upright and began to revolve rapidly. The icy walk offered no purchase for his feet, and this was indeed lucky; for if it had, his head would have continued to revolve none the less, and the effect would have been fatal. I estimated that Walsingham was revolving at a rate of perhaps fifteen hundred revolutions a' minute, and it was some minutes before my wife was able so far to recover from the shock of seeing her prospective son-in-law whirl thus as to ask me to stop him. My first impulse was to do so, but my long training as a hatter had made me a careful, thoughtful man, and I gently pushed my wife back. "My dear," I said, "let us pause and consider this case. Here we have Walsingham revolving rapidly. He is revolving in one of the only two directions in which he can revolve--the direction in which he revolved on the Mule Reverser, or the opposite di- rection. If it is the opposite direction all is well, for he will be unwound in a few hours, if his neck is not wrung in the meantime. If it is in the same direction it is no use to stop him now, for by this time he will be in such a condition of reeling and staggering that we would not have him as a son- in-law on any terms. I propose, therefore, to let him spin here for a few hours, when he will .have had a full recovery or be permanently too dizzy for any use." My wife, and Anne too, saw the wisdom of this course, and as it was very miserable weather out- side we all withdrew to my parlor, from the window of which we could watch Walsingham revolve. Oc- casionally, when he seemed about to revolve off the walk, I went out and pushed him on again. I figured that by six o'clock in the morning he would be sufficiently revolved--provided he was re- volving in the right direction--and at midnight I sent my wife and Anne to bed. I fear Anne slept but little that night, for she must have had a lover's natural anxiety as to how all was to turn out. (Continued on page 287) 