204 AMAZING STORIES my uncle nor I could have undertaken. Our impa- tience was so great, that if we had once begun with pickax and crowbar, the rock would soon have split into a hundred fragments. The guide, on the con- trary, calm, ready, moderate, wore away the hard rock by little steady blows of his instrument, mak- ing no attempt at a larger hole than about six inches. As I stood, I heard, or thought I heard, the roar of the torrent momentarily increasing in loud- ness, and at times I almost felt the pleasant sensa- tion of water upon my parched lips. At the end of what appeared an age, Hans had made a hole, which enabled his crowbar to enter two feet into the solid rock. He had been at work ex- actly an hour. It appeared a dozen. I was getting wild with impatience. My uncle began to think of using more violent measures. I had the greatest difficulty in checking him.' He had indeed just got hold of his crowbar when a loud and welcome hiss was heard. Then a stream, or rather a jet of water- burst through the wall and came out with such force as to hit the opposite side! Hans, the guide, who was half upset by the shock, was scarcely able to keep down a cry of pain and grief. I understood his meaning when, plung- ing my hands into the sparkling jet, I myself gave a wild and frantic cry. The water was scalding hot! "Boiling," I cried, in bitter disappointment. "Well, never mind," said my uncle, "it will soon get cool." The tunnel began to be filled by clouds of vapor, while a small stream ran away into the interior of the earth. In a short time we had some sufficiently cool to drink. We swallowed it in huge mouthfuls. Oh what exalted delight--what rich and incom- parable luxury! What was this water, whence did it come? To us what was that? The simple fact was--- it was water; and, though still with a tinge of warmth about it, it brought back to the hea^t, that life which, but for it, must surely have faded away. I drank greedily, almost without tasting it. ,f» When I had almost quenched by ravenous thirst, I made a discovery. "Why, it is ferruginous water." "Most excellent stomachic," replied my uncle, "and highly mineralized. Here is a journey worth twenty to Spa." "It's very good," I replied. "I should think so. Water found six miles under ground. There is a peculiarly inky flavor about it, which is by no means disagreeable. Hans may con- gratulate himself on having made a rare discovery. What do you say, nephew, according to the usual custom of travelers, to name the stream after him?" "Good," said I. And the name of "Hans-bach" was at once agreed upon. Hans was not a bit more proud after hearing our determination than he was before. After having taken a very small modicum of the welcome refresh- ment, he had seated himself in a corner with his usual imperturable gravity. "Now," said I, "it is not worth while letting this water run to waste." "What is the use," replied my uncle, "the source from which this river rises is inexhaustible." "Never mind," I continued, "let us fill our goat skin and gourds, and then try to stop the opening up." My plan, after some hesitation, was followed or attempted. Hans picked up all the broken pieces of granite he had knocked out, and using some tow he happened to have about him, tried to shut up the fissure he had made in the wall. All he did was tc scald his hands. The pressure was too great, and ali our attempts were utter failures. "It is evident," I remarked, "that the upper sur- face of these springs is situated at a very great height above--as we may fairly infer from the great pressure of the jet." "That is by no means doubtful," replied my uncle, "if this column of water is about thirty-iwo thous- and feet high, the pressure per square inch must be something enormous. But a new idea has just struck me." "And what is that?" "Why be at so much trouble to close this aper- ture?" "Because-" I hesitated and stammered, having no real reason. "When our water bottles are empty, we are not at all sure that we shall be able to fill them," ob- served my uncle. "I think that is very probable." "Well, then, let this water run. It will, of course, naturally follow in our track, and will serve to guide and refresh us." "I think the idea a good one," I cried, in reply, "and with this rivulet as a Companion, there is no further reason why we should not succeed in our marvellous project." "Ah, my boy," said the professor, laughing, "after all, you are coming round." "More than that, I am now confident of ultimate success. Forward." "One moment, nephew mine. Let us begin by taking some hours of repose." I had utterly forgotten that it was night. The chronometer, however, informed me of the fact. Soon we were sufficiently restored and refreshed, and had all fallen into a profound sleep. CHAPTER XXI Under the Ocean BY the next day we had nearly forgotten our past sufferings. The first sensation I ex- perienced was surprise at not being thirsty, and I actually asked myself the reason. The run- ning stream, which flowed in rippling wavelets at my feet, was the satisfactory reply. We breakfasted with a good appetite, and then drank our fill of the excellent water. I felt myself quite a new man, ready to go anywhere my uncle chose to lead. I began to think. Why should not a man as seriously convinced as my uncle, succeed, with so excellent a guide as worthy Hans, and so devoted a nephew as myself? These were the bril- liant ideas which invaded my brain. Had the prop- osition now been made to go back to the summit of Mount Sneffels, I should have declined the offer in a most indignant manner. But unfortunately there was no question of going up. We were about to descend farther into the interior of the earth. "Let us be moving," I cried, awakening the echoes of the old world. We resumed our march on Thursday at eight o'clock in the morning. The great granite tunnel went round by sinuous and winding ways, present- 