170 AMAZING STORIES strange, yet a transient, excursion through solar regions hitherto untraversed; but if the professor's calculations were correct--and why should they be doubted?--their little vessel was destined, after a two years' absence, once more to return "to port." The landing, indeed, might be a matter of difficulty; but with the good prospect before them of once again standing on terrestrial shores, they had noth- ing to do at present except to make themselves as comfortable as they could in their present quarters. Thus confident in their anticipations, neither the captain, the count, nor the lieutenant felt under any serious obligation to make any extensive provisions for the future; they saw no necessity for expend- ing the strength of the people, during the short summer that would intervene upon the long severity of winter, in the cultivation or the preservation of their agricultural resources. Nevertheless they often found themselves talking over the measures they would have been driven to adopt, if they had found themselves permanently attached to their present home. Even after the turning-point in their career, they knew that at least nine months would have to elapse before the sea would be open to navigation; but at the very first arrival of summer they would be bound to arrange for the Dobryna and the Hansa to retransport themselves and all their animals to the shores of Gourbi Island, where they would have to commence their agricultural labors to secure the crops that must form their winter store. During four months or thereabouts, they would lead the lives of farmers and of sportsmen; but no sooner would their haymaking and their corn harvest have been accomplished, than they would be compelled again, like a swarm of bees, to retire to their semi- troglodyte existence in the cells of Nina's Hive. Now and then the captain and his friends found themselves speculating whether, in the event of their having to spend another winter upon Gallia, some means could not be devised by which the dreariness of a second residence in the recesses of the volcano might be escaped. Would not another exploring expedition possibly result in the discovery of a vein of coal or other combustible matter, which could be turned to account in warming some erection which they might hope to put up? A prolonged existence in their underground quarters was felt to be monotonous and depressing, and although it might be all very well for a man like Professor Rosette, absorbed in astronomical studies, it was ill suited to the temperaments of any of themselves for any longer period than was absolutely indispensable. One contingency there was, almost too terrible to be taken into account. Was it not to be expected that the time might come when the internal fires of Gallia would lose their activity, and the stream of lava would consequently cease to flow? Why should Gallia be exempt from the destiny that seemed to await every other heavenly body? Why should it not roll onwards, like the moon, a dark cold mass in space? In the event of such a cessation of the volcanic eruption, whilst the comet was still at so great a distance from the sun, they would indeed be at a loss to find a substitute for what alone had served to render life endurable at a temperature of 60° below zero. Happily, however, there was at present no symptom of the subsidence of the lava's stream; the volcano continued its regular and unchanging dis- charge, and Servadac, ever sanguine, declared that it was useless to give themselves any anxiety upon the matter. On the 15th of December, Gallia was 276,000,000 leagues from the sun, and, as it was approximately to the extremity of its axis major, would travel only some 11,000,000 or 12,000,000 leagues during the month. Another world was now becoming a con- spicuous object in the heavens, and Palmyrin Ro- sette, after rejoicing in an approach nearer to Jupiter than any other mortal man had ever at- tained, was now to be privileged to enjoy a similar opportunity of contemplating the planet Saturn. Not that the circumstances were altogether so favorable. Scarcely 31,000,000 miles had separated Gallia from Jupiter, the minimum distance of Saturn would not be less than 415,000,000 miles; but even this dis- tance, although too great to affect the comet's prog- ress more than had been duly reckoned on, was con- siderably shorter than what had ever separated Saturn from the earth. To get any information about the planet from Ro- sette appeared quite impossible. Although equally by night and by day he never seemed to quit his telescope, he did not evince the slightest inclination to impart the results of his observations. It was only from the few astronomical works that hap- pened to be included in the Dobryna's library that any details could be gathered, but these were suffi- cient to give a large amount of interesting informa- tion. Ben Zoof, when he was made aware that the earth would be invisible to the naked eye from the surface of Saturn, declared that he then, for his part, did not care to learn any more about such a planet; to him it was indispensable that the earth should remain in sight, and it was his great con- solation that hitherto his native sphere had never vanished from his gaze. At this date Saturn was revolving at a distance of 420,000,000 miles from Gallia, and consequently 874,440,000 miles from the sun, receiving only a hundredth part of the light and heat which that luminary bestows upon the earth. On consulting their books of reference, the colonists found that Saturn completes its revolution round the sun in a period of 29 years and 167 days, traveling at the rate of more than 21,000 miles an hour along an orbit measuring 5,490 millions of miles in length. Its circumference is about 220,000 miles; its superficies, 144,000 millions of square miles; its volume, 143,846 millions of cubic miles. Saturn is 735 times larger than the earth, consequently it is smaller than Jupiter; in mass it is only 90 times greater than the earth, which gives it a density less than that of water. It revolves on its axis in 10 hours 29 minutes, and its own year consists of 86,630 days; and its seasons, on account of the great inclination of its axis to the plane of its orbit, are each of the length of seven terrestrial years. Although the light received from the sun is com- paratively feeble, the nights upon Saturn must be splendid. Eight satellites -- Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, Rhea, Titan, Hyperion, and Japetus --accompany the planet; Mimas, the nearest to its primary, rotating on its axis in 22½ hours, and revolving at a distance of only 120,800 miles, whilst Japetus, the most remote, occupies 79 days in its 