MESMERIC REVELATION 125 more sceptical than before. I had been advised to study Cousin. I studied him in his own works as well as in those of his European and American echoes. The 'Charles Elwood' of Mr. Brownson, for example, was placed in my hands. I read it with profound attention. Throughout I found it logical, but the portions which were not merely logical were unhappily the initial arguments of the dis- believing hero of the book. In his summing up it seemed evident to me that the reasoner had not even succeeded in convincing himself. His end had plainly forgotten his beginning, like the govern- ment of Trinculo. In short, I was not long in per- ceiving that if man is to be intellectually convinced of his own immortality, he will never be so con- vinced by the mere abstractions which have been so long the fashion of the moralists of England, of France, and of Germany. Abstractions may amuse and exercise, but take no hold on his mind. Here upon earth, at least philosophy, I am persuaded, will always in vain call upon us to look upon qualities as things. The will may assent--the soul--the in- tellect, never. "I repeat, then, that I only half felt, and never intellectually believed. But latterly there has been a certain deepening of the feeling, until it has come so nearly to resemble the acquiescence of reason, that I find it difficult to distinguish between the two. I am enabled, too, plainly to trace effect to the mesmeric influence. I cannot better explain this my meaning than by the hypothesis that the mes- meric exaltation enables me to perceive a train of ratiocination which, in my abnormal existence, con- vinces, but which, in full accordance with the mes- meric phenomena, does not extend, except through its effect, into my normal condition. In sleep-wak- ing, the reasoning and its conclusion--the cause and its effect--are present together. In my natural state, the cause vanishing, the effect only, and per- haps only partially, remains. "These considerations have led me to think that some good results might ensue from a series of well-directed questions propounded to me while mesmerized. You have often observed the profound self-cognizance observed by the sleep-waker--the extensive knowledge he displays upon all points re- lating to the mesmeric condition itself; and from this self-cognizance may be deduced hints for the proper conduct of a catechism." I consented, of course, to make this experiment. A few passes threw Mr. Van Kirk into the mesmeric sleep. His breathing became immediately more easy, and he seemed to suffer no physical uneasi- ness. The following conversation then ensued:--V. in the dialogue representing the patient, and P. myself. P. Are you asleep? V. Yes--no; I would rather sleep more soundly. P. [After a few more passes.] Do you sleep now?" V. Yes. P. How do you think your present illness will result? V. [After a long hesitation and speaking as if with effort.] I must die. P. Does the idea of death afflict you? P. [Very quickly.] No--no! P. Are you pleased with the prospect? V. If I were awake I should like to die, but now it is no matter. The mesmeric condition is so near death as to content me. P. I wish you would explain yourself, Mr. Van Kirk. V. I am willing to do so, but it requires more effort than I feel able to make. You do not question me properly. P. What then shall I ask? V. You must begin at the beginning. P. The beginning! but where is the beginning? V. You know that the beginning is God. [This was said in a low, fluctuating tone, and with every sign of the most profound veneration.] P. What then is God? V. [Hesitating for many minutes.] I cannot tell. P. Is not God spirit? V. While I was awake, I knew what you meant by "spirit," but now it seems only a wor[d]--such for instance as truth, beauty--a quality, I mean. P. Is not God immaterial? V. There is no immateriality--it is a mere word. That which is not matter, is not at all--unless quali- ties are things. P. Is God, then, material? V. No. [This reply startled me very much.] P. What then is he? V. [After a long pause and mutteringly.] I see-- but it is a thing difficult to tell. [Another long pause.] He is not spirit, for he exists. Nor is he matter, as you understand it. But there are grada- tions of matter of which man knows nothing; the grosser impelling the finer, the finer pervading the grosser. The atmosphere, for example, impels the electric principle, while the electric principle per- meates the atmosphere. These gradations of mat- ter increase in rarity of fineness, until we arrive at a matter unparticled -- without particles -- undivi- sible--one; and here the law of impulsion and per- meation is modified. The ultimate, or unparticled matter, not only permeates all things but impels all things--and thus is all things within itself. This matter is God. What men attempt to embody in the word "thought," is this matter in motion. P. The metaphysicians maintain that all action is reducible to motion and thinking, and that the latter is the origin of the former. V. Yes; and I now see the confusion of idea. Mo- tion is the action of mind--not of thinking. The unparticled matter, or God, in quiescence, is (as nearly as we can conceive it) what men call mind. And the power of self-movement (equivalent in effect to human volition) is, in the unparticled mat- ter, the result of its unity and omniprevalence; how I know not, and now clearly see that I shall never know. But the unparticled matter, set in motion by law, or quality, existing within itself, is thinking. P. Can you give me no more precise idea of what you term the unparticled matter? V. The matters of which man is cognizant, escape the senses in gradation. We have, for example, a metal, a piece of wood, a drop of water, the atmos- phere, a gas, caloric, electricity, the luminiferous ether. Now we call all these things matter, and embrace all matter in one general definition; but in spite of this, there can be no two ideas more essen- tially distinct than that which we attach to a metal, and that which we attach to the luminiferous ether. When we reach the latter, we feel an almost irre- sistible inclination to class it with spirit, or with 