A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 225 pass. It roared; it yelled; it shrieked with glee as of demons let loose. The darkness increased and became indeed darkness visible. The raft rose and fell with the storm, and bound- ed over the waves. My uncle was cast headlong up- on the deck. With great difficulty I dragged my- self towards him. He was holding on with might and main to the end of a cable, and appeared to gaze with pleasure and delight at the spectacle of the unchained elements. Hans never moved a muscle. His long hair driv- en hither and thither by the tempest and scattered wildly over his motionless face, gave him a most extraordinary appearance--for every single hair was illuminated by little sparkling sprigs. His countenance presented the extraordinary appear- ance of an antediluvian man, a true contemporary of the megatherium. Still the mast holds good against the storm. The sail spreads out and fills like a soap bubble about to burst. The raft rushes on at a pace impossible to estimate. "The sail, the sail!" I cried, making a trumpet of my hands, and then endeavoring to lower it. "Let it alone!" said my uncle, more exasperated than ever. "Nej," said Hans, gently shaking his head. The rain formed a roaring cataract before this horizon of which we were in search, and to which we were rushing like madmen. But before this wilderness of waters reached us, the mighty veil of cloud was torn in twain; the sea began to foam wildly. To the fearful claps of thunder were added dazzling flashes of lightning, such as I had never seen. The flashes crossed one another, hurled from every side; while the thunder came pealing like an echo. The mass of vapor becomes incandescent; the hail-stones which strike the metal of our boots and our weapons, are actually luminous; the waves they rise appear to be fire-eating monsters, 'be- neath which seethes an intense fire, their cNfcts surmounted by combs of flame. My eyes are dazzled, blinded by the intensity of light, my ears are deaf- ened by the awful roar of the elements. I am com- pelled to hold on to the mast, which bends like a reed beneath the violence of the storm, to which none ever before seen by mariners bore any re- semblance. Here my traveling notes become very incomplete, loose and vague. I have only been able to make out one or two fugitive observations, dotted down in a mere mechanical way. But even their brevity, even their obscurity, show the emotions which overcame me. Sunday, August 23d. Where have we got to? In what region are we wandering? We are still car- ried forward with inconceivable rapidity. The night has been fearful, something not to be de- scribed. The storm shows no signs of cessation. We exist in the midst of an uproar which has no name. The detonations as of artillery are incessant. Our ears literally bleed. We are unable to exchange a word or hear each other speak. The light never ceases to flash for a single instant. I can see the zigzags after a rapid dart, strike the arched roof of this mightiest of mighty vaults. If it were to give way and fall upon us! Other lightnings plunge their forked streaks in every direction, and take the form of globes of fire, which explode like bomb- shells over a beleaguered city. The general crash and roar do not apparently increase; it has already gone far beyond what human ear can appreciate. If all the powder-magazines in the world were to explode together, it would be impossible for us to hear worse noise. There is a constant emission of light from the storm-clouds; the electric matter is incessantly re- leased; innumerable columns of water rush up like waterspouts; and fall back upon the surface of the ocean in foam. Whither are we going? My uncle still lies at full length upon the raft, without speak- ing--without taking any note of time. Monday, August 24. This terrible storm will never end. Why should not this state of the at- mosphere, so dence and murky, once modified, be- come permanent? We are utterly broken and harassed by fatigue. Hans remains just as usual. The raft runs to the south-east invariably. We have already gone two hundred leagues from the newly-discovered island. About twelve o'clock the storm becomes worse than ever. We are obliged to fasten every bit of cargo tightly on the deck of the raft, or everything would be swept away. We tie ourselves to the mast, each man lashing the other. The waves drive over us, so that several times we are actually under water. We had been under the painful necessity of ab- staining from speech for three days and three nights. We opened our mouths, we moved our lips, but no sound came. Even when we placed our mouths to each other's ears it was the same. The wind carried the voice away. My uncle once con- trived to get his head close to mine after several alirrost vain endeavors. He appeared to my nearly exhausted senses to articulate some word. I had a jiotion, more from intuition than anything else, that he said to me, "we are lost." I took out my note book, from which under the most desperate circumstances I never parted, and wyote a few words as legibly as I could--"Take in sail." With a deep sigh he nodded his head and acquiesced. His head had scarcely time to fall back in the position from which he had momentarily raised it, when a disc or ball of fire appeared on the very edge of the raft--our devoted, our doomed craft. The mast and sail were carried away bodily, and I saw them swept away to a prodigious height like a kite. We were frozen, actually shivering with terror. The ball of fire, haft white, half azure-colored, about the size of a ten-inch bomb-shell, moved along, turn- ing with prodigious rapidity to leeward of the storm. It ran about here, there and everywhere, it clambered up one of the bulwarks of the raft, it leaped upon the sack of provisions, and then finally descended lightly, fell like a foot ball and landed on our powder barrel. Horrible situation. An explosion now seemed inevitable. The dazzling disc moved to one side, it approached Hans, who looked at it with singular fixity; then it approached my uncle, who cast him- self on his knees to avoid it; it came towards me, as 