64 AMAZING STORIES your little journey soon that I may quickly know its results. Have you any affairs you would like to put in order, in case--" "None," I said. I was always ready for these ex- periments. And though this promised to be magni- ficently momentous, I was all ready. "No, if I re- turn in a few hours, I shall find everything all right. If not, I am still prepared." He beamed in ap- proval. "Fine. Of course you understand that our ex- periment must take place at some secluded spot. If you are ready, we can proceed at once to a coun- try laboratory of mine that will, I think, be safe." I assented, and we hastily donned our overcoats, the Professor spending a moment or two collecting some necessary apparatus. Then we packed the ma- chine in a safe box, and left his home. "Are you all ready, Kirby?" The Professor's voice was firm, but my practiced ear could detect the slightest vibrations that indicated to me his in- tense inner feelings. I hesitated a moment. I was not afraid of going. Never that. But there seemed something partaking almost of finality about this departure. It was different from anything I had ever felt before. "All ready, Professor," I said cheerfully after a brief moment. "Are you going to magnify or minimize your- self?" "It shall be growth," I answered, without a mo- ment's hesitation there. The stars, and what lay beyond. ... It was that I cared for. The Profes- sor looked at me earnestly, deeply engrossed in thought. Finally he said, "Kirby, if you are to make an excursion into interstellar space, you realize that not only would you freeze to death, but also die from' lack of air." Walking to a cabinet in the rear of the room, he opened it and withdrew from it some strange look- ing paraphernalia. "This," he said, holding up a queer looking suit, "is made of a great quantity of interlocking metal cells, hermetically sealed, from which the air has been completely exhausted so as to give the cells a high vacuum. These separate cells are then woven into the fabric. When you wear this suit, you will, in fact, be enclosed in a sort of thermos bottle. No heat can leave this suit, and the most intensive cold cannot penetrate through it." I quickly got into the suit, which was not as heavy as one might imagine. It covered not only the en- tire body, but the feet and hands as well, the hand part being a sort of mitten. After I had gotten into the suit, the Professor placed over my head a sort of transparent dome which he explained was made of strong unbreak- able bakelite. The globe itself really was made of several globes, one within the other. The globes only touched at the lower rim. The interstices where the globes did not touch formed a vacuum, the air having been drawn from the spaces. Conse- quently heat could not escape from the transparent head piece nor could the cold come in. From the back of this head gear, a flexible tube led into the interior; this tube being connected to a small com- pressed oxygen tank, which the Professor strapped to my back. He then placed the wonder machine with its row of buttons on my chest, and connected the six wires to the arms and other parts of my body. Professor Martyn grasped my hand then, and said in his firm, quiet voice: "Then goodbye, Kirby, for awhile. Press the first button when you are ready to go. May the Fates be with you!" The Professor next placed the transparent head gear over my head and secured it with attachments to my vacuum suit. A strange feeling of quietness and solitude came over me. While I could still see the Professor, I could hear him talk no longer as sounds cannot pierce a vacuum. Once more the Professor shook my hand warmly. Then, somehow, I found myself pressing down the uppermost of three buttons. Instantly there was a tingling, electric flash all through my body. Martyn, trees, distant buildings, all seemed to shoot away into nothingness. Almost in panic, I pushed the middle button. I stopped. I could not help it, for this disappearing of all my world acted upon my consciousness. I had a strange feeling that I was leaving forever. I looked down, and Professor Martyn, a tiny speck in an automobile far below, waved up to me cheerfully as he started his car and began to speed away. He was fleeing the immediate danger of my growth, when my feet would begin to cover an im- mense area, until I could be almost entirely in space. I gathered my cpurage quickly, fiercely, and pressed the top button again. Once more the earth began to get smaller, little by little, but faster. A ting- ling sensation was all over me, exhilarating if al- most painful where the wires were connected upon my forearms, my legs, about the forehead, and upon my chest. It did never seem as though I was changing, but rather that the world was shrinking away, faster and faster. The clouds were falling upon me with threatening swiftness, until my head broke suddenly through them, and my body was obscured, and the earth below, save tiny glimpses; as though of a dis- tant landscape through a fog. Far away I could see a few tall crags that broke through even as had I, scorning from their majestic height the world be- low. Now indeed, if never before, was my head "among the clouds!" But even the clouds were going. I began to get an idea of the earth as a great ball of thick cloud. There was a pricking sensation beneath my feet, as though I stood upon pine needles. It gave me a feeling of power to know that these were trees and hills. I began to feel insecure, as though my support were doing something stealthy beneath me. Have you ever seen an elephant perform upon a little roll- ing ball? Well that is how I felt. The earth was rotating, while I no longer could move upon it. While I pondered, watching in some alarm as it be- came more and more like a little ball a few feet thick, it took matters in its own hand. My feet slipped off, suddenly, and I was lying absolutely motionless, powerless to move, in space! I watched the earth awhile as it shrank, and even observed it now as it moved about the sun. I could see other planets that had grown at first a trifle larger and were now getting smaller again, about the same size as the earth, tiny balls of no 