What Went Before PROFESSOR HARDWIGG, chemist, philoso- pher, mineralogist, etc., while delighting in a rare old book by a famous Iceland author, comes upon a mysterious parchment containing a secret message. The professor and his nephew Harry, have deciphered it: "Descend into the crater of the Yokul of Sneffels, which the shade of Scar- taris covers before the kalends of July, audacious traveler, and you will reach the center of the earth. I did it.--Arne Saknussem." The professor and Harry (in the case of the lat- ter much against his will and better judgment) start for Iceland and Mount Sneffels, with the good wishes of Gretchen, the professor's ward and Harry's fiancee. In Iceland, they very fortunately obtain the services of Hans, a true Icelandic guide --calm, stolid and depaendble. After numerous ad- ventures and many interesting encounters and diffi- cult climbing, they reach Mount Sneffels and descend into its crater. They go deeper and deeper, lower- ing themselves into the bigger shafts by means of sturdy ropes doubled over the rocks above. Once now, they were reassured of the validity of the mysterious message when they noticed the inscription "Arne Saknussem" on some rocks. Also, they see all kinds of rock formations, gypsum, stal- actites and stalagmites, etc. In their desperate search for a spring, they hear and tap a tremendous torrent of hot water, which for a time also acts as a guide to them in their descent. Then, to cap it all, Harry strays from his companions and in his attempt to rejoin them gets hopelessly lost. When he has about given up all hope of finding his com- panions or of being found, he hears voices and dis- covers a "whispering gallery." Thus they are able to communicate with each other and after some calcu- lation, they effect a reunion. They continue on their way until they come to an enormous expanse of water--the Central Sea. Hans succeeds in building a raft and they start off for an- other shore. But they meet some huge sea monsters among other dangers and after many days on the water cannot see any signs of a shore. And then by means of a terrific hurricane and storm they are very rudely brought back to a point on the same side from which they started. There were lots of time lost, but they are not discouraged. While Hans is repairing the raft, Professor Hardwigg and Harry go off on a tour of further discovery and they are not disappointed. New wonders unfold them- selves at every turn. A Trip to the Center of the Earth Jules Verne Part III CHAPTER XXXVI What Is It? FOR a long and weary hour we tramped over this great bed of bones. We advanced re- gardless of everything, drawn on by ardent curiosity. What other marvels did this great cavern contain--what other wondrous treasures for the scientific man? My eyes were quite prepared for any number of surprises, my imagination lived in expectation of something new and wonderful. The borders of the great Central Ocean had for some time disappeared behind the hills that were scattered over the ground occupied by the plain of bones. The imprudent and enthusiastic Profes- sor, who did not care whether he lost himself or not, hurried me forward. We advanced silently, bathed in waves of elec- tric fluid. The light illumined equally the sides of every hill and rock. The appearance presented was that of a tropical country at mid-day in summer-- in the midst of the equatorial regions and under the vertical rays of the sun. The rocks, the distant mountains, some confused masses of far-off forests, assumed a weird and mysterious aspect under this equal distribution of the luminous fluid! We re- *Error. The author was Adelbert van Chamisso. JULES VERNE'S great romance is concluded in this issue. It is possible that some of our readers may find fault with the vehicle that Verne chose to bring back the travelers from the earth's interior. But it should be re- membered that back they had to come, and we know of no better method than the one which Verne chose. At least it is logical, although the chances are that our heroes would not have survived such an ordeal. But we should not be too critical on such points, for the story certainly is and remains one of the great classics of scientifiction. Some of the most breathless and hair-raising episodes occur in the closing chapters. sembled to a certain extent, the mysterious person- age in one of Hoffmann's fantastic tales--the man who lost his shadow.* After we had walked about a mile farther, we came to the edge of a vast forest, not, however, one of the vast mushroom forests we had discovered near Port Gretchen. It was the glorious and wild vegetation of the tertiary period, in all its superb magnificence. Huge palms, of a species now un- known, superb palmacites--a genus of fossil palms from the coal formation-- pines, yews, cypress, and conifers or cone-bearing trees, the whole bound to- gether by an inextricable and complicated mass of creeping plants. A beau- tiful carpet of mosses and ferns grew beneath the trees. Pleasant brooks murmured beneath um- brageous boughs, little worthy of this name, for no shade did they give. Upon their borders grew small tree-like shrubs, such as are seen in the hot countries on our own inhabited globe. The one thing wanted to these plants, these shrubs, these trees--was color! Forever deprived of the vivifying warmth of the sun, they were vapid and colorless. All shade was lost in one uniform tint, of a brown and faded character. The leaves were wholly devoid of green, and the flowers, so 361