THE COMING OF THE ICE 235 passion--love between two cold intellects? I do not know. I did not ask then. I accepted anything that would make our way more easy. There is no need to draw out the tale. Already my hand wavers, and my time grows short. Soon there will be no more of me, no more of my tale-- no more of Mankind. There will be only the snow, and the ice, and the cold. . . . Three days later I entered Sir John's Hospital, with Alice on my arm. All my affairs--and they were few enough--were in order. I had insisted that Alice wait until I had come safely through the operation, before she submitted to it. I had been carefully starved for two days, and I was lost in an unreal world of white walls and white clothes and white lights, drunk with my dreams of the future. When I was wheeled into the operating room on the long, hard table, for a moment it shone with bril- liant distinctness, a neat, methodical white chamber, tall and more or less circular. Then I was beneath the glare of soft white lights, and the room faded into a misty vagueness from which little steel rays flashed and quivered from silvery cold instruments. For a moment our hands, Sir John's and mine, gripped, and we were saying good-bye--for a little while--in the way men say these things. Then I felt the warm touch of Alice's lips upon mine, and I felt sudden painful things that I cannot describe, that I could not have described then. For a moment I felt that I must rise and cry out that I could not do it. But the feeling passed, and I was passive. Something was pressed about my mouth and nose, something with an etherial smell. Staring eyes swam about me from behind their white masks. I strug- gled instinctively, but in vain--I was held securely. Infinitesimal points of light began to wave back and forth on a pitch-black background; a great hollow buzzing echoed in my head. My head seemed sud- denly to have become all throat, a great, cavernous, empty throat in which sounds and lights were mingled together, in a swift rhythm, approaching, receding eternally. Then, I think, there were dreams. But I have forgotten them. . . . I began to emerge from the effect of the ether. Everything was dim, but I could perceive Alice be- side me, and Sir John. "Bravely done!" Sir John was saying, and Alice, too, was saying something, but I cannot remember what. For a long while we talked, I speaking the nonsense of those who are coming out from under ether, they teasing me a little solemnly. But after a little while I became aware of the fact that they were about to leave. Suddenly, God knows why, I knew that they must not leave. Something cried in the back of my head that they must stay--one cannot explain these things, except by after events. I began to press them to remain, but they smiled and said they must get their dinner. I commanded them not to go; but they spoke kindly and said they would be back before long. I think I even wept a little, like a child, but Sir John said something to the nurse, who began to reason with me firmly, and then they were gone, and somehow I was asleep. . . When I awoke again, my head was fairly clear, but there was an abominable reek of ether all about Jme. The moment I opened my eyes, I felt that some- thing had happened. I asked for Sir John and for Alice. I saw a swift, curious look that I could not interpret come over the face of the nurse, then she was calm again, her countenance impassive. She re- assured me in quick meaningless phrases, and told me to sleep. But I could not sleep: I was absolutely sure that something had happened to them, to my; friend and to the woman I loved. Yet all my in- sistence profited me nothing, for the nurses were a silent lot. Finally, I think, they must have given me a sleeping potion of some sort, for I fell asleep again. For two days, two endless, chaotic days, I saw nothing of either of them, Alice or Sir John. I be- came more and more agitated, the nurse more and more taciturn. She would only say that they had gone away for a day or two. And then, on the third day, I found out. They thought I was asleep. The night nurse had just come in to relieve the other. "Has he been asking about tLem again?" she asked. "Yes, poor fellow. I have hardly managed to keep him quiet." "It is going to be very hard to tell him." "We will have to keep it from him until he is recovered fully." There was a long pause, and I could hardly control my laboured breathing. "How sudden it was!" one of them said. "To be killed like that--" I heard no more, for I leapt sud- denly up in bed, crying out. "Quick! For God's sake, tell me what has hap- pened!" I jumped to the floor and seized one of them by the collar. She was horrified. I shook her with a superhuman strength. "Tell me!" I shouted, "Tell me--Or I'll--!" She told me--what else could' she do. "They were killed in an accident," she gasped, "in a taxi--a collision--the Strand--!" And at that moment a crowd of nurses and attendants arrived, called by the other frantic woman, and they put me to bed again. I have no memory of the next few days. I was in delirium, and I was never told what I said during my ravings. Nor can I express the feelings I was saturated with when at last I regained my mind again. Between my old emotions and any attempt to put them into words, or even to remember them, lies always that insurmountable wall of my Change. I cannot understand what I must have felt, I can- not express it. I only know that for weeks I was sunk in a misery beyond any misery I had ever imagined before. The two only friends I had on earth were gone to me. I was left alone. And, for the first time, I began to see before me all these endless years that would be the same, dull, lonely. Yet I recovered. I could feel each day the growth of a strange new vigour in my limbs, a vast force that was something tangibly expressive of eternal life. Slowly my anguish began to die. After a week more, I began to understand how my emotions were leaving me, how love and beauty and everything of which poetry was made--how all this was going. I could not bear the thought at first. I would look at the golden sunlight and the blue shadow of the wind, and I would say, "God! How beautiful!" And the words would echo meaninglessly in my ears. Or I would re- member Alice's face, that face I had once loved 