AMAZING STORIES Volume 1 June, 1926 No. 3. THE MAGAZINE OF SCIENTIFICTION HUGO GERNSBACK, F.R.S., Editor DR. T. O'CONOR SLOANE, M.A., Ph.D.; Managing Editor Editorial and General Offices --- 53 Park Place. New York, N. Y. Extravagant Fiction Today ------- Cold Fact Tomorrow THE LURE OF SCIENTIFICTION By HUGO GERNSBACK, F.R.S. SCIENTIFICTION is not a new thing on this planet. While Edgar Allan Poe probably was one of the first to conceive the idea of a scientific story, there are suspicions that there were other scien- tifiction authors before him. Perhaps they were not such outstanding figures in literature, and perhaps they did not write what we understand today as spientifiction at all. Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519), a great genius,"while he was not really an author of scientifiction, nevertheless had enough prophetic vision to create a number of machines in his own mind that were only to materialize centuries later. He described a number of machines, seeming- ly fantastic in those days, which would'have done credit to a Jules Verne.* There may have been other scientific prophets, if not scientifiction writers, before his time, but the past centuries are so beclouded, and there are so few manuscripts of such literature in existence today, that we cannot really be sure who was the real in- ventor of scientifiction. In the eleventh century there also lived a Francis- can monk, the amazing as well as famous Roger Bacon (1214-1294). He had a most astounding and prolific imagination, with which he foresaw many of our present-'day': wonders. But as an author of scientifiction he had to be extremely careful, be- cause in those days it was not "healthy" to predict new and startling inventions. It was necessary to disguise the manuscript--to use cypher--as a mat- ter of fact, so that it has taken many great modern minds to unravel the astonishing scientific prophe- cies of Roger Bacon.** The scientifiction writer of today is somewhat *Da Vinci--the Edison of the Middle Ages--is credited with hav- ing first imagined the printing press, the breech-loading gun, the mitrailleuse gun, the steam engine, the chain drive, a man-propelled airplane, the parachute and many others--an amazing array of "scien- tifiction"--because he admittedly only imagined these inventions. **In his famous Opus Majus he accurately prophesied the telescope. He gave excellent descriptions of the camera obscura, and of the burning glass--even the invention of gun powder is accredited to him. He forecast an age of industry and invention, with all prominence given to experiment. As a reward for his immortal work, he was incarcerated for a number of years. more fortunate--but not so very much more. It is true that we do not behead him or throw him into a dungeon when he dares to blaze forth with what seems to us an impossible tale, but in our inner minds, we are just as intolerant today, as were the contemporaries of Roger Bacon. We have not learned much in the interval. Even such a comparatively, tame invention as the submarine, which was pre- dicted by Jules Verne, was greeted with derisive laughter, and he was denounced in many quarters. Still, only forty years after the prediction of the modern submarine by Verne, it has become a reality. There are few things written by our scientifiction writers, frankly impossible today, that may not be- come a reality tomorrow. Frequently the author himself does not realize that his very fantastic yarn may come true in the future, and often he, himself, does not take his prediction seriously. But the seriously-minded scientifiction reader ab- sorbs the knowledge contained in such stories with avidity, with the result that such stories prove an incentive in starting some one to work on a device - or invention suggested by some author of scienti- fiction. One of our great surprises since we started publishing Amazing Stories is the tremendous amount of mail we receive from--shall we call them "Scientifiction Fans"?--who seem to be pretty well orientated in this sort of literature: From the sug- gestions for reprints that are coming in, these "fans" seem to have a hobby all their own of hunt- ing up scientifiction stories, not only in English, but in many other languages. There is not a day, now, that passes, but we get from a dozen to fifty sugges- tions as to stories of which, frankly, we have no record, although we have a list of some 600 or 700 scientifiction stories. Some of these fans are con- stantly visiting the book stores jvith the express purpose of buying new or old scientifiction tales, and they even go to the trouble-of advertising for some volumes that have long ago gone out of print. Scientifiction, in other words furnishes a tremend- ous amount of scientific education and fires the reader's imagination more perhaps than anything else of which we know. 195 