226 AMAZING STORIES I stood pale and shuddering in the dazzling light and heat; it pirouetted round my feet, which I en- deavored to withdraw. An odor of nitrous gas filled the whole air; it penetrated to the throat, to the lungs. I felt ready to choke. Why is it that I cannot withdraw my feet? Are they riveted to the flooring of the raft? No. The fall of the electric globe has turned all the iron on board into loadstones--the instruments, the tools, the arms are clanging together with awful and horrible noise; the nails of my heavy boots ad- here closely to the plate of iron imbedded in the wood. I cannot withdraw my foot. At last, by a violent and almost superhuman ef- fort, I tear it away just as the ball which is still executing its gyratory motions is about to run round it and drag me with it--if- 0 what intense stupendous light! The globe of fire bursts--we are enveloped in cascades of living fire, which flood the space around with luminous matter. Then all went out and darkness once more fell upon the deep! I had just time to see my uncle once more cast apparently senseless on the flooring of the raft, Hans at the helm, "spitting fire" under the influence of the electricity which seemed to have gone through him. Tuesday, August 25. I have just come out of a long fainting fit. The awful and hideous storm still continues; the lightning has increased in vividness, and pours out its fiery wrath like a brook of ser- pents let loose in the atmosphere. Are we still upon the sea? Yes, and being car- ried along with incredible velocity. We have, passed under England, under the Channel, under France, probably under the whole extent of Europe. Another awful clamor in the distance. This time it is certain that the sea is breaking upon the rocks at no great distance. Then-- CHAPTER XXXIII Our Route Reversed HERE ends what I call My Journal of our voyage on board the raft, which Journal was happily saved from the wreck. I pro- ceed with my narrative as I did before I commenced my daily notes. What happened when the terrible shock took place, when the raft was cast upon the rocky shore, it would be impossible for me now to say. I felt my- self precipitated violently into the boiling waves, and if I escaped from a certain and cruel death, it was wholly owing to the determination of the faith- ful Hans, who clutching me by the arm, saved me from the yawning abyss. The courageous Icelander then carried me in his powerful arms, far out of the reach of tne waves, and laid me down upon a burning expanse of sand, where I found myself some time afterwards in the company of my uncle the Professor. Then Hans quietly returned towards the fatal rocks, against which the furious waves were beating, in order to save any stray waifs from the wreck. This man was always practical and thoughtful. 1 could not utter a word; I was quite overcome with emotion; my whole body was broken and bruised with fatigue; it took hours before I was anything like myself. Meanwhile, there fell a fear- ful deluge of rain, drenching us to the skin. Its very violence, however, proclaimed the approaching end of the storm. Some overhanging rocks afforded us a slight protection from the torrents. Under this shelter, Hans prepared some food, which, however, I was unable to touch; exhausted by the three weary days and nights of watching, we fell into a deep and painful sleep. My dreams were fearful, but at last exhausted nature asserted her supremacy, and I slumbered. Next day when I awoke the change was magical. The weather was magnificent. Air and sea, as if by mutual consent, had regained their serenity. Every trace of the storm, even the faintest, had disap- peared. I was saluted on my awakening by the first joyous tones I had heard from the Professor for many a day. His gayety, indeed, was something terrible. "Well, my lad," he cried, rubbing his hands together, "have you slept soundly?" Might it not have been supposed that we were in the old house on the Konigstrasse; that I had just come down quietly to my breakfast, and that my marriage with Gretchen was to take place that very day? My uncle's coolness was exasperating. Alas, considering how the tempest had driven us in an easterly direction, we we had passed under the whole of Germany, under the city of Hamburg where I had been so happy, under the very street which contained all I loved and cared for in the world. It was a positive fact that I was only sepa- rated from her by a distance of forty leagues. But these forty leagues were of hard impenetrable gran- ite! All these dreary and miserable reflections passed through my mind, before I attempted to answer my uncle's question. "Why, what is the matter?" he cried, "cannot you say whether you have slept well or not?" "I have slept very well," was my reply, "but every bone in my body aches. I suppose that will lead to nothing." "Nothing at all, my boy. It is only the result of the fatigue of the last few days--that is all." "You appear--if I may be allowed to say so--to be very jolly this morning," I said. "Delighted, my dear boy, delighted. Was never happier in my life. We have at last reached' the wished-for port." "The end of our expedition?" cried I, in a tone of considerable surprise. "No; but to the confines of that sea which I be- gan to fear would never end, but go round the whole world. We will now tranquilly resume our journey by land, and once again endeavor to dive into the center of the Earth." "My dear uncle," I began, in a hesitating kind of way, "allow me to ask you one question?" "Certainly, Harry; a dozen if you think proper." "One will suffice. How about getting back?" I asked. "How about getting back? What a question to ask. We have not as yet reached the end of our journey." "I know that. All I want to know is, how you propose we shall manage the return voyage?" "In the most simple manner in the world," said 