14 AMAZING STORIES "If, as I hope" rejoined the captain, "we are on a peninsula, we are more likely to get to Tenes; there we shall hear the news." "Far more likely to carry the news ourselves," answered Ben Zoof, as he threw himself down for his night's rest. Six hours later, only waiting for sunrise, Captain Servadac set himself in movement again to renew his investigations. At this spot the shore, that hitherto had been running in a southeasterly direc- tion, turned abruptly to the north, being no longer formed by the natural bank of the Shelif, but con- sisting of an absolutely new coast-line. No land was in sight. Nothing could be seen of Orleans- ville, which ought to have been about six miles to the southwest; and Ben Zoof, who had mounted the highest point of view attainable, could distinguish sea, and nothing but sea, to the farthest horizon. Quitting their encampment and riding on, the bewildered explorers kept close to the new shore. This, since it had ceased to be formed by the origi- nal river bank, had considerably altered its aspect. Frequent landslips occurred, and in many places deep chasms rifted the ground; great gaps furrowed the fields, and trees, half uprooted, overhung the water, remarkable by the fantastic distortions of their gnarled trunks, looking as though they had been chopped by a hatchet. The sinuosities of the coast line, alternately gully and headland, had the effect of making a devious progress for the travelers, and at sunset, although they had accomplished more than twenty miles, they had only just arrived at the foot of the Mer- deyah Mountains, which, before the cataclysm, had formed the extremity of the chain of the Little Atlas. The ridge, however, had been violently rup- tured, and now rose nerpendicularly from the water. On the following morning Sei'vadac and Ben Zoof traversed one of the mountain gorges; and next, in order to make a more thorough acquaintance with the limits and condition of the section of Algerian territory of which they seemed to be left as the sole occupants, they dismounted, and proceeded on foot to the summit of one of the highest peaks. From this elevation they ascertained that from the base of the Merdeyah to the Mediterranean, a distance of about eighteen miles, a new coast line had come into existence; no land was visible in any direction; no isthmus existed to form a connecting link with the territory of Tenes, which had entirely dis- appeared. The result was that Captain Servadac was driven to the irresistible conclusion that the tract of land which he had been surveying was not, as he had at first imagined, a peninsula; it was actually an island. Strictly generally speaking, this island was quad- rilateral, but the sides were so irregular that it was much more nearly a triangle, the comparison of the sides exhibiting these proportions: The section of the right bank of the Shelif, seventy-two miles; the southern boundary from the Shelif to the chain of the Little Atlas, twenty-one miles; from the Little Atlas to the Mediterranean, eighteen miles; and sixty miles of the shore of the Mediterranean itself, making in all an entire circumference of about 171 miles. "What does it all mean?" exclaimed the captain, every hour growing more and more bewildered. "The will of providence, and we must submit," replied Ben Zoof, calm and undisturbed. With this reflection, the two men silently descended the mountain and remounted their horses. Before eve- ning they had reached the Mediterranean. On their road they failed to discern a vestige of the little town of Montenotte; like Tenes, of which not so much as a ruined cottage was visible on the horizon, it seemed to be annihilated. On the following day, the 6th of January, the two men made a forced march along the coast of the Mediterranean, which they found less altered than the captain had at first supposed; but four villages had entirely disappeared, and the head- lands, unable to resist the shock of the convulsion, had been detached from the mainland. The circuit of the island had been now completed, and the explorers, after a period of sixty hours, found themselves once more beside the ruins of their gourbi. Five days, or what, according to the established order of things, would have been two days and a half, had been occupied in tracing the boundaries of their new domain; and they had as- certained beyond a doubt that they were the sole human inhabitants left upon the island. "Well, sir, here you are, Governor General of Algeria!" exclaimed Ben Zoof, as they reached the gourbi. "With not a soul to govern," gloomily rejoined the captain. "How so? Do you not reckon me?" "Pshaw! Ben Zoof, what are you?" "What am I? Why, I am the population." The captain deigned no reply, but. muttering some expressions of regret for the fruitless trouble he had taken about his rondo, betook himself to rest. CHAPTER VII BEN ZOOF WATCHES IN VAIN In a few minutes the governor general and his population were asleep. The gourbi being in ruins, they were obliged to put up with the best accommo- dation they could find in the adjacent erection. It must be owned that the captain's slumbers were by no means sound; he was agitated by the conscious- ness that he had hitherto been unable to account for his strange experiences by any reasonable theory. Though far from being advanced in the knowledge of natural philosophy, he had been in- structed, to a certain degree, in its elementary principles; and, by an effort of memory, he man- aged to recall some general laws which he had al- most forgotten. He could understand that an al- tered inclination of the earth's axis with regard to the ecliptic would introduce a change of position in the cardinal points, and bring about a displace- ment of the sea; but the hypothesis entirely failed to account, either for the shortening of the days, or for the diminution in the pressure of the atmos- phere. He felt that his judgment was utterly baffled; his only remaining hope was that the chain of marvels was not yet complete, and that some- thing farther might throw some light upon the mystery. Ben Zoof's first care on the following morning was to provide a good breakfast. To use his own phrase, he was as hungry as the whole population of three million Algerians, of whom he was the 