OFF ON A COMET 159 "Right!" cried Rosette; "but it ought to be done by this time." "Circumference, 1,400; diameter, 450; area of surface, 630,000," read the captain. "True," replied Rosette, "630,000 square miles; just 292 times less than that of the earth." "Pretty little comet! nice little comet!" muttered Ben Zoof. The astronomer bit his lip, snorted, and cast at him a withering look, but did not take any further notice. "Now, Captain Servadac," said the professor, "take your pen again, and find me the volume of Gallia." The captain hesitated. "Quick, quick!" cried the professor, impatiently; "surely you have not forgotten how to find the volume of a sphere!" "A moment's breathing time, please." "Breathing time, indeed! A mathematician should not want breathing time! Come, multiply the surface by the third of the radius; Don't you recollect?" Captain Servadac applied himself to his task while the by-standers waited, with some difficulty sup- pressing their inclination to laugh. There was a short silence, at the end of which Servadac an- nounced that the volume of the comet was 47,880,000 cubic miles. "Just about one five-thousandth that of the earth," observed the lieutenant. "Nice little comet! pretty little comet!" said Ben Zoof. The professor scowled at him, and was mani- festly annoyed at having the insignificant dimen- sions of his comet pointed out in so disparaging a manner. Lieutenant Procope further remarked that from the earth he supposed it to be about as con- spicuous as a star of the seventh magnitude, and would require a good telescope to see it. "Ha, ha!" laughed the orderly, aloud; "charm- ing little comet! so pretty; and so modest!" "You rascal!" roared the professor, and clenched his hand in passion, as if about to strike him. Ben Zoof laughed the more, and was on the point of repeating his satirical comments, when a stern order from the captain made him hold his tongue. The truth was that the professor was just as sensi- tive about his comet as the orderly was about Mont- martre, and if the contention between the two had been allowed to go on unchecked, it is impossible to say what serious quarrel might not have arisen. When Professor Rosette's equanimity had been restored, he said, "Thus gentlemen, the diameter, the surface, the volume of my comet are settled; but there is more to be done. I shall not be satis- fied until, by actual measurement, I have determined its mass, its density, and the force of gravity at its surface." "A laborious problem," remarked Count Tima- scheff. "Laborious or not, it has to be accomplished. I am resolved to find out what my comet weighs." "Would it not be of some assistance, if we knew of what substance it is composed?" asked the lieutenant "That is of no moment at all," replied the pro- fessor; "the problem is independent of it." "Then we await your orders," was the captain's reply. "You must understand, however," said Rosette, "that there are various preliminary calculations to be made; you will have to wait till they are finished." "As long as you please," said the count. "No hurry at all," observed the captain, who was not in the least impatient to continue his mathe- matical exercises. "Then, gentlemen," said the astronomer, "with your leave we will for this purpose make an ap- pointment a few weeks hence. What do you say to the 62d of April?" Without noticing the general smile which the novel date provoked, the astronomer left the hall, and retired to his observatory. CHAPTER V WANTED: A STEELYARD UNDER the still diminishing influence of the sun's attraction, but without let or hind- rance, Gallia continued its inter-planetary course, accompanied by Nerina, its captured satel- lite, which performed its fortnightly revolutions with unvarying regularity. Meanwhile, the question beyond all others im- portant was ever recurring to the minds of Serva- dac and his two companions: were the astronomer's calculations correct, and was there a sound founda- tion for his prediction that the comet would again touch the earth? But whatever might be their doubts or anxieties, they were fain to keep all their misgivings to themselves; the professor was of a temper far too cross-grained for them to venture to ask him to revise or re-examine the results of his observations. The rest of the community by no means shared in their uneasiness. Negrete and his fellow-country- men yielded to their destiny with philosophical in- difference. Happier and better provided for than they had ever been in their lives, it did not give them a passing thought, far less cause any serious concern, whether they were still circling round the sun, or whether they were being carried right away within the limits of another system. Utterly care- less of the future, the majos, light-hearted as ever, carolled out their favorite songs, just as if they had never quitted the shores of their native land. Happiest of all were Pablo and Nina. Racing through the galleries of the Hive, clambering over the rocks upon the shore, one day skating far away across the frozen ocean, the next fishing in the lake that was kept liquid by the heat of the lava-torrent, the two children led a life of perpetual enjoyment. Nor was their recreation allowed to interfere with their studies. Captain Servadac, who in common with the count really liked them both, conceived that the responsibilities of a parent in some degree had developed upon him, and took great care in superintending their daily lessons, which he suc- ceeded in making hardly less pleasant than their sports. Indulged and loved by all, it was little wonder that young Pablo had no longing for the scorching plains of Andalusia, or that little Nina had lost all wish to return with her pet goat to the barren rocks 