72 AMAZING STORIES "Poor fish, to believe that!" mocked the jour- nalist, while the Professor blinked and rubbed his bulging forehead. "I do believe it!" insisted Jandron. "The world is covered with relics of dead civilizations, that have mysteriously vanished, leaving nothing but their temples and monuments." "Rubbish!" "How about Easter Island? How about all the gigantic works there and in a thousand other places --Peru, Yucatan and so on--which certainly no primitive race ever built?" "That's thousands of years ago," said Marr, "and I'm sleepy. For heaven's sake, can it!" "Oh, all right. But how explain things, then!" "What the devil could one of those Things want of our brains?" suddenly put in the Professor. "After all, what?" "Well, what do we want of lower forms of life? Sometimes food. Again, some product or other. Or just information. Maybe It is just experiment- ing with us, the way we poke an ant-hill. There's always this to remember, that the human brain- tissue is the most highly-organized form of matter in this world." "Yes," admitted the Professor, "but what--?" "/t might want brain-tissue for food, for experi- mental purposes, for lubricant--how do I know?" Jandron fancied he was still explaining things; but all at once he found himself waking up in one of the bunks. He felt terribly cold, stiff, sore. A sift of snow lay here and there on the camp floor, where it had fallen through holes in the roof. "Vivian!" he croaked hoarsely. "Thorburn! Marr!" Nobody answered. There was nobody to answer. Jandron crawled with immense pain out of his bunk, and blinked round with bleary eyes. All of a sud- den he saw the Professor, and gulped. The Professor was lying stiff and straight in another bunk, on his back. His waxen face made a mask of horror. The open, staring eyes, with pupils immensely dilated, sent Jandron shuddering back. A livid ring marked the forehead, that now sagged inward as if empty. "Vivian!" croaked Jandron, staggering away from the body. He fumbled to the bunk where the girl had lain. The bunk was quite deserted. On the stove, in which lay half-charred wood-- wood smothered out as if by some noxious gas-- still stood the coffee-pot. The liquid in it was frozen solid. Of Vivian and the journalist, no trace re- mained. Along one of the sagging beams that supported the roof, Jandron's horror-blasted gaze perceived a straight line of frosted prints, ring-shaped, bitten deep. "Vivian! Vivian!" No answer. Shaking, sick, gray, half-blind with a horror not of this world, Jandron peered slowly around. The duffle-bag and supplies were gone. Nothing was left but that coffee-pot and the revolver at Jandron's hip. Jandron turned, then. A-stare, his skull feeling empty as a burst drum, he crept lamely to the door and out--out into the snow. Snow. It came slanting down. From a gray sky it steadily filtered. The trees showed no leaf. Birches, poplars, rock-maples all stood naked. Only the conifers drooped sickly-green. In a little shal- low across the river snow lay white on thin ice. Ice? Snow? Rapt with terror, Jandron stared. Why, then, he must have been unconscious three or four weeks? But how--? Suddenly, all along the upper branches of trees that edged the clearing, puffs of snow flicked down. The geologist shuffled after two half-obliterated sets of footprints that wavered toward the landing. His body was leaden. He wheezed, as he reached the river. The light, dim as it was, hurt his eyes. He blinked in a confusion that could just perceive one canoe was gone. He pressed a hand to his head, where an iron band seemed screwed up tight, tighter. "Vivian! Marr! Halloooo!" Not even an echo. Silence clamped the world; silence, and a cold that gnawed. Everything had gone a sinister gray. After a certain time--though time now possessed neither reality nor duration--Jandron dragged him- self back to the camp and stumbled in. Heedless of the staring corpse he crumpled down by the stove and tried to think, but his brain had been emptied of power. Everything blent to a gray blur. Snow kept slithering in through the roof. "Well, why don't you come and get me, Thing?" suddenly snarled Jandron. "Here I am. Damn you, come and get me!" Voices. Suddenly he heard voices. Yes, some- body was outside, there. Singularly aggrieved, ho got up and limped to the door. He squinted out intcf the gray; saw two figures down by the landing. With numb indifference he recognized the girl and Marr. "Why should they bother me again?" he nebu- lously wondered. Can't they go away and leave me alone?" He felt peevish irritation. Then, a modicum of reason returning, he sensed that they were arguing. Vivian, beside a canoe freshly dragged from thin ice, was pointing; Marr was gesticulating. All at once Marr snarled, turned from her, plodded with bent back toward the camp. "But listen!" she called, her rough-knit sweater all powdered with snow. "That's the way!" She gestured downstream. "I'm not going either way!" Marr retorted. "Fra going to stay right here!" He came on, bareheaded. Snow grayed his stubble of beard; but on his head it melted as it fell, as if some fever there had raised the brain-stuff to improbable temperatures. "I'm going to stay right here, all summer." His heavy lids sagged. Puffy and evil, his lips showed a glint of teeth. "Let me alone!" Vivian lagged after him, kicking up the ash-like snow. With indifference, Jandron watched them. Trivial human creatures! Suddenly Marr saw, him in the doorway and stopped short. He drew his gun; he aimed at Jandron. "You get out!" he mouthed. "Why in -- can't you stay dead?" "Put that gun down, you idiot!" Jandron managed to retort. The girl stopped and seemed trying to understand. "We can get away yet, if we all stick together." "Are you going to get out and leave me alone?" 