188 AMAZING STORIES in half? Isn't her velocity all altered?" demanded the captain. "And pray who told you this?" again said the professor, with a sneer. "Everybody. Everybody knows it, of course," replied Servadac. "Everybody is very clever. And you always were a very clever scholar too. We remember that of old, don't we?" "Sir!" "You nearly mastered the first elements of science, didn't you?" "Sir!" "A credit to your class!" "Hold your tongue, sir!" bellowed the captain again, as if his anger was uncontrollable. "Not I," said the professor. "Hold your tongue!" repeated Servadac. "Just because the mass is altered you think the velocity is altered?" "Hold you tongue!" cried the captain, louder than ever. "What has mass to do with the orbit? Of how many comets do you know the mass, and yet you know their movements? Ignorance!" shouted Rosette. "Insolence!" retorted Servadac. Ben Zoof, really thinking that his master was angry, made a threatening movement towards the professor. "Touch me if you dare!" screamed Rosette, draw- ing himself up to the fullest height his diminutive figure would allow. "You shall answer for your con- duct before a court of justice!" "Where? On Gallia?" asked the captain. "No; on the earth." "The earth! Pshaw! You know we shall never get there; our velocity is changed." "On the earth," repeated the professor, with de- cision. "Trash!" cried Ben Zoof. "The earth will be too far off!" "Not too far off for us to come across her orbit at 42 minutes and 35.6 seconds past two o'clock on the morning of this coming 1st of January." "Thanks, my dear professor--many thanks. You have given me all the information I required;" and, with a low bow and a gracious smile, the cap- tain withdrew. The orderly made an equally polite bow, and followed his master. The professor, com- pletely nonplussed, was left alone. Thirteen days, then--twenty-six of the original Gallian days, fifty-two of the present--Was all the time for preparation that now remained. Every preliminary arrangement was hurried on with the greatest earnestness. There was a general eagerness to be quit of Gal- lia. Indifferent to the dangers that must necessarily attend a balloon ascent under such unparalleled cir- cumstances, and heedless of Lieutenant Procope's warning that the slightest check in their progress would result in instantaneous combustion, they all seemed to conclude that it must be the simplest thing possible to glide from one atmosphere to another, so that they were quite sanguine as to the success- ful issue of their enterprise. Captain Servadac made a point of showing himself quite enthusiastic in his anticipations, and to Ben Zoof the going up in a baloon was the supreme height of his ambition. The count and the lieutenant, of colder and less demonstrative temperament, alike seemed to realize the possible perils of the undertaking, but even they were determined to gut a bold face upon every dif- ficulty. The sea had now become navigable, and three voyages were made to Gourbi Island in the steam launch, consuming the last of their little reserve of coal. The first voyage had been made by Servadac with serveral of the sailors. They found the gourbi and the adjacent building quite uninjured by the sever- ity of the winter weather; numbers of little rivulets intersected the pasture-land! new plants were springing up under the influence of the equatorial sun, and the luxuriant foliage was tenanted by the birds which had flown back from the volcano. Sum- mer had almost abruptly succeeded to winter, and the days, though only three hours long, were in- tensely hot. Another of the voyages to the island had been to collect the dry grass and straw which was necessary for inflating the balloon. Had the balloon been less cumbersome it would have been conveyed to the island, whence the start would have been effected; but as it was, it was more convenient to bring the combustible material to the balloon. The last of the coal having been consumed, the fragments of the shipwrecked vessels had to be used day by day for fuel. Hakkabut began making a great hubbub when he found that they were burn- ing some of the spars of the Hansa; but he was ef- fectually silenced by Ben Zoof, who told him that if he made any more fuss, he should be compelled to pay 50,000 francs for a balloon-ticket, or else he should be left behind. By Christmas Day everything was in readiness for immediate departure. The festival was observed with a solemnity still more marked than the an- niversary of the preceding year. Every one looked forward to spending New Year's Day in another sphere altogether, and Ben Zoof had already prom- ised Pablo and Nina all sorts of New Year's gifts. It may seem strange, but the nearer the critical moment approached, the less Hector Servadac and Count Timascheff had to say to each other on the subject. Their mutual reserve became more ap- parent; the experiences of the last two years were fading from their minds like a dream; and the fair image that had been the cause of their original rivalry was ever rising, as a vision, between them. The captain's thoughts began to turn to his un- finished rondo; in his leisure moments, rhymes suit- able and unsuitable, possible and impossible, were perpetually jingling in his imagination. He labored under the conviction that he had a work of genius to complete. A poet he had left the earth, and a poet he must return. Count Timascheff's desire to return to the world was quite equaled by Lieutenant Procope's. The Russian sailors' only thought was to follow their master, wherever he went. The Spaniards, though they would have been unconcerned to know that they were to remain upon Gallia, were nevertheless look- ing forward with some degree of pleasure to revisit- ing the plains of Andalusia; and Nina and Pablo were only too delighted at the prospect of accom- panying their kind protectors on any fresh excur- sion whatever. 