50 AMAZING STORIES the moon have fallen within the limits of Gallia's attraction, and become her satellite?" "Upon that supposition," put in the count, "I should think that it would be altogether unlikely that three months would elapse without our seeing her." "Quite incredible!" continued Procope. "And there is another thing which totally disproves the captain's hypothesis; the magnitude of Gallia is far too insignificant for her power of attraction to carry off the moon." "But," persisted Servadac, "why should not the same convulsion that tore us away from the earth have torn away the moon as well? After wander- ing about as she would for a while in the solar regions, I do not see why she should not have at- tached herself to us." The lieutenant repeated his conviction that it was not likely. "But why not?" again asked Servadac impetu- ously. "Because, I tell you, the mass of Gallia is so inferior to that of the moon, that Gallia would be- come the moon's satellite; the moon could not possi- bly become hers." "Assuming, however," continued Servadac, "such to be the case-" "I am afraid," said the lieutenant, interrupting him, "that I cannot assume anything of the sort even for a moment." Servadac smiled good-humoredly. "I confess you seem to have the best of the argu- ment, and if Gallia had become a satellite of the moon, it would not have taken three months to catch sight of her. I suppose you are right." While this discussion had been going on, the satellite, or whatever it might be, had been rising steadily above the horizon, and had reached a posi- tion favorable for observation. Telescopes were brought, and it was very soon ascertained, beyond a question, that the new luminary was not the well- known Phcebe of terrestrial nights; it had no fea- ture in common with the moon. Although it was apparently much nearer to Gallia than the moon to the earth, its superficies was hardly one-tenth as large, and so feebly did it reflect the light of the remote sun, that it scarcely emitted radiance enough to extinguish the dim luster of stars of the eighth magnitude. Like the sun, it had risen in the west, and was now at its full. To confuse its identity with the moon was absolutely impossible; not even Servadac could discover a trace of the seas, chasms, craters, and mountains which have been so minutely delineated in lunar charts; and it could not be de- nied that any transient hope that had been excited as to their once again being about to enjoy the peaceful smiles of "the queen of night" must all be given up. Count Timascheff finally suggested, though some- what doubtfully, the question of the probability that Gallia, in her course across the zone of the minor planets, had carried off one of them; but whether it was one of the 169 asteroids already included in the astronomical catalogues, or one previously unknown, he did not presume to determine. The idea to a certain extent was plausible, inasmuch as it has been ascertained that several of the telescopic planets are of such small dimensions that a good walker might make a circuit of them in four and twenty hours; consequently Gallia, being of superi- or volume, might be supposed capable of exercising a power of attraction upon any of these miniature microcosms. The first night in Nina's Hive passed without special incident; and next morning a regular scheme of life was definitely laid down. "My lord gov- ernor," as Ben Zoof, until he was peremptorily for- bidden, delighted to call Servadac, had a wholesome dread of idleness and its consequences, and insisted upon each member of the party undertaking some special duty to fulfill. There was plenty to do. The domestic animals required a great deal of attention; a supply of food had to be secured and preserved; fishing had to be carried on while the condition of the sea would allow it; and in several places the galleries had to be further excavated to render them more available for use. Occupation, then, need never be wanting, and the daily round of labor could go on in orderly routine. A perfect concord ruled the little colony. The Russians and Spaniards amalgamated well, and both did their best to pick up various scraps of French, which was considered the official language of the place. Servadac himself undertook the tuition of Pablo and Nina, Ben Zoof being their companion in play-hours, when he entertained them with en- chanting stories in the best Parisian French, about "a lovely city at the foot of a mountain," where he always promised one day to take them. The end of March came, but the cold was not intense to such a degree as to confine any of the party to the interior of their resort; several excur- sions were made along the shore, and for a radius of three or four miles the adjacent district was carefully explored. Investigation, however, always ended in the same result; turn their course in what- ever direction they would, they found that the country retained everywhere its desert character, rocky, barren, and without a trace of vegetation. Here and there a slight layer of snow or a thin coating of ice arising from atmospheric condensa- tion indicated the existence of superficial moisture, but it would require a period indefinitely long, ex- ceeding human reckoning, before that moisture could collect into a stream and roll downwards over the stony strata to the sea. It seemed at present out of their power to determine whether the land upon which they were so happily settled was an island or a continent, and till the cold was abated they feared to undertake any lengthened expedition to ascertain the actual extent of the strange con- crete of metallic crystallization. By ascending one day to the summit of the vol- cano, Captain Servadac and the count succeeded in getting a general idea of the aspect of the country. The mountain itself was an enormous block rising symmetrically to a height of nearly 3,000 feet above the level of the sea, in the form of a truncated cone, of which the topmost section was crowned by a wreath of smoke issuing continuously from the mouth of a narrow crater. Under the old condition of terrestrial things, the ascent of this steep acclivity would have been at- tended with much fatigue, but as the effect of the altered condition of the law of gravity, the travelers performed perpetual prodigies in the way of agility, and in little over an hour reached the edge of the crater, without more sense of exertion than if they 