160 AMAZING STORIES of Sardinia. They had now a home in which they had nothing to desire. "Have you no father or mother?" asked Pablo, one day. "No," she answered. "No more have I," said the boy, "I used to run along by the side of the diligences when I was in Spain." "I used to look after goats at Madalena," said Nina; "but it is much nicer here--I am so happy here. I have you for a brother, and everybody is so kind. I am afraid they will spoil us, Pablo," she added, smiling. "Oh, no, Nina; you are too good to be spoiled, and when I am with you, you make me good too," said Pablo, gravely. July had now arrived. During the month Gallia's advance along its orbit would be reduced to 22,000,- 000 leagues, the distance from the sun at the end being 172,000,000 leagues, about four and a half times as great as the average distance of the earth from the sun. It was traveling now at about the same speed as the earth, which traverses the ecliptic at a rate of 21,000,000 leagues a month, or 28,800 leagues an hour. In due time the 62d of April, according to the revised Gallian calendar, dawned; and in punctual fulfillment of the professor's appointment, a note was delivered to Servadac to say that he was ready, and hoped that day to commence operations for calculating the mass and density of his comet, as well as the force of gravity at its surface. A point of far greater interest to Captain Serva- dac and his friends would have been to ascertain the nature of the substance of which the comet was composed, but they felt pledged to render the pro- fessor any aid they could in the researches upon which he had set his heart. Without delay, there- fore, they assembled in the central hall, where they were soon joined by Rosette, who seemed to be in fairly good temper. "Gentlemen," he began, "I propose to-day to en- deavor to complete our observations of the elements of my comet. Three matters of investigation are before us. First, the measure of gravity at its sur- face ; this attractive force we know, by the increase of our own muscular force, must of course be con- siderably less than that at the surface of the earth; secondly, its mass, that is, the quality of its matter; and thirdly, its density or quantity of matter in a unit of its volume. We will proceed, gentlemen, if you please, to weigh Gallia." Ben Zoof, who had just entered the hall, caught the professor's last sentence, and without saying a word, went out again and was absent for some minutes. When he returned, he said, "If you want to weigh this comet of yours, I suppose you want a pair of scales; but I have been to look, and I cannot find a pair anywhere. And what's more," he added mischievously, "you won't get them any- where." A frown came over the professor's countenance. Servadac saw it, and gave his orderly a sign that he should desist entirely from his bantering. "I require, gentlemen," resumed Rosette, "first of all to know by how much the weight of a kilo- gram here differs from its weight upon the earth; the attraction, as we have said, being less, the weight will proportionately be less also." "Then an ordinary pair of scales, being under the influence of attraction, I suppose, would not answer your purpose," submitted the lieutenant. "And the very kilogram weight you used would have become lighter," put in the count, deferentially. "Pray, gentlemen, do not interrupt me," said the professor, authoritatively, as if ex cathedrâ. "I need no instruction on these points." Procope and Timascheff demurely bowed their heads. The professor resumed. "Upon a spring-balance, dependent upon mere tension or flexibility, the at- traction will have no influence. If I suspend a weight upon it equivalent to the weight of a kilo- gram, the index will register the proper weight on the surface of Gallia. Thus I shall arrive at the difference I want: the difference between the earth's attraction and the comet's. Will you, therefore, have the goodness to provide me at once with a spring- balance and a tested kilogram?" The audience looked at one another, and then at Ben Zoof, who was thoroughly acquainted with all their resources. "We have neither one nor the other," said the orderly. The professor stamped with vexation. "I believe old Hakkabut has a spring-balance on board his tartan," said Ben Zoof, presently. "Then why didn't you say so before, you idiot?" roared the excitable little man. Anxious to pacify him, Servadac assured him that every exertion should be made to procure the instrument, and directed Ben Zoof to go to the Jew and borrow it. "No, stop a moment," he said as Ben Zoof was moving away on his errand; "perhaps I had better go with you myself; the old Jew may make a diffi- culty about lending us any of his property." "Why should we not all go?" asked the count; "we should see what kind of a life the misanthrope leads on board the Hansa" The proposal met with general approbation. Be- fore they started, Professor Rosette requested that one of the men might be ordered to cut him a cubic decimeter out of the solid substance of Gallia. "My engineer is the man for that," said the count; "he will do it well for you if you will give him the pre- cise measurement." "What! you don't mean," exclaimed the professor, again going off into a passion, "that you haven't a proper measure of length?" Ben Zoof was sent off to ransack the stores for the article in question, but no measure was forth- coming. "Most likely we shall find one on the tar- tan," said the orderly. "Then let us lose no time in trying," answered the professor, as he bustled with hasty strides into the gallery. The rest of the party followed, and were soon in the open air upon the rocks that overhung the shore. They descended to the level of the frozen water and made their way towards the little creek where the Dobryna and the Hansa lay firmly im- prisoned in their icy bonds. The temperature was low beyond previous ex- perience; but well muffled up in fur, they all en- dured it without much actual suffering. Their breath issued in vapor, which was at once congealed into little crystals upon their whiskers, beards, eye- brows, and eyelashes, until their faces, covered with 