368 AMAZING STORIES and his distended mouth looked large enough to have swallowed a boatful of men. We were about ten feet distant, when I discov- ered that much as his body resembled that of a crocodile, his mouth was wholly that of a shark. His twofold nature now became apparent. To snatch us up at mouthful it was necessary for him to turn on his back, which motion necessarily caused his legs to kick up helplessly in the air. I actually laughed even in the very jaws of death! But next minute, with a wild cry, I darted away into the interior of the cavern, leaving my unhappy comrades to their fate! This cavern was deep and dreary. After about a hundred yards, I paused and looked around. The whole floor, composed of sand and malachite, was strewn with bones, freshly gnawed bones of reptiles and fish, with a mixture of mamalia. My very soul grew sick as my body shud- dered with horror. I had truly, according to the old proverb, fallen out of the frying-pan into the fire. Some beast larger and more ferocious even than the Shark-Crocodile inhabited this den. What could I do? The mouth of the cave was guarded by one ferocious monster, the interior was inhabited by something too hideaus to contemplate. Flight was impossible! Suddenly a groaning, as of fifty bears in a fight, fell upon my ears--hisses, spitting, moaning, hideous to hear -- and then I saw-- A Dreadful Dream of the Anti-Diluvian Gorilla NEVER, were ages to pass over my head, shall I forget the horrible apparition. It was the Ape Gigans, the anti-diluvian Gorilla! four- teen feet high, covered with coarse hair, of a black- ish brown, it advanced. Its arms were as long as its body, while its legs were prodigious. It had thick, long, and sharply-pointed teeth--like a mammoth saw. It struck its breast as it came on smelling and sniffing, reminding me of the stories we read in our early childhood of giants who ate the flesh of men and little boys. Suddenly it stopped. My heart beat wildly, for I was conscious that, somehow or other, the fearful monster had smelt me out and was peering about with his hideous eyes to try and discover my where- abouts. I gave myself up for lost. No hope of safety or escape seemed to remain. At this moment, just as my eyes appeared to close in death, there came a strange noise from the en- trance of the cave; and turning, the Gorilla evi- dently recognized some enemy more worthy his pro- digious size and strength. It was the huge Shark- Crocodile, which perhaps having disposed of my friends, was coming in search of further prey. The Gorilla placed himself on the defensive, and clutching a bone some seven or eight feet in length, a perfect club, aimed a deadly blow at the hideous beast, which reared upwards and fell with all its weight upon its adversary. A terrible combat en- sued. The struggle was awful and ferocious. I did not wait to witness the result. Regarding my- self as the object of contention, I determined to remove from the presence of the victor. I slid down from my hiding-place, reached the ground, and glid- ing against the wall, strove to gain the open mouth of the cavern. But I had not taken many steps when the fearful clamor ceased, to be followed by a mumbling and groaning which appeared to be indi- cative of victory. I looked back and saw the huge ape, gory with blood, coming after me with glaring eyes, with di- lated nostrils that gave forth two columns of heat- ed vapor. I could feel his hot and fetid breath on my neck; and with a horrid jump--awoke from my nightmare sleep. Yes--it was all a dream. I was still on the raft with my uncle and the guide. The relief was not instantaneous, for under the influence of the hideous nightmare my senses had become numbed. After a while, however, my feel- ings were tranquilized. The first of my perceptions which returned in full force was that of hearing. I listened with acute and attentive ears. All was still as death. All I comprehended was silence. To the roaring of the waters, which had filled the gallery with awful reverberations, succeeded perfect peace. After some little time my uncle spoke, in a low and scarcely audible tone--"Harry, boy, where are you?" "I am here," was my faint rejoinder. "Well, don't you see what has happened? We are going upwards." "My dear uncle, what can you mean?" was my half delirious reply. "Yes, I tell you we are ascending rapidly. Our downward journey is quite checked." The Ascent Continues I HELD out my hand, and, after some little diffi- culty, succeeded in touching the wall. My hand was in an instant covered with blood. The skin was torn from the flesh. We were ascend- ing with extraordinary rapidity. "The torch--the torch!" cried the Professor, wildly; "it must be lighted." Hans, the guide, after many vain efforts, at last succeeded in lighting it, and the flame, having now nothing to prevent its burning, shed a tolerably clear light. We were en- abled to form an approximate idea of the truth. "It is just as I thought," said my uncle, after ai moment or two of silent attention. "We are in a narrow well about four fathoms square. The waters of the great inland sea, having reached the bottom of the gulf, are now forcing themselves up the migh- ty shaft. As a natural consequence, we are being cast up on the summit of the waters." "That I can see," was my lugubrious reply; "but where will this shaft end, and to what fall are we likely to be exposed?" "Of that I am as ignorant as yourself. All I know is, that we should be prepared for the worst. We are going up at a fearfully rapid rate. As far as I can judge, we are ascending at the rate of two fathoms a second, of a hundred and twenty fathoms a minute, or rather more than three and a half leagues an hour. At this rate, our fate will soon be a matter of certainty." "No doubt of it," was my reply. "The great con-, cern I have now, however, is to know whether this shaft has any issue. It may end in a granite roof-- in which case we shall be suffocated by compressed