A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 231 Much more learned men than his nephew would have found it rather hard to refute his facts and arguments. Another circumstance soon presented itself. This fossilized body was not the only one in this vast plain of bones--the cemetery of an extinct world. Other bodies were found, as we trod the dusty plain, and my uncle was able to choose the most marvelous of these specimens in order to con- vince the most incredulous. In truth, it was a surprising spectacle, the suc- cessive remains of generations and generations of men and animals confounded together in one vast cemetery. Eut a great question now presented it- self to our notice, and one we were actually afraid to contemplate in all its bearings. Had these once animated beings been buried so far beneath the soil by some tremendous convulsion of nature, after they had been earth to earth and ashes to ashes, or had they lived here below, in this subterranean world, under this factitious sky, born, married, and given in marriage, and dying at last, just like ord- inary inhabitants of the earth? Up to the present moment, marine monsters, fish, and such like animals, had alone been seen alive I The question which rendered us rather uneasy, was a pertinent one. Were any of these men of the abyss wandering about the deserted shores of this wondrous sea of the center of the earth? This was a question which rendered me very uneasy and un- comfortable. How, should they really be in exis- tence, would they receive us men from above? (To be concluded) Back Numbers of "Amazing Stories" NO doubt you will be interested to know, if you have not secured the first issue of Amazing Stories that back numbers can be secured at the rate of 25c per copy, post- paid. The contents of the first issue were: "Off on a Comet," first installment, by Jules Verne. "The New Accelerator" by H. G. Wells. "The Man From the Atom," (First part) by G. Peyton Wertenbaker. "The Thing From--Outside," by George Allen England. "The Man Who Saved the Earth," by Austin Hall. "The Facts in the Case of M. Voldemar" by Edgar Allan Poe. The contents of the May issue were: "A Trip to the Center of the Earth" (Part I), by Jules Verne. "Mesmeric Revelation" by Edgar Allan Poe. "The Crystal Egg" by H. G. Wells. "The Infinite Vision," by Charles C. Winn. "The Man From the Atom," (Sequel) by G. Peyton Wertenbaker. "Off on a Comet" (Conclusion) by Jules Verne. Copies of these issues may be secured from the publishers on receipt of 25c, coin or stamps, as long as the supply lasts. Address: Experimenter Publishing Co., 53 Park Place, New York City. New Scientifiction Stories IF you are interested in scientifiction stories, you will find several excellent ones in AMAZING STORIES' sister magazines, RADIO NEWS and SCIENCE AND INVENTION. RADIO NEWS for June contains "S.O.S." --(Searching Out Sadie), by Marius Logan, a very excellent radio story that will hold your attention from first to last. In SCIENCE AND INVENTION, the serial, "Tarrano the Conqueror" by Ray Cummings, has been running for several months. The author of this story also wrote "The Girl in the Golden Atom" "Around the Universe" and "The Man on the Meteor." "Tarrano the Conqueror" is one of the weirdest and most amazing stories it has ever been our good fortune to read. Copies of RADIO NEWS and SCIENCE AND INVENTION may be secured at all newsstands, and back numbers can be obtained from the publishers. Address: Experimenter Publishing Co., 53 Park Place, New York City. 