42 AMAZING STORIES no prospect of obtaining provisions, and consequent- ly their first business was to devise a scheme for getting away from their present abode. The Hansa was lying off shore. The Spaniards would not have had the slightest hesitation in summarily taking possession of her, but their utter ignorance of sea- manship made them reluctantly come to the conclu- sion that the more prudent policy was to make terms with the owner. And now came a singular part of the story. Negrete and his companions had meanwhile re- ceived a visit from two English officers from Gib- raltar. What passed between them the Jew did not know; he only knew that, immediately after the con- clusion of the interview, Negrete came to him and ordered him to set sail at once for the nearest point of Morocco. The Jew, afraid to disobey, but with his eye ever upon the main chance, stipulated that at the end of their voyage the Spaniards should pay for their passage--terms to which, as they would to any other, they did not demur, knowing that they had not the slightest intention of giving him a single real. The Hansa had weighed anchor on the 3rd of February. The wind blew from the west, and con- sequently the working of the tartan was easy enough. The unpracticed sailors had only toJhoist their sails and, though they were quite unconscious of the fact, the breeze carried them to the only spot upon the little world they occupied which could af- ford them a refuge. Thus it fell out that one morning Ben Zoof, from his lookout on Gourbi Island, saw a ship, not the Dobryna, appear upon the horizon, and make quiet- ly down towards what had formerly been the right bank of the Shelif. Such was Ben Zoof's version of what had oc- curred, as he had gathered it from the new-comers. He wound up his recital by remarking that the cargo of the Hansa would be of immense service to them; he expected, indeed, that Isaac Hakkabut would be difficult to manage, but considered there could be no harm in appropriating the goods for the common welfare, since there could be no op- portunity now for selling them. Ben Zoof added, "And as to the difficulties be- tween the Jew and his passengers, I told him that the governor general was absent on a tour of in- spection, and that he would see everything equitably settled." Smiling at his orderly's tactics, Servadac turned to Hakkabut, and told him that he would take care that his claims should be duly investigated and all proper demands should be paid. The man appeared satisfied, and, for the time at least, desisted from his complaints and importunities. When the Jew had retired, Count Timascheff asked "But how in the world can you ever make those fellows pay anything?" "They have lots of money," said Ben Zoof. "Not likely," replied the count; "when did you ever know Spaniards like them to have lots of money?" "But I have seen it myself," said Ben Zoof; "and it is English money." "English money!" echoed Servadac; and his mind again reverted to the excursion made by the colonel and the major from Gibraltar, about which they had been so reticent. "We must inquire more about this," he said. Then, addressing Count Timascheff, he added, "Altogetfc**. I think the countries of Europe are fairly represented by the population of Gallia." "True, captain," answered the count; "we have only a fragment of a world, but it contains natives of France, Russia, Italy, Spain, and England. Even Germany may be said to have a representative in the person of this miserable Jew."' ; "And even in him," said Servadac, "perhaps we shall not find so indifferent a representative as we at present imagine." CHAPTER XIX GALLIA'S GOVERNOR GENERAL The Spaniards who had arrived on board the Hansa consisted of nine men and a lad of twelve years of age, named Pablo. They all received Cap- tain Servadac, whom Ben Zoof introduced as the governor general, with due respect, and returned quickly to their separate tasks. The captain and his friends, followed at some distance by the eager Jew, soon left the glade and directed their steps towards the coast where the Hansa was moored. As they went they discussed their situation. As far as they had ascertained, except Gourbi Island, the sole surviving fragments of the Old World were four small islands: the bit of Gibraltar occupied by the Englishmen; Ceuta, which had just been left by the Spaniards; Madalena, where they had picked up the little Italian girl; and the site of the tomb of Saint Louis on the coast of Tunis. Around these there was stretched out the full extent of the Gallian Sea, which apparently comprised about one-half of the Mediterranean, the whole being encompassed by a barrier like a framework of precipitous cliffs, of an origin and a substance alike unknown. Of all these spots only two were known to be in- habited : Gibraltar, where the thirteen Englishmen were amply provisioned for some years to come, and their own Gourbi Island. Here there was a population of twenty-two, who would all have to subsist upon the natural products of the soil. It wa3 indeed not to be forgotten that, perchance, upon some remote and undiscovered isle there might be the solitary writer of the mysterious papers which they had found, and if so, that would raise the census of their new asteroid to an aggregate of thirty-six. Even upon the supposition that at some future date the whole population should be compelled to unite and find a residence upon Gourbi Island, there did not appear any reason to question but that eight hundred acres of rich soil, under good man- agement, would yield them all an ample sus- tenance. The only critical matter was how long the cold season would last; every hope depended upon the land again becoming productive; at present, it seemed impossible to determine, even if Gallia's orbit were really elliptical, when she would reach her aphelion, and it was consequently neces- sary that the Gallians for the time being should reckon on nothing beyond their actual and present resources. These resources were, first, the provisions of the Dobryna, consisting of preserved meat, sugar, wine, 