Where Do New York's "Missing Women" Go? "Alice, please come home. Mother heartbroken. All is forgiven." Another innocent girl "missing!" Another heart torn by anguish! Another mystery unsolved! 1,911 MISSING GIRLS Were Reported Last Year! WHERE DID THEY GO? WHAT HORRIBLE SECRETS LAY AT THE ROOT OF THEIR DISAPPEARANCES? The river . . . the marshes . . . and often a God-forsaken rooming house gives up the dead body of one of these unfortunate girls. But what of those who continue to live in shame--humilia- tion--and black despair? To rescue them from a living death--to check this greatest of social evils--to break up the systematic debauchery of women by daring publicity--that is what Ex-Commissioner Richard E. En- right has set out to do. Former Police Commissioner Enright. ENRIGHT Discloses Horrors of "White Slave" Traffic It is estimated that more than 700 young girls have been engulfed in the gigantic "white slave" ring operating in northern New Jersey and New York during the last year. These girls, it is claimed, were actually sold to 200 "road houses" that were operated as efficiently as a chain of grocery stores. The girls were shifted from one dive to another on alternate weeks. When new girls were wanted, the "White Slave" Ring would advertise for girls to fill vari- ous domestic positions at attractive salaries; Those whose beauty of face and figure marked them for their doom were snared and shown the "easy road" to a life of luxury. But was it really the lure of a "life of luxury" that dragged these girls down to a life of shame? Or was it the hideous ruthlessness with which the ring operated? Or was it perhaps some terrify- ing, mysterious influence which these monsters in human form had upon the minds of certain young women? Such are some of the horrifying questions with which Richard E. Enright deals in his sensation- al series of articles on the "White Slave" Traffic. Commencing in the April issue of Police Stories, Enright takes up every phase of this infamous commerce in hapless human beings. He traces the "traffic in souls" in New York from 1900 to the present day and gives the public the full facts. No mother or father who has a daughter, nor anyone who has a heartfelt interest in the welfare of any helpless, innocent young girl, can afford to miss a single page of these astonishing disclos- ures. Enright has accepted the editorship of Police Stories so that he may continue to be of real service to New York. His series on the "White Slave" Traffic is the first of many sensa- tional disclosures regarding social evils which he will try to eradicate. Who murdered Dot King? What strange facts are connected with the grue- some murder of Joseph Elwell? Who was responsible for the horrible Wall Street Disaster? These are only a few of the mysteries which former Police Commissioner Enright will discuss in detail. Read the first article in the April issue of Police Stories. See coupon for special introductory offer. SPECIAL OFFER If you love action, mystery, thrills--if you like to be held spellbound by gripping, exciting stories of criminals and po- lice, if you like to peek behind the curtains of the most sensa- tional murders, then learn the truth--if you like to read about death-defying deeds of love, passion, hate--of red-blooded men and elemental women--then you must read Police Stories. Each page will fascinate, enchant you--and leave you tingling with excitement. A special introductory offer entitles you to a five months subscription to Police Stories for only $1.00. Act now--mail the coupon and read the fist installment of Enright's sensa- tional "White Slave" disclosures. POLICE STORIES Introductory Offer--Send Coupon POLICE STORIES, Dept. A-S. 132 West 31st St., New York. Gentlemen: In order to read all of former Police Commissioner Enright's startling revelations I en- close $1.00 for Special Five Month's Introductory Subscription. Name Address City State 