THE EGGS FROM LAKE TANGANYIKA 349 fabulous stories," he said, and approached the visi- tors. "Professor Meyer-Maier? Major Pritzel- Wilzell! Can you explain all this?" "I brought home with me four large eggs from my African expedition, for examination. Tonight these eggs broke open. Four great flies came out--a sort of tse-tse fly, such as is found on Lake Tanganyika. The creatures escaped through the window and we must make every endeavor to kill them at once." The telephone bell rang as if possessed. "This is the Central Broadcasting Station. A giant bird has been caught in the high voltage lines. It has fallen down and lies on the street." "Close the street at once." The major took up the instrument. "Call up the Second Company. Let all four flying companies go off with munition and gas- oline for three days. Come with me my friends, we will get at least one of them!" An armored automobile came tearing along at a frightful speed. "We appreciate your foresight, Major," said Meyer-Maier, as they stepped into the steel-armored machine. One of the Giant Flies Is Electrocuted ALTHOUGH it was five o'clock in the morn- ing, the square in front of the broadcasting station was black with people. The police kept a space clear in the center, where monstrously large and ugly, lay the dead giant fly. Its wings were burnt, its proboscis extended, while the legs, with their claws, were drawn up against the body. The abdomen was a great ball, full of bright red liquid. "That is certainly the creature that killed the horse," said Schmidt-Schimitt, and pointed at the thick abdomen. He then walked around the crea- ture. "Glossina palpalis. A monstrous tse-tse fly." "Will you please send the monster to the zoological laboratory?" The major nodded assent. The fire- men, prepared for service, pushed poles under the insect and tried to lift it up from the ground. Out of the air came a droning sound. An airplane squadron dropped out of the clouds and again disap- peared. A bright body with vibrating wings flew across the sky. The airplanes dropped on it. The noise of the machine-guns staged. The bright body fell in a spiral course to the ground. Crying and screaming, the people fled from the street and crowded into the houses. They couldn't tell where the insect would fall and they were afraid of their heads. The street was empty in an instant. The body of the monster fell directly in front of the armored car and lay there, stiff. In its fall it car- ried away a lot of aerial cable and now it lay on the pavement as if caught in a net, the head torn by the machine gun bullets. It looked like a strange gleam- ing cactus. "Take me to my home, Major," groaned Meyer- Maier. "I can't stand it any longer. The excite- ment is too much for me." In the Hospital THE armored car started noisily into motion. Meyer-Maier fell from the seat, senseless, up- on the floor of the tonneau. When he came to himself, he lay in a strange bed. His gaze fell upon a bell which swung to and fro above his face. In his head there was a humming like an airplane motor. He made no attempt, even to think. His finger pressed the push-button and he never released it until half-a-dozen attendants came rushing into the room. One figure stood out in dark colors, in the group of white-clad interns. It was his colleague, Schmidt-Schmitt. "You're awake?" said he, and stepped to his bed. "How are you feeling?" "My head is buzzing as if there were a swarm of hornets living in it. How many hours have I lain here?" "Hours?" Schmidt-Schmitt dwelt upon the word. "Today is the fifteenth day that you are lying in Professor Stiebling's sanitorium. It was a difficult case. You always woke up at meal-time and without saying a word, went to sleep again." "Fifteen days!" cried Meyer-Maier excitedly. "And the insects? Have they been killed?" "I'll tell you the whole story when you are well again," said Schmidt-Schmitt, quieting him. "Lie as you are, quietly--any excitement may hurt you." "They must not come into the room!" he screamed out to an excited messenger, who breathlessly pull- ed the door open. "Professor! --" the man was in deadly fear - "the Central Police station has given out the news that a swarm of giant flies are descending up- on the city." "Barricade all windows at once!" "You wasted precious time," screamed Meyer- Maier, and jumped out of the bed. "Let me go to my house. I must solve the riddle as to how to get at the insects. Don't touch me," he raved. He snatched a coat from the rack, ran out of the house, and jumped into Schmidt-Schmitt's automobile which stood at the gate, and went like the wind, to his home. The door of his house was ajar. He rushed up four flights and in delirious haste rushed into his workroom. The telephone bell rang. The Danger Is Over MEYER-MAIER snatched up the receiver. He got the consoling message from the city police commissioner: "The danger is over, Professor. Our air-squadron has destroyed the swarm with a cloud of poison-gas. Only two of the insects escaped death. These we have caught in a net and are taking them to the zoological gardens." "And if they have left eggs behind them?" "We are going to search the woods systematically and will inject Lysol into any eggs we find. I think that will help," laughed the Major. "Shall I send some of them to you for examination?" "No," cried Meyer-Maier in fright. "Keep them off my neck." He sat down at his work-tabie. There seemed a vicious smile on the face of the transfixed dead tse- tse fly. "You frightful ghost," murmured the pro- fessor with pallid lips, and threw a book on the in- sect. His head was in a daze. He tried his best to think clearly. An axiom of science came to him: if the flies are as large as elephants, they can only progagate as fast as elephants do. They can't have a million young ones, but only a few. "I can't be wrong," he murmured. "I'll look up the confirma- tion." He took up the telephone and called the city Com- missioner. "Major, how many insects were in the swarm?" (Continued on page 384)