56 AMAZING STORIES the distance rapidly grew less, and as they drew nearer the pylon they could see that it was erected on a low mass of rocks that was the sole interrup- tion to the dull level of the field of ice. No wreath of smoke rose above the little island; it was mani- festly impossible, they conceived, that any human being could thei'e have survived the cold; the sad presentiment forced itself upon their minds that it. was a mere cairn to which they had been hurrying. Ten minutes later, and they were so near the rock that the lieutenant took in his sail, convinced that the impetus already attained would be sufficient to carry him to the land. Servadac's heart bounded as he caught sight of a fragment of blue canvas flut- tering in the wind from the top of the pylon: it was all that now remained of the French national stand- ard. At the foot of the pylon stood a miserable shed, its shutters tightly closed. No other habita- tion was to be seen; the entire island was less than a quarter of a mile in circumference; and the con- clusion was irresistible that it was the sole surviv- ing remnant of Formentera, once a member of the Balearic Archipelago. To leap on shore, to clamber over the slippery stones, and to reach the cabin was but the work of a few moments. The worm-eaten door was bolted on the inside. Servadac began to knock with all his might. No answer. Neither shouting nor knocking could draw forth a reply. "Let us force it open, Procope!" he said. The two men put their shoulders to the door, which soon yielded to their vigorous efforts, and they found themselves inside the shed, and in almost total darkness. By opening a shutter they admitted what daylight they could. At first sight the wretched place seemed to be deserted; the little grate contained the ashes of a fire long since extin- guished; all looked black and desolate. Another instant's investigation, however, revealed a bed in the extreme corner, and extended on the bed a hu- man form. "Dead!" sighed Servadac; "dead of cold and hun- ger!" Lieutenant Procope bent down and anxiously con- templated the body. "No; he is alive!" he said, and drawing a small flask from his pocket he poured a few drops of brandy between the lips of the senseless man. There was a faint sigh, followed by a feeble voice, which uttered the one word, "Gallia?" "Yes, yes! Gallia!" echoed Servadac, eagerly. "My comet, my comet!" said the voice, so low as to be almost inaudible, and the unfortunate man relapsed again into unconsciousness. "Where have I seen this man?" thought Servadac to himself; "his face is strangely familiar to me." But it was no time for deliberation. Not a mo- ment was to be lost in getting the unconscious astronomer away from his desolate quarters. He was soon conveyed to the yawl; his books, his scanty wardrobe, his papers, his instruments, and the blackboard which had served for his calculations, were quickly collected; the wind, by a fortuitous providence, had shifted into a favorable quarter; they set their sail with all speed, and ere long were on their journey back from Formentera. Thirty-six hours later, the brave travelers were greeted by the acclamations of their fellow-colo- nists, who had been most anxiously awaiting their reappearance, and the still senseless savant, who had neither opened his eyes nor spoken a word throughout the journey, was safely deposited in the warmth and security of the great hall of Nina's Hive. END OF FIRST BOOK (Concluded in May issue) Now that you have looked over the first issue of AMAZING STORIES, the editor would very much like to know how you like the new magazine. In the coming issues we shall probably run a department entitled "Readers' Letters", which will be a forum where our readers can discuss the various problems in connection with these stories. Very often you are puzzled over certain scientific matter contained in stories of this kind and wish to get more information. We shall try hard to keep this new department for the benefit of all, and will try to publish all letters received from readers of AMAZING STORIES. If, on the other hand, you have comments, criticisms, and suggestions, be good enough to let us have all of these. The editor would also like to know whether you like the present makeup of the magazine; that is, one story in two parts, as, for instance, the one we present this month, "Off on a Comet", with the balance in the next issue--or whether you would rather have the complete story in one issue, without the short stories as printed in the present number. Rest assured that the editor will be guided by the majority at all times. A word from you will be greatly appreciated. --EDITOR. 