96 AMAZING STORIES the mesmeric trance. I made use of the customary passes. These, for a time, were unsuccessful. The first indication of revival was afforded by a partial descent of the iris. It was observed, as especially remarkable, that this lowering of the pupil was accompanied by the profuse out-flowing of a yel- lowish ichor (from beneath the lids) of a pungent and highly offensive odor. It was now suggested that I should attempt to influence the patient's arm, as heretofore. I made the attempt and failed. Dr. F- then intimated a desire to have me put a question. I did so as follows: "M. Valdemar, can you explain to us what are your feelings or wishes now?" There was an instant return of the hectic circles on the cheeks; the tongue quivered, or rather rolled violently in the mouth (although the jaws and lips remained rigid as before); and at length the same hideous voice which I have already described, broke forth: "For God's sake!--quick!--quick!--put me to sleep--or, quick!--waken me!--quick!--I say to you that I am dead!" I was thoroughly unnerved, and /or an instant remained undecided what to do. At fir.'t 1 made an endeavor to recompose (he patient; hut. failing in this through total abeyai.ee of the will, 1 re- traced my steps and as earnestly struggled to awaken him. In this attempt 1 soon saw that I should be successful--or at least I soon fancied that my success would be complete--and I am sure that all in the room were prepared to see the patient awaken. For what really occurred, however, it is quite impossible that any human being could have been prepared. As I rapidly made the mesmeric passes, amid ejaculations of "dead! dead!" absolutely bursting from the tongue and not from the lips of the sufferer, his whole frame at once--within the space of a single minute, or even less, shrunk--crumbled --absolutely rotted' away beneath my hands. Upon the bed, before that whole company, there lay a nearly liquid mass of loathsome--of detestable putrescence. THE END The New Accelerator By H. G. WELLS (Concluded) preparation is a manageable convenience, but its practicability is certainly demonstrated beyond all cavil. Since that adventure he has been steadily bring- ing its use under control, and I have several times and without the slightest bad result, taken measured doses under his direction; though I must confess I have not yet ventured abroad again while under its influence. I may mention, for example, that this story has been written at one sitting and with- out interruption, except for the nibbling of some chocolate, by its means. I began at 6:25, and my watch is now very nearly at the minute past'the half-hour. The convenience of securing a long, un- interrupted spell of work in the midst of a day full of engagements cannot be exaggerated. Gibberne' is now working at the quantitative handling of his preparation, with especial reference to its distinc- tive effects upon different types of constitution. He then hopes to find a Retarder with which to dilute its present rather excessive potency. The Retarder will, of course, have an effect the reverse of the Accelerator's; used alone it should enable the patient to spread a few seconds over many hours of ordinary time, and so to maintain an apathetic in- action, a glacier-like absence of alacrity, amidst the most animated or irritating surroundings. The two things together must necessarily work an entire revolution in civilized existence. It is the beginning of our escape from that Time Garment of which Carlyle speaks. While this Accelerator will enable us to concentrate ourselves with tremendous impact upon any moment or occasion that demands our ut- most sense and vigor, the Retarder will enable us to pass in passive tranquility through infinite hard- ship and tedium. Perhaps I am a little optimistic about the Retarder, which has indeed still to be discovered, but about the Accelerator there is no possible sort of doubt whatever. Its appearance upon the market in a convenient, controllable, and assimilable form is a matter of the next few months. It will be obtainable of all chemists and druggists, in small green bottles, at a high but, considering its extraordinary qualities, by no means excessive price. Gibbeme's Nervous Accelerator it will be called, and he hopes to be able to supply it in three strengths; one in 200, one in 900, and one in 2,000, distinguished by yellow, pink, and white labels re- spectively. No doubt its use renders a great number of very extraordinary things possible; for, of course, the most remarkable and, possibly, even criminal pro- ceedings may be effected with impunity by thus dodging, as it were, into the interstices of time. Like all potent preparations it will be liable to abuse. We have, however, discussed this aspect of the ques- tion very thoroughly, and we have decided that this is purely a matter of medical jurisprudence and altogether outside our province. We shall manu- facture and sell the Accelerator, and, as for the consequences--we shall see. (The End) DR. HACKENSAW'S SECRETS THOSE who read the famous Dr. Hackensaw's Secrets in SCIENCE AND INVENTION magazine, may be interested to know 1 that we have on hand a great many of Dr. Hackensaw's manuscripts which have never been published hitherto. Before printing these in AMAZING STORIES, however, we would like to have an expression from our readers as to just how they feel about these stories, and whether they would like to have more of them. Won't you please write the editor a few lines, stating your feelings in this matter?--EDITOR. 