STAION X 311 now appeared the wisdom of Captain Evered in writing to Professor Rudge; for had he not done so, nothing further would have been heard of Mac- rae's experiences on the island of Station X. The letter he received had not contained much in- formation, but enough to make him want to know more. He had an interview with the First Lord and, as a result, Macrae's account of his experiences was placed in his hands, with the request that all requisite caution should be employed. Professor Rudge read Macrae's account with un- bounded astonishment. When he had read the pages a second time his mind was made up. He was a man of quick decision, and equally quick action. The next morning Macrae received a letter from Professor Rudge, enclosing a remittance for ex- penses, and asking him as a favor to come back to town, and call on him at his earliest convenience, "with a view to the further investigation of your recent remarkable experience." This phrase showed Macrae that his correspondent must be in touch with the authorities, and he felt bound to comply at once, although not without a grumble both on his part and that of his fiancee. Examination of the Operator AGAIN Macrae found himself put through an examination. This time it was more search- ing, more detailed, more minute, than any he had had before. Absolutely no point escaped the savant. He was at least as competent as Dr. Ander- son to investigate the examinee as to his mental health, far more competent to probe his character, disposition, ways of thought and general knowledge, and form an accurate opinion as to his personal peculiarities. Macrae himself described the pro- cess as that of being turned completely inside out. Before it was finished he had taken a great lik- ing to the Professor. The training of the scientist had taught Professor Rudge to approach his sub- ject without prejudice, and, under the influence of his sympathetic manner, Macrae opened out and laid himself bare, as he would not have believed possible. Next, the conversation was turned on the radio installation at the station, and Macrae found that, on the subject he knew most of, his knowledge was small compared with that of his examiner. He was questioned on every detail, however apparently irrelevant. Professor Rudge Decidcs to Visit Station X FINALLY they went through, almost word for word, the communications of "the voice." In- numerable questions were asked respecting the voice itself. He was very especially questioned, he could not tell why, regarding any peculiarity in respect to stress or accent on the various syllables, and modulation of intonation. He was able to reply very intelligently to this, being quick to understand the meaning of the question, no doubt the more so from being himself bi-lingual. He noticed that the Professor seemed pleased at eliciting the informa- tion that, while the articulation and pronunciation were accurate, accent and modulation were notably deficient, making the style rather monotonous. A special peculiarity volunteered by Macrae, was that every sentence seemed to end abruptly, with no fall- ing of the voice, as though, in fact, it had been in- tended to add more. At last, when the examination seemed almost over, Macrae himself ventured to put the question as to what conclusion, if any, his questioner had come to. "I have come to several, Macrae; and as I ob- served that you have an uncomfortable feeling that people will doubt your sincerity, let me at once say that such a thing is not intelligently possible. Even with the greatest desire to deceive, you could not possibly have duped me for a moment on this mat- ter." "The voice spoke to me?" asked Macrae eagerly. "Undoubtedly. There is not the least possibility that you are yourself deceived in that," replied the professor. "I am very glad I came to see you, sir," said Macrae, with a sigh of relief; "and all I ask now is to forget the whole thing, voice, island and all." "Then you ask a great deal too much, my boy!" said Professor Rudge, with a smile. "Shall I tell you how much you have interested me? The best way to do so is to tell you the intention I have formed. I am going to visit Station X, and I am go- ing to take you with me!" {To be Continued in the August Issue) Back Numbers of 'Amazing Stories' NO doubt you will be interested to know, if you have not yet secured them, that back numbers of Amazing Stories can be secured from this office, at the rate of 25c per copy (coin or stamps) postpaid, as long as the supply lasts. Contents of the first (April) issue: ''Off on a Comet" (Part I) by Jules Verne. "The New Accelerator." by H. G. Wells. ''The Man From the Atom," (First part), by G. Peyton Wer- tenbaker. "The Thing from--Outside," by George Allen England. "The Man Who Saved the Earth," by Austin Hall. ''The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar," by Edgar Allan Poe. Contents of the May issue: "A Trip to the Center of the Earth," by Jules Verne, (Part I). "Mesmeric Revelation," by Edgar Allan Poe. "The Crystal Egg," by H. G. Wells. "The Infinite Vision," by Charles C. Winn. Continuations: "The Man from the Atom" and "Off on a Comet." Contents of the June issue: "The Coming of the Ice," by G. Peyton Wertenbaker. "Tho Scientific Adventures of Mr. Fosdick." Mr. Fosdick Invents the "Seidlitzmobile," by Jacque Morgan. "The Star," by H. G. Wells. "Whispering Ether," by Charles S. Wolfe. "The Runaway Skyscraper," by Murray Leinster. "An Experiment in Gyro-Hats," by Ellis Parker Butler. "The Malignant Entity," by Otis Adelbert Kline. "Doctor Hackensasv's Secrets." Some Minor Inventions--by Clement Fezandie. Continuation: "A Trip to the Center of the Earth." Address: EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., 53 Park Place, New York City