88 AMAZING STORIES He knew. But knowing as he did, he was over- come by the horror. Such a thing turned loose upon the earth! He had lost many hours; he had but a few hours remaining. The thought gave him sud- den energy. He seized Winters by the arm. "To the first town, Bob. To the first town--an aerodome." There was speed in that motor for all its decades. Winters turned about and shot out in a lateral course parallel to the great chasm. But for all his speed he could not keep back his question. "In the name of Heaven, Charley, what did it? What is it?" Came the answer; and it drove the lust of all speed through Winters: "Bob," said Charley, "it is the end of the world-- if we don't make it. But a few hours left. We must have an airplane. I must make the moun- tain." It was enough for Wild Bob. He settled down. It was only an old runabout; but he could get speed out of a wheelbarrow. He had never driven a race like this. Just once did he speak. The words were characteristic. "A world's record, Charley. And we're going to win. Just watch us." And they did. There was no time lost in the change. The mere fact of Huyck's name, his appearance and the man- ner of his arrival was enough. For the last hours messages had been pouring in at every post in the Rocky Mountains for Charley Huyck. After the failure of all others many thousands had thought of him. Even the government, unappreciative before, had awakened to a belated and almost frantic eagerness. Orders were out that everything, no matter what, was to be at his disposal. He had been regarded as visionary; but in the face of what had occurred, visions were now the most practical things for mankind. Besides, Professor Williams had sent out to the world the strange portent of Huyck's note. For years there had been mystery on that mountain. Could it be? Unfortunately we cannot give it the description we would like to give. Few men outside of the reg- ular employees have ever been to the Mountain of Robold. From the very first, owing perhaps to the great forces stored, and the danger of carelessness, strangers and visitors had been barred. Then, too, the secrecy of Dr. Robold--and the respect of his successor. But we do know that the burning glass had grown into the mountain. Bob Winters and the aviator are the only ones -to tell us; the employees, one and all, chose to re- main. The cataclysm that followed destroyed the work of Huyck and Robold--but not until it had served the greatest deed that ever came out of the minds of men. And had it not been for Huyck's in- sistence we would not have even the account that we are giving. It was he who insisted, nay, begged, that his com- panions return while there was yet a chance. Full well he knew. Out of the universe, out of space he had coaxed the forces that would burn up the earth. The great ball of luminous opalescence, and the diminishing ocean! There was but one answer. Through the imagi- native genius of Robold and Huyck, fate had work- ed up to the moment. The lad and the burning glass had grown to Archimedes. What happened? The plane neared the Mountain of Robold. The great bald summit and the four enormous globes of crystal. At least we so assume. We have Winter's word and that of the aviator that they were of the appearance of glass. Perhaps they were not; but we can assume it for description. So enormous that were they set upon a plain they would have overtopped the highest building ever constructed; though on the height of the mountain, and in its contrast, they were not much more than golf balls. It was not their size but their effect that was startling. They were alive. At least that is what we have from Winters. Living, luminous, burning, twisting within with a thousand blending, iridescent beautiful colors. Not like electricity but something infinitely more powerful. Great mysterious mag- nets that Huyck had charged out of chaos. Glowing with the softest light; the whole mountain bright- ened as in a dream, and the town of Robold at its base lit up with a beauty that was past beholding. It was new to Winters. The great buildings and the enormous machinery. Engines of strangest pat- tern, driven by forces that the rest of the world had not thought of. Not a sound; the whole works a complicated mass covering a hundred acres, driv- ing with a silence that was magic. Not a whir nor friction. Like a living composite body pulsing and breathing the strange and mysterious force that had been evolved from Huyck's theory of kinetics. The four great steel conduits running from the globes down the side of the mountain. In the center, at a point midway between the globes, a massive steel needle hung on a pivot and pointed directly at the sun. Winters and the aviator noted it and wondered. From the lower end of the needle was pouring a luminous stream of pale-blue opalescence, a stream much like a liquid, and of an unholy.radiance. But it was not a liquid, nor fire, nor anything seen by man before. It was force. We have no better description than the apt phrase of Winters. Charley Huyck was milking the sun, as it dropped from the end of the four living streams to the four globes that took it into storage. The four great, wonderful living globes; the four batteries; the very sight of their imprisoned beauty and power was magnetic. The genius of Huyck and Robold! Nobody but the wildest dreamers would have conceived it. The life of the sun. And captive to man; at his will and volition. And in the next few minutes we were to lose it all! But in losing it we were to save our- selves. It was fate and nothing else. There was but one thing more upon the moun- tain--the observatory and another needle appar- ently idle; but with a point much like a gigantic phonograph needle. It rose square out of the ob- servatory, and to Winters it gave an impression of a strange gun, or some implement for sighting. That was all. Coming with the speed that they were making, the airmen had no time for further investigation. But even this is comprehensive. Minus the force. If we only knew more about that or even its theory we might perhaps reconstruct the 