90 AMAZING STORIES whatever it was that Huyck had seen, was not caught by the professor. Still, he wondered. "If the world goes up you will know I have not reached the mountain." What was the meaning? But he was not worried. The professor loved Huyck as a visionary and smiled not a little at his delightful fancies. Doubtless this was one of them. It was not until the news came flashing out of Oak- land that he began to take it seriously. Then fol- lowed the disappearance of Mount Heckla. "If the world goes up"--it began to look as if the words had meaning. There was a frantic professor during the next few days. When he was not with the lens he was flashing out messages to the world for Charley Huyck. He did not know that Huyck was lying un- conscious and almost dead upon the desert. That the world was coming to catastrophe he knew full well; but where was the man to save it? And most of all, what had his friend meant by the words, "look these up"? Surely there must be some further infoi'mation. Through the long, long hours he stayed with the lens and waited. And he found nothing. It was three days. Who will ever forget them? Surely not Professor Williams. He was sweating blood. The whole world was going to pieces with- out the trace of an explanation. All the mathema- tics, all the accumulations of the ages had availed for nothing. Charley Huyck held the secret. It was in the stars, and not an astronomer could find it. But with the seventeenth hour came the turn of fortune. The professor was passing through the office. The door was open, and the same fitful wind which had played the original prank was now just as fitfully performing restitution. Williams noticed a piece of paper protruding from the back of the bookcase and fluttering in the breeze. He picked it up. The first words that he saw were in the hand- writing of Charley Huyck. He read: , "In the last extremity--in the last phase when there is no longer any water on the earth; when even the oxygen of the atmospheric envelope has been reduced to a minimum--man, or whatever form of intelligence is then upon the earth, must go back to the laws which governed his forebears. Necessity must ever be the law of evolution. There will be no water upon the earth, but there will be an unlimited quantity elsewhere. "By that time, for instance, the great planet, Jupi- ter, will be in just a convenient state for exploita- tion. Gaseous now, it will be, by that time, in just about the stage when the steam and. water are condensing into ocean. Eons of millions of years away in the days of dire necessity. By that time the intelligence and consciousness of the earth will have grown equal to the task. "It is a thing to laugh at (perhaps) just at present. But when we consider the ratio of man's advance in the last hundred years, what will it be in a bil- lion? Not all the laws of the universe have been discovered, by any means. At present we know nothing. Who can tell? "Aye, who can tell? Perhaps we oui-selves have in store the fate we would mete out to another. We have a very dangerous neighbor close beside us. Mars is in dire straits for water. And we know there is life on Mars and intelligence! The very fact on its face proclaims it. The oceans have dried up; the only way they have of holding life is by bringing their water from the polar snow-caps. Their canals pronounce an advanced state of coop- erative intelligence; there is life upon Mars and in an advanced stage of evolution. "But how far advanced? It is a small planet, and consequently eons of ages in advance of the earth's evolution. In the nature of things Mars cooled off quickly, and life was possible there while the earth was yet a gaseous mass. She has gone to her ma- turity and into her retrogression; she is approach- ing her end. She has had less time to produce intel- ligence than intelligence will have--in the end-- upon the earth. "How far has this intelligence progressed? That is the question. Nature is a slow worker. It took eons of ages to put life upon the earth; it took eons of more ages to make this life conscious. How far will it go? How far has it gone on Mars?" That was as far the the comments went. The professor dropped his eyes to the rest of the paper. It was a map of the face of Mars, and across its center was a black cross scratched by the dull point of a soft pencil. He knew the face of Mars. It was the Ascrseus Lucus. The oasis at the juncture of a series of canals running much like the spokes of a wheel. The great Uranian and Alander Canals coming in at about right angles. In two jumps the professor was in the observa- tory with the great lens swung to focus. It was the great moment out of his lifetime, and the strangest and most eager moment, perhaps, ever lived by any astronomer. His fingers fairly twitch- ed with tension. There before his view was the full face of our Martian neighbor! But was it? He gasped out a breath of startled exclamation. Was it Mars that he gazed at; the whole face, the whole thing had been changed be- fore him. Mars has ever been red. Viewed through the telescope it has had the most beautiful tinge imag- inable, red ochre, the weird tinge of the desert in sunset. The color of enchantment and of hell! For it is so. We know that for ages and ages the planet has been burning up; that life was pos- sible only in the dry sea-bottoms and under irriga- tion. The rest, where the continents once were, was blazing desert. The redness, the beauty, the en- chantment that we so admired was burning hell. All this had changed. Instead of this was a beautiful shade of iridescent green. The red was gone forever. The great planet standing in the heavens had grown into infin- ite glory. Like the great Dog Star transplanted. The professor sought out the Ascrsus Lucus. It was hard to find. The whole face had been trans- figured ; where had been canals was now the beauti- ful sheen of green and verdure. He realized what he was beholding and what he had never dreamed of seeing; the seas of Mars filled up. With the stolen oceans our grim neighbor had come back to youth. But how had it been done. It was horror for our world. The great luminescent ball of Opalescence 1 Europe frozen and New York a mass of ice. It was the earth's destruction. How 