The MAN from the ATOM By G. Peyton Wertenbaker I looked down, and Professor Martyn, a tiny spcck in an automobile far below, waved up to me cheerfully as he started his car and began to speed away. He was fleeing the immediate danger of my growth, when my feet would begin to cover an immense area, until I could be almost entirely in space. I AM a lost soul, and I am homesick. Yes, homesick. Yet how vain is homesickness when one is without a home! I can but be sick for a home that has gone. For my home departed millions of years ago, and there is now not even a trace of its former existence. Millions of years ago, I say, in all truth and earnestness. But I must tell the tale--though there is no man left to understand it. I well remember that morning when my friend, Professor Mar- tyn, called me to him on a matter of the greatest importance. I may explain that the Professor was one of those mysterious out- casts, geniuses whom Science would not recognize because they scorned the pettiness of the men who represented Science. Mar- tyn was first of all a scientist, but almost as equally he was a man of intense imagination, and where the ordinary man crept along from detail to de- tail and required a complete model before being able to visualize the results of his work, Professor Martyn first grasped the great re- sults of his contempla- ted work, the vast, far- reaching effects, and then built with the end in view. The Professor had few friends. Ordinary men avoided him be- cause they were unable t o understand the greatness of his vision. Where he plainly saw pictures of worlds and universes, they vainly groped among pictures of his words on printed pages. That was their impression of a word. A group of letters. His was of the picture it presented in his mind. I, however, though I had not the slightest claim to scientific knowledge, was romantic to a high degree, and always willing to carry out his strange experi- ments for the sake of the adventure and the strangeness of it all. And so the advantages were equal. I had a mysterious personage ready to fur- nish me with the unusual. He had a willing sub- ject to try out his inventions, for he reasoned quite naturally that should he himself perform the ex- periments, the world would be in danger of losing a mentality it might eventually have need of. And so it was that I hurried to him without the slightest hesitation upon that, to me, momentous day of days in my life. I little realized the great change that soon would come over my existence, yet I knew that I was in for an adventure, certainly 62 