A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 217 alarm, ''you are not surely thinking of anything so absurd or cowardly. No, my intention is to ad- vance and continue our journey. We have as yet been singularly fortunate, and henceforth I hope we shall be more so." "But," said I, "how are we to cross yonder liquid plain?" "It is not my intention to leap into it head fore- most, or even to swim across it, like Leander over the Hellespont. But as oceans are, after all, only great lakes, inasmuch as they are surrounded by land, so does it stand to reason, that this central sea is circumscribed by granite surroundings." "Doubtless," was my natural reply. "Well, then, do you not think that when once we reach the other end, we shall find some means of continuing our journey?" "Probably, but what extent do you allow to this internal ocean?" "I should fancy it to extend about forty or fifty leagues--more or less." "But even supposing this approximation to be a correct one--what then?" I asked. "My dear boy, we have no time for further dis- cussion. We shall embark to-morrow." I looked around with surprise and incredulity. I could see nothing in the shape of boat or vessel. "What!" I cried, "we are about to launch out upon an unknown sea; and where, if I may ask, is the vessel to carry us?" "Well, my dear boy, it will not be exactly what you would call a vessel. For the present we must be content with a good and solid raft." "A raft," I cried, incredulously, "but down here a raft is as impossible of construction as a vessel --and I am at a loss to imagine--" "My good Harry--if you were to listen instead of talking so much, you would hear," said my uncle, waxing a little impatient. "I should hear?" "Yes--certain knocks with the hammer, which Hans is now employing to make the raft. He has been at work for many hours." "But where has he found trees suitable for such a construction?" "He found the trees all ready to his hand. Come, and you shall see our excellent guide at work." More and more amazed at what I heard and saw, I followed my uncle like one in a dream. After a walk of about a quarter of an hour, I saw Hans at work on the other side of the promonotory which formed our natural port. A few minutes more and I was beside him! To my great surprise, on the sandy shore lay a half-finished raft. It was made from beams of a very peculiar wood, and a great number of limbs, joints, boughs, and pieces lay about, sufficient to have constructed a fleet of ships and boats. I turned to my uncle, silent with astonishment and awe. "Where did all this wood come from?" I,cried; "what wood is it?" "Well, there is pine-wood, fir, and the palms of the northern regions, mineralized by the action of the sea," he replied, sententiously. "Can it be possible?" "Yes," sai'd the learned Professor, "what you see is called fossil wood." "But then," cried I, after reflecting for a moment, "like the agates, it must be as hard and as heavy as stone, and therefore will certainly not float." "Sometimes that is the case. Many of these woods have become true anthracites, but others again, like those you see before you, have_ only undergone one phase of fossil transformation. But there is no proof like demonstration," added my uncle, picking one or two of these precious waifs and casting them into the sea. The piece of wood, after having disappeared for a moment, came to the surface, and floated about with the oscillation produced by wind and tide. "Are you convinced?" said my uncle, with a self- satisfied smile. "I am convinced," I cried, "that what I see is incredible." The fact was that my journey into the interior of the earth was rapidly changing all preconceived notions, and day by day preparing me for the mar- velous. I should not have been surprised to have seen a float of native canoes afloat upon that silent sea. The very next evening, thanks to the industry and ability of Hans, the raft was finished. It was about ten feet long and five feet wide. The beams bound together with stout ropes, were solid and firm, and once launched by our united efforts, the improvised vessel floated tranquilly upon the waters of what the Professor had well named the Central Sea. CHAPTER XXIX On the Waters--A Raft Voyage ON the 13th of August we were up betimes. There was no time to be lost. We now had _to inaugurate a new kind of locomotion, which would have the advantage of being rapid and not fatiguing. A mast, made of two pieces of wood fastened together, to give additional strength, a yard made from another one, the sail a linen sheet from our bed. We were fortunately in no want of cordage, and the whole on trial appeared solid and seaworthy. At six o'clock in the morning, when the eager and enthusiastic Professor gave the signal to em- bark, the victuals, the luggage, all our instruments, our weapons, and a goodly supply of sweet water, which we had collected from springs in the rocks, were placed on the raft. Hans had, with consid- erable ingenuity, contrived a rudder, which en- abled him to guide the floating apparatus with ease. He took the tiller, as a matter of course. The worthy man was as good a sailor as he was a guide and duck-hunter. I then let go the painter which held us to the shore, the sail was brought to the wind, and we made a rapid offing. Our sea voyage had at length commenced; and once more we were making for distant and unknown regions. Just as we were about to leave the little port where the raft had been constructed, my uncle, who was very strong as to geographic nomenclature, wanted to give it a name and among others, sug- gested mine. "Well," said I, "before you decide I have another to propose." "Well; out with it." 