OFF ON A COMET 41 look there!" And as Ben Zoof spoke, he pointed to some scythes, and sickles, and other implements of husbandry that had been left upon the ground. ‘‘What is it you mean?" asked Servadac, getting somewhat impatient. "Hush, hush! listen!" was all Ben Zoof's reply; and he raised his finger as if in warning. Listening attentively, Servadac and his associates could distinctly recognize a human voice, accom- panied by the notes of a guitar and by the measured click of castanets. "Spaniards!" said Servadac. "No mistake about that, sir," replied Ben Zoof; "a Spaniard would rattle his castanets at the can- non's mouth." "But what is the meaning of it all?" asked the captain, more puzzled, than before. "Hark!" said Ben Zoof; "it is the old man's turn." And then a voice, at once gruff and harsh, was heard vociferating, "My money! my money! when will you pay me my money? Pay me what you owe me, you miserable majos." Meanwhile the song continued: "Tu sandunga y cigarro, Y una cana de Jerez, Mi jamelgo y un trabuco, Que mas gloria puede haver?" Servadac's knowledge of Gascon enabled him partially to comprehend the rollicking tenor of the Spanish patriotic air, but his attention was again arrested bv the voice of the old man growling sav- agely, "Pay me you shall; yes, by the God of Abra- ham, you shall pay me." "A Jew!" exclaimed Servadac. "Ay, sir, a German Jew," said Ben Zoof. The party was on the point of entering the thick- et, when a singular spectacle made them pause. A group of Spaniards had just begun dancing their national fandango, and the extraordinary lightness which had become the physical property of every object in the new planet made the dancers bound to a height of thirty feet or more into the air, con- siderably above the tops of the trees. What fol- lowed was irresistibly comic. Four sturdy majos had dragged along with them an old man incapable of resistance, and compelled him, nolens volens, to join in the dance; and as they all kept appearing and disappearing above the bank of foliage, their grotesque attitudes, combined with the pitiable countenance of their helpless victim, could not do otherwise than recall most forcibly the story of Sancho Panza tossed in a blanket by the merry drapers of Segovia. Servadac, the count, Procope, and Ben Zoof now proceeded to make their way through the thicket until they came to a little glade, where two men were stretched idly on the grass, one of them play- ing the guitar, and the other a pair of castanets; both were exploding with laughter, as they urged the performers to greater and yet greater exertions in the dance. At the sight of strangers- they paused in their music, and simultaneously the dancers, with their victim, alighted gently on the sward. Breathless and half exhausted as was the Jew, he rushed with an effort towards Servadac, and exclaimed in French, marked by a strong Teutonic accent, "Oh, my Lord Governor, help me, help! These rascals defraud me of my rights; they rob me; but, in the name of the God of Israel, I ask you to see justice done!" The captain glanced inquiringly towards Ben Zoof, and the orderly, by a significant nod, made his master understand that he was to play the part that was implied by the title. He took the cue, and promptly ordered the Jew to hold his tongue at once. The man bowed his head in servile submis- sion, and folded his hands upon his breast. Servadac surveyed him leisurely. He was a man of about fifty, but from his appearance might well have been taken for at least ten years older. Small and skinny, with eyes bright and cunning, a hooked nose, a short yellow beard, unkempt hair, huge feet, and long bony hands, he presented all the typical characteristics of the German Jew, the heartless, wily usurer, the hardened miser and skinflint. As iron is attracted by the magnet, so was this Shy- lock attracted by the sight of gold, nor would he have hesitated to draw the life-blood of his credi- tors, if by such means he could secure his claims. His name was Isaac Hakkabut, and he was a na- tive of Cologne. Nearly the whole of his time, however, he informed Captain Servadac, had been spent upon the sea, his real business being that of a merchant trading at all the ports of the Med- iterranean. A tartan, a small vessel of two hundred tons burden, conveyed his entire stock of merchan- dise, and, to say the truth, was a sort of floating emporium, conveying nearly every possible article of commerce, from a lucifer match to the radiant fabrics of Frankfort and Epinal. Without wife or children, and having no settled home, Isaac Hak- kabut lived almost entirely on board the Hansa, as he had named his tartan; and engaging a mate, with a crew of three men, as being adequate to work so light a craft, he cruised along the coasts of Algeria, Tunis, Egypt, Turkey, and Greece, visiting more- over, most of the harbors of the Levant. Careful to be always well supplied with the products in most general demand--coffee, sugar, rice, tobacco, cotton stuffs, and gunpowder--and being at all times ready to barter, and prepared to deal in se- condhand wares, he had contrived to amass consid- erable wealth. On the eventful night of the 1st of January the Ilansa had been at Ceuta, the point on the coast of Morocco exactly opposite Gibraltar. The mate and three sailors had all gone on shore, and, in com- mon with mar.y of their fellow-creatures, had en- tirely disappeared; but the most projecting rock of Ceuta had been undisturbed by the general catastrophe, and half a score of Spaniards, who had happened to be upon it, had escaped with their lives. They were all Andalusian majos, agricul- tural laborers, and naturally as careless and - apa- thetic as men of their class usually are, but they could not help being very considerably embarrassed when they discovered that they were left in soli- tude upon a detached and isolated rock. They took what mutual counsel they could) but became only more and more perplexed. One of them was named Negrete, and he, as having traveled somewhat more than the rest, was tacitly recognized as a sort of leader; but although he was by far the most en- lightened of them all, he was quite incapable of forming the least conception of the nature of what had occurred. The one thing upon which they could not fail to be conscious was that they had 