228 AMAZING STORIES "Let it be so, then. At Harry's Island we had already gone over two hundred and seventy leagues of sea, and we were, I believe, about six hundred leagues, more or less, from Iceland." "Good. I am glad to see that you remember so well. Let us start from that point, ami let us count four days of storm, during which our rate of traveling must have been very great. I should say that our velocity must have been about eighty leagues to the twenty-four hours." I agreed that I thought this a fair calculation. There were then three hundred leagues to be ad did to the grand total. "Yes, and the Central Sea must extend aj; least six hundred leagues from side to side. Do you know my boy, Harry, that we have discovered an inland lake larger than the Mediterranean?" "Certainly, and we only know of its extent in one way. It may be hundreds of miles in length." "Very likely." "Then," said I, after calculating for some min- utes, "if your previsions are right, v/e are at this moment exactly umler the Mediterranean itself." "Do you think so?" "Yes, I am almost certain of it. Are we not nine hundred leagues distant from Reykjawik?" "That is perfectly true, and a famous-bit of road we have traveled, my boy. But why we should be under the Mediterranean more than -under Turkey or the Atlantic Ocean can only be known when we are sure of not having deviated from our course; and of this we know nothing." "I do not think we were driven very far from our course: the wind appears to me to have been always about the same. My opinion is that this shore must be situated to the southeast of Port Gretchen." "Good--I hope so. It will, however, be easy to decide the matter by taking the bearings from our departure by means of the compass. Come along, and we will consult that invaluable invention." The Professor now walked eagerly in the direction of the rock where the indefatigable Hans had placed the instruments in safety. My uncle was gay and light-hearted; he rubbed his hands, and assumed all sorts of attitudes. He was to all appearances once more a young man. Since I had known him never had he been so amiable and pleasant. I followed him, rather curious to know whether I had made any mistake in my estimation of our position. As soon as we had reached the rock, my uncle took the compass, placed it horizontally before him and looked keenly at the needle. As he had at first shaken it to give vivacity, it oscillated considerably, and then slowly assumed its right position under the influence of the magnetic power. The Professor bent his eyes curiously over the wondrous instrument. A violent start immediately showed the extent of his emotion. He closed his eyes, rubbed them, and took another and keener survey. Then he turned slowly round to me, stupe- faction depicted on his countenance. "What is the matter?" said I, beginning to be alarmed. He could not speak. He was too overwhelmed for words. He simply pointed to the instrument. I examined it eagerly according to his mute direc- tions, and a loud cry of surprise escaped my lips. The needle of the compass pointed due north, in the direction we expected was the south! It pointed to the shore instead of to the high seas. I shook the compass; examined it with a curious and anxious eye. It was in a state of perfection. No blemish in any way explained the phenomenon. Whatever position we forced the needle into, it re- turned invariably to the same unexpected point. It was useless attempting to conceal from our- selves the fatal truth. There could be no doubt, un- welcome as was the fact, that during the tempest, there had been a sudden slant of wind, of which we had been unable to take any account, and thus the raft had carried us back to the shores we had left, apparently for ever, so many days before! CHAPTER XXXIV A Voyage of Discovery IT would be altogether impossible for me to give any idea of the utter astonishment which over- came the Professor on making this extraordin- ary discovery. Amazement, incredulity, and rage were blended in such a way as to alarm me. During the whole course of my life I had never seen a man at first so chapfallen; and then so furiously indig- nant. The terrible fatigues of our sea voyage, the fear- ful dangers we had passed through, had all, all, gone for nothing. We had to begin them all over again. Instead of progressing, as we fondly expected, dur- ing a voyage of so many days, we had retreated. Every hour of our expediton on the raft bad been so much lost time! Presently, however, the indomitable energy of my uncle overcame every other consideration. "So," he said, between set teeth, "fatality will play me these terrible tricks. The elements themselves conspire to overwhelm me with mortification. Air, fire, and water combine their united efforts to oppose my pas- sage. Well, they shall see what the earnest will of a determined man can do. I will not yield, I will not retreat even one inch; and we shall see who shall triumph in this great contest--man or nature." Standing upright on a rock, irritated and menac- ing, Professor Hardwigg, like the ferocious Ajax, seemed to defy the fates. I, however, took upon my- self to interfere, and to impose some sort of check upon such insensate enthusiasm. "Listen to me, uncle," I said, in a firm but tem- perate tone of voice, "there must be some limit to ambition here below. It is utterly useless to struggle against the impossible. Pray listen to reason. We are utterly unprepared for a sea voy- age; it is simple madness to think of performing a second journey of five hundred leagues upon a wretched pile of beams, with a counterpane for a sail, a paltry stick for a mast, and a tempest to con- tend with. As we are totally incapable of steering our frail craft, we shall become a mere plaything of the storm, and it is acting the part of madmen if we, a second time, run any risk upon this dangerous and treacherous Central Sea." These are only a few of the reasons and argu- ments I put together--reasons and arguments which to me appeared unanswerable. I was allowed to go on without interruption for about ten minutes. The explanation to this I soon discovered. The Profes- 