Mesmeric Revelation By Edgar Allan Poe WHATEVER doubt may still envelop the ratoinale of mes- merism, its start- ling facts are now almost universally admitted. Of these latter, those who doubt are your mere doubters by profession--an un- profitable and dis- reputable tribe. There can be no more absolute waste of time than the attempt to prove, at the pres- ent day, that man, by mere exercise of will, can so im- press his fellow, as to cast him into an abnormal condi- tion, of which the phenomena resem- ble very closely those of death, or at least resemble them more nearly than they do the phenomena of any other normal con- dition within our cognizance; that, while in this state, the person so impressed employs only with effort, and then feebly, the external organs of sense, yet perceives, with keenly refined perception, and through channels supposed unknown, matters be- yond the scope of the physical organs; that, more- over, his intellectual faculties are wonderfully ex- alted and invigorated; that his sympathies with the person so impressing him are profound; and, finally, that his suscepti- bility to the impression increases with its frequency, while, in the same proportion, the peculiar phenomena elicited are more extended and more pronounced. I say that these--which are the laws of mesmerism in its general features--it would be supererogation to demonstrate; nor shall I inflict upon my read- ers so needless a demonstration to-day. My purpose at present is a very different one indeed. I am impelled, even in the teeth of a world of prejudice, to detail without comment the very re- markable substance of a col- For although we may admit infin- ite littleness in the atoms them- selves, the infinitude of littleness in the spaces between them is an absurdity. There will be a point-- there will be a degree of rarity, at which, if the atoms are sufficiently numerous, the interspaces must vanish, and the mass absolutely coalesce. IN THE last century mesmerism excited a great deal of attention and that quite famous lady Har- riet Martineau, a very celebrated writer in her day and one of the severest critics early America ever had, figured as one of its believers, and here Edgar Allan Poe uses it for a frame work to surround some of his views on spiritual matter and the here- after. It is a great mistake to take this favorite author as only an agree- able fiction writer, and it is impossible not to feel that had his life been dif- ferent, had he not been overshadowed by poverty, and had he not led so troubled an existence, he would have figured as an enlightened philosopher, and as one whose vieivs are far re- moved from the disagreeable pes- simism so prevalent of the present day. loquy, occurring between a sleep- walker and my- self. I had been long in the habit of mes- merizing the per- son in question (Mr. Van Kirk), and the usual acute susceptibility and exaltation of the mesmeric percep- tion had super- vened. For many months he had been laboring un- der confirmed phthisis, the more distressing effects of which had been relieved by my manipulations; and on the night of Wednesday, the fif- teenth instant, I was summoned to to his bedside. The invalid was suffering with acute pain in the region of the heart, and breathed with great diffi- culty, having all the ordinary symptoms of asthma. In spasms such as these he had usually found relief from the application of mustard to the nervous centres, but to-night this had been attempted in vain. As I entered his room he greeted me with a cheer- ful smile, and although evidently in much bodily pain, he appeared to be, men- tally, quite at ease. "I sent for you to-night," he said, "not so much to administer to my bodily ailment, as to sat- isfy me concerning certain psy- chal impressions which, of late, have occasioned me much anx- iety and surprise. I need not tell you how sceptical I have hitherto been on the topic of the soul's immortality. I cannot deny that there has always existed, as if in that very soul which I have been denying, a vague half-senti- ment of its own existence. But this half-sentiment at no time amounted to conviction. With it my reason had nothing to do. All attempts at logical inquiry re- sulted, indeed, in leaving me 124 