THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 85 gone to school were now playing with the destiny of the earth. But only Huyck knew it. Winters wondered. Through miles and miles of fleeting sagebrush, cacti and sand and desolation, he rolled over the problem. Steady as a rock, slight- ly stooped, grim and as certain as steel he held to the north. Charley Huyck by his side, hatless, coat- less, his hair dancing to the wind, all impatience. Why was it? Surely a man even for death would have time to get his hat. The whole thing spelled speed to Bob Winters; perhaps it was the infusion of spirit or the inten- sity of his companion; but the thrill ran into his vitals. Thirty thousand dollars--for a stake like that--what was the balance? He had been called Wild Bob for his daring; some had called him in- sane; on this night his insanity was enchantment. It was wild; the lee of the giant roadster a whir- ring shower of gravel: into the darkness, into the night the car fought over the distance. The terrific momentum and the friction of the air fought in their faces; Huyck's face was unprotected: in no time his lips were cracked, and long before they had crossed the level his whole face was bleeding. But he heeded it not. He only knew that they were moving; that slowly, minute by minute, they were cutting down the odds that bore disaster. In his mind a maze of figures; the terrible sight he had seen in the telescope and the thing impending. Why had he kept his secret? Over and again he impeached himself and Dr. Robold. It had come to this. The whole world sleeping and only himself to save it. Oh, for a few minutes, for one short moment! Would he get it? At last they reached the mountains. A rough, rocky road, and but little traveled. Happily Winters had made it once before, and knew it. He took it with every bit of speed they could stand, but even at that it was diminished to a minimum. For hours they fought over grades and gulches, dry washouts and boulders. It was dawn, and the sky was growing pink when they rode down again upon the level. It was here that they ran across their first trouble; and it was here that Winters began to realize vaguely what a race they might be running. The particular level which they had entered was an elbow of the desert projecting into the mountains just below a massive, newly constructed dam. The reservoir had but lately been filled, and all was being put in readiness for the dedication. An immense sheet, of water extending far back into the mountains--it was intended before long to transform the desert into a garden. Below, in the valley, was a town, already the center of a prosper- ous irrigation settlement; but soon, with the added area, to become a flourishing city. The elbow, where they struck it, was perhaps twenty miles across. Their northward path would take them just outside the tip where the foothills of the opposite mountain chain melted into the desert. Without ado Winters put on all speed and plunged across the sands. And then: It was much like winking; but for all that some- thing far more impressive. To Winters, on the left hand of the car and with the east on the right hand, it was much as if the sun had suddenly leaped up and as suddenly plumped down behind the horizon-- a vast vividness of scintillating opalescence: an azure, flaming diamond shot by a million fire points. Instantaneous and beautiful. In the pale dawn of the desert air its wonder and color were beyond all beauty. Winters caught it out of the corner of his eye; it was so instantaneous and so illusive that he was not certain. Instinctively he looked to his companion. But Charley, too, had seen it. His attitude of waiting and hoping was vigorized into vivid action. He knew just what it was. With one hand he clutched Winters and fairly shouted. "On, on, Bob! On, as you value your life. Put into her every bit of speed you have got." At the same instant, at the same breath came a roar that was not to be forgotten; crunching, roll- ing, terrible--like the mountain moving. Bob knew it. It was the dam. Something had broken it. To the east the great wall of water fall- out of the mountains! A beautiful sight and ter- rible; a relentless glassy roller fringed along its base by a lace of racing foam. The upper part was as smooth as crystal; the stored-up waters of the mountain moving out compactly. The man thought of the little town below and its peril. But Huyck thought also. He shouted in Winter's ear: "Never mind the town. Keep straight north. Over yonder to the point of the water. The town will have to drown." It was inexorable; there was no pity; the very strength and purpose of the command drove into the other's understanding. Dimly now he realized that they were really running a race against time. Winters was a daredevil; the very catastrophe sent a thrill of exultation through him. It was the cli- max, the great moment of his life, to be driving at a hundred miles an hour under that wall of water. The roar was terrible. Before they were half across it seemed to the two men that the very sound would drown them. There was nothing in the world but pandemonium. The strange flash was forgotten in the terror of the living wall that was reaching out to engulf them. Like insects they whizzed in the open face of the deluge. When they had reached the tip they were so close that the out- running fringe of the surf was at their wheels. Around the point with the wide open plain be- fore them. With the flood behind them it was noth- ing to outrun it. The waters with a wider stretch spread out. In a few moments they had left all be- hind them. But Winters wondered; what was the strange flash of evanescent beauty? He knew this dam and its construction; to outlast the centuries. It had been whiffed in a second. It was not lightning. He had heard no sound other than the rush of the waters. He looked to his companion. Hucyk nodded. "That's the thing we are racing. We have only a few hours. Can we make it?" Bob had thought that he was getting all the speed possible out of his motor. What it yielded from that moment on was a revelation. It is not safe and hardly possible to be driving at such speed on the desert. Only the best car and a firm roadway can stand it. A sudden rut, squirrel hole, or pocket of sand is as good as destruction. They rushed on till noon. 