190 AMAZING STORIES perfectly clear; but away in the northwest, in op- position to the sun, floated a new sphere, so small that it could not be an asteroid, but like a dim meteor. It was the fragment that the internal con- vulsion had rent from the surface of the comet, and which was now many thousands of leagues away, pursuing the new orbit into which it had been pro- jected. During the hours of daylight it was far from distinct, but after nightfall it would assume a definite luster. The object of supreme interest, however, was the great expanse of the terrestrial disc, which was rapidly drawing down obliquely towards them. It totally eclipsed an enormous portion of the firma- ment above, and approaching with an ever-increas- ing velocity, was now within half its average dis- tance from the moon. So close was it, that the two poles could not be embraced in one focus. Irregu- lar patches of greater or less brilliancy alternated on its surface, the brighter betokening the contin- ents, the more somber indicating the oceans that absorbed the solar rays. Above, there were broad white bands, darkened on the side averted from the sun, exhibiting a slow but unintermittent move- ment; these were the vapors that pervaded the ter- restrial atmosphere. But as the aeronauts were being hurried on at a speed of 70 miles a second, this vague aspect of the earth soon developed itself into definite outlines. Mountains and plains were no longer confused, the distinction between sea and shore was more plainly identified, and instead of being, as it were, depicted on a map, the surface of the earth appeared as though modelled in relief. Twenty-seven minutes past two, and Gallia is only 72,000 miles from the terrestrial sphere; quicker and quicker is the velocity; ten minutes later, and they are only 36,000 miles apart! The whole configuration of the earth is clear. "Europe! Russia! France!" shouted Procope, the count, and Servadac, almost in a breath. And they are not mistaken. The eastern hemis- phere lies before them in the full blaze of light, and there is no possibility of error in distinguishing continent from continent. The surprise only kindled their emotion to yet keener intensity, and it would be hard to describe the excitement with which they gazed at the panora- ma that was before them. The crisis of peril was close at hand, but imagination overleaped all con- sideration of danger; and everything was absorbed in the one idea that they were again within reach of that circle of humanity from which they had supposed themselves severed forever. And, truly, if they could have paused to study it, that panorama of the states of Europe which was outstretched before their eyes, was conspicuous for the fantastic resemblances with which Nature on the one hand, and international relations on the other, have associated them. There was England, marching like some stately dame towards the east, trailing her ample skirts and coroneted with the cluster of her little islets; Sweden and Norway, with their bristling spine of mountains, seemed like a splendid lion eager to spring down from the bosom of the ice-bound north; Russia, a gigantic polar bear, stood with its head towards Asia, its left paw resting upon Turkey, its right upon Mount Caucasus; Austria resembled a huge cat curled up and sleeping a watchful sleep; Spain, with Portugal as a pennant, like an unfurled banner, floated from the extremity of the continent; Turkey, like an in- solent cock, appeared to clutch the shores of Asia with the one claw, and the land of Greece with the other; Italy, as it were a foot and leg encased in a tight-fitting boot, was juggling deftly with the is- lands of Sicily, Sardinia, and Corsica; Prussia, a formidable hatchet imbedded in the heart of Ger- many, its edge just grazing the frontiers of France; whilst France itself suggested a vigorous torso with Paris at its breast. All at once Ben Zoof broke the silence: "Mont- martre! I see Montmartre!" And, smile at the ab- surdity as others might, nothing could induce the worthy orderly to surrender his belief that he could actually make out the features of his beloved home. The only individual whose soul seemed unstirred by the approaching earth was Palmyrin Rosette. Leaning over the side of the car, he kept his eyes fixed upon the abandoned comet, now floating about a mile and a half below him, bright in the general irradiation which was flooding the surrounding space. Chronometer in hand, Lieutenant Procope stood marking the minutes and seconds as they fled; and the stillness which had once again fallen upon them all was only broken by his order to replenish the stove, that the balloon might retain its necessary level. Servadac and the count continued to gaze up- on the earth with an eagerness that almost amount- ed to awe. The balloon was slightly in the rear of Gallia, a circumstance that augured somewhat fav- orably, because it might be presumed that if the comet preceded the balloon in its contact with the earth, there would be a break in the suddenness of transfer from one atmosphere to the other. The next question of anxiety was, where would the balloon alight? If upon terra firma, would it be in a place where adequate resources for safety would be at hand? If upon the ocean, would any passing vessel be within hail to rescue them from their critical position? Truly, as the count ob- served to his comrades, none but a Divine Pilot could steer them now. "Forty-two minutes past!" said the lieutenant, and his voice seemed to thrill through the silence of expectation. There was not 20,000 miles between the comet and the earth! The calculated time of impact was 2 hours, 47 minutes, 35.6 seconds. Five minutes more and collision must ensue! But was it so? Just at this moment, Lieutenant Procope observed that the comet deviated sensibly in an oblique course. Was it possible that after all collision would not occur? The deviation, however, was not great; it did not justify any anticipation that Gallia would merely graze the earth, as it had done before; it left it certain that the two bodies would inevitably im- pinge. "No doubt," said Ben Zoof, "this time we shall stick together." Another thought occurred. Was it not only too likely that, in the fusion of the two atmospheres, the balloon itself, in which they were being con- veyed, would be rent into ribbons, and every one of its passengers hurled into destruction, so that not a 