THE EGGS FROM LAKE TANGANYIKA 347 PROFESSOR Meyer-Maier drew a sharp needle out of the cushion, carefully picked up with the pincers the fly lying in front of him and stuck it carefully upon a piece of white paper. He looked over the rim of his glasses, dipped his pen in the ink and wrote under the specimen: "Glossina palpalis, specimen from Tsetsefly River. In the aboriginal language termed nsi-nsi. Usually found on river courses and lakes in West Africa. Bearer of the malady Negana (Tse-tse sickness-- sleep- ing sickness.) He laid down the pen and took up a powerful magnifying glass for a closer examination. "A hor- rible creature," he murmered, and shivered involun- tarily. On each side of the head of the flying horror, there was a monstrous eye surrounded by many sharp lashes and divided up into a hundred thousand flashing facets. An ugly proboscis thickly studded with curved barbs or hooks grew out of the lower side of the head. The wings were small and pointed, the legs armed with thorns, spines and claws. The thorax was muscular, like that of a prize fighter. The abdomen was thin and looked like India rubber. It could take in a great quantity of blood and expand like a balloon. On the whole, the flying horror, resembling a pre-historic flying dragon, was not very pleasant looking--Prof. Meyer-Maier took a pin and transfixed the body of the fly. It seemed to him that a vicious sheen of light emanated from the eyes and that the probos- cis rolled up. Quickly he picked up the magnifying glass, but it was an optical illusion--the thing was dead, with all its poison still within its body. Memories of the Expedition to Africa WITH a deep sigh he laid aside pincers and magnifying glass and sank into a deep re- verie. The clock struck 12. 1-2-8-4-5, counted Professor Meyer-Maier. In Udjidji, a village on lake Tanganyika, the na- tives had told him of gi- gantic flies inhabiting the interior further north. These monsters were three times as big as the giants composing the giant bodyguard of the Prince of Ssuggi, who all had to be of at least stand- ard height. Meyer-Maier laughed over this negro fable, but the negroes were obstinate. They refused to follow him to the northern part of Lake Tanganyika. Even Msu-uru, his black ser- vant, who otherwise made an intelligent impression, trembled with excitement and begged to be left out of the expedition--because there enormous flies and bees were to be found,--that let no man approach. They drank the river dry and guarded the valley of the elephants. "The Valley of the Elephants" was a fabled place where the old pachyderms withdrew to die. "It is inexplicable," soliloquized Meyer- Maier, "that no one ever found a dead elephant." The clock struck 6-7-8. We consider this extraordinary story a classic, and cer- tanly the best scientifiction story so far for 1926. How large can insects grow? Is there any limit to their size? Frankly, no one knows. We have almost micros- copically small flies, and in some of the tropical countries we have some almost as large as the fist. Is it possible to have still larger flies, and could monstrous flies such as are depicted in this story, be bred at some future date? The author of this brilliant tale evidently thinks so. Anyway, we trust he is mistaken, as we should not like to meet such monsters. The science of entomology pre- sented in this story is excellent, and will arouse your imagination. The natives had come along on the expedition much against their will. Moyer-Maier had trouble to keep the caravan moving up to the day when he found four great, strange looking eggs, larger than ostrich eggs. The negroes were seized with a panic, half of them deserting in the night, in spite of the great distance from the coast. The other half could only be kept there by tremendous efforts. He had to make up his mind finally, to go back, but he secretly put the eggs he had found into his camp- ing chest to solve their riddle. Now they were here in his Berlin home, in his work-room. He had not found time as yet to exam- ine them, for he had brought much material home to be worked over. The clock struck 9-10. Meyer-Maier kept thinking of the ugly head of the tse-tse fly that he had seen through the magnifying glass. A strange thought occurred to him and made him smile. Suppose the stories of the negroes were true and the giant flies--butterflies and beetles as big as elephants did exist! And suppose that they propagated as flies do!--each one laying eighty million eggs a year! He laughed aloud and pictured to himself how such a creature would stalk through the streets. A Strange Sound and the Hatching of An Egg HE broke off suddenly, in the midst of his laughter. A sound reached his ear, an earsplitting buzzing like that of a thousand flies, a deafening hum, as if a swarm of bees were entering the room; it burst out like a blast of wind through the room and then stopped. Meyer-Maier jerked the door open. Nothing. All was quiet. "I must relax for a while," said he, and opened the window. He turned on the light and threw back the lid of the big chest, which contained the giant eggs. Suddenly he grew pale as death and staggered back. A creature was crawling out, a creature as big as a police dog--a frightful creature, with wings -a muscular body, and six hairy legs with claws. It crept slowly, raised its incandescent head to the light and polished its wings with its hind legs. Faint with fright, Meyer- Maier pressed against the wall with outspread arms. A loud buzzing, -- the creature swept across the room, climbed up on the window sill and was gone. Meyer-Maier came slowly to himself. "My nerves are deceiving me. Did I dream?" he whis- pered, and dragged himself to the camp-chest. But he became frozen with horror. One egg was broken open. "It breaks out of its shell like a chicken, it does not change into a chrysalis," he thought me- chanically. At last his mind cleared and he awoke to the emergency. He sprang to the desk, snatched up his revolver, ran downstairs and out into the street, He saw no trace of the escaped giant insect. Meyer- Maier looked up at the lighted windows of his home. Suddenly the light became dim. "The other eggs" --like a blow came the thought--''the other eggs too