OFF ON A COMET 151 bark was worse than his bite; and if suffered to take their course without observation, his out- breaks of ill-temper seldom lasted long. "We will certainly do our best to get on with him," said the count. "He is no doubt the author of the papers, and we must hope that he will be able to give us some valuable information." "Beyond a question the documents have originated with him," assented the lieutenant. "Gallia was the word written at the top of every one of them, and Gallia was the first word uttered by him in our hearing." The astronomer slept on. Meanwhile, the three together had no hesitation in examining his papers, and scrutinizing the figures on his extemporized blackboard. The handwriting corresponded with that of the papers already received; the blackboard was covered with algebraical symbols traced in chalk, which they were careful not to obliterate; and the papers, which consisted for the most part of detached scraps, presented a perfect wilderness of geometrical figures, conic sections of every va- riety being repeated in countless profusion. Lieutenant Procope pointed out that these curves evidently had reference to the orbits of comets, which are variously parabolic, hyperbolic, or elliptic. If it were either of the first two, the comet, after once appearing within the range of terrestrial vision, would vanish forever in the outlying regions of space; if the last, it would be sure, sooner or later, after some periodic interval, to return. From the primâ facie appearance of his papers, then, it seemed probable that the astronomer, dur- ing his sojourn at Formentera, had been devoting himself to the study of cometary orbits; and as calculations of this kind are ordinarily based upon the assumption that the orbit is a parabola, it was not unlikely that he had been endeavoring to trace the path of some particular comet. "I wonder whether these calculations were made before or after the 1st of January; it makes all the difference," said Lieutenant Procope. "We must bide our time and hear," replied the count. Servadac paced restlessly up and down. "I would give a month of my life," he cried, impetuously, "for every hour that the old fellow goes sleeping on." "You might be making a bad bargain," said Pro- cope, smiling. "Perhaps after all the comet has had nothing to do with the convulsion that we have experienced." "Nonsense!" exclaimed the captain; "I know bet- ter than that, and so do you. Is it not as clear as daylight that the earth and this comet have been in collision, and the result has been that our little world has been split off and sent flying far into space?" Count Timascheff and the lieutenant looked at each other in silence. "I do not deny your theory," said Procope after a while. "If it be correct, I sup- pose we must conclude that the enormous disc we observed on the night of the catastrophe was the comet itself; and the velocity with which it was traveling must have been so great that it was hardly arrested at all by the attraction of the earth." "Plausible enough," answered Count Timascheff; "and it is to this comet that our scientific friend here has given the name Gallia." It still remained a puzzle to them all why the astronomer should apparently be interested in the comet so much more than in the new little world in which their strange lot was cast. "Can you explain this?" asked the count. "There is no accounting for the freaks of phi- losophers, you know," said Servadac; "and have I not told you that this philosopher in particular is one of the most eccentric beings in creation?" "Besides," added the lieutenant, "it is exceeding- ly likely that his observation had been going on for some considerable period before the convulsion hap- pened." Thus the general conclusion arrived at by the Callian Academy of Science was this: That on the night of the 31st of December, a comet, crossing the ecliptic, had come into collision with the earth, and that the violence of the shock had separated a huge fragment from the globe, which fragment from that date had been traversing the remote inter-planetary regions. Palmyrin Rosette would doubtless confirm their solution of the phenomenon. CHAPTER II A REVELATION TO THE general population of the colony the arrival of the stranger was a matter of small interest. The Spaniards were naturally too indolent to be affected in any way by an incident that concerned themselves so remotely, while the Russians felt themselves simply reliant on their master, and as long as they were with him were careless as to where or how they spent their days. Everything went on with them in an accustomed routine; and they lay down night after night, and awoke to their avocations morning after morn- ing, just as if nothing extraordinary had occurred. All night long Ben Zoof would not leave the pro- fessor's bedside. He had constituted himself sick nurse, and considered his reputation at stake if he failed to set his patient on his feet again. He watched every movement, listened to every breath, and never failed to administer the strongest cordials upon the slightest pretext. Even in his sleep Ro- sette's irritable nature revealed itself. Ever and again, sometimes in a tone of uneasiness, and some- times with the expression of positive anger, the name of Gallia escaped his lips, as though he were dreaming that his claim to the discovery of the comet was being contested or denied; but although his attendant was on the alert to gather all he could, he was able to catch nothing in the incoherent sen- tences that served to throw any real light upon the problem that they were all eager to solve. When the sun reappeared on the western horizon the professor was still sound asleep; and Ben Zoof, who was especially anxious that the repose which promised to be so beneficial should not be disturbed, felt considerable annoyance at hearing a loud knock- ing, evidently of some blunt heavy instrument against a door that had been placed at the entrance of the gallery, more for the purpose of retaining internal warmth than for guarding against intru- sion from without. "Confound it!" said Ben Zoof. "I must put a stop to this;" and he made his way towards the door. 