344 AMAZING STORIES ration. The bird blundered in and startled us again. Hall Produces Artemisium On a Small Scale FOUR minutes! We were like statues, with all eyes fixed on the polished ball of silver, which shone in the brilliant light concentrated upon it by the mirror. Five minutes! The shining ball had become a confused blue, and I violently winked to clear my vision. "At last! Thank God! Look! There it is!" It was Hall who spoke, trembling like an aspen. The silver knob had changed color. What seemed a miniature rainbow surrounded it with concentric circles of blinding brilliance. Then something dropped flashing into an earthen dish set beneath the ball! Another glittering drop followed, and, at a shorter interval, another! Almost before a word could be uttered the drops had coalesced and become a tiny stream, which, as it fell, twisted itself into a bright spiral, gleaming with a hundred shifting hues, and forming on the bottom of the dish a glowing, interlacing maze of viscid rings and circlets, which turned and twined about and over one another, until they had blended and settled into a button-shaped mass of hot metal- lic jelly. Hall snatched the dish away, and placed another in its stead. "This will be about right for a watch charm when it cools," he said, with a return to his customary self-command. "I promised you the first specimen. I'll catch another for myself." "But can it be possible that we are not dream- ing?" I exclaimed. "Do you really believe that this comes from the moon?" "Just as surely as rain comes from the clouds," cried Half, with all his old impatience. "Haven't I just showed you the whole process?" "Then I congratulate you. You will be as rich as Dr. Syx." "Perhaps," was the unperturbed reply, "but not until I have enlarged my apparatus. At present I shall hardly do more than supply mementoes to my friends. But since the principle is established, the rest is mere detail." Six weeks later the financial centres of the earth were shaken by the news that a new supply of arte- misium was being marketed from a mill which had been secretly opened in the Sierras of California. For a time there was almost a panic. If Hall had chosen to do so, he might have precipi- tated serious trouble. But he immediately entered into negotiations with government representatives, and the inevitable result was that, to preserve the monetary system of the world from upheaval, Dr. Syx had to consent that Hall's mill should share equally with his in the production of artemisium. During the negotiations the doctor paid a visit to Hall's establishment. The meeting between them was most dramatic. Syx tried to blast his rival with a glance, but knowledge is power, and my friend faced his mysterious antagonist, whose deep- est secrets he had penetrated, with an unflinching eye. It was remarked that Dr. Syx became a changed man from that moment. His masterful air seemed to have deserted him, and it was with something resembling humility that he assented to the arrangement which required him to share his enormous gains with his conqueror. The Syx Mill Is Blown Up OF course, Hall's success led to an immedi- ate recrudescence of the efforts to extract artemisium from the Syx ore, and, equally of course, every such attempt failed. Hall, while keeping his own secret, did all he could to discour- age the experiments, but they naturally believed that he must have made the very discovery which was the subject of their dreams, and he could not without betraying himself, and upsetting the finan- ces of the planet, directly undeceive them. The con- sequence was that fortunes were wasted in hopeless experimentation, and, with Hall's achievement daz- zling their eyes, the deluded fortune-seekers kept on in the face of endless disappointments and dis- aster. And presently there came another tragedy. The Syx mill was blown up! The accident--although many people refused to regard it as an accident, and asserted that the doctor himself, in his chagrin, had applied the match--the explosion, then, occur- red about sundown, and its effects were awful. The great works, with everything pertaining to them, and every rail that they contained, were blown to atoms. They disappeared as if they had never existed. Even the twin tunnels were involved in the ruin, a vast cavity being left in the mountain- side where Syx's ten acres had been. The force of the explosion was so great that the shattered rock was reduced to dust. To this fact was owing the escape of the troops camped near. While the moun- tain was shaking to its core, and enormous para- pets of living rock were hurled down the precipices of the Teton, no missiles of appreciable size tra- versed the air, and not a man at the camp was injured. But Jackson's Hole, filled with red dust, looked for days afterwards like the mouth of a tremendous volcano just after an eruption. Dr. Syx had been seen entering the mill a few minutes before the catastrophe by a sentinel who was sta- tioned about a quarter of a mile away, and who, although he was felled like an ox by the shock, and had his eyes, ears, and nostrils filled with flying dust, miraculously escaped with his life. After this a new arrangement was made whereby Andrew Hall became the sole producer of artemisi- um, and his wealth began to mount by leaps of mil- lions toward the starry heights of the billions. About a year after the explosion of the Syx mill a strange rumor got about. It came first from Buda- pest, in Hungary, where it was averred several per- sons of credibility had seen Dr. Max Syx. Millions had been familiar with his face and his personal peculiarities, through actually meeting him, as well as through photographs and descriptions, and, un- less there was an intention to deceive, it did not seem possible that a mistake could be made in iden- tification. There surely never was another man who looked just like Dr. Syx. And, besides, was it not general- ly known that he must have perished in the awful destruction of his mill?