254 AMAZING STORIES "Why did your watch explode--and the clock?" "Running forward in time unwinds a clock, doesn't it?" asked Arthur. "It follows, of course, that when you move it backward in time it winds up. When you move it too far back, you wind it so tightly that the spring just breaks to pieces." He paused a moment, his fingers on his pulse. "Yes, it takes about fifteen seconds for all the four seasons to pass. That means we're going back- ward in time about four years a minute. If we go on at this rate in another hour we'll be back in the time of the Northmen, and will be able to tell if they did discover America, after all." "Funny we don't hear any noises," Estelle ob- served. She had caught some of Arthur's calmness. "It passes so quickly that though our ears hear it, we don't separate the sounds. If you'll notice, you do hear a sort of humming. It's very high-pitched, though." Estelle listened, but could hear nothing. "No matter," said Arthur. "It's probably a little higher than your ears will catch. Lots of people can't hear a bat squeak." "I never could," said Estelle. "Out in the coun- try, where I come from, other people could hear them, but I couldn't." They stood a while in silence, watching. "When are we going to stop?" asked Estelle un- easily. "It seems as if we're going to keep on indefinitely." "I guess we'll stop all right," Arthur reassured her. "It's obvious that whatever it was, it only af- fected our own building, or we'd see some other one with us. It looks like a fault or a flaw in the rock the' building rests on. And that can only give so far?' Estelle was silent for a moment. "Oh, I can't be sane!" she burst out semi-hyster- ically. "This can't be happening!" "You aren't crazy," said Arthur sharply. "You're sane as I am. Just something queer is happening. Buck up. Say your multiplication tables. Say any- thing you know. Say something sensible and you'll know you're all right. But don't get frightened now. There'll be plenty to get frightened about later." The grimness in his tone alarmed Estelle. "What are you afraid of?" she asked quickly. "Time enough to worry when it happens," Arthur retorted briefly. "You--you aren't afraid we'll go back before the beginning of the world, are you?" asked Estelle in sudden access of fright. Arthur shook his head. "Tell me," said Estelle more quietly, getting a grip on herself. "I won't mind. But please tell me." Arthur glanced at her. Her face was pale, but there was more resolution in it than he had expected to find. "I'll tell you, then," he said reluctantly. "We're going back a little faster than we were, and the flaw seems to be a deeper one than I thought. At the roughest kind of an estimate, we're all of a thousand years before the discovery of America now, and I think nearer three or four. And we're gaining speed all the time. So, though I am as. sure as I can be of anything that we'll stop this cave-in eventually, I don't know where. It's like a crevasse in the earth opened by an earthquake which may be only a few feet deep, or it may be hundreds of yards, or even a mile or two. We started off smoothly. We're going at a terrific rate. What will happen when we stop?" Estelle caught her breath. "What?" she asked quietly. "I don't know," said Arthur in an irritated tone, to cover his apprehension. "How could I know?" Estelle turned from him to the window again. "Look!" she said, pointing. The flickering had begun again. While they stared, hope springing up once more in their hearts, it became more pronounced. Soon they could dis- tinctly see the difference between day and night. They were slowing up! The white snow on the ground remained there for an appreciable time, autumn lasted quite a while. They could catch the flashes of the sun as it made its revolutions now, instead of its seeming likd a ribbon of fire. At last day lasted all of fifteen or twenty minutes. It grew longer and longer. Then, half an hour, then an hour. The sun wavered in midheaven and was still. Far below them, the watchers in the tower of the skyscraper saw trees swaying and bending in the wind. Though there was not a house or a habita- tion to be seen and a dense forest covered all of Manhattan Island, such of the world as they could see looked, normal. Whatever, or rather in whatever epoch of time they were, they had arrived. Indians Occupy Madison Square ARTHUR caught at Estelle's arm and the two made a dash for the elevators. Fortunately one was standing still, the door open, on their floor. The elevator-boy had deserted his post and was looking with all the rest, at the strange landscape that surrounded them. No sooner had the pair reached the car, however, than the boy came hurrying along the corridor, three or four other people following him also at a run. Without a word the boy rushed inside, the others crowded after him, and the car shot down- ward, all of the newcomers panting from their sprint. Theirs was the first car to reach the bottom. They rushed out and to the western door. Here, where they had been accustomed to see Madison Square spread out before them, a clearing of perhaps half an acre in extent showed itself. Where their eyes instinctively looked for the dark bronze fountain, near which soap-box orators afore- time held sway, they saw a tent, a wigwam of hides and bark gaily painted. And before the wigwam were two or three brown-skinned Indians, utterly petrified with astonishment. Behind the first wigwam were others, painted like the first with daubs of brightly colored clay. From them, too, Indians issued, and stared in incredulous amazement, their eyes growing wider and'wider. When the group of white people con- fronted the Indians there was a moment's deathlike silence. Then, with a wild yell, the redskins broke and ran, not stopping to gather together their be- longings, nor pausing for even a second glance at the weird strangers who invaded their domain. Arthur took two or three deep breaths of the 