AMAZING STORIES 287 The chief and I followed him down the basement stairs and into the fur- nace room. He opened the fire-door and tossed the jar on the glowing coals. The thing raced about spasmodically for a moment in the intense heat, then fell huddled in the bottom of the jar. Suddenly, as if inflated from be- neath, it puffed upward and outward, almost filling the receptacle in a shape that resembled a human head. I thought this only a figment of my imagination at first -- blinked -- and looked a second time. The face of a man stared back at me from behind the curved glass, eyes glowing with malevolent hatred and lips drawn back in a snarl that revealed crooked, yel- ow fangs. For a moment only the vision held. The next instant the jar was empty of all save a tiny pile of white, flaky ash and the bones of the mouse. Dr. Dorp shut the door suddenly and noisily. "That face," I exclaimed. "Did you see it also?" "A queer distortion of the gas-in- flated protoplasm," he replied. Chief McGraw seemed greatly per- turbed. He drew a long black cigar from his pocket, lighted it and puffed nervously for a moment. "Distortion, hell," he muttered. "It was a perfect double for the face of Immune Benny!" The End An Experiment in Gyro-Hats By Ellis Parker Butler (Concluded) At six the next morning Anne, my wife, and I all went into the yard to stop Walsingham. Then it came to me that*I had no way of stop- ping him. To add to my dismay I knew that when the sun arose the thin ice would melt, and as Walsingham's feet could no longer slip easily, he Would in all probability be wrenched in two, a most unsatisfactory condi- tion for a son-in-law. But while I was standing in dismay, love found a way, as love always will, and Anne rushed to the cellar and bnught out the stepladder and the icepick. Placing the stepladder close to Walsingham she climbed it, and holding the point of the ice pick at the exact center of the top of the hat she pushed down. A sizzling noise told us that she had bored a hole in the hat, letting the vacuum escape, and the hat flew from Walsingham's head. Slower and slower he revolved, un- til he stood quite still, and then, with- out a reel or a stagger he walked up to me and grasped my hand, while tears told me the thanks he could not utter. He had revolved in the right direction! He was cured! The End Are You Digging Your Grave With Knife and Fork? The world was shocked when Alfred W. McCann proved by scientific analysis and investigations that the food the people are now eating is causing ravishing disease, untold misery and premature death. Officials, social workers, and physicians were shocked and horrified at his startling exposures. They stood gasping at the truth! Are you actually poisoning and thereby killing yourself with the food you eat? Alfred W. McCann in his wonderful book, "THE SCIENCE OF EATING," proves beyond the shadow of a doubt that Heart Disease, Diabetes, Colds, Catarrh, Rheumatism, Pyorrhea, Constipation, Cancer, High Blood Pressure, and even Tuberculosis, besides the hundreds of other diseases are caused by eating improper foods. Foods that are either adulterated or refined to such an extent that instead of adding strength and vitality to your body and power to your brain, they are actually poisoning your system and that with each mouthful you are literally digging your grave with your knife and fork. "The Science of Eating" By Alfred W. McCann In "The Science of Eating," Alfred W. McCann exposes all the frauds of the so-called food specialists; all the ignorance of the so-called scientists; all the hypocrisy that the physicians have circulated about food. He exposes and explodes the false and dangerous theory of the calorie. In this remarkable book, the delicate menu of the specialists is shown not only to be valueless, but exceedingly harmful. The fearful crime of adulteration and artificial coloring of foods has been mercilessly exposed. He proves that all food, which is pure food, when free from adulteration and preservatives, is good food. Not a Book on Diet but a Book on Eating YOU ARE WHAT YOU EAT, you cannot take carbolic acid without feeling the effects of it; you cannot consume impure and denatured foods without reaping the harm they will produce. Every organ and nerve of your body suffers from their ill effects. Every disease can be traced to the eating of wrong and impure foods. Wrong eating has done more harm and actually killed more people than all the wars put together. If you want to enjoy strength, vitality and stamina; you can get them from the scientific knowledge contained in this wonderful revelational book, "The Science of Eating," by Alfred W. McCann. Send No Money You owe it to yourself to know the truths about the foods you eat. The facts are so startling, so convincing, that you should not continue for one more day, habits of eating that are a deadly menace to your health and life. Do not think that Alfred W. McCann's remarkable book "The Science of Eating" is for faddists.. It is for everyone. It does not advise irksome diets. It simply shows you how to eat natural foods as nature intended them to be eaten and how to avoid eating so-called foods that are merely disguised poisons. Once you start following this simple method you will be literally astounded at the improvement. You will find yourself possessed of new vitality, new energy, new physical fitness, new youth. Prove to yourself without risking a single penny that Alfred W. McCann's amazing book is the one best investment in health you can possibly make. Send for a copy of this wonderful book and when it is delivered pay the postman $3.00 plus postage. If within 5 days you arc not thoroughly convinced that it will literally make a new person of you, return it and your money will be refunded. Order your copy NOW. EUGENICS PUBLISHING CO. 1658 Broadway, Dept. A-626, New York EUGENICS PUBLISHING COMPANY Dept. A-62G, 1658 Broadway, New York City. Please send me Alfred W. McCann's wonderful book. "The Science of Eating." I will pay the postman $3.00 plus postage, when the book is delivered, it is understood that if I am not satisfied, I will re- turn the book to you within S days, and you will refund my money. Orders from outside United States must be accompanied by money order for $3.50. Name ................................... Address ................................ City ................................... Romance! Mystery! Intrigue! DON'T MISS THIS MARVELOUS, INTENSE, GRIPPING STORY OF WORLD MARVELS 700 YEARS HENCE "RALPH 124C 41+" By HUGO GERNSBACK, F.R.S. Editor "Amazing Stories". Ralph, the greatest living scientist of the year 2660, fights a furious battle with a Martian for the lovtf of a beautiful girl, using incredible weapons, culminating in a running fight in space. BUY YOUR COPY TODAY--SENT POSTPAID FOR $2.15 For Sale by The Experimenter Pub. Co., Inc., S3 Park Place, New York, N. Y. 