AMAZING STORIES 276 like a little child with fire until it suddenly de- stroyed him. The death of Officer Rooney is ample proof that, this terrible force, whatever it may be, survived him. "Now let us conjecture regarding the nature of this thing that has taken the lives of two human beings. We know that the professor's chief ambi- tion was to create life from inert matter. All of his experiments in the laboratory were made with this object in view. All his printed works show plainly his firm belief that the thing could be accomplished, some of them going so far as to point out the pro- cesses by which he believed protoplasm, the primi- tive basic life substance, might be analyzed. As protoplasm is a compound of almost unlimited com- plexity in its physical and chemical constitution, our most skilled chemists have been unable to unravel its secrets. In fact, the further a chemist gets in his attempts at analysis the more baffling and com- plex he finds it to be. Being a compound composed of complex substances which are in turn composed of others still more complex, and so on, ad infini- tum, its secrets are fully as inscrutable as those of the starry universe. "The professor's first step, therefore, in this seemingly impossible undertaking, would be to an- alyze protoplasm. Assuming that he succeeded in reducing it to its basic elements his next prob- lem would be to take similar elements and, through a process even more complex than vjthe pi'evious one, assemble and re-assemble theni until they were capable of sustaining life. "Let us suppose that he did these things. Let us assume that he has succeeded in creating proto- plasm. What next? We will say that he has taken some primitive form of life for a pattern, a mone- ron, perhaps, the most simple type of animal, con- sisting of a single cell of protoplasm. There still exists a difference between the moneron and the synthetically created cell. Chemically and physi- cally they are the same, but the moneron is alive. "What is life? Broadly defined as we recognize it on this earth, it is a temporary union of mind and matter. There may be, and probably is another kind of life which is simply mind without matter, but we of the material world know it not. To us, mind without matter or matter without mind ai*e equally dead. The moneron has a mind--a soul--a something that makes it a living individual. Call it w'hat you will. The professor's cell of man-made protoplasm has not. Can you conceive of any pos- sible way in which he could, having reached this stage, create an individual mind or soul, an essence of life that, once united with his cell of protoplasm would form an entity?" "It seems impossible," I admitted. "So it seems," he replied, "yet it is only on such an hypothesis that I can account for the mysterious deaths of the professor and Officer Rooney." "But I don't see how a moneron or a creature remotely resembling one could kill and completely devour a man in less than two hours," I objected. "Nor I," agreed the doctor. "In fact I am of the opinion that, if the professor did succeed in creating life, the result was unlike any creature large or small, now inhabiting the earth--a hideous monster, perhaps, with undreamed of powers and possibilities--an alien organism among billions of other organisms, hating them all because it has nothing in common with them--a malignant entity governed solely by the primitive desire for food and growth with only hatred of and envy for the more fortunate natural creatures around it." "If the professor did succeed in creating or dis- covering such a creature," I said, "it is evidently in this house at this very moment. Unless it has the faculty of making itself invisible a thorough search should reveal its whereabouts, for having consumed two men it must be a monster of 110 mean proportions." "That is true," replied the doctor, "however, we have another hypothesis that is equally worthy of our consideration if we accept the premise that the professor created a living creature. Judging from his writings he spent a considerable portion of hsis time studying and experimenting in micro- biology. Suppose he succeeded in creating a micro- scopic organism, and that organism had the power to reproduce its kind. If it reproduced by fission, that is, by simply dividing itself after it had at- tained a certain size, the only check to its increase would be death or lack of food. The more food it could obtain that much more rapidly would it and its descendants multiply. Countless billions of such creatures might occupy this room and yet be in- visible without the aid of a compound microscope. There is ample room for a swarm of such creatures numerous enough to devour a man to float in the air above our heads without revealing its presence." The words of the doctor affected me strangely. Involuntarily I looked upward, half expecting a swarm of man-eating microbes to descend and de- vour me. For a moment I was seized with a feel- ing of panic so strong I could scarcely restrain my- self from leaping for the door. The fact that the sun had just set and dusky shadows were thicken- ing in the room augmented the illusion. I crossed the floor nervously and pressed the switch beside the door. Instantly the place was flooded with blue- white light from a cluster of powerful globes de- pending from the middle of the ceiling. As I was recrossing the room my eyes fell on the contents of the glass-lined tank. I stared unbeliev- ingly for a moment, then called Dr. Dorp. "What is it, Evans?" he asked. "The liquid in this tank," I replied. "It has changed color. Something has turned it pink." "The effect of the artificial light, no doubt," he said, coming up beside me. Then I saw the expres- sion of doubt on his face change to one of surprise and wonder. "You are right," he exclaimed. "It has not only changed color but a still more remarkable trans- formation has taken place. When we noticed it this afternoon, the tank was a third full of the colorless liquid. This pink fluid reaches half way to the top!" A Drawer Filled With Bones HE tread of many feet sounded in the hall. Chief McGraw paused in the doorway, star- ing down at the blue-clad skeleton 011 the floor, a look of horror on his face. Behind him were four policemen in uniform. "Is--is that the skeleton of poor old Rooney?" 