OFF ON A COMET 29 whence the gun's mouth projected over a sloping embrasure. The two officers, in cocked hats and full staff uniform, attended to take charge of the proceedings. The gun was maneuvered in strict accordance with the rules of "The Artilleryman's Manual," and the firing commenced. Not unmindful of the warning he had received, the corporal was most careful between each dis- charge to see that every vestige of fire was extin- guished, so as to prevent an untimely explosion while the men were reloading; and accidents, such as so frequently mar public rejoicings, were all happily avoided. Much to the chagrin of both Colonel Murphy and Major Oliphant, the effect of the salute fell alto- gether short of their anticipations. The weight of the atmosphere was so reduced that there was com- paratively little resistance to the explosive force of the gases, liberated at the cannon's mouth, and there was consequently none of the reverberation, like rolling thunder, that ordinarily follows the dis- charge of heavy artillery. Twenty times had the gun been fired, and it was on the point of being loaded for the last time, when the colonel laid his hand upon the arm of the man who had the ramrod. "Stop!" he said; "we will have a ball this time. Let us put the range of the piece to the test." "A good idea!" replied the major. "Corporal, you hear the orders." In quick time an artillery-wagon was on the spot, and the men lifted out a full-sized shot, weighing 200 lbs., which, under ordinary circumstances, the cannon would carry about four miles. It was pro- posed, by means of telescopes, to note the place where the ball first touched the water, and thus to obtain an approximation sufficiently accurate as to the true range. Having been duly charged with powder and ball, the gun was raised to an angle of something under 45°, so as to allow proper development to the curve that the projectile would make, and, at a signal from the major, the light was applied to the priming. "Heavens!" "By all that's good!" exclaimed both officers in one breath, as, standing open-mouthed, they hardly knew whether they were to believe the evidence of their own senses. "Is it possible?" The diminution of the force of attraction at the earth's surface was so considerable that the ball had sped beyond the horizon. "Incredible!" ejaculated the colonel. "Incredible!" echoed the major. "Six miles at least!" observed the one. "Ay, more than that!" replied the other. Awhile, they gazed at the sea and at each other in mute amazement. But in the midst of their per- plexity, what sound was that which startled them? Was it mere fancy? Was it the reverberation of the cannon still booming in their ears? Or was it not truly the report of another and a distant gun in answer to their own? Attentively and eagerly they listened. Twice, thrice did the sound repeat itself. It was quite distinct. There could be no mistake. "I told you so," cried the colonel, triumphantly. "I knew our country would not forsake us; it is an English ship, no doubt." In half an hour two masts were visible above the horizon. "See! Was I not right? Our country was sure to send to our relief. Here is the ship." "Yes," replied the major; "she responded to our gun." "It is to be hoped," muttered the corporal, "that our ball has done her no damage." Before long the hull was full in sight. A long trail of smoke betokened her to be a steamer; and very soon, by the aid of the glass, it could be as- certained that she was a schooner-yacht, and mak- ing straight for the island. A flag at her mast- head fluttered in the breeze, and towards this the two officers, with the keenest attention, respectively adjusted their glasses. Simultaneously the two telescopes were lowered. The colonel and the major stared at each other in blank astonishment. "Russian!" they gasped. And true it was that the flag that floated at the head of yonder mast was the blue cross of Russia. CHAPTER XIV SENSITIVE NATIONALITY When the schooner had approached the island, the Englishmen were able to make out the name "Dobryna" painted on the stern. A sinuous irregularity of the coast had formed a kind of cove, which, though hardly spacious enough for a few fishing-smacks, would afford the yacht a temporary anchorage, so long as the wind did not blow violently from either west or south. Into this cove the Dob- ryna was duly signaled, and as soon as she was safely moored, she lowered her four-oar, and Count Timascheff and Captain Ser.vadac made their way at once to land. Colonel Heneage Finch Murphy and Major Sir John Temple Oliphant stood, grave and prim, form- ally awaiting the arrival of their visitors. Captain Servadac, with the uncontrolled vivacity natural to a Frenchman, was the first to speak. "A joyful sight, gentlemen!" he exclaimed. "It will give us unbounded pleasure to shake hands again with some of our fellow-creatures. You, no doubt have escaped the same disaster as ourselves." But the English officers, neither by word nor gesture, made the slightest acknowledgment of this familiar greeting. "What news can you give us of France, England, or Russia?" continued Servadac, perfectly uncons- cious of the stolid rigidity with which his advances were received. "We are anxious to hear anything you can tell us. Have you had communications with Europe? Have you--" "To whom have we the honor of speaking?" at last interposed Colonel Murphy, in the coldest and most measured tone, and drawing himself up to his full height. "Ah! how stupid! I forgot," said Servadac, with the slightest possible shrug of the shoulders; "we have not been introduced." Then, with a wave of his hand towards his com- panion, who meanwhile had exhibited a reserve hardly less than that of the British officers, he said: "Allow me to introduce you to Count Wassili Timascheff." "Major Sir John Temple Oliphant," replied the colonel. The Russian and the Englishman mutually ex- changed the stiffest of bows. 