MESMERIC REVELATION 127 that it resembles the ultimate life; for when I am entranced the senses of my rudimental life are in abeyance, and I perceive external things directly, without organs, through a medium which I shall employ in the ultimate, unorganized life. P. Unorganized? V. Yes; organs are contrivances by which the individual is brought into sensible relation with par- ticular classes and forms of matter, to the exclusion of other classes and forms. The organs of man are adapted to his rudimental condition, and to that only; his ultimate condition, being unorganized, is of unlimited comprehensions in all points but one --the nature of the volition of God--that is to say, the motion of the unparticled matter. You will have a distinct idea of the ultimate body by conceiving it to be entire brain. This it is not; but a concep- tion of this nature will bring you near a compre- hension of what it is. A luminous body imparts vibration to the luminiferous ether. The vibrations generate similar ones within the retina; these again communicate similar ones to the optic nerve. The nerve conveys similar ones to the brain; the brain, also, similar ones to the unparticled matter which permeates it. The motion of this latter is thought, of which perception is the first undulation. This is the mode by which the mind of the rudimental life communicates with the external world; and this external world is, to the rudimental life, limited through the idiosyncrasy of its organs. But in the ultimate, unorganized life, the external world reaches the whole body (which is of a substance having affinity to brain, as I have said) with no other intervention than that of an infinitely rarer ether than even the luminiferous; and to this ether --in unison with it--the whole body vibrates, setting in motion the unparticled matter which permeates it. It is to the absence of idiosyncratic organs, therefore, that we must attribute the nearly unlim- ited perception of the ultimate life. To rudimental beings, organs are the cages necessary to confine them until fledged. P. You speak of rudimental "beings." Are there other rudimental thinking beings than man? V. The multitudinous conglomeration of rare matter into nebulae, planets, suns, and other bodies which are neither nebulae, suns, nor planets, is for the sole purpose of supplying pabulum for the idio- syncrasy of the organs of an infinity of rudimental beings. But for the necessity of the rudimental, prior to the ultimate life, there would have been no bodies such as these. Each of these is tenanted by a distinct variety of organic, rudimental, think- ing creature. In all, the organs vary with the features of the place tenanted. At death, or meta- morphosis, these creatures, enjoying the ultimate life--immortality--and cognizant of all secrets but the one act all things and pass everywhere by mere volition:--indwelling, not the stars, which to us seem the sole palpabilities, and for the accommoda- tion of which we blindly deem space created--but that SPACE itself--that infinity of which the truly substantive vastness swallows up the star-shadows --blotting them out as non-entities from the percep- tion of the angels. P. You say that "but for the necessity of the rudimental life, there would have been no stars. But why this necessity? V. In the inorganic life, as well as in the inor- ganic matter generally, there is nothing to impede the action of one simple unique law--the Divine Volition. With the view of producing impediment, the organic life and matter (complex, substantial, and law-encumbered) were contrived. P. But again--why need this impediment have been produced? V. The result of law inviolate is perfection-- right--negative happiness. The result of law vio- late is imperfection, wrong, positive pain. Through the impediments afforded by the number, com- plexity, and substantiality of the laws of organic life and matter, the violation of law is rendered, to a certain extent, practicable. Thus pain, which in the inorganic life is impossible, is possible in the or- ganic. P. And to what good end is pain thus rendered possible? V. All things are either good or bad by com- parison. A sufficient analysis will show that pleas- ure, in all cases, is but the contrast of pain. Posi- tive pleasure is a mere idea. To be happy at any one point we must have suffered at the same. Never to suffer would have been never to have been blessed. But it has been shown that in the inor- ganic life, pain cannot be; thus the necessity for the organic. The pain of the primitive life of Earth is the sole basis of the bliss of the ultimate life in Heaven. P. Still there is one of your expressions which I find it impossible to comprehend--"the truly sub- stantive vastness of infinity." V. This, probably, is because you have no suffi- ciently generic conception of the term "substance" itself. We must not regard it as a quality, but as a sentiment:--it is the perception, in thinking beings, of the adaptation of matter to their organi- zation. There are many things on the Earth which would be nihility to the inhabitant of Venus--many things visible and tangible in Venus, which we could not be brought to appreciate as existing at all. But, to the inorganic beings--to the angels--the whole of the unparticled matter is substance; that is to say, the whole of what we term "space" is to them the truest substantiality--the stars, meantime, through what we consider their materiality, escap- ing the angelic sense, just in proportion as the unparticled matter, through what we consider its immateriality, eludes the organic. As the sleep-waker pronounced these latter words in a feeble tone, I observed on his countenance a singular expression, which somewhat alarmed me, and induced me to awake him at once. No sooner had I done this than, with a bright smile irradiating all his features, he fell back upon his pillow and expired. I noticed that in less than a minute after- ward his corpse had all the stern rigidity of stone. His brow was of the coldness of ice. Thus, ordi- narily, should it have appeared, only after long pres- sure from Azrael's hand. Had the sleep-waker, indeed, during the latter portion of his discourse, been addressing me from out the region of the shadows? THE END 