32 AMAZING STORIES "We shall meet again," said Servadac, as they pushed off from shore. "Whenever you please," was the cool reply. The geographical mystery haunted the minds of both the count and the captain, and they felt they could never rest till they had ascertained what had become of their respective countries. They were glad to be on board again, that they might resume their voyage of investigation, and in two hours were out of sight of the sole remaining fragment of Gibraltar. CHAPTER XV AN ENIGMA FROM THE SEA Lieutenant Procope had been left on board in charge of the Dobryna, and on resuming the voyage it was a task of some difficulty to make him under- stand the fact that had just come to light. Some hours were spent in discussion and in attempting to penetrate the mysteries of the situation. There were certain things of which they were perfectly certain. They could be under no misappre- hension as to the distance they had positively sailed from Gourbi Island towards the east before their further progress was arrested by the unknown shore; as nearly as possible that was fifteen de- grees; the length of the narrow strait by which they had made their way across that land to regain the open sea was about three miles and a half; thence onward to the island, which they had been assured, on evidence that they could not disbelieve, to be upon the site of Gibraltar, was four degrees; while from Gibraltar to Gourbi Island was seven degrees or but little more. What was it altogether? Was it not less than thirty degrees? In that lati- tude, the degree of longitude represents eight and forty miles. What, then, did it all amount to ? In- dubitably, to less than 1,400 miles. So brief a voyage would bring the Dobryna once again to her starting- point, or, in other words, would enable her to com- plete the circumnavigation of the globe. How changed the condition of things! Previously, to sail from Malta to Gibraltar by an eastward course would have involved the passage of the Suez Canal, the Red Sea, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific, the At- lantic; but what had happened now? Why, Gibraltar had been reached as if it had been just at Corfu, and some three hundred and thirty degrees of the earth's circuit had vanished utterly. After allowing for a certain margin of miscalcu- lation, the main fact remained undeniable; and the necessary inference that Lieutenant Procope drew from the round of the earth being completed in 1,400 miles, was that the earth's diameter had been reduced by about fifteen sixteenths of its length. "If that be so," observed the count, "it accounts for some of the strange phenomena we witness. If our world has become so insignificant a spheroid, not only has its gravity diminished, but its rotary speed has been accelerated; and this affords an ade- quate explanation of our days and nights being thus curtailed. But how about the new orbit in which we are moving?" He paused and pondered, and then looked at Pro- cope as though awaiting from him some further elucidation of the difficulty. The lieutenant hesi- tated. When, in a few moments, he began to speak, Servadac smiled intelligently, anticipating the answer he was about to hear. "My conjecture is," said Procope, "that a frag- ment of considerable magnitude has been detached from the earth; that it has carried with it an en- velope of the earth's atmosphere, and that it is now traveling through the solar system in an orbit that does not correspond at all with the proper orbit of the earth." The hypothesis was plausible; but what a multi- tude of bewildering speculations it entailed! If, in truth, a'certain mass had been broken off from the terrestrial sphere, whither would it wend its way? What would be the measure of the eccentricity of its path? What would be its period round the sun? Might it not, like a comet, be carried away into the vast infinity of space? or, on the other hand, might it not be attracted to the great central source of light and heat, and be absorbed in it? Did its orbit correspond with the plane of the ecliptic? and was there no chance of its ever uniting again with the globe, from which it had been torn off by so sudden and violent a disruption. A thoughtful silence fell upon them all, which Servadac was the first to break. "Lieutenant," he said, "your explanation is ingenious, and accounts for many appearances; but it seems to me that in one point it fails." "How so?" replied Procope. "To my mind the theory meets all objections." "I think not," Servadac answered. "In one point, at least, it appears to me to break down completely." "What is that?" asked the lieutenant. "Stop a moment," said the captain. "Let us see that we understand each other right. Unless I mistake you, your hypothesis is that a fragment of the earth, comprising the Mediterranean and its shores from Gibi-altar to Malta, has been developed into a new asteroid, which is started on an inde- pendent orbit in the solar regions. Is not that your meaning?" "Precisely so," the lieutenant acquiesced. "Well, then," continued Servadac, "it seems to me to be at fault in this respect: it fails, and fails com- pletely, to account for the geological character of the land that we have found now encompassing this sea. Why, if the new land is a fragment of the old --why does it not retain its old formation? What has become of the granite and the calcareous de- posits? How is it that these should all be changed into a mineral concrete with which we have no acquaintance?" No doubt, it was a serious objection; for, how- ever likely it might be that a mass of the earth on being detached would be eccentric in its movements, there was no probable reason to be alleged why the material of its substance should undergo so com- plete a change. There was nothing to account for the fertile shores, rich in vegetation, being trans- formed into rocks arid and barren beyond precedent. The lieutenant felt the difficulty, and owned him- self unprepared to give at once an adequate solu- tion; nevertheless, he declined to renounce his theory. He asserted that the arguments in favor of it carried conviction to his mind, and that he entertained no doubt but that, in the course of time, all apparently antagonistic circumstances would be explained so as to become consistent with the view he took. He was careful, however, to make it un- 