THE FACTS IN THE CASE OF M. VALDEMAR 93 OF COURSE I shall not pretend to con- sider it any matter for wonder, that the extraordinary case of M. Valdemar has excited discussion. It would have been a miracle had it not--especially under the circumstances. Through the desire of all parties concerned, to keep the affair from the public, at least for the present, or until we had farther oppor- tunities for investigation--through our endeavors to effect this--a garbled or exaggerated account made its way into society, and became the source of many unpleasant misrepresentations; and, very naturally, of a great deal of disbelief. It is now rendered necessary that I give the facts --as far as I comprehend them myself. They are, succinctly, these: My attention, for the last three years, had been repeatedly drawn to the subject of Mesmerism; and about nine months ago, it occurred to me, quite sud- denly, that in the series of experiments made hither- to, there had been a very remarkable and most un- accountable omission: no person had as yet been mesmerized in articulo mortis. It remained to be seen, first, whether, in such condition, there existed in the patient any susceptibility to the magnetic in- fluence; secondly, whether, if any existed, it was impaired or increased by the condition; thirdly, to what extent, or for how long a period, the encroach- ments of Death might be arrested by the process. There were other points to be ascertained, but these most excited my curiosity--the last in especial, from the immensely important character of its con- sequences. In looking around me for some subject by whose means I might test these particulars, I was brought to think of my friend, M. Ernest Valdemar, the well-known compiler of the "Bibliotheca Forensica," and author (under the nom de -plume of Issachar Marz) of the Polish versions of "Wallenstein" and "Gargantua." M. Valdemar, who has resided prin- cipally at Harlem, N. Y., since the year 1839, is (or was) particularly no- ticeable for the extreme spareness of his person-- his lower limbs much re- sembling those of John Randolph; and, also, for the whiteness of his whiskers, in violent con- trast to the blackness of his hair--the latter, in consequence, being very generally mistaken for a wig. His temperament was markedly nervous, and rendered him a good subject for mesmeric experi- ment. On two or three occasions I had put him to sleep with little difficulty, but was disappointed in other results which his peculiar constitution had naturally led me to anticipate. His will was at no period positively, or thoroughly, under my con- trol, and in regard to clairvoyance, I could ac- complish with him nothing to be relied upon. I always attributed my failure at these points to the disordered state of his health. For some months previous to my becoming acquainted with him, his physicians had declared him in a con- firmed phthisis. It was his custom, indeed, to speak calmly of his approaching dissolution, as of a matter neither to be avoided nor regretted. When the ideas to which I have alluded first oc- curred to me, it was of course very natural that I should think of M. Valdemar. I knew the steady philosophy of the man too well to apprehend any scruples from him; and he had no relatives in America who would be likely to interfere. I spoke to him frankly upon the subject; and to my sur- prise, his interest seemed vividly excited. I say to my surprise; for, although he had always yielded his person freely to my experiments, he had never be- fore given me any tokens of sympathy with what I did. His disease was of that character which would admit of exact calculation in respect to the epoch of its termination in death; and it was finally arranged between us that he would send for me about twenty-four hours before the period an- nounced by his physicians as that of his decease. It is now rather more than seven months since I received, from Valdemar himself, the subjoined note: "My dear P-, "You may as well come now. D-and F- are agreed that I cannot hold out beyond to-morrow midnight; and I think they have hit the time very nearly. "Valdemar" I received this note within half an hour after it was written, and in fifteen minutes more I was in the dying man's chamber. I had not seen him for ten days, and was appalled by the fearful alteration which the brief interval had wrought in him. His face wore a leaden hue; the eyes were utterly lustre- less; and the emaciation was so extreme, that the skin had been broken through by the cheek-bones. His expectoration was excessive. The pulse was barely perceptible. He retained, nevertheless, in a very remarkable manner, both his mental power and a certain degree of physical strength. He spoke with distinctness, took some palliative medicines without aid--and, when I entered the room, was oc- cupied in penciling memo- randa in a pocketbook. He was propped up in the bed by pillows. Doctors D- and F- were in at- tendance. After pressing Valde- mar's hand, I took these gentlemen aside, and ob- tained from them a min- ute account of the pa- tient's condition. The left lung had been for eighteen months in a semi osseous or cartilaginous state, and was, of course, entirely useless for all purposes of vitality. The right, in its upper portion, was also partially, if not thoroughly, ossified, while the lower region was merely a mass of purulent tubercles, running one into another. Several extensive perforations existed; and, at one point, permanent adhesion to the ribs had taken place. These appearances in the right lobe were of comparatively recent date. The ossifica- tion had proceeded with very unusual rapidity; no sign of it had been discovered a month before, and the adhesion had only been observed during the three previous days. Independently of the phthisis, the patient was suspected of aneurism of the aorta; MESMERISM in this gruesome story by Edgar Allan Poe has again been used as a vehicle for telling us his views about the higher philosophy and the future world. Mesmerism in another of Poe's stories, "Mesmeric Revelations" is made an agreeable setting for some of his philosophy, which he is willing to tell about without forcing it upon us in the too prev- alent modern system. But here we find the same author in a somewhat different character. It is again mesmer- ism which he employs, it is again a bit of philosophy to be told us, but the story leads tip gradually and most skillfully to a denouement, the most horrifying and terrible in all modern story telling. This very short story in its horror is unique. 