OFF ON A COMET 165 "You can't mean, Servadac, that you have for- gotten that? But you always were a disappointing pupil." The captain could not help himself: he was forced to confess that his memory had failed him. "Well, then," said the professor, "I must remind you. Taking the attraction of the earth as 1, that on Mercury is 1.15, on Venus it is .92, on Mars .5, and on Jupiter 2.45; on the moon the attraction is .16, whilst on the surface of the sun a terrestrial kilogram would weigh 28 kilograms." "Therefore, if a man upon the surface of the sun were to fall down, he would have considerable diffi- culty in getting up again. A cannon ball, too, would only fly a few yards," said Lieutenant Procope. "A jolly battle-field for cowards!" exclaimed Ben Zoof. "Not so jolly, Ben Zoof, as you fancy," said his master; "the cowards would be too heavy to run away." Ben Zoof ventured the remark that, as the small- ness of Gallia secured to its inhabitants such an increase of strength and agility, he was almost sorry that it was not a little smaller still. "Though it could not have been very much smaller anyhow," he added, looking slyly at the professor. "Idiot!" exclaimed Rosette. "Your head is too light already; a puff of wind would blow it away." "I must take care of my head, then, and hold it on," replied the irrepressible orderly. Unable to get the last word, the professor was about to retire, when Servadac detained him. "Permit me to ask you one more question," he said. "Can you tell me what is the nature of the soil of Gallia?" "Yes, I can answer that. And in this matter I do not think your impertinent orderly will venture to put Montmartre in the comparison. This soil is of a substance not unknown upon the earth." And speaking very slowly, the professor said: "It con- tains 70 per cent. of tellurium, and 30 per cent. of gold." Servadac uttered an exclamation of surprise. "And the average of the specific gravities of these two substances is 10, precisely the number that rep- resents Gallia's density." "A comet of gold!" ejaculated the captain. "Yes; a realization of what the illustrious Mau- pertuis has already deemed probable," replied the astronomer. "If Gallia, then, should ever become attached to the earth, might it not bring about an important revolution in all monetary affairs?" inquired the count. "No doubt about it!" said Rosette, with manifest satisfaction. "It would supply the world with about 246,000 trillions of francs." "It would make gold about as cheap as dirt, I suppose," said Servadac. The last observation, however, was entirely lost upon the professor, who had left the hall with an air almost majestic, and was already on his way to the observatory. "And what, I wonder, is the use of all these big figures?" said Ben Zoof to his master, when next day they were alone together. "That's just the charm of them, my good fellow," was the captain's cool reply, "that they are of no use whatever." CHAPTER VIII JUPITER SOMEWHAT CLOSE EXCEPT as to the time the comet would take to revolve round the sun, it must be confessed that all the professor's calculations had com- paratively little interest for anyone but himself, and he was consequently left very much to pursue his studies in solitude. The following day was the 1st of August, or ac- cording to Rosette, the 63rd of April. In the course of this month Gallia would travel 16,500,000 leagues, attaining at the end a distance of 197,000,000 leagues from the sun. This would leave 81,000,000 leagues more to be traversed before reaching the aphelion of the 15th of January, after which it would begin once more to approach the sun. But meanwhile, a marvelous world, never before so close within the range of human vision, was re- vealing itself. No wonder that Palmyrin Rosette cared so little to quit his observatory; for through- out those calm, clear Gallian nights, when the book of the firmament lay open before him, he could revel in a spectacle which no previous astronomer had ever been permitted to enjoy. The glorious orb that was becoming so conspicu- ous an object was none other than the planet Jupi- ter, the largest of all the bodies existing within the influence of solar attraction. During the seven months that had elapsed since its collision with the earth, the comet had been continuously approach- ing the planet, until the distance between them was scarcely more than 61,000,000 leagues, and this would go on diminishing until the 15th of October. Under these circumstances, was it perfectly cer- tain that no danger could accrue? Was not Gallia, when its pathway led it into such close proximity to this enormous planet, running a risk of being attracted within its influence? Might not that in- fluence be altogether disastrous? The professor, it is true, in his estimate of the duration of his comet's revolution, had represented that he had made all proper allowances for any perturbations that would be caused either by Jupiter, by Saturn, or by Mars; but what if there were any errors in his calcula- tions? what if there should be any elements of dis- turbance on which he had not reckoned? Speculations of this kind became more and more frequent, and Lieutenant Procope pointed out that the danger incurred might be of a fourfold char- acter: first, that the comet, being irresistibly at- tracted, might be drawn on to the very surface of the planet, and there annihilated; secondly, that as the result of being brought under that attraction, it might be transformed into a satellite, or even a sub-satellite, of that mighty world; thirdly, that it might be diverted into a new orbit, which would never be coincident with the ecliptic; or lastly, its course might be so retarded that it would only reach the ecliptic too late to permit any junction with the earth. The occurrence of any one of these contin- gencies would be fatal to their hopes of reunion with the globe, from which they had been so strangely severed. To Rosette, who, without family ties which he had never found leisure or inclination to contract, 