The Yellow Dog 115 II When Hankinson came back to con- sciousness he gradually realized that he was in surroundings of an undeniably strange sort. Save for a dull aching in his head, occasionally varied by a sharp stab of pain, he was not uncomfortable. He was lying on something very soft and warm; his head was properly pil- lowed ; he felt that some hand had care- fully tucked a covering around his limbs. He judged from these things that he was not, at any rate, in the detention cells of a police station; experience had taught him that in these places small consideration was shown to visitors. But it was no use opening his eyes, for he was in a queer sort of darkness--not an absolutely black darkness, but a sort of deep, misty blue darkness, in the midst of which, high above him, was a faint spot of ruby-colored light. He could make that out, and he could tell that the darkness was blue and not black; more than that it was impossible to say. But if Hankinson's eyes could do lit- tle, his nose was able to do more. His nostrils began to expand and to titillate under unfamiliar odors. There was a queer, clinging, permeating scent all around and about; a scent of saffron and musk and sandalwood; it was heavy, thick, almost oppressive; it made him cough. There had been an unearthly silence about that place until then. Hankin- son's cough sounded like the report of a revolver let off in a vault. And when it died away and silence fell once more Hankinson heard the sniffling and snuf- fling of a dog somewhere close by. Then he remembered everything, and a cold sweat broke out all over him. And at that instant a flood of light was turned on, silently, and Hankinson, blinking upward, saw standing at his side a gi- gantic Chinaman clad in the costume of his own country, who looked down upon him with an expression which would have sat well on the face of a sphinx. This extraordinary vision so fright- ened Hankinson that he immediately closed his eyes and shut it out. Then he felt a cool hand laid on his forehead and heard a voice speaking in perfect English and soft, mellifluous tones. "How do you feel now?" asked the voice. Hankinson made so bold as to open his eyes again. He took another, a longer, look at the Chinaman. The Oriental wore spectacles, and it was impossible to see his eyes clearly, but his tones were propitiating, and Hankinson's spirits revived. "Bloomin' queer," he answered. He tried to move and, for some reason, found movement difficult. " 'Ow," he continued, " 'ow did I come 'ere, guv'- nor?" "I carried you into my house," said the Chinaman quietly. "I was taking the air at my door when you darted past me, followed by a dog. The dog sud- denly caught you by the ankle and you stumbled and fell and dashed your head against the wall. That," he added, lay- ing a delicate fingertip on a lump of wet lint which decorated Hankinson's right temple, "that is where your head came into contact with something harder. It is well for you, my friend, that your frontal bones are of more than usual strength." Hankinson stared. Then he referred to the only part of the speech which seemed to him to be really pertinent. "That there dawg, now?" he asked anxiously. "Wot about 'im, guv'nor?" The Chinaman pointed to a door at the foot of the couch on which Hankin- son was lying. "The dog," he replied, "is safely be- 