116 Pink Ears you didn't hide out on 'em. I'll send a man up in a little while." "I can give an account of every movement since I've been in the city," said Craig suddenly. "Look here. I keep an account of all my expenditures. You can check me up. Here's my din- ner. Here's the tip, and a postage- stamp on the letter to my firm. Here's a magazine I bought. ... You can check up the time on every one of them. You can trace my movements that way." Jamison glanced uninterestedly at the open page held in Craig's shaking hand. "Don't get so excited," he said grouchily. "Don't y' know that if you had swiped the stuff you'd have faked a book like that?" He eyed the page for a moment and sat down again, as if a new chain of questioning had occurred to him. "Say, do you often come through here?" he inquired. "Yes, on an average of once a month." "Stop at this hotel?" "Yes. . . ." Craig began to look hope- ful. "Do you suppose some one of the help--" "How big a package were the bonds ?" "There were eighty of them. They'd make quite a wad of paper." "Make a man's pocket bulge out?" "Surely." "The hotel-clerk kept all the em- ployees waiting," observed Jamison. "I'll take a look. Was your place much messed up when you got back?" "Practically like this. I left the bonds in my suit-case. When I opened the door I saw the place was torn up- side down, everything thrown all about." "You'd left your suit-case open?" queried Jamison. "They'd look in there first. . . ." "The bonds were under a shirt--in the folds of a shirt. At first glance they wouldn't seem to be there." Jamison puffed thoughtfully for a moment. "Ever use your firm's stationery here ?" "Yes. Why?" "Just thinking," said Jamison. "You see, if you dropped a letter-head in a waste-basket, whoever cleaned up the room might connect you up. . . . Say, your firm is a bank. You come through every so often. Suppose you leave a letter-head. Banks sometimes send cur- rency from one place to another by messenger. A chambermaid or bell-hop might notice. . . ." Craig's face brightened. Jamison wore an air of innocent pride. "You have to think of those things," he said modestly. "I'll tell you. You go down and get the desk-clerk and a cop. Tell the desk-clerk to have the darkies that clean up this floor come in, one by one. Come back with the clerk and the cop." Craig obediently started for the door, hesitated, glanced back, and then went out. Jamison allowed himself the luxury of a grunt when the door closed, and the expression of innocent pride vanished utterly from his features, leaving them somewhat bored and entirely disgusted. "Sloppy work," he commented gloomily, to himself. "I wonder where he keep his shaving-soap. That's the answer, ten to one." He began to rummage in Craig's suit- case. III When Craig pushed open the door again with the room-clerk and the policeman, Jamison was standing by the bureau, where there was a light. He seemed to be examining something in his hand. Craig looked vastly more 