22 The Man in the Black Mask "Jenkins," he snapped, "what did you knife 'Mac' for? No lying. . Tell me the truth!" The big negro dropped his work sud- denly, his face taking on a grayish tinge. The perspiration came out on his forehead in great beads. He shook like a leaf, the cigarette he was smoking dropping from his thick lips. "Fo' de Lord, sah, I didn't do it," he responded. The leader's eyes glistened through the slits in his mask as he took a step closer to the colored man. He remind- ed me of a snake about to strike. I could see the men's faces grow tense, yet so strong was his command over them that not a word was spoken. "You lie, damn you!" he snarled at the negro. "I'ye been doing a little in- vestigating. I've found the place where he was killed--your tracks are there in the sand. I know that they are yours, for I've compared them with measure- ments. "Let me tell you something, you skunk," he went on, shaking his finger under the black's nose. "You attempted to sneak up the passageway last night in an effort to find where I went to. You disobeyed orders in so doing. You wanted to turn state's evidence if oc- casion ever demanded. McGinnis saw you and followed. He was an honest man--even if he was a crook. He over- took you and accused you of trying to spy on me. You turned on him and, in the fight which followed, you went after him with your razor. When you had him down you finished him with your knife. He was unarmed and stood no show. It's all written there in the sand as plainly as if I'd seen you do it." Before he could continue, the big black was upon him, knife upraised, bellowing like a maniac. The masked man's gun was out in an instant, spit- ting lead in a stream, but not soon enough to stop the negro's mad rush. The knife plunged half a dozen times despite the fact that the frenzied black was mortally wounded. We, who had dodged out of range of the bullets, leaped forward as the two men fell to the ground together--but too late. Bleeding from half a dozen wounds, the masked man dragged himself to his feet and, before we could interfere, he placed his gun against the head of .his late antagonist and pulled the trigger, splattering out the negro's brains. Then he hurled the weapon aside and, with a ghastly attempt at raillery, mur- mured : "He got me. Damn him! He got me. The play's over. The curtain's about to drop. Larson, you win after all!" With a convulsive shudder, he fell across the body of the man he had killed and who had, in turn, killed him. CHAPTER XIII Came another surprise. For, with a shrill, piercing scream, the masked man's double appeared from around the corner of a projecting rock and, throw- ing his arms about the neck of the dead man, sobbed like a littl'e child. We were petrified with astonishment. And, at the same instant, from the tunnel behind the curtain, emerged a similar form. He dashed into the group. Then, as he saw his two doubles, he stepped back, too astonished for the instant for utterance. "My God! Is she dead?" he whis- pered, huskily. He jerked the mask from his face and disclosed the wrinkled visage of-- President John Grimes. "Quick, men!" he snapped. "For her sake--for the sake of Joan--I'll save you. Scatter down the tunnels. Hide yourselves somewhere -- any- where! They're coming--the officers! Some one has betrayed you. The cave is surrounded!" 