Appearances Are Deceiving 33 sound from the interior of the darkened building. There was the bare possibility that Peter Riddick had dropped into the bank for some purpose. But the bank was deserted. From the adjoining building a strong and untrained masculine voice sang a negro dialect song written and composed by two Jews. Garbett was grateful for the noise; it made him feel safe and secure. He slipped noiselessly through the bank, looking into every room to make sure that a watchman would not surprise him later. Once absolutely convinced that he alone was in the building, he began operations upon the safe. The bottle of solvent was tilted against the back of the steel safe, and a small stream poured. Then, with the aluminum bar, Garbett dug the now soft and crumbling steel out in a thin line. Four feet to the left he poured more of the solvent, and then a hori- zontal line that connected the two cavities. He worked in complete dark- ness, thrusting with aluminum bar, trusting to the messages of his fingers, and he worked desperately fast. The singer in the adjoining building had now received assistance. A dozen voices joined in on the chorus in an attempt at harmony. Garbett tore and thrust at the crumbling wall of the steel safe, digging a hole that led into the depths of the strong-box. Like a barrier, the wire wall cut off one-quar- ter of the room, and the long desk were heavy black shadows. Suddenly, every electric light in the bank flashed into life. Garbett froze, every muscle rigid, one arm elbow deep into the wall of the safe. He had been caught! One swift glance over his shoulder and hope fell from him like a discarded garment. A huge and well-polished blue steel revolver, with a barrel eight inches long, was being pointed straight at the crook's back. If he rose or moved that ponderous gun would ex- plode. It was held by a nervous and excited man, whose rubicund face iden- tified him as Pop Gordon, the town policeman. "Don't move--don't you dare move!" ordered Pop, dragging a pair of hand- cuffs from a sagging pocket of his ancient overcoat. He clicked one hand- cuff on Garbett's right ankle, and the other on his left. "Stay right where you are." He produced another pair of handcuffs, and fastened the crook's hands behind his back. Peter Riddick had remained silent; now he put his small automatic back into his pocket. "Young man," he said, "I am certainly disappointed. I thought you were honest. When I saw you steal that crescent pin from my wife's hair I was the most surprised man in Velma, Delaware. I didn't think--" "I'll bet he's a big New York crook," said Pop Gordon. "Come look at the big hole in your safe, Mr. Riddick! If we had waited--" Peter Riddick observed the opening with brooding eyes. "That's remark- able, but--I am sorry this young man made it. In about ten minutes he has--" He turned once more to Gar- bett. "I recall that your corkscrew-- fell to pieces. You are a clever young man"--he shook his head sadly--"but you are not an honest one." Garbett knew that the evidence against him was complete and damning. He was helpless and hopeless. So he refused to answer any of the questions that were asked. Pop Gordon led the crook through the starlit cool night, while the sound of dance music lilted gayly through the air. The huge, long-barreled revolver was pressed nervously against the crook's side. "What'd you steal that pin for, any- way?" asked Pop Gordon. "You B. M.--Apr.--3 