The Too-Easy Alibi 107 recumbent bootlegger, but Pug made no sound or movement. A truck ploughed down the street outside, clattering and bumping, and the air hummed with the muffled roar of the ponderously alive city. In the small cell-like room a small, squat man thrust his hand cautiously beneath the bed-pillow. His careful, sensitive fingers touched the cold steel of a stiletto. Joe stopped, chilled by the knife's keen edge. This was not what he sought. Pug's money was some- where near his stiletto, though. Pug sighed, and again Joe grew tense. If Pug awoke, he would be in a mur- derous humor. Joe's intrusion would not be misunderstood. For Pug would be positive that Joe had come to rob him. Which was correct. Joe's stubby fingers fumbled with the end of the pillow-case'and then searched within it for the bootlegger's banknotes. Joe dared not look at Pug, for a steady stare will arouse a sleeping person. And then, a vise closed upon Joe's wind- pipe and began to squeeze. His head was forced back by the pressure of a huge, hairy arm. An instant later Pug's other hand increased the pressure upon Joe's neck. II From the moment Joe had entered the room, Pug had been awake. His sleep had been interrupted twice before during the morning. Once when Joe had requested a loan, and later when someone else knocked upon Pug's door. Pug had awakened the first time with his temper ragged. He had swallowed a large quantity of whiskey the night before while celebrating a lucky escape from revenue officers. So, when Joe came in and tried to borrow five dollars, Pug had been angry. It was damnable that a man whose throat was caked with concrete, whose eyes were pin-points of pain, should be awakened for such a reason. Pug had a grouch, Joe was the first man he had seen; therefore, Joe's request was declined violently. Rebuffed, and equally angry, Joe had departed, and Pug went back to bed. Put the bootlegger could not resume his interrupted slumbers. His tongue tasted unpleasantly, and his forehead was hot and dry. For several moments he tossed uneasily, and then someone else had knocked on the door. This time Pug answered by locking the door. The person on the outside announced he wished to enter. Pug told him to go away, whoever he was, and suggested a destination. And, notwith- standing their repeated knockings, he had not opened the door. When Joe had entered from the fire- escape, Pug had been almost asleep. But the tearing of the newspaper had roused him, though he had concealed the fact that he was awake. And, when Joe had neared his money, Pug had been moved to action. He opened his eyes and grasped Joe at the same second. A second later Joe leaped backward, dragging Pug from the bed. Joe snarled, and a wordless oath rasped from between his yellow teeth. He knew that he had been tricked; that Pug had not been caught unaware. Pug sprawled upon the floor; his grip upon Joe's neck had been broken. But he did not remain recumbent. Flash- ing upward, Pug uttered a cry of rage and surged forward. The small uncarpeted room held few articles of furniture. A small table was perched near the window that looked upon the fire-escape. There was an unpainted, wooden chair tilted underneath the knob of the door. The bed occupied one side of the room. Though it lacked furniture, the room held sounds and actions. Snarling and swearing, their arms going like piston rods, their fists crashing brutally upon 