104 A Track-and-a-Half men," he announced a minute later, and Harbin went to the phone. "Say, Harbin," said Jacobs, "the Old Man says to go slow. There's something damn queer about this Garrison case." "You said something," replied Har- bin, "but what now ?" "Well, Bamfield and Doran have got a lawyer and sent him over to Eichorn's restaurant to get their overcoats." "Their what?" shouted Harbin. "Their overcoats. They say they left them there night before last when they left in a hurry. Doran's coat is there but Bamfield's is missing and Doran's cap--the one he uses when he's auto- riding and carries folded up in a pocket is gone out of his coat. The waiters remember that they had 'em when they came in and left without 'em. They thought they would be back in a few minutes and didn't say anything about it." "Holy mackerel !" said Harbin and hung up the phone without a reply. When he returned to the drawing- room Miss Garrison was still describ- ing the burglar. He arrived just in time to catch a thread of it. Harbin forgot his manners, his sur- roundings and everything'else as, with a bellowed "Come on, you!" he leaped for the front door. "Do you know who did it?" de- manded the slow thinking Kelso on the way downtown. "Yes," barked Harbin, "a sneak thief." "Sneak, nothing," interrupted Harri- son. "We've got one burglar left any- way." "Yes," admitted Harbin, "one--such as he is--a dirty sneak--the man who stole Bamfield's overcoat and Doran's cap out of Eichorn's and left them be- hind him for a plant. The man who stole Jim Anthony's shoes to track him into the pen. The man who used Evans's gun and Doran's car for the same reason. What I don't know is where he got his nerve and his idea." "Nell said to ask June Jennings," re- minded Kelso. It was rather a bitter pill, but Harri- son and Kelso went to the woman's prison for the girl while Harbin con- tinued downtown. He asked them to wait until he returned to Headquarters and to have the Old Man himself there. Two hours later the mystery of the Garrison jewel robbery with its wanton clues and its track-and-a-half footprints was definitely cleared up. Harbin entered the room where June Jennings was defiantly awaiting de- velopments, swinging in his hand a string of glistening, rose-tinted 'pearls. At sight of them the girl gasped, then flung her cigarette into a cuspidor, curs- ing the world in general. "Well, young lady," said the Captain, "it's all off, you see." "Yes," she answered, drearily. "I might have known the dirty sneak wouldn't have the nerve to go through with it. If he'd given me the beads this afternoon I'd be on easy street. Now the whole works is off. I'm through." "Any use holding those boys we have got locked up?" inquired the cap- tain. "Not a bit," replied June Jennnings. "They were just a stall for a good get- away. You fell for that fine. Who put you wise?" "Oh, a couple of women--Nell An- thony for one," answered Harbin. "I might have known that. She thought I was playing for Jim, but I was just sore at the whole gang--afraid to work in New York. Bah! Jim planned the job but didn't have nerve enough to tackle it. He laid out the whole thing to show how easy it was. Last night was the night for it but they wouldn't budge, and so when Bill came into Eichorn's and acted nasty, just after they'd kicked out the Frog--" 