The Murder at Lost Creek By Robert E. Hewes I STRANGE things take place in the north country, m'sieu, but I have known none more strange, or ter- rible, than what happened that night in the lonely cabin on Lost Creek, --the night the wind wolves danced. Ah, m'sieu, even now I can see the way that man lay there, the knife blade gleaming--what of it was not buried in his heart, and feel the cold fear that crept down my back. Ugh! But I should not dare tell this story to even you, m'sieu, was I not very sure you could never find the place. It was a bitter night, m'sieu, that I was caught in a storm up in the Height- of-Land country. Even the oldest woodsman is fooled sometimes, and the storm came up even quicker than I had expected, catching me many miles from my cabin. I thought I knew my trap line well, but after dark, when the snow devils build strange shapes out of the drifts, then tear them down again like children knock over play houses to Inake some- thing else, familiar landmarks look queer and unnatural. I had no compass and the stars were smothered by the clouds that shook loose the snow that floated down, swirling, steady, suffocating, filling up trails and leavening valleys until the northland was one great white plain with no end and no beginning. Ah, m'sieu, for long hours I floundered helplessly in that night of terriblie white- ness, utterly bewildered. The soft snow underfoot, clinging ih the manner of new fallen flakes, seemed to be tugging at my boots, striving to pull me down. And the hard sleet pellets that flew through the air in a straight line stung my eyes till I was almost blinded and cut my face till the blood came. Then the frost crept in and seamed my, skin with great, aching cracks. It is a terrible thing to be lost in the north country in a storm such as raced in a mad dance that night. The cold was a cruel, searching thing, that crept into one's bones and sucked at the mar- row. I stumbled along blindly, hour after hour, and always that terrible cold clawed at my vitals and always I could hear the wind devils howling like hun- gry wolves, eager for their prey. My throat burned from/thirst, and each.time I thrust a handful of snow in my mouth it was dry like chalk dust and I blew it out still unmoistened. K I knew I was far off my trap line, wandering somewhere far into the lonely north, but I was even farther than I thought. Many times I fell, and each time it was longer before I got up. As I lay in the snow a strange warmth would creep over me and I grew drowsy --why not sleeps I thought; after all, what did it matter? And I knew that soon I should fall and not rise again. Then, with the sleep imps tugging at my eyelids until I felt I could no longer resist them, I saw a light. I tried to cry out for joy, but my throat was so parched I could utter no sound. I could see that the light was in a lit- tle creek, some trapper's cabin, I 85 