The Mistaken Sacrifice 105 which Ah Fu did not foresee. He had not figured the possibility of Clay- burne's discovering him in the act of kindling the fire. The knife he bad hurled at the auditor had indeed found its mark, but not before Claybtirne's bullet had reached Ah Fu. Thus the two wounded men died in the flames. That in itself wTould not have convicted Hanley. But even the wisest of Chinamen, with the best of misguided intentions, could not have anticipated that Clay- burne would carry a gun of precisely the same calibre as Hanley's. Nor could he have surmised that a stray, dog in the woods would cause Hanley to fire a shot under circumstances which he could not prove. As it was, everything pointed to Han- ley's having fired the shack himself. Evidence' indicated that he had mur- dered his guest and his servant--one because of what he might discover in going over his books--and the Chinese boy because he knew or saw too much. The very fact that Clayburne had been slain with a Chinese knife looked like a clumsy attempt on Hanley's part to direct suspicion against the Chink. That one shell was missing from Clay- burne's gun was perfectly natural. It was supposed he had fired in self de- fense and that his bullet had caused the rent in Hanley's trousers--the tear which he claimed had been caused by his own shot. It was apparently only a miracle that the ball had not lodged in Hanley's leg. In the face of such supposition, Hanley might plead his innocence as much as he pleased--but he could not contravert the facts as the searchers saw them. "It's tough, old man," his attorney declared, "but we'll do all we can for you." "Save your pains!" Hanley said with disgust. "It isn't worth while. You see, the thing that poor Ah Fu did not know is that I was really , honest--" The lawyer suppressed a smile which Hanley was quick to note. It confirmed his resignation to his fate. "Of course you think I'm lying-- not about the murders--hut about the money. Yet it's gospel truth I'm tell- ing. About five years ago one of my assistants got away with some twelve thousand dollars before I learned of it. I only found it out after Morely had told me to discharge him. Then, when he had disappeared, I was afraid to speak--naturally imagining that Morely would think I'd reverted to type and was merely trying to clear myself by telling a fanciful tale. There was nothing but silence left for me, because the fellow had cleverly forged my hand- writing in making false entries in my private set of books--" "Did Ah Fu know that?" asked the lawyer, and Hanley shook his head. "He couldn't have known--but in some way or other he scented that some- thing was not just right, and he un- doubtedly supposed that I was the crook." "Would those false entries have been discovered by the auditor?" the attorney queried. "Yes," assented Hanley, "and I would have explained them. In that way I could have shown why the figures and the cash in the bank did not agree. Also that the thefts occurred while I had an assistant. Clayburne might have scoffed at me, but I meant to put every card on the table. With the books to show, I might have been able to make them believe me. As it stands, when they learn that the books are gone, they're certain to consider that I destroyed them and killed Clayburne and Ah Fu in going about it." "Perhaps," the lawyer agreed. "Is there anything in your private accounts or in your bank transactions that would 