The Mystery of the Marseilles Express By J. C. Kofoed I THE card they found in his pocket read: EUGENE BERTAL INGINEUR D'CHIMIQUE COURS BELSUNCE, MARSEILLES He was lying in a first class compart- ment of the Paris-Marseilles express, his throat cut from ear to ear. The only other occupants of the. carriage were a blind man and a gentle old lady of eighty, who was hysterical from shock. II The Rue Cannabiere is at once the Broadway and the Boulevard des Italiens of Marseilles, and it is more cosmopoli- tan than pither. Between the big stores, the glittering cafes, restaurants and theaters that flank its width, walk yellow men from China, brown from India, black men from Bermuda or the Sou- dan, Arabs, Portuguese, Italians and Yankees. Turban and fez are as com- mon on the Cannabiere as silk stockings and painted lips. William F. Bailey, special agent for the Department of Justice, sat in a cor- ner of the Restaurant Haxo, absorbed in a magnificent omelette and a cup of chocolate. The warm June sun sprayed through the windows, lacing floor and furniture with thongs of gold. From the window he could see the Vieux Port, with its bristle of masts. His unopened copy of the Matin was propped against a cruet on the center of the table. Bailey had been in France a year, seeking "Beau" Nash, who was wanted in the United States on a dozen charges. Nash was of the highest type of crim- inal, but a man who had made enemies gratuitously. He kicked out of his path men who had enabled him to make a suc- cess of his nefarious calling. But even with information from a number of these Bailey had been unable to trace the old fox. "Railroad" Cartwright had failed to "get" the Beau in his day- failed, with a great incentive to urge him on; and so had a dozen others. The agent thought of the words ©f Eddie Lenoir, when that disconsolate forger was last arrested: "It ain't no use,'' Eddie had said; "things have got so with the wireless an' cables an' international police that there ain't nowhere in the world a man can go where a red-faced Irishman with a badge won't tap him on the shoulder an' say, 'Hello, Eddie, the old man wants to see you.' Only one bird's got you dicks stopped, an' that's Beau Nash. Bill recalled, with a grin of disgust, his answer, "Oh, we'll get him all right. It's only a matter of time." He hadiiad a year, and from all indi- cations was no closer to his quarry than when he started. Well, if Denise Girard, whom he loved, married him, Bailey could hardly call his European trip a failure, even though it might seem so in the eyes of his superiors. 115 