96 His Thirteenth Wife The clockmaker was ready for him, and the box itself was a beauty--as creditable a piece of work as Bruckner had ever seen. It did not weigh too much nor too little, and while he was assured that the watch was perfect in its mechanism and timing, - it did not give forth the slightest sound. The clockmaker beamed when he saw the look of admiration in Bruck- ner's eyes and told him that he might trust the little bomb implicitly. "It is worthy to blow up a Prime Minister!" enthused its author. "Unfortunately, these days, kings are few and trade is far from good. The war seems to have caused an unreasoning dislike for ex- plosives on the part of my very best customers." Bruckner condoled with the man and took his departure. He had received the professional word of the watch- maker that the bomb would not go off if he were to drop it and that it would not explode until eight-fifteen precisely. That was as Bruckner wished. The detonation would be heard just as the motorboat was entering the waters about Calder's Point and would startle those on shore waiting for his wife. In all probability the bomb would tear her to pieces and wreck the boat completely. At least it would utterly destroy itself-- and the gasoline tank. That was, of course, essential--for there must be no remaining evidence, even though no clue could possibly point to him. But because the time schedule of the railroad had been changed without his knowledge, Bruckner did not arrive at the bungalow until almost seven o'clock. It had been a narrow escape from being too late, and the incident made him nervous; yet in a way, he thought, it was fortunate. Mrs. Bruckner was down at the land- ing, dressed in her best bib and tucker, and she greeted him with a smile and an inquiry as to his health. "You look tired, my dear," she sympathized in a motherly sort of fashion, "I really hate to go away and leave you." "I am tired," Bruckner confessed. "I guess I'm not as young as I used to be and I haven't been right pert for the last few weeks. I'll soon be better, how- ever," he added cheerfully. "Just you go on and have a good time, and don't give a thought to me." Then he produced the candy box and displayed it to her. The boatman who had brought him was gone by this time, and he had not seen the package which Bruckner had kept wrapped in a news- paper until this very moment. Now Mrs. Bruckner took it in her hands and plucked at the ribbon, but he shook his finger at her as he might do to a naughty child. "Now don't be impatient or selfish!" he reproved. "Keep it until you get to the party. Then offer some to the others with my compliments." "I suppose I should do that," she agreed with him. "And now I must be going. There's a light under the coffee on the stove, and your supper's on the table. You won't mind a cold snack, will you?" "No," said Bruckner, and then the one flaw in his plan occurred to him. How could he make sure that she would put the candy box where it would cer- tainly destroy the gasoline tank? He could not, if he left it in her possession. Of course it would kill her, but that was not enough. His plan must work out exactly as he had intended, and the only way to insure its perfect success was to go along in the boat. That, in a way, was a risk, but Bruck- ner was equal to the situation. It re- quired quick thinking, but he had a bright idea on the spot. "Well!" he reproached himself, " if I didn't forget my tobacco! I guess I'd better go back as far as the station with you, and then get one of the public 