Fingers from the Grave 47 low slowly straightened out like a flat automobile tire when the air rushes in. Once more Grimstead heard those ghostly footsteps and then the bearded man shrieked like a demon in hell. "Selma, for God's sake, don't!" he gasped. "I didn't mean to do it! I swear I didn't mean to do it!" He staggered back, fumbling at his throat and gasping for breath. "Take your hands away!" he panted. "My God, you are throttling me!" His voice died out in a choking gurgle and he staggered wildly around the room, pulling desperately at his throat as if trying to unloosen the clutch of hands. Grimstead took hold of the struggling figure. "You are mad!" he cried. "There is no one here!" The stranger did not seem to hear. His eyes were rolling in his head and his face was turning a mottled purple. Up and down the room he threshed in agony, trying vainly to break the deadly hold that was apparently fastened upon his windpipe with the grip of a mad- dened bulldog. It was a horrible sight and Grimstead could do nothing but fol- low the agonized man, who seemed des- titute of all reason. The end came quickly! Suddenly there was a rattling sound in the man's throat and then he sank slowly to his knees and toppled forward on his face. Once more the sound of invisible foot- steps and Grimstead looked up from the dead body in time to see the door of the dressing-room open quickly and close. Then he lost all control over his twitching nerves and ran shrieking out of the room, down the stairs and out into the fresh sweetness of the Septem- ber night, staggering like a drunken man, his brain reeling from the horrors of that fetid bedroom. III The sight of the familiar street and the feel of the wind blowing in his face partially restored his faculties to nor- mal, but he was trembling like a drug fiend as he entered Dr. Stoughton's office and his speech was so incoherent that the amazed physician was convinced that he was either intoxicated or insane. But as the spell of the horror wore away and Grimstead began to talk more ration- ally Dr. Stoughton realized that this was no ordinary case and that Grimstead was neither intoxicated nor insane. He was that most pathetic of all objects-- a strong man suffering from overwhelm- ing fright. Dr. Stoughton had been the Carey physician and was for many years Wel- don Carey's closest friend. So it was with a very grave face that he went back to the house with Grimstead, accompa- nied by "Mort" Farley, an official who facetiously called himself Sedley's "chief of police." It was with a strong shudder that Grimstead entered the house that had shattered his skepticism to bits, and fol- lowed the two men upstairs. Every- thing in the bedroom was just as he had left it. His candles were still burn- ing and his automatic lay where'it had fallen from his nerveless hand. In the center of the room was a huddled heap that had once been a man. "Hm! This looks bad!" ejaculated Dr. Stoughton as he bent above the prostrate figure. He turned the body over and the face peered up at him, distorted and black as a charred log. "My God. it's Weldon Carey!" he shouted, drawing back from the corpse in sudden horror. "How do you know?" asked Farley in awestruck tones. "It has been twenty years--and this man wears a beard." 