88 The Murder at Lost Greek where few men ever go, ana in that sad and lonely country there was known to him a hidden creek where one might live for long years and never see so much as a wandering Indian. And it was that one night the girl was awakened from her sleep to find the mad uncle com- manding her to rise and come with him. He had a canOe packed with their be- longings, ready in the river near their cabin. She looked but Once into his eyes and saw there the devil light that told her it was useless to resist. She knew he loved her, in his savage, selfish way, and would not harm' a hair of her head so long as she obeyed him. But if she did not, she knew he was mad. When morning came they were far up the river, and there were none behind who knew whence they had gone. The girl had tried to leave some message in hope that her lover would find it and follow, but the madman suspected she would try such a ruse, and watched, making it useless1. For three days they paddled up the river, and the fourth day the uncle transferred all the duffle to the bank and sunk the canoe. Then for three more days they trav- eled far up into the north, twisting and turning in strange regions where the girl lost all sense of direction and knew she should never find her way out. The fourth day they came to the little cabin on the hidden creek where the uncle had trapped one winter and where no man had been since. He repaired the house and there they lived, the girl desperately hoping that some day her lover, who she knew was scouring the northland searching for her, would find the place. "Ah, m'sieu," she said to me, and her dark eyes glowed with the light of faith, "some day he will come, I know!" The madman, too, knew the lover would search until he found his sweet- heart, or died, and always he watched the rims of the surrounding hills, his hand' caressing his gun and the devil light gleaming in his eyes. And gradu- ally there grew up in his heart a hatred of all mankind because one man had dared to covet the only thing he loved. And now, in his perverted mind, he came to fancy all men were leagued to- gether, aiding the lover in his designs. And in his sleep he would mutter ter- rible threats that boded of evil to what- ever man should set foot in the valley. So that, m'sieu, was what the girl feared. For the uncle was out running his trap line when the storm broke and now she feared.he might return at any time. And if he should come back, and find me? I tell you as I lay there in that cabin I cursed the frost demons that held me helpless. Sometimes, as I listened to the terrible whine of the storm and felt the cabin shake in its grasp, I thought that perhaps he should not return, that the howling wind wolves would have their prey. But then, in my heart I knew it could not be. so, for evil in a man makes him hard to kill. "If he finds you here, m'sieu" sobbed the girl, "he will kill you!" I- tried to quiet her fears, but there were too many in my own heart for my words to be convincing. That night I came to know fear. With the girl I started at each sound at the door, and terrible imaginings crept into my mind. The girl sat by the fire and sobbed softly, while I lay awake, watch- ing, listening. And always I could hear those wind devils, laughing, actually laughing. They were waiting. Then, after a long while, I fell into a fitful sleep and had bad dreams. It was with a start that I awoke sud- denly, conscious of a man's voice. Ah, that voice was born of the wind devils that howled outside in mad glee. Deep and rolling, it was savage like a mad- dened bull moose's. But rising above it, 