60 Exterior to the Evidence said Weathershaw. "Don't let's have any attempt at escape." Marrows came forward and took charge. Dividing his party into two sec- tions, he sent one under Calvert to the rear of the cottage; with the other he ap- proached the front door. "Don't bother to knock, Calvert," he commanded. "Walk straight in, quietly, and make for /that room where the light's burning. We'll do the same at this side. If there's any attempt to bolt, stick to whoever makes it." Marston, following closely upon the heels of Marrows and Weathershaw, in company with Sindal, was struck by the strangeness of the scene on which the two parties presently converged. There had been no difficulty about- entering the cottage; both doors had been open; be- fore the occupants had time to realize that strangers were at hand, the men had stepped quickly down the low-ceilinged hall and were in the living-room. And it required but one glance to see that such a visit as that now in process had never been expected. The room, half-parlor, half-kitchen, comfortable and warm, furnished in the homely style common to the valley, had three occupants. One, a placid-faced, elderly woman, sat in a hooded chair by the fireside knitting a gray stocking. At the table in the centre of the room sat two men quietly eating supper. One of the two men was in the act of carving the beef ; the other was fishing out onions from the jar of pickles; each paused in his act, open-mouthed, as the captors crowded swiftly in. And Weathershaw, swift to note impressions, saw that while one man's face was instantly drawn into a scowl of anger, the other's grew white with fear. Marrows went straight to the matter in hand. Before Madgwick could drop the carving knife the superintendent and Calvert were on either side of him, close to his elbows; before the other man could put down the pickle fork the two detectives were close to him. And the first sound was a cry from the woman by the fire, who hastily dropped her knitting and rose to her feet. "All right, missis!" said Marrows, "No harm intended to you. Now, Madgwick, my lad!" he went on. "We want some information out of you. I'd better tell you straight out--you're sus- pected of having something to do with this affair at Black Scar the other night. Now--keep your hands there on the table!" he exclaimed peremptorily, as Madgwick pushed the knife angrily away from him and made a show of plunging his hands into his pockets. "I don't want to search you, just yet, but I shall if you don't keep quiet. Put your hands on that table--and keep 'em there while you answer my questions." Madgwick laid his hands on the cloth in front of him. They were steady enough, but the hands of the other man, just then bidden to do the same, trem- bled badly, and his face began to work. Marrows pointed to him. "You and this man!" he said, "the two of you--here, Mrs. Beckett, what's the name of this other lodger of yours?" "Stones, sir--Ben Stones," answered the woman, who was obviously much upset. "And a quiet enough fellow. Oh, Madgwick, whatever have you been do- ing with him--it's ye 'at's led him off, if--" "Where's he work?" demanded Mar- rows. "At t' Old Mill, sir; Mr. Etherton's," replied the landlady. "Same'as Madg- wick there does. Oh, dear me--" "Keep quiet, missis," said Marrows. "Here, I'll ask you a few questions first. These two have been lodging with you for some time, haven't they? Aye, just so--well, now, aren't they going to leave you a bit suddenly?" Madgwick turned his head and gave the landlady a warning frown. 