The Devil Takes a Hand By Ward Sterling TENNANT stopped outside the door of his wife's room and went over the details of his plan for the last time. The thing was so absurdly simple that he wondered why he had not thought of it months before. There was not the least chance of a fail- ure. He had only to plant the idea in her diseased brain and she, with the cun- ning that all maniacs possess, would do the rest. Everyone knew her suicidal mania. It had been brought out at the time of the hearing. No blame could possibly be attached to him for her death. Had not the nurse frustrated her in half a dozen different attempts? Damn that fool nurse anyway! She had too ex- alted an idea of the importance of her position. But, after all, it was, possibly, a good thing that she had been so vigilant. People couldn't say that it was careless- ness, then. He smiled to himself as he recalled the kind things their friends had said when he refused to send his wife to an asylum after the court had pronounced her insane. They imagined that it was his great love that made him keep her with him. It was laughable how easily people could be fooled. How were they to know that he had made a careful investigation and found that too close a watch was kept on the inmates of such institutions? There was a bet- ter chance of her making a successful attempt right here at home. Accidents are always liable to happen in private houses; in public institutions people are paid to guard against such things. Curse the fool law that prohibited a man getting a divorce from an insane wife. Such laws made a criminal of a person. Otherwise, he could have mar- ried Helen a year ago. He must guard against his love for her being found out. It might cause someone to cast sus- picion his way. Of course, they would never be able to confirm their conjectures. But his position in the community was too high to have even the finger of scorn pointed in his direction. It would never do for a deacon in the church and a prominent professional man to let people know that lie was guilty of evil, even in thought. No, he must keep away from Helen until he had shown the proper amount of respect for his deceased wife--for he had begun to think of her as already dead! After a period of hypocritical mourning, they could be quietly mar- ried--and he would still retain the love and respect of his fellow townsmen. Of course it meant several months' waiting. It would be hard--but they would have the rest of their lives to- gether--and both of them were young. And there was the matter of Grace's inheritance to be considered, too. Good thing they had never had a child. -It would be all his now--that is, after the proper formalities had been gone through. Naturally, he would erect an expensive headstone to her memory and give her an elaborate funeral. Some people measured a man's love for his wife by the amount of money he spent on her funeral. Yes, the scheme was simply Machia- vellian in its magnitude, and, with the requisite amount of attention paid to the details, there was not the least bit of danger. 77 