The Half-Asleep Girl 73 of my acts, I fear him more. Oh--I-- I wish I were--dead!" "Please don't say that. Things will come out right. They must. Tell me, .Lola, have you--committed many--ah --crimes at his bidding?" She sighed with relief. "No; yours was the first. It seems the idea did not occur to him until he decided to come to America. I think perhaps Jim put it in his head. Jim and 'Red' Belden were canvasmen--rough as they come. And when De Brunner's savings were exhausted--" "I see. But who was the other man --this John Ulrich, who--who died last night?" "He, too, was a ..student of hypnosis --a complacent hypocrite I have always detested. De Brunner became ac- quainted with him in Melbourne. An- other circus man, Cassius Wynn, in- troduced them. It may be, tOo, that the idea of crime through hypnotic con- trol originated in him, or in Wynn. I cannot say. But De Brunner was mas- ter of them all, despite his infirmity. And somehow he found in me his most pliant subject." "Tell me one more thing, Lola. Did John Ulrich commit suicide, or was he murdered?" "I do not know," she said, looking at him with frank eyes, and he knew she spoke the truth, but he was no less un- easy, for he believed he knew now what had transpired the night before. "I had just returned and in a sort of stupor was mounting the steps when someone screamed. I went in and lay the loot on the bed. Jim and Belden were standing staring down at Ulrich. De Brunner said something in a sharp tone; then Jim took the loot and both of them went out quickly. I saw no more of them until this morning." Knibbs welcomed the projection of other suspects on the scene. It relieved him to think that, if Ulrich was knifed, either of the ex-circus men might have had a hand in it. But he had recurrent thrills of fear. For it may- have been that Lola's remembrance of that wak- ing dream was incorrect--and that, after all, she had committed-- No, no! Heaven forbid! He took a short step toward her. "I think I hear someone at the front door," he hissed. "Let's get out of here. No ; I'll not go alone. You must come, too, Lola. I'll care for you. I'll--" "No. It is impossible. ... You were right. There is someone below. Hurry!" "You--" "Oh, if I only might! But I cannot. I feel those invisible ties and they're-- too strong--for me. Go now, please." The closing of the vestibule door reached them distinctly. There was need of haste. Knibbs cast one last pleading look at the girl, saw the use- lessness of petitioning her further, and, determining to return later with the police department at his back, stooped and kissed her full upon the lips. Then he threw open the door and stepped into the hall. He had delayed a bit too long. He stepped squarely in the path of the two canvasmen. VI. And then Knibbs had his hands full. He met Jim--the lean fellow affecting the Chaplin mustache--with a crashing blow in the face that sent him reeling back against his companion. And he followed this Up, launching himself like a tiger at the other's throat. He made the silk stock his target, hoping, inci- dentally, that the force of his attack would carry them both to the floor. But unfortunately Belden had braced him- self against the balustrade, which caused the whole tide of battle to turn. 