The Half-Asleep Girl 75 "Sure. With the murder of John Ulrich." "Ridiculous." De Brunner's eyes narrowed to pin points. "Not altogether," continued Simeon, calmly. "You won't deny, I take it, that you were once a circus performer --a versatile person, as clever on the trapeze as at knife throwing!--" He paused impressively. The paralytic's face blanched.. "I see you're on," he snarled. "How you did it I don't know and don't care. You're a clever devil yourself. But neither you nor the commonwealth shall have the satisfaction of adminis- tering--my--punishment--" It was over in a trice. They saw his hand move quickly, convulsively, under the sheet. A spasm of pain crossed his face. His head jerked up. The mus- cles of his neck and shoulders tensed. For a moment great physical strain was apparent there. Then he relaxed and his head rolled to one side. Dreer leaped forward and threw back the covers. Evidence of Bastian De Brunner's act was sickeningly ap- parent. A dagger--the very one Ulr rich was reputed to have brought from India--was plunged to the hilt in his side. Quickly removing it, he drew the sheet up over the still form. "The state is satisfied," he said. * * * "But how--?" began Fleming Met- calf Knibbs for the hundredth time. They were in Dreer's cluttered apart- ment. Lola Langlois was seated in one of the spacious chairs/ with Fleming draped over its arm, gazing longingly down upon her. He had looked up just long enough to put his question to Dreer. The little man tinkered with his green spectacles a moment before replying. "I hardly know whether to tell you or not," he said. "The truth is I shall probably sacrifice my professional rep- utation in your eyes by doing so. For the whole thing was so absurdly sim- ple. You see, young Knibbs, after you left this morning I made a second care- ful examination of De Brunner's letter from Cassius Wynn and found the en- velope not torn open but carefully cut. That implied one thing, didn't it--that De Brunner opened his mail with a knife? Of course, to do that, he has had at times a knife in bed with him. Suggestive, eh? But not complete. Doctor Collier's statement now re- turned to me: that although paralyzed De Brunner's arms were free. Fur- ther illumination came when I learned upon inquiry that Smith &amp; Townsend was not the name of a mercantile house but of a traveling circus. Some show- men in town supplied me with final de- tails. They remembered Bastian De Brunner and his knife-throwing act. What more would the densest sleuth require? Immediately a picture of John Ulrich disputing De Brunner's power suggested itself. Perhaps Ul- rich threatened to expose him to the police. At any rate a lost temper and a hurtling knife terminated the incident in tragedy. It was Ulrich's death cry, not a call for help from De Brunner, that brought the police. And there you have it. You, young Knibbs, supplied equally as important information as I, however, in learning of this strange fellow's criminal intentions." Dreer arose abruptly and. went to the phonograph and shortly the strains of Les Millions D'Arlequin filled the room. Sitting raptly by the instrument he drank in every note. After a moment he appeared to have been struck by a thought. Unexpect- edly, he cut the record off in its prime, and, stealing a side glance at the youth and maid, now busily engaged in whis- pered conversation, he left the room. Exactly twenty minutes later his apartment bell rang. Of which, also, 