82 The Campaign for Vengeance for Nevins, which would betray the address to which the counterfeit money was being taken. Eighty-six Bay Road. She was sure Creighton would force her to leave before the detectives came-- how could she tell them where to go? To write it would have been simplest, but her pencil and notebook were in the mesh bag which had been stolen from her. She searched the room--not a thing to write with or on. Still, there must be some way-- Nevins had recommended the Morse Code--but how was that possible? . . . She ran about the room in a kind of frenzy -- Morse Code--eighty-six Bay Road. Nevins would search this room --she could not fail him--she must think-- Then her eyes rested on the table on which lay dominoes, some of them turned face up. There were dots on the dominoes! This fact struck her with trip-hammer force. And the blanks could indicate dashes! Nevins, who had spoken of the Morse Code for one whole hou'r the last time she saw him, could not possibly miss. . T . She ran to the table. Thank heaven, there were two sets of dominoes. She could use letters in duplicate. Eighty- six Bay Road. Swiftly her fingers brushed aside such pieces as were use- less. The others she lay, face up, in a certain order. When Creighton came into the room again, she had fin- ished. "You little rat!" he leered. "We're going to eighty-six Bay Road. Suppose you see if you can tell Sergeant Nevins that!" "What are you talking about?" de- manded Rita calmly. (She was stand- ing with her back to the table.) He took her mesh bag out of his pocket and dangled it before her. "Your pencil and notebook are in here and I gave orders to Wortz that there was to be no writing material in this room. The Chief trusted you--but I didn't." "Are you accusing me of--?" He seized her roughly by the wrist. "Come along. You'll find out soon enough what you're accused of. You sit next to me on the front seat of the car. I'm going to keep a gun with a silencer pressed against your side. If you cry out I'll shoot six pretty holes into you!" XIV The raiding party, consisting of ten members of the federal secret service and four city detectives, including Ser- geant Nevins, hit Wortz's print shop at precisely nine o'clock. The place had previously not been shadowed; it was feared a shadow might be noticed and a raid suspected. In Wortz's place, the raiders dis- covered such things as can be found in any print shop and one meek little man who was printing handbills. The searchers passed through every room; they tapped for false floors and walls ; they overlooked no nook or corner. "You got a fine tip, I must say," commented Captain Wayne, who headed the federal detectives. "I got my tip from the most depend- able person in the world!" retorted Nevins. . While this discussion wa going on in the hallway, Tim Tripp, a city de- tective, was standing before a table in one of the rooms on the second floor. There were dominoes on the table; most of the pieces were piled in neat heaps in a corner. But in the centre of the table lay several other dominoes, face up, and something about their arrange- ment attracted and held Tripp's atten- tion. So that a better comprehension of what followed can be had, we will lay before the reader the dominoes as 