Exterior to the Evidence 59 as an investigator of crime. And Mar- rows went straight to the point. "So this is Mr. Weathershaw, is it?" he said, with good-natured curiosity. "Pleased to meet you, sir---I've heard a good deal of you, one time or another. You want our assistance, Mr. Weather- shaw? Well, now, what's the exact line you're taking?" Weathershaw looked round at the door, which Sindal made haste to close. "This!" answered Weathershaw, as the three new-comers closed round him. "I've just explained it to Sir Marston. There's a man in this village whom I've suspected of having a good deal to do with Sir Cheville Stanbury's death ever since I began to investigate matters. I've found out certain things about him --quite sufficient to warrant his arrest. And by a piece of rare good luck, I've found out within this last hour, from my assistant here, Mr, Hartley, that the man'si on the point of leaving the neighborhood, in company with an- other man who is very probably his accomplice. Now, I want you to "come with me to the house where these men lodge, where I'll put some questions to the man I chiefly suspect. And if things go as I think they will, I believe we shall get at the full truth before the night's over." Marrows, who had listened with close attention to Weathershaw, glanced at Calvert when the second man was men- tioned. "You think--if your conclusions are right--that there were two men in at it, Mr. Weathershaw?" he asked. "Two, yes!" said Weathershaw. "And of the identity of one I'm pretty well certain--in fact I am, personally, quite certain. Of the) second man, I'm not certain, but I'm not doubtful." "Aye?--and who's the man you're certain about, now ?" enquired the super- intendent. "I know most of the folk about here. Who is he ?" Weathershaw lowered his voice as he looked round the circle of faces. "A man named Madgwick--one of Mr. Lucas Etherton's foremen, or over- lookers," he answered quietly. There were one or two exclamations of surprise--and the most surprised man was Calvert, who, as a resident of Lithersdale, knew all its people. "Quiet and steady a man as there is in the place!" he said. "If it is so-- well, I could scarcely believe it!" "Just so!" observed Weathershaw drily. "I think you'll have no room left for doubt, though. Well--this man lodges at a certain cottage in Marriner's Fold, and I want to get up there at once." Marrows nodded, and the little com- pany set out--to be joined outside by the two men who had come post-haste from Hallithwaite on Sindal's urgent summons. CHAPTER XXIII Marriner's Fold By this time, night had fallen over the valley, not a clear, starlight night, but a dark, gloomy night wherein the lights of the little houses and the distant mills shone but faintly. All was quiet, on the road and on the hillside up which Hartley and Calvert presently led them. Ere very long, these two, walking in advance, paused, and Calvert pointed to a group of houses lying a little off the path in a depression of the ground. Utter darkness lay over the-houses, save where the glow of a lamp shone feebly through a red curtain. "That's Marriner's Fold," whispered Calvert, as the rest came up. "That cot- age where the light's showing is where Madgwick lodges--the woman's name is Beckett--widow-woman. There's a front entrance, here before us, and a back door, opening on the moor." "Somebody must go round to that," 