54 The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh preferred to do his own driving that afternoon. When Dr. Lake and Samuels were alone, the young doctor produced the stickpin which he had found in the Thatcher farmhouse. "Samuels," he said, "did this belong to Dr. Waugh?" "No, sir," said Samuels promptly, "but I've seen it before." "Where?" "Well, sir, I ain't much hand to no- tice things, but I did notice that pin. The blind young man that the doctor brought home with him was in a ter- rible condition, sir; his shoes were very badly broken and his clothing hung to him only in shreds. His linen was ac- tually black, sir; he actually looked the tramp--a bum. Yet I noticed that he wore that stickpin; perhaps the reason I noticed it was that I could tell by the glance at it that it was a bit valuable and I wondered why he didn't pawn it and get himself a clean shirt and a pair of shoes." Dr. Lake grinned triumphantly. "My hunch wins!" he exulted. "Something told me the minute I found this pin that it was going to be a clue. By the way, Samuels, don't say any- thing to the newspaper men about this stickpin. I want to work this out in my own way--if I can." "Very well, sir," agreed Samuels obediently. After a time the city editors began to lose interest in the Dr. Waugh case; the city detective bureau which had tried to render some little assistance soon found troubles of their own more pressing. Yet once and sometimes twice a week there appeared in the want-ads columns of the newspapers, under the "Lost and Found" classifi- cation, this advertisement: . FOUND--Gold stickpin, animal's claw hold- ing a stone. Will be returned to owner for cost of this advertisement. The advertisement brought no re- sponse. After several weeks had passed, Dr. Lake called upon Coroner Hopkins. "Mr. Coroner," he explained, "I've still got this stickpin that I found out at the Thatcher farmhouse, and I want your permission to keep it a while longer; I want to wear it in my neck- tie just as long as you will allow me to keep it." Coroner Hopkins stared at the young doctor in perplexity. "I fail to grasp just what you mean," he retorted. "If you are asking me to give you property which--" "No, I don't want the stickpin, Mr. Coroner; but it belonged to the man who knows how Dr. Waugh died. He wore that pin when he was ragged and perhaps hungry. I want to wear that pin three hundred and sixty-five days in the year and ten years if need be and give its owner the chance to see it in my tie. If the law of averages breaks my way, and if he's still in the city, he's going to see it--and the man who thought enough of that pin to wear rags rather than pawn it will make some effort to get it back." "Oh, I see," snorted the coroner not without a sneer; "I see; you are still playing detective. Well, you are a per- sistent young fool, but it occurs to me that you'd better be spending a little more time with your medical practice. "Then I may keep the pin for a while longer?" asked Dr. Lake, eagerly. "I'd forgotten you had it," grunted the coroner. "By thunder, Doc, I do admire persistency!" * * * Dr. Waugh's death occurred in June; it was the following September when Dr. Lake, his automobile in the repair shop with a cracked crank case, was forced to make a trip to the city, via trolley. His business took him to the north side and he boarded a crowded 