98 The Man Who Would Not Die new evidence that would tend to help in working out the solution of the puz- zle. For in the past he had secured much valuable help from the newspaper men. But this time he was doomed to disap- pointment. They could find nothing-- absolutely nothing---that gave him any additional light. Nothing had been left undone. Men from the inspector's office had combed the city in search of a clew to the mys- terious Lessman. But without avail. Only the machine used in the Harden &amp; Company robbery had been found. Stolen earlier in the day from a garage in the outskirts of the city, it had been abandoned by the side of a country road when the users were through with it. Be- yond that one small detail, no headway had been made. The newspapers had assigned their best man to the case. They could secure not even a trace of the unknown perpe- trator of the startling crimes--for Des Moines had not thought it advisable to take the press into his confidence in so far as the threatening letter he had re- ceived was concerned. Tired and disgruntled, he was about to leave the office, for the night, when the 'phone on his desk thrilled. He picked the receiver from its hook and answered. "Inspector Des Moines?" queried a heavy, male voice. Des Moines answered in the affirma- tive. The man at the other end of the line chuckled to himself. "Well ?" growled the Inspector. "Did you call me to the 'phone at this time of the night to tell me a joke?" Instantly, the quiet laughter ceased and the voice came clear and strong across the space. "No, inspector, I beg your pardon. This is Lessman speak- ing!--Lessman, the Man Who Will Not Die! I imagined that I would catch you in your office. I had a notion to call around and see you, then thought better of it. Can you understand me all right? "Now, listen to me carefully, Des Moines. I told you that I would give you fair warning when I was ready to make my next move. I always keep my word. Are you listening? Tomorrow morning, on the stroke of ten, I am go- ing to kill a man! Where? Oh, no, I have no objection to telling you where-- on the street in front of 1416 Broadway --yes, 1416 Broadway! Probably a policeman! No, no, not you. But be on the job, inspector. I am doing this for a purpose. I hate the police, damn them! But it will give you an opportu- nity of studying my methods. Ha, ha! You and I will match wits frequently from now on. "Oh, yes. Before I say good night I'll make you a promise. If you'll be pres- ent tomorrow, I'll promise you that I will do my best to hunt you up and talk with you. You need not go to the trou- ble of notifying the papers, for I have done that myself. I've asked them all to send their best men. That's all for this time. Good-bye!" The receiver at the other ?nd was hung up with a click. Then Des Moines was galvanized into action. Frantically he jiggled the hook up and down until Central answered sharply. "Quick!" he demanded. "This is In- spector Des Moines at Headquarters. Where did that call come ffom just now ? Get on the job and find out. Fifty dollars in it for you if you'll find out immediately!" "Hold the line, please!" Thirty seconds later his vigilance was rewarded. "This is the Chief Operator. The call you inquired about came from booth number fourteen at the Biltmore. Send the reward to Operator One-hundred- and-Six, please." To secure a connection with the switchboard operator at the Biltmore re- quired only an instant. 