The Man Who Knew Too Much 111 minutes after I enter, and you will see. Or rather, you will not see!" Arbuthnot made an involuntary step toward the other, who smiled and closed the heavy door. "Do not be alarmed! I have other things to show you." He pointed out a few of the ingenious contrivances in the laboratory, calling especial attention to his electric incin- erator and showing his guest how, by turning a small lever, a globular furnace became white hot in a minute or two. Anything placed therein would shrivel almost instantly to ashes. "And now for the real exhibit," he said, leading Arbuthnot to the far end of the room and around the screen which he had noted on entering. III Late afternoon had set in; and the dusk revealed nothing but a long row of square glass cases standing upon a trestle and emanating a sickly greenish light in the afterglow which slanted down through the skylight. Slade switched on some incandes- cents. Details leaped out at Arbuthnot. He noted that some of the glass tanks con- tained a fluid, while others were dry. Electric wirps were connected with each, and thermometers indicated their in- terior heat. Faint stirrings--a little scraping on the sand of one of the dry containers--indicated some sort of life within. Slade touched his sleeve and directed him to the end of the row. Peering within, the alienist made out some creature which he could not iden- tify, nor even classify as plant or ani- mal. It swayed gently in the water, its eight or nine inches erect, with a bulbous head and a suggestion of human fea- tures ; but its limbs were like some un- wholesome plant, with twigs for hands and feet. It seemed rooted in a yellow- ish-gray clay at the bottom of the tank. Little bubbles rose continuously from its mouth. "Part man--part seaweed," observed Slade. "What do you think of it?" Arbuthnot bent closely over the stag- nant water. A feeling of horror crept through his veins like iced water. The homunculus turned its head--if it was a head--upward, and its eyes, whitish and without expression, seemed to look through the viscous fluid into his own. A rudimentary nose--a wide mouth-- sessile ears--these he made out before the thing seemed to take fright and slithered down to burrow into the clay in which its lower limbs were rooted. Without a comment Arbuthnot per- mitted himself to be led to the next tank. Here was, unquestionably, a minia- ture woman. Beautiful and shapely as a fairy, with perfect breasts and an ex- quisite little head swaying upon a slen- der neck, her skin shimmered silvery- green in the water. Arbuthnot turned deathly sick as he saw that below the waist she--it--was seemingly a slimy eel! Concerning the occupants of the other glass boxes he retained only a jangled sense of hideous and unclassifiable mon- strosities. There were serpents that were part vegetable; plants that mocked humanity. There were other things that fascinated by a sort of loathsome beauty. Sickened to the soul, he was dragged back to a consciousness of the present by the low-pitched voice of John Slade, whose presence he had forgotten. "I don't suppose that I can possibly explain my feelings toward these little creatures. We have no adjectives, no similes for it--because it isn't a human emotion. I am the first man ever to know it. There is nothing of sex in it, you see; nothing comparable to love of wife, or parents, or offspring. It is the yearning of the creator over the people he has created. God feels it, I suppose, 