Two Bells 109 smashed--clear to the main hatch! Who in the name of--" He stopped as a roll of the vessel sent him sliding across the wet deck. - / "Grip yourself, man!" cried Cardi- gan, rising and moving to his side. "Remember, you're midshipman on this brig! . . . Let's make for the long- boat. ..." The mate led the way from the poop to the long-boat, where a group of men, smears of dark animation in the fog, were struggling at the davits. English Charlie's voice rose above the clamor as he sang out orders. "Did you find the cabin-boy, Char- lie?" asked Cardigan, reaching the cockney, who stood with a dripping tar- paulin thrown over his shoulders. "No, sir--an' Hi looked from bow to stern!" Poor beggar, thought Cardigan. His fears were confirmed. The two figures Stearns had seen in the mist loomed as sinister elements in the fate of the cabin-boy; the cry seemed conclusive evidence that evil had befallen him. He gripped himself and ordered: "Charlie, send two men below to fetch provisions and blankets--and have them step lively!" As two of the crew disappeared in the fog, headed for the companion, English Charlie drew himself into the lif e-boat. "Everything in shape?" queried Car- digan. "Aye, aye, sir! Oars, mast, canvas and water!" "Is the rudder shipped properly? . . . Here come the provisions. In with them, men. . . . Get the lines clear and the boat ready to swing! One of you tail on the falls! . . . Lower slowly--slowly or you'll swamp her! Stand by, lads! Now, ease off---ease off!" Leaning over the slanting rail Cardi- gan saw the dark shape of the boat plunge downward, saw it strike the sea and ride free of the hull, borne on a white surge. How small, how helpless it looked, down there in the mist, thought Cardigan. "Are all hands there ?" he called, as the last man shot down the line. "All but the men for'ard, 'sir," an- swered a voice from the misty smudge below. "They didn't have a chance when she struck. . . ." Cardigan, preparing to swing down the line, felt a peculiar reluctance to abandon the brig. Suppose, after all, the cabin-boy was somewhere-- A thought sped like steel through his brain. The Malay knife. He was leaving that behind. Queer that one should suddenly remember a fragment of sentiment amid such chaos-- "Lay her nose close in, lads !" he or- dered over the rail. "I'm going to have a look below. If I'm not back in four minutes don't wait. . . He made his way to the companion, climbing down the almost inverted stairs into the main cabin, where the w,ater reached his waist. Trusting more to his sense of direc- tion than his outstretched hands,, he groped his way aft, beneath the decks, to the paint-locker. In the misty ghost- light that spilled through the nearly de- molished deck above he found the nail- riven iron door and drew back the bolt. With a shriek of hinges it swung out --spitting a large object in the waist- deep flood. Cardigan swore aloud as he perceived it to be a human body; bent over; lifted it; cursed again. It was the cabin-boy--bound and gagged! In the half-light he could see the mutely imploring eyes--dark pools of pain. With haste he secured the Malay knife and severed ,the bonds, afterward removing the gag from the bruised, swollen mouth. ". . . God, sir," burst out The 