48 The Trap before the train stopped again. The failure of his boy to appear at the last station convinced him that he had to depend entirely upon himself. Only his own wits could save him. Meanwhile Sterne had opened the suitcase and taken out a bottle of whit- ish fluid with which he liberally sponged face, neck, hands and wrists. Magically the dark skin turned to the sunburned hue of the average European. Disre- garding the remainder of his body he quickly donned the white man's garb, standing forth in a faultlessly pressed suit of white flannels. The transforma- tion was almost incredible. Where had been a slovenly old ayah was a smartly dressed white man of India. "While I was dressing, an idea oc- curred to me," said Sterne, taking the pistol from Higgins and sitting down opposite to Smith. "It is foolish for any man to commit murder so long as he can get somebody else to do it for a few hundred rupees. Any man with brains would be willing to pay more than that to escape the danger of the death penalty. However, nobody seems to be able to kill you--even when you walk straight into my trap. It remains for me to do it. Isn't that reasonable ?" "Uh-huh," said Smith very casually, "but what's the idea that occurred to you while dressing?" "Look!" continued Sterne, carelessly throwing open the door of the small servants' compartment. "My servant carried out my orders in regard to your servant." Through the open door Smith saw the bound form of Langa Doonh lying upon the floor. A great load was lifted from his mind at the sight. Smith was fond of Langa Doonh, and dead people do not have their legs tied. "I merely show you this so that you may know how utterly helpless you are," continued Sterne as he closed the door and resumed his seat. "It would be weak-minded for me to kill you if I can find another solution. You have inti- mated that I never break my word. The same truth applies to you. Every crim- inal in India knows it. Your word would be accepted by any thief with brains if he has worked long in this country." "Your proposition?" drawled Smith. "I will spare your life," returned Sterne, "if you will promise to do as I tell you." Smith merely raised his eyebrows in an interrogative manner. "You will get off the train at Rajah- mundry," continued Sterne, "and go down the Godavery River by native boat to Yanaon, which is a French pos- session. There you will take ship out of India and you will never set foot in this country again." "An interesting idea," replied Smith but showing slight interest. "Will you entertain a counter proposition from me?" "Proceed." "I will give you two hundred thou- sand rupees in jewels if you will go down the Godavery River and leave the country as you would have me do." "Scarcely enough, old dear," bantered Sterne, but a gleam came into his eyes. "You forget," argued Smith, "that you will avoid the necessity of killing me and thereby escape the unpleasant- ness of a death penalty hanging over your head. That surely is worth 'sev- eral lakhs of rupees." Through his half-shut eyes, as he smoked, Smith believed that he could detect upon the face of his opponent the faintest trace of cunning covetousness. He was fencing for his life and was about to deliver his most skilful thrust. Failure to penetrate his adversary's guard almost surely would forfeit his life or his honor. With apparent un- concern he flicked the ash from his cigarette and waited for the reply. "Just--a--what jewels are these?" 