52 The Mystery of the One-Legged Man of us. At last they rested on Smith- ers, and guided by the constable's uniform, addressed him as the officer of the law. "Have you got the man that did this?" "Not yet," Smithers replied. "And now, sir, I'll trouble you to tell me who you are and what you know of this business." Wonderly indicated Fellows and me. "These gentlemen know me," he said. "My name's Wonderly. I was a friend of Dr. Parkington. As for what I know of this business--unfor- tunately I can't help you a bit." "You were staying in the house?" Wonderly looked down significantly at his night clothes. "I certainly was," he answered, "in that room across the hall." "And you heard nothing? No sound ?" An expression of sorrow--almost of shame passed over Wonderly's face. "If I only had," he replied quietly, "I'll wager Parkington would be-alive now. You see, gentlemen, some years ago I lost the hearing in my right ear. This deficiency doesn't bother me ordi- narily but if I happen to go to sleep on my left ear as I did tonight, I'm as deaf as a post." At my suggestion we went down- stairs and seated ourselves in the li- brary, leaving the murder chamber and its ghastly inhabitant untouched to await the offices of the coroner. But hardly had we taken our chairs when Fellows jumped to his feet, exclaiming: "This sitting around when Dr. Park- ington's murderer is making good his escape is too much for me. I'm going to have a look around." 1 I put out my hand to stop him but at a signal from Smithers let it fall. "Let him go," he said after Fellows had left the room. "It won't do any good but it won't do any harm and it may ease the poor lad to be doing something." "Of course you have sent out a gen- eral alarm," I asked Smithers a minute later. He nodded. "Of course, sir. Any one-legged man seen hereabouts will find his way to the police station." Then we began a careful consider- ation of the crime, each man suggest- ing that which he thought might help toward clearing it up and bringing the criminal to justice. In this consultation, I conceived a great admiration for Captain Won- derly. The man had an exceedingly keen mind. In competition with Smithers and Inspector Grant, both old hands in the pursuit of criminals, he showed up wonderfully. No point escaped him and several times he set the others right in the development of a theory or in the statement of facts. Then and there, I said to myself, that could I persuade Wonderly to give up his time to seeking the murderer of my friend, I might hope for some results. I was about to put the suggestion to him when we were all startled by the sound of quick footsteps on the stairs and along the hall. An instant later the library door swung wide and the huge bulk of Fellows filled the aper- ture. I caught my breath in amazement as I saw the expression on his face. His eyes were wild with excitement and about his lips were lines of grim deter- mination. Without a word to the detectives or me, he crossed the room to Wonderly and bending over him whispered in his right ear. A look of utter amazement came into Wonderly's eyes. This was quickly followed by fear which in turn changed to a sort of blind rage. He strove to 