40 Murder in Haste tramp the streets and keep my eyes open. Hard work, Dbctor, and not exactly exciting. I met the fellow by accident and arrested him. But when at headquarters the man removed his hat, I received the shock of my life. The prisoner was almost completely bald and yet it had been definitely proved that five days previous--when the crime had been committed--he had a crop of long, thick, brown hair. "But this circumstance which at first seemed to ruin our case--the prisoner of course denied he was the wanted man --eventually proved his undoing. Men don't usually lose a thick crop of hair in five days, we were sure of that. We consequently deduced that the prisoner had made himself bald by some artificial method. Rather unique, eh? You fre- quently hear of men disguising them- selves by putting on wigs, but they sel- dom effect a disguise by pulling out their natural hair. "Well, while the entire department was trying to puzzle out a way of prov- ing that the suspect had removed his own hair, nature herself solved the mystery for us. The man was held in jail without bail. After three weeks the entire top of his head blossomed out like grass in the spring. That clinched it, of course. He confessed that he had first cut his hair short and then removed the hairs with an electric needle. This process required a couple of days, but his trick would have worked, if he could have applied the needle again on his hair as soon as it grew." The doctor, keeping his back turned to the detective, replied: "A unique case, Mr. Carr. You might call it a bald murder." The detective laughed. Then after a pause : "We were talking last time of the murder of Mr. Kirven. Have you changed your mind and accepted my theory that the missing Mr. Lesser in all probability remained in the city and made the bold stroke of adopting some mode of life which brings him into con- tact with many persons daily?" The doctor stiffened perceptibly. "An ingenious theory, Mr. jCarr. But to judge from the newspaper accounts of Mr. Lesser, he was probably not clever enough to work out so subtle a scheme." There was little conversation after that. Dr. Perry worked in almost com- plete silence on the tooth until the task was completed. The detective noticed that the dentist's hands were a trifle unsteady. Detective Carr left the office deter- mined to proceed quickly and openly against Dr. Perry.. He had reached the conclusion that he had succeeded in tor- menting the doctor into such a state of "nerves" that he would be unable to stand up under a grilling at headquar- tejs. It was Carr's intention to consult the district attorney about the advisa- bility of obtaining a warrant for Dr. Perry's arrest. While Carr was on his way to the district attorney's office both of his shoe laces became loosened. He bent over to tie them. He held his head down for several minutes. Then, just as Detective Carr entered the district attorney's' office, a strange phenomenon occurred. The detective was suddenly seized with a convulsion; he fell to the floor and his body became rigid. A doctor was immediately summoned, but although Carr lived for almost an hour and a half, he could not be again brought to consciousness. The symptoms--the rigid muscles, the stiffness at the back of the neck, the asphyxia, the wide open and fixed eyes, the ristis sardonicus (drawn aside mouth)--convinced the doctor that De- tective Carr had been poisoned with strychnine. The post-mortem investi- gation, however, only added another 