66 The Campaign for Vengeance In an instant everything was in a bed- lam. Screams and terrible oaths, pleas, wailing cries of pain rang out in the darkness. The line broke; everyone fought viciously for freedom. Tables were overturned and windows smashed. The police dared not use their revolvers or clubs out of fear of injuring each other. When the lights were switched on again, the hall was half empty. Most of those who remained were women; women with bleeding faces and torn hats and dresses. Inspector Carrigan mopped his fore- head. Then he looked with pity upon the cowering humanity before him. "Send for an ambulance," he in- structed. "And go easy with them poor broken dolls. What Tve were after got away in the dark." IV At five o'clock the following morn- ing, the mother of Sergeant Alan Nevins was startled by the raucous ring of the door bell. Looking out of a front window, she saw a girl stand- ing at her door. A moment later, Alan Nevins was being shaken out of a pro- found slumber. "Miss Cornell is at the door, Alan. Alan! Wake up!" When Alan, dressed completely, up to and including the correct knot in his scarf, came down, the girl was waiting in his sitting-room. "But my dear Marguerite," he began. "Miss Rita Daly, if you please," she corrected. Then, "I've come to inquire whether your little raid of last evening was a success." "We didn't get a blamed thing on anybody," he confessed, dejectedly. "But do you know, Marguerite--" "Miss Daly!" "Do you know, Miss Daly," fiercely-- "that they could almost give you life for turning out the lights?" "They could, Mr. Nevins, if they had caught me. I crawled out right through the legs of the fat cop at the front door--honest I did," she smiled disarm- ingly. "I've come for my lesson." "Lesson?" "My lesson in slang. First, what is snow ?" "Snow!"--he leaned toward her eagerly: "Then there was snow in that place last--" "What is it?" she insisted. "Drugs, in powdered form." "And what is a gat?" she asked. "And a goof, and a billy, and a cake- eater, and a sniffer, and a hard-boiled egg, and a finale hopper, and a belly- wash, and a wet-blanket, and a dumb- bunny. And what do you do when you pull in your ears, kid, you're coming to a tunnel, and when you should hope to kiss a pig, and when you: shake a wicked shimmy, and are paralyzed above the Adam's apple?" She crossed her legs and smiled wistfully. "I hoid all dem woids las' night at the dance and I dunno wotinell dey mean. See?" Sergeant Nevins scratched his chin. "Five o'clock in the morning is hardly an opportune time, Mar--Miss Daly, for a les--" "All right. I'll find another in- struc--" "No! No!" he seized her hand and pulled her back into her chair. So the lesson commenced. And when she was up on definitions, she once again smiled wistfully into his sleepy eyes, and said simply: "Now teach me to swear." He glared at her with all the dignity a man of twenty-five can put into a glare, but the smile did not fade from her face. So he taught her. V Two nights later, Rita Daly, on her way home from the department store in which she worked, found Mr. 