116 The Mystery of the Marseilles Express The chatter of two men, drinking wine at a nearby table, annoyed him. One was tall and gaunt; the other stoop shouldered, slack chinned, pinched. Bailey, subconsciously, had heard the entire conversation. Apparently the big man was berating the other rather too harshly for that gentleman's taste. He wound up with a gust, "Name of a dog, but you are a fine one to call yourself a railway man. Not all the way did I see you--lazy lizard--" The little man sprang up, with a snarl at the edge of his lips. Then he glanced around, hesitated, and after a moment slouched out. Bill yawned, and picked up his paper. In a flash his bored air dropped from him, and he stiffened with amazement. It was not the headlines telling of the death of Monsieur Bertal, but the. fact that the dead chemist's photograph was that of Beau Nash! It required just two minutes for the agent to pay his bill and leave the Res- taurant Haxo. The Prefecture of Police was only a short distance away, but fifty Frenchmen shrugged their shoulders and exclaimed anent the mad hurry of Americans as Bailey dashed by. The prefect greeted him politely. Of a certainty the body was in the mortu- ary, and if Monsieur Bailey desired to view it there could be no possible objec- tion. It also happened that the two oc- cupants of the compartment at the time of the murder were in the prefecture, and it would be possible to speak with them. It was hoped that the distin- guished American secret agent might aid them in this ease. Bailey followed a glum gendarme down a corridor .to the room where the unfortunate flotsam of the city so often paid their final visits. There was some- thing on one of the slabs--a rigid some- thing covered with a white cloth. The agent turned down one corner of the sheet, and then replaced it. His search was ended. The lean face and drooping mustache, the graying yellow hair--It was Beau Nash beyond a doubt! "You recognize him, monsieur?" asked the prefect, who had followed Bailey into the mortuary. The American told him. "It is not surprising to me. There is a chemical engineer named Bertal, who resides in Marseilles, but we learned that he is at home, having returned from Paris last night. And now, monsieur, if you will come with me to the office we will speak with Madame Berthier, who was in the compartment -at the time of this man's death." Madame Berthier, a delicate little lady of eighty, told Bailey, in a frightened voice, all she knew of the affair. No one in their senses could have suspected her; but the frightful experience had shaken her to the soul. "We had passed Lyons, monsieur," she explained. "It was late, nearly two in the morning. I was dozing. Monsieur Bertal was asleep in the corner directly opposite me; the blind man, Monsieur Robert, was beside him. The door of the compartment had been locked after we left Lyons. There was a young woman wearing a heavy veil in the next compartment when we left Paris. The police found no one else in the car but us when they investigated." She stopped, and covered her face with her quivering hands. Bailey patted the old lady's shoulder reassuringly, and after a moment she continued: "I don't know what time it was when I woke up. The lights cast only a dim blue haze over the compartment. I was a little dazed at first. I rubbed my eyes, and saw--saw Monsieur Bertal. He was sitting up very straight, his head tilted back against the cushion, his eyes star- ing at the ceiling. Then I saw the slash across his throat, and the b-blood soak- ing his shirt and vest, I screamed--and 