86 The Campaign for Vengeance selling mine stock in the Trinidad Build- ing at the time. "Then, with Breen, she tried to steal a letter from me and blackmail me. That, gentlemen, showed her intelli- gence--intelligence, that is, from our point of view. Well, I had worked the mine game to the limit and wanted to disappear anyhow--so Breen and I staged a murder. He killed me when I surprised him at my safe, see? He used a 'property knife'--a knife whose silvered wooden blade can be pressed up into its handle which is filled with red ink. The blade thus became stained red--and so did my shirt front. After I was dead, he sent her out of the office and the next day he told her he had disposed of my body with Creigh- ton's help. "That stunt served several purposes. I disappeared; I had the chance to ob- serve Miss Cornell during a trying moment, and by bluffing her into be- lieving she had been in on a murder, I got a grip on her. Is that clear? "Well--I decided she had the cour- age, the wit and the--attractiveness to be useful to us. The Creightons took her in. Then she somehow tipped off Nevins about Geiger. We allowed her a free reign, but James at headqudir- ters kept an eye on Nevins and ran down his history. He found that Nevins had been a friend of James Cornell and was engaged to Cornell's sister Marguerite. We looked up Mar guerite and found she was missing from her home. We got several good de- scriptions of her--and these descriptions tallied with the appearance of Rita Daly! "James phoned that news to me this evening. Later, he phoned again and said that Nevins would raid Wortz at nine. I called up Wortz's place and had them all come here and bring the girl with them. Then I sent for the rest of you. That is all, gentlemen." XVI Rudie Bueen cleared his throat. "Since, after all, I- was the sap who nearly queered this gang by picking up the girl, why not let me square myself with the gang by relieving you gentlemen of any trouble in regard to her--blotting out?" They considered the proposition. "If Iglano were out," said Harker, "he could manage it neatly. But with him in J--" The door bell rang. They were in a room from whose windows a person at the front door could not be seen. After a moment's silence, Bradshaw instructed the butler, "Run down, Benny, and see who it is." Benny went out of the room and left the door leading to the hall open. The others heard him go down the stairway. Then the house door was opened, and then closed again with a bang. There came a crash of broken glass, then two shots, then faintly, Benny's voice, "Cops!" Instantly everyone in the room jumped to his feet. During the com- motion, Rudie Breen edged Rita toward the door, keeping himself between her and the others. Bradshaw waved his men back and snarled, "Another squeal! Well, Miss Cornell, this is your last." He drew his gun and leveled it. The somewhat muffled report of an exploded cartridge followed. Bradshaw pitched forward on his face, blood pouring from a hole in his forehead. Rudie Breen, smiling* the inevitable cigarette hanging loosely from his lips, had fired from his coat pocket and he had hit his mark. And this time it was not a stage killing. Oaths, exclamations from the others. Everyone drew, but Creighton fired first. Breen, still smiling, crumpled silently to the floor. 