126 The New Mystery Books (Continued from page 114) secret society of the Scarlet Hand thrown in for good measure. And the dear old island of John Bull is again threatened. Its complete destruction was planned, mind you. But ah! our two boy heroes appear, get kidnapped, carted off to China, but in the end manage to save the British Govern- ment. If you don't believe me, read the book yourself. Diamond Dick stuff for $1.75. * * * IV This Man's World, by Will Leving- ton Comfort.--Please, Mister Editor of this Magazine, can you tell me why this book was ever published? . , . What? You think it was originally a rejected movie scenario? . . . But do you think it will now be filmed? . . . No. Neither do I. It's too bad even for the movies. And the author might have written such a nice yarn about the South Sea Islands, had he been so tempted, instead of this cheap, improb- able story. * * * V Within Four Walls, by Edith Baulsir.--One of these mysterious house yarns that a noble hero inherits, goes to the place to live, and gets mixed up in a murder. Of course he is wrongly accused, as is everybody else. But in the end "there is a surprise in store for the reader." Same old stuff, a little worse than usual, that's all. * * * VI Yellow Men and Gold, by Gouver- neur Morris.--Again a buried treasure yarn; always a safe bet for authors in need of money. This time the plot is clumsily conceived and rather badly written. It will try your patience. And let us hope that this is the. last time a Chinaman appears between the covers of an American novel. Yes, I think the hero finally gets the buried gold and wins the girl. I didn't finish the yarn, so I don't know for sure. But I drew my own conclusions. * * * VII Quill's Window, by George Barr McCutcheon--Remembering the adoles- cent thrills I got many years ago from "Graustark," (bad stuff, I grant you, but amusing), I can't quite forgive Mr. McCutcheon for publishing this most recent of his atrocities. It's something of a small-town story, and deals with a queerly shaped cave on a hillside called "Quill's Window"; where old Quill himself was found hanging by the neck one day, where a woman's skeleton was also discovered, and where other supposedly thrilling things took place. After all, it's nothing but a dime novel. * * * VIII The Panelled Room, by Rupert Sargent Holland.--"The rubies were gone!--that was certain." Thus runs the style of this lurid masterpiece. Blackmailers, an accidental murder, a persecuted woman, and similar juicy bits go to make up this yarn. I have said before, and I say it again, they are publishing books nowadays in cloth bindings that used to sell in the days of Street and Smith for ten cents. * * * IX The Snowshoe Trail, by Edison Marshall.--This is the one plot that is invariably used by writers who lay the scene of their story in the great North- west--the search for a missing man. This time you have more poetical descriptions than usual, about the same number of hairbreadth escapes, and the same old last chapter. Will we ever get a new plot of the North woods? 