The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh 57 " 'None of your damn business,' I told him. " 'Come with me,' he said; 'you need a square meal.' "I went along with him. After the meal, as we sat in a quiet corner of the rather cheap restaurant, he made me his proposition. As near as I can remem- ber it, he said: " 'Life means nothing to you, for you were about to kill yourself. I want to make a bargain with you. I want to engage in- a sort of an adventure; it may cost you your life, it may not-- you'll have to take that chance. If you live through it, you will be five thousand dollars the richer; if it costs you your life the five thousand will be disposed of as you see fit. That's my propo- sition ; I shall tell you no more. Take it or leave it.' "I thought it over. He was right; life meant nothing to me. He was offer- ing me the chance to at least quit the world with a clean slate--it would square up my debts and a little besides. I accepted his proposition. "He telephoned for his automobile and, while we waited, took me into the washroom of the restaurant where he bandaged my eyes. " 'I'll have to blindfold you,' he ex- plained ; 'it's part of the agreement.' "When we got into the car we drove for a short time and stopped. We went up some steps; it was the house where he lived. I heard him tell a servant, whose name was Samuels, that I was blind and that he was going to treat me. I might as well have been blind, for there wasn't a ray of light through those bandages. "Almost at once he had me undress and put me through a physical exami- nation, especially testing my heart. " 'Sound as an ox,' I heard him say after he used the stethoscope. 'Perfect heart; that's fine.' "I spent the night at the house and the next day he sent to the bank for the five thousand dollars. An hour or so after that he gave me some decent clothes--some of his I think they were, for we were of about the same build-- and led me out to his automobile. He drove himself and I sat on the front seat with him. We went downtown and he allowed me to remove the ban- dages from my eyes. Then I went into a bank--alone--and deposited the five thousand dollars with instructions as to where to send it if I did not call for it within a week. I got back into the car with him and he seemed much re- lieved. " 'I was afraid you'd try to give me the slip after you had the money,' he said. That hadn't occurred to me; I had too much curiosity anyway--I had to see it through. "After we left the downtown dis- tricts he wrapped the bandages on again and we drove for a long time. I could tell by the atmosphere that it was night- fall. We had left the boulevards and were jolting over rough country roads. At last we stopped and he led me through high grass and weeds; my feet got all tangled up in them. "He took me into a house and I knew by the musty smell that no one had lived there for some time and I knew by the hollow way that our footsteps echoed through the place that it was unfurnished. We had not walked very far when I stumbled over something which barked my shin. Before I knew what happened, a rope dropped over my neck and was drawn tight. Instinctive- ly I clawed at the thing which was cut- ting into the flesh of my neck but he seized my arms and, although I strug- gled, he succeeded in tying .them be- hind me. Of course that made me helpless. I couldn't offer much re- sistance when he grabbed my legs and tied my ankles--tied my feet to the floor. 