Ananias Ltd. 23 With the picture of that wonderful office fresh in my mind, I was of the opinion that there was much strength in Jedidiah's opinion. The Hectopus Mining and Ex- ploration Co., it seemed, was in somewhat the same category as the elephant trophies. The story of the mine had followed another of the young man's more or less regular but mysterious absences. This time he had not told where he had been, but lent an air of mystery to his re- cent experiences. For three or four weeks after his reappearance at home he had gone about clad in laced boots and wearing a tourist-style Stetson, khaki riding breeches and a Norfolk jacket. His face was bronzed, his hands calloused and he had cultivated a drawl that might have been ac- quired in Georgia, Arizona or the Blue Ridge mountains. To all in- quiries as to where he had been, he had replied by placing a finger to his lips, glancing furtively about and whispering the one word--"Gold." According to Quinot, his nephew had followed up this bit of play- acting with a lie as elaborate as the elephant story. But with this differ- ence--he had commercialized his men- dacity. In the case of the elephant he had reached his climax by the gift of the humidor trophy to his indig- nant uncle; in the present episode he had gone to the length of selling for money stock in a gold mine which did not exist. "Why?" had been about the third question I asked when I started the investigation. The answer was simple enough. Herbert Cryder was "broke." One cannot go on forever playing prac- tical jokes which involve such ex- penses as a pair of elephant tusks and the like indefinitely unless one is a multimillionare. And this our young friend was not. He had in- herited about $150,000 from his father and apparently started out to spend it on a million dollar scale. Just be- fore he vanished on the trip that preceded the gold mine story, he was known to be playing heavily in the market and the result had evidently been disastrous. He had admitted as much--talked about it quite openly, in fact--and the news was common gossip. There was a further motive which Jedidiah explained to me at length and which sounded perfectly logical after I had induced him to talk. He did not want to tell me anything about it at first, saying it was purely a fam- ily matter. It seemed that Cryder was in line for another fortune--a big one this time, amounting to about three- quarters of a million. This was the estate of a childless old uncle! ofl whom he had once been the favorite but in whose "black book" his esca- pades had enrolled him time and again. If Cryder could tide matters over until the death of this uncle, Quinot demonstrated, and at the same time appear to have settled down as a solid business man, he would be fixed for life. It all sounded simple enough to me. The old uncle was apparently already on his death bed, with stocks of the Hectopus in his vaults, and all Cryder had to guard against was a speedy exposure. II To those of us who knew these facts it was plain that behind his laughing mask young Cryder was nothing less than a desperate adven- turer, staking his wits and his nerve against time and fate in a game for the fortune of old Ezekiel Cryder. It had been about a year, I learned, 