Brothers-of-the-Coast 125 "I will stay with you, Senor Mor- gan," she whispered. Then I saw in the smoke Morgan's pistol flame. It was the end for me. II I came to myself with a nervous jerk. The lights of Port Royal twinkled at my back. The Mary Rose had disappeared. How long I had been sitting there on the cask, pondering on the strange things Hong Fat had shown me I do not know. My head felt queer. The dragging sensation at the nape of my neck was stronger. I staggered a little as I walked off the wharf. For how many aeons would Mary's treachery be repeated in reparation for my murder of the Spanish grandee? As the Donna Isabella she had betrayed me to Morgan. As Mary Logan she had cast me aside for Benjy Harrison. And as surely as we died and were born again she would repeat that treachery unless--unless-- I knew Port Royal as well as anyone, but tonight it seemed strange to my eyes--somehow smaller and older and more cramped. Why this should be I could not tell, unless Hong Fat's cursed, smoke still twisted my senses. I followed the crooked street until I came to the Blue Anchor Inn, a tavern huddled under the lee of the old Spanish fort--the very tavern, too, where Sir Henry Morgan had planned the sack of Panama. The night was warm, the doors wide flung, and I heard half a hundred rollicking voices roaring out that melody by the poet of London town, so popular among the buccaneers: "In frolic dispose your pounds, shil- lings and pence, We'll be damnably mouldy a hundred years hence." Why should they sing that seven- teenth century ballad in the Port Royal of 1920? Controlling, by an effort, the nervous twitch of my muscles, I entered the Blue Anchor. It was not the room itself, hazy with the fumes of tobacco smoke and smell- ing strongly of the native rum, that startled me. It was the men sitting around the tables, pounding the oaken tops with their mugs and flagons, and roaring that old care-free ditty. They were Morgan's men--dingy clothed, scarlet sashed, heavily armed. God of battles! was I mad? There sat Peter Harris, with a black patch over his missing eye; here swaggered Dubose, mustachios bristling, and at the head of the table, Morgan, as savage and ruth- less looking as when he had roamed the Main. That had been before the first King Charles lost his head--and this was 1920! Perhaps I staggered a bit. At any rate, I stood blinking dazedly through the haze. They saw me, raised their flagons and shouted: "Holyoak! Welcome, old scoundrel. We sail to-morrow for the sack of Panama." I had eyes for none of them but Mor- gan. He lay back in his chair, one fist' gripping the pewter mug, his gaze riveted on me. I rested my knuckles on the table, and stared at him as I sought to control the quaver that I knew would sound in my voice. My brain hammered like a kettle-drum. "So 'tis you, is it?" cried the buc- caneer captain. "Old Holyoak, as I live!" "Yes," I said hoarsely. "And what would you have of me, my bold rover?" "Your life," said I, "if I can take it. Are you real--real flesh and blood? If you are, 'fore God, I'll have a knife be- tween your ribs for what you did to me and the Donna Isabella." His voice was dreamy. "Donna Isa- 