56 Told in Glass son isn't used to sudden wealth. I'll dream out a way to separate him from his cush. When I get it I'll buy you the best dinner in town, Lefty." "Like hell!" Blumfeld grunted. Westley smiled and looked at his watch. He stood up and pulled down his waistcoat. He placed seventy-five cents on the table to pay for the liquor he had consumed and fingered his closely shaven chin. "Well, I've got to be moving. Be good to yourself and be leary of the red-necks. I've just got about six min- utes to grab a short." He nodded affably and moved away. Through the front windows of the club Blumfeld saw him stride briskly across the square. The nitro-glycerine expert sat stiffly still. Ten thousand dolars! He hardly knew there was so much money in the world. And it was in the possession of a doddering inventor who lived in a mean cellar! Blumfeld's beady eyes glittered. When he considered the magnitude of the sum he felt dazed. For a long in- terval he sat with expressionless face and staring eyes. After a time he got up. He took a few steps toward the door, returned and picked up the sev- enty-five cents Big Harry Westley had laid on the table. He shoved it into his pocket, deciding he needed it more than the waiter. Slouching out of the club, he de- scended the front steps and stepped on- to the cracked pavement of Christo- pher Square. The late September afternoon was dying in a conflagration of sunset fire. The sky was brazen with raw scarlet, amethyst and silver- and-purple. Lights were winking in the waterfront rigging, a block distant. The river was boisterous with the voice of sirens and the shrill of whistles. The wraith of evening shook out her black draperies that were pinned with stars. Blumfeld turned east. He walked two blocks. He came in sight of the building in the cellar of which Old Man Johnson maintained his shop. He saw the inventor's ancient sign hang- ing from its metal stanchion like a one- legged acrobat. Drawing close to the areaway, Blumfeld leaned over and peered down. Somewhere in the shop below an oil lamp burned. In its un- certain radiance Blumfeld observed the stooped figure of the proprietor. Turning to the iron stairway that led steeply down into the basement, Blumfeld drew his lips back over his teeth and smiled. He descended the steps and opened the front door. He entered and closed it after him. The shop was warm and stuffy with the odor of paint and grease. Blumfeld hardly noticed it. His quick gaze dart- ed to the work-bench over which Old ? Man Johnson hung. He saw the in- ventor was old and feeble. The eyes of the man were blue and faded. His skin was wrinkled like yellow parch- ment. He wore a disreputable old pair of oil-stained trousers, a collarless flannel shirt that exposed his turkey! neck and a pencil-stuffed vest held to- gether by one button. "You got a second hand drive shaft for a Brown and Blue taxi ?" Blumfeld said, as the inventor looked up. Old Man Johnson shook his head. "No, I haven't," he said in a thin husky voice. Blumfeld allowed his gaze to wander about the place. "Got any gears or transmission parts?" The inventor shook his white head again. "No, I don't think I have. All the parts. are piled up in the. corner over there. I'm going out of business, so if you find anything you can use you can have it at your own price." He indicated a heap of metal stacked a 