ADVERTISING Your Face is Your Fortune The world's greatest facial remedy will restore ruined complexions to the beauty and purity of youth. IF YOUR blood is impure, if you have pimples, freckles, wrinkles, black-heads, redness of face or nose, a muddy, sallow skin, or any blemish on or under the skin, you need Dr. JAMES P. CAMPBELL'S SAFE ARSENIC COMPLEXION WAFERS These marvelous beautifiers of the complexion and the skin are wonderfully effective, and are absolutely safe and harm-less. The prescription was first used 36 years ago by Dr. Campbell, and he has made countless thousands of women and men liappy in the possession of a pure, spotless complexion. Mailed in plain cover on receipt of $1.00, from RICHARD FINK CO., Dept. 90, Kens. Stat. Brooklyn, N.Y. Every Druggist can get this remedy for you from his wholesale dealer. WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG We revise poems, write music and guarantee to secure publication by a New York Music Publisher. Our Lyric Editor and Chief Composer is a song-writer of national reputation and has written many big song-hits. Submit poems on any subject We examine them free. BROADWAY STUDIOS 210 Fitzgerald Building Broadway at Times Square New York, N. Y. High School Course in 2 Years You can complete this simplified High School Course at home inside two years. Meets all requirements for entrance to college and the leading professions. This and thirty-six other practical courses are described in our Free Bulletin. Send for it TODAY. AMERICAN SCHOOL Dept. H-9189 Drexel Ave. &amp; 58th St. CHICAGO CREDIT WATCHES GENUINE DIAMONDS! GUARANTEED Prices Cut 33 1/3% CASH OR CREDIT Write for Free Won-derful Bargain Cata-log today. Credit terms fully explained. Amazing money sav-ing prices on Dia-monds. Watches and Jewelry. The "Wellesley" Diamond Ring. Solid 14-K Green Gold band, pierced. White Gold Heart design. $125 Rings Now $83.33 Cash or Credit Proportionate reductions on all other Rings at $75. 5100, $150, $200 and up. LIBERTY BONDS ACCEPTED. Suggestions for Christmas Presents Send for Catalog, make selections, and have all charged in one account. Satisfaction guaranteed or money promptly refunded. Wrist Watches - - $15 up Men's Watches - - $17.50 up Pearl Necklaces, Guaranteed indestructible $7.50 up Signet Rings - - $8 up Diamond Rings - - $25 up Diamond Bar Pins - $35 up Diamond La Vallieres $15 up Diamond Scarf Pins $10 up Diamond Cuff Links $8 up OLD RELIABLE CREDIT JEWELERS Dept. G-182 108 N. State Street, Chicago, Ill. Stores in Leading Cities YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL FACE But Your Nose? IN THIS DAY AND AGE attention to your appearance is an absolute necessity if you expect to make the most out of life. Not only should you wish to appear as attractive as possi-ble for your own self-satisfaction, which is alone well worth your efforts, but you will find the world in general judging you greatly, if not wholly, by your "looks" therefore it pays to "look your best" at all times. Permit no one to see you look-ing otherwise; it will injure your welfare! Upon the impression you constantly make rests the failure or success of your life. Which is to be your ultimate destiny? My new Nose-Shaper "Trados" (Model ... ) corrects ill-shaped noses without operation, quickly, safely and permanently. Is pleasant and does not interfere with one's oc-cupation, being worn at night. Write today for free "booklet, which tells you how to correct ill-shaped noses without cost if not satisfactory. M. TRILETY, Face Specialist 1587 Ackerman Bldg., Binghamton, N.Y. Deafness Perfect hearing is now being re- stored in every condition of deaf- ness or defective hearing from causes such as Catarrhal Deaf- ness, Relaxed or Sunken Drums, Thickened Drums, Roaring and Hissing Sounds, Perforated, Wholly or Partially Destroyed Drums,Discharge from Ears, etc. Wilson Common-Sense Ear Drums "Little Wireless Phones for the Ears" require no medicine but effectively replace what is lacking or defective in the natural ear drums. They are simple devices, which the wearer easily fits into the ears where they are invisible. Soft, safe and comfortable. Write today for our 168 page FREE book on DEAF- NESS, giving you full particulars and testimonials. WILSON EAR DRUM CO., Incorporated 103 Inter-Southern Bldg. LOUISVILLE. KY. SONG WRITERS! Answer the Call of the Dance-Song Craze Learn of the public's demand for songs suitable for danc- ing and the fine opportunities offered new writers as a result of greatly changed conditions which are described fully and obtainable only in our booklet, "Song-writer's Manual and Guide," SENT FREE on request. Submit your ideas for songs to us at once for free criticism and advice. We revise poems, compose music, secure copy- right and facilitate free publication or sale of songs. KNICKERBOCKER STUDIOS 210 Gaiety Bldg., N. Y. In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 