78 The Campaign for Vengeance parlor, which passed over the picture depicting a mountain scene. And Rita had signaled "Blue Diamonds. . . . Look for the silver lining over the hill, in a little front parlor--Dangerous Blues." . . . The Creightons with Rita arrived home from the Bronxville party at two o'clock next morning. The phone was ringing as they entered the house. Creighton answered it. When he joined the two women who were removing their wraps in the sit- ting room, his face was somewhat flushed and he spoke rather shakily. "Geiger was raided at twenty minutes past ten last night," he announced. "Four detectives. They got in by ring- ing his door bell and insisted upon searching his parlor. He figured it was a bluff and let them go to it. They browsed around a bit and then pried away the moulding between the two front windows. Iglano tried to shoot but they flattened him. To make matters worse, Ashley blew in while the search was going on and they nabbed him too!" He turned toward Rita, but his gaze appeared to be con- centrated on the tip of his cigarette. "It--it looks damn queer." "My God!" exploded Judith. "Where'd you get--?" "That was the High Chief himself that had me on the phone." (High Chief was another name for The Mogul.) Judith became enraged. "And while this raid was going on, where in the hell was James?" "James," explained Creighton, "is at headquarters in New York. This raid originated in the police station in Kem Gardens. James knew nothing about it till it was all over." Creighton looked up from his ciga- rette and stared straight at Rita, but though the heart in her threatened to burst, she returned his glance fear- lessly. He shrugged his shoulders. "Well . . . good night ladies. . . ." X Early the next morning, Mr. Harry Creighton attended a meeting held in a small rear room of the Bird's-Eye dance hall. Some ten men were present, in- cluding a white-haired gentleman who appeared to be in command. The dis- cussion lasted an hour and was, at times, rather acrimonious. The gist of what transpired is evident from what Creighton said to his wife Judith when he got back to his home again. "Sergeant Nevins handled the raid," explained. Creighton. , "There was a squeal somewhere, that's a cinch, but James, at headquarters, hasn't learned yet where Nevins got his tip. That Nevins, by the way, is a wise bird. He's keeping his mouth shut." "What about Rita?" asked Judith. "Yost, Harker and Wortz were for conferring upon her the order of the wooden kimono. Wortz doesn't like her anyhow--she snubs him--and he offered personally to wring her neck. But the High Chief isn't satisfied she's the nigger in the woodshed--and damned if I can see how she could have squealed. She didn't know the gems were in Geiger's house till after she got there, and she certainly didn't signal from the place--not while I was conscious." "What's the word?" "James will keep an eye on Nevins for us. We'll try to run the mystery down from that end. Meanwhile, Rita is to have an absolutely loose rein. She's come across with the goods for us several times and she's to be trusted unqualifiedly. The Mogul figures that if she is against us, the quickest way to find it out, is to give her enough rope to hang herself . . ." 