38 Murder in Haste ment's famous camera-eye men. No1 disguise had as yet fooled him. He was able to penetrate almost immediately any artificial changes of appearance. He had never met the missing Lesser personally, but he had, of course, seen the pic- tures which had been published in the papers. His first glance had convinced him that the man who- was running a dental office on Forty-eighth Street under the name of Dr. Ferry was the man who had disappeared under the name of Lesser. And this in spite of the fact that Dr. Perry's appearance differed from Mr. Lesser's in several important respects. Lesser, to judge by his picture and the descriptions of him, was a man about five feet six in height, normal weight, clean shaven, light complected, with a thick crop of blond hair. This description corresponded with Dr. Perry's in only one respect, the height. Dr. Perry was stout and at least thirty pounds above normal weight. He had a black mustache and goatee and was dark complected. Further, the hair on his head consisted only of a black fringe, which ran around his temples and the back of his neck. Under the circumstances, it was not strange that Detective Carr's conviction was a bit shaken and that he decided to keep his suspicions to himself until he had made a thorough investigation on his own account. Neither of Mr. Kirven's heirs had ever seen the missing Lesser. However, the detective dug up two Kirven &amp; Lesser employees and two of the firm's clients who had met Lesser personally a number of times. One of these men agreed to go up to Dr. Perry's office and have his teeth cleaned. The other three were posted by the detective at different times in the restaurant where the doctor took his lunch. Three of the men were positive that Mr. Lesser and Dr. Perry were not the same person. The fourth said: "Well, the shape of his head is a little like Lesser's, but you couldn't get me to swear in court that they were the same person. No sir, not me." Detective Carr then tried to get at the mystery from a different angle. He looked into Dr. Perry's past history. He discovered that Dr. Raymond K. Perry had graduated from the Horn Dental College in New York in 1914. The doctor, in accordance with the State law, had renewed his license every year. All of which was perfectly regular. But--the doctor had rented his office on Forty-eighth Street ten months ago --or at just about the time that Mr. Lesser disappeared--and Detective Carr could find no record of his having prac- tised his profession any time before that. Further, the records in the city bureau of taxes disclosed that Dr. Ray- mond K. Perry owned real estate to the value of one hundred and forty thou- sand dollars on East One Hundred and Fifty-seventh Street and that the prop- erty had been purchased at about the same time the doctor opened his dental office. Dr. Perry lived on Claremont Ave- nue. No one at his address could shed the faintest light on his past career. He had rented the apartment ten months ago and had always been prompt in the payment of his rent. He never had visi- tors. When he rented the apartment he had remarked that he was living in Yonkers, but desired to live in the city in order to be closer to his office. The detective consulted the city direc- tories and the telephone books for the last seven years. He examined the mem- bership lists of all the city and State dental societies. He telegraphed the national organization. He visited all the dental supply houses and manufacturers of dental instruments. The investiga- tion yielded the name of Raymond K. 