42 Murder in Haste of strychnine and rammed it into the root canal. Strychnine acts rather rap- idly, especially when it may be absorbed easily into the blood. The dentist was consequently in somewhat of a hurry when he put in the amalgum. He was a trifle nervous and anxious; cold- blooded murderers exist for the most part only in fiction. He managed, however, to get the detective out of the office alive, and when that was accomplished most of his worries were over. For there seemed to be not the slightest chance that the murder could be proved against him. There would indeed be no way of prov- ing that it was murder and not even the most careful autopsy would be likely to probe into the cavities of Detective Carr's teeth. The X-ray pictures which Dr. Perry had taken of Detective Carr's mouth showed that the apex of the root of the molar in question extended into the antrum, which is a "pocket" extending from the nasal cavity into the bone. This is not at all an unusual condition. Dr. Perry knew that the strychnine would be absorbed into the blood by way of the antrum. Death would then be a matter of minutes. Under normal conditions it would take several hours for the action to start. By then the detective would no longer be near the dental office and the chances were that even if he lived long enough to give in- formation, he would not associate the tooth filling with the poison. The next morning's papers,, perhaps, would have the news of the detective's death. It looked safe--absolutely safe. IV As Dr. Perry expected, the next morning's papers contained the news of Detective Carr's strange death, and ac- cording to the accounts, headquarters was at a loss to explain the mystery. It was difficult to reconcile the known facts with either a murder or a suicide theory. The doctor smiled as he read the reports; they were very satisfying to him. He had been in his office about an hour when three men, who introduced themselves as Detective Sergeant Elm, Detective Mosher and Medical Ex- aminer Richards called on him. "From one of Detective Carr's friends we learned that you have been treating Carr's teeth," said Detective Sergeant Elm. "Was Carr in here yes- terday for an appointment?" Dr. Perry, afraid that a trap was being laid for him and that he would betray himself by lying, was slow to reply. "Why--I'm not sure--that is he may have been--I'll have to consult my records." "Never mind. The point is you have been treating Detective Carr. And in! that case it is extremely unlikely that Carr was receiving treatment from an- other dentist also." Then after a pause: "Do you know that Detective Carr died yesterday from strychnine poison- ing?" "No. Well, I did read something in the papers--" "It was very mystifying--at first," interrupted Detective Sergeant Elm. "A most careful chemical analysis discov- ered no strychnine in the stomach. However, we found the strychnine. Does that interest you ?" The dentist flushed. "It evidently does," said Elm. "You're a mighty clever man, Dr. Perry. How- ever, you overlooked the fact that strychnine poisoning causes convulsions. You made a mighty sloppy job of filling Carr's upper molar. Murder in haste and repent at leisure; that will be a good proverb for you to remember. During Carr's fit of convulsions the amalgum filling was jarred loose and fell out of 