Exterior to the Evidence (A Detective Novel in Five Parts.) By J. S. Fletcher (Author of "The Middle Temple Murder," Etc., Etc.) PART V SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS SIR CHEVILLE is found dead at the foot of a precipice from which he was apparently hurled. Etherton, a manufacturer, who owed Cheville money, and Mrs. Stanbury, his sister-in-law, who opposed his approaching marriage to a governess because it threatened her son's inheritance, were seen near the scene of the crime by Pike, Etherton's secretary, who tries to use his information to force Letty, Etherton's daughter, to marry him. She is secretly engaged to Marston Stanbury, Cheville's heir, and scorns the clerk's advances. Two documents bearing on the motive of the murder are missing, one from the dead baronet's pocket, is the plan of Etherton's valuable invention, and the other is a will executed on the day of Sir Cheville's death in which he bequeathes 100,000 pounds to his fiancee and the rest of his estate to Marston. Marston's growing suspicion of Birch, Sir Cheville's lawyer and a former lover of the governess, is strengthened by the re-port of a moor ranger who saw the couple many times late at night on the moor, and on the night of the murder in particular. Pike overhears this conversation and pretending to have been an eye witness, demands 5,000 pounds of Birch for his silence. Birch, frightened, complies, but Pike who plans to hasten to America is seen entering a steamship office and is detained by the police who suspect him. He pretends to make a full confession, which implicates Birch. Meanwhile, the lost will is found in Sir Cheville's locker. The police go after Birch, who is found with the governess. She frankly confesses they were lovers and had met on the night of the murder for a last good-bye. She further tells of leaving her lover and on her homeward way of passing two men, wearing black masks, coming from the direction of the precipice! CHAPTER XXII The Secret WHILE Sindal became greatly excited on seeing Bradwell Pike enter Birch's office that afternoon, and Marston showed a certain amount of curiosity, Weathershaw manifested no interest whatever. He glanced carelessly out of the window when Sindal pointed across the street, and then remarking, almost indifferently, that he must be attending to his own affairs, went off. The first thing he did was to turn into a hotel and borrow a directory; out of this he copied in his note-book the names cf certain tradesmen in Hallithwaite, some eight or nine in all, and that done he proceeded to call on one after an- other with the clockwork precision of a commercial traveller. It was not until he called on almost the last man on his list that he got what he wanted: with this man he was closeted for some time, and when he left him he had to race to the station to meet the express due at six o'clock from Manchester. It came 55 