Two Bells 103 flung himself at the mulatto's throat. Together they went tO the deck, rolling upon the moist timbers. As Cardigan stooped to separate them the mulatto freed himself by a sudden wrench and gained his feet, dashing along the deck toward the forward companion. The first mate started in pursuit, but halted as his eyes fell upon a belaying pin that lay upon the deck not many feet away. Hastily arming himself with this formidable missile, he sent it spinning through the air after the flee- ing figure. It caUght the negro in the back of the skull; knocked him flat up- on the deck planks. Cardigan, followed by several of the crew, reached his side. "He's out for some time," reported the first mate, bending over him. "Two of you lads carry him below and lock him up-- But wait!" He ran one hand into the rear pocket of the mulatto's trousers, producing a black leather wallet. Opening it he withdrew a wad of bills, which he swiftly counted and returned to the wallet. He smiled grimly. "All right, men; below with him." III. In the very midst of a dream The Boy was shot into consciousness. For a moment he could not remember where he was. He seemed to be caught in the teeth of a monster that shook him horribly, mercilessly. Half-remember- ed objects separated themselves from the chaos and he heard a distant voice pronouncing his name. Yet for some inexplicable reason he was unable to reply. Gradually he extracted himself from the teeth of the monster; gradually ob- jects settled into their regular places. Above him was. a familiar face. As he recognized it sleep dropped from him as though severed by a blade. "Get up," he heard Cardigan say, while he shook him vigorously. The Boy lurched to-his feet. As he brushed one hand across his lips he in- haled his breath, an odor that sickened him. Invisible hands seemed to jerk aside a drowsy fabric, revealing in their biting sharpness the incidents before his drunken sleep. His soul shrank, dwindled with fear. Black Michael's body had been found and the mate had come to accuse him-- But how did he find out ? The only incriminating evidence, the knife, had been thrown into the sea. . . . "I thought you promised me never to do this again," reproved Cardigan. "But we'll discuss that later. Come with me." The Boy was dreadfully afraid. The blood pounded in his temples, beat so loudly that it seemed to boom out his guilt. God! How could he meet Car- digan's honest gaze---knowing in his heart that he had wielded the knife that finished Black Michael? In some manner--he knew not how 'r-he forced himself to follow the mate along the passage amidships and when they reached the cabin his fear in- creased to a panic as he perceived that Cardigan was making directly for Black Michael's quarters. He stood with a rapidly pounding heart behind the mate while he inserted a key in the lock and turned it. Within, the slush-lamp, turned low, threw quivering shadows upon the walls. The air was warm and unpleas- antly heavy with the smell of stale rum. And there in the bunk it lay, covered with a sheet--The Thing. Cardigan closed the door and turned the lamp higher. Mercy of God, thought The Boy, was he going to draw aside that sheet and . . . "Boy," commenced the man, halting 