104 The Man Who Would Not Die world; newspapers never passed his doorway. When the inspector completed his tale, The Master turned in his tracks and, placing his hands on the big man's shoulders, said in a voice that quivered with emotion: "Dear friend, you have rendered the cause a greater favor than you realize by bringing your problem to me. For Lessman, in his egotism, has at last un- masked himself. Now we can fight him in the open. But I forget that you do not understand. Sit here on this bench with me and let me explain. "Professor Darius Lessman is, without a doubt, the greatest intellect this or any other century has pro- duced. He was employed at one time as teacher of psychology in a small, in- land college. His great ability soon brought him to the attention of The Holy Men to whose cause we are all devoted. You know the lengths to which they will go to further the spreading of the great work. They sought him out. He became the favor- ite pupil of one in whose footsteps even I am not fitted to walk. He was tried in various ways and found not want- ing. He was taught all--everything. His wonderful brain grasped in a few years that which others have spent a lifetime in learning. So proficient did he become that plans were made to send him across the waters for final in- struction from those, the hem of whose garments you and I may never hope to touch. "The Creator of all things never in- tended that a man should have the brain that was bestowed upon Darius Lessman The man is an anomaly. The devil must have liad a hand in his making and, when his training was completed, took him for his own. For Lessman, crazed by the power he found was within him, conceived the idea of living forever. He believed that he was greater than the God who created him. "For months he practised in secret, attempting to transfer his soul from one human body to another at the com- mand of his will. Failing, he sought his old Master, told him his secret and begged him for help. When the Mas- ter turned upon him in horror and loathing, he killed the good old man to protect his own devilish secret. "Then he fled with a woman he had captivated xby means of his diabolical wiles--a pure girl named Meta Va- netta, who, too, had been an humble pupil of the murdered Master. She be- came Lessman's tool--his accomplice. "Together, they worked out Less- man's plans in some secret place, spreading death and destruction wher- ever they went in order to gain the hu- man clay with which to work. We have followed them, tracking them from country to country, yet seldom daring to strike because of our knowledge that he was our superior. For Lessman is a monster--a man who laughs at death. And none has been found strong enough to kill his twisted soul. The cell was never made that could hold him. For he has but to discard his body and seize upon that of another. Many men of our faith have met him. He has killed them all by the power of his will. "The brain has not been made that can match his'in a duel of wills. Even I am fearful of him--and I am backed by the united intelligence of the Holy Men who are with me in spirit night and day. His is a mind gone wild-- amuck, as you would say in the vernacu- lar. For years I have prepared myself for the meeting. Am I fitted for the ordeal ? "I tell you, my friend, the time has come. Lessman must die! We must kill him for the sake of humanity! Not as one man kills another. We must 