The Summons 33 shade and his eyes were fixed on the youth. The surgeon observed the youth once more. Slowly Edward Carrington's hands lowered from his face. Slowly he rose and turned. His eyes were clear. His features were firm. And he came for- ward with decision in his whole bear- ing. "Mr. Dodd," he said in a slow, level voice, pausing before his father's friend, "that bell was for me." IV Dr. Stockbridge's eyes grew wide with amazement at this simple avowal. But Madison Dodd's expression did not change. "Well?" he prompted calmly, his fin- gers still toying with the window-shade cord. "I have been fighting it out with my- self," said young Carrington, "all morn- ing, ever since father--" He paused, and his lips were unsteady. "You know how unhappy he was over me, my fail- ure to live up to his name. And he died feeling that he had failed to redeem me. But all morning I have felt his near- ness. And when I came in here and they told me--when I heard the bell and saw the call from his room--I knew. The call was for me. I under- stood what he wanted me to do. I obey." He came forward a step .and his hand went to his breast pocket. When it came forth, it held a long envelope. "This is it," he said, handing the en- velope to Dodd. "It is father's will. It leaves me without a penny, as he said it would. I have deserved nothing bet- ter." The shade flew up with a bang as Madison Dodd released the cord and ex- tended his hand for the envelope, heav- ily sealed, and addressed to him. Slow- ly he put his gold-rimmed pince-nez to his nose and then he thrust his finger under the flap of the envelope to tear it open. But he paused and looked up as he heard a low murmur in the outer office. Dr. Stockbridge looked up too. Nurses and internes were whispering excitedly to each other, their eyes on the clock. The surgeon followed their glance, and then he understood the meaning of their agitation. The minute hand was pointing to the half-hour. The bell should have rung, as it had rung every ten minutes all morning with un- failing precision. It had not rung. The hushed excitement of the uniformed men and women grew in intensity as a minute passed and still the bell was not heard. Two minutes.passed. Three minutes. . . . Dr. Stockbridge turned to Madison Dodd. Carrington's friend stood near the window, a sheaf of legal papers, evidently the will, in one hand, a type- written sheet in the other. He was reading this, and he looked up as the surgeon came toward him. He waved his arm in the direction of the outer office. "Send them away, doctor," he said quietly. "Carrington's summons has been answered." One by one the nurses and internes filed out of the office in obedience to Dr. Stockbridge's gesture of dismissal. When they were gone, the surgeon re~ turned to the side of Madison Dodd. "You'll understand when I read this," said Dodd. He adjusted his glasses and brought the typewritten sheet closer. "This is my last test for Ed," he read. "If he gives this envelope to you, as I instructed him, then my original will stands as it is, leaving all to him. When I gave my boy this envelope, I told him it contained a new will, disowning him and leaving him without a penny. If he has enough manhood to give this to you, then I shall know that he has repented and that he has the courage to take his punishment manfully. In that case, he B. M.--Aug.--3 