A Track-and-a-Half 101 "Evans, by -," he shouted and fired a futile shot through the opening. Harbin, waiting for no explanations, dashed for the street, but Harrison kept his head and held to the girl. "Don't be a fool, Kelso," he ordered. "Evans hasn't been sprung this quick. It's some other guy in the gang. Get up there after him." Whoever it was apparently knew the block better than the detectives, because they did not find him on the roof or in the streets roundabout. From the girl they could get nothing but malicious chuckles, and after a half hour spent in tearing the room to pieces, despite the angry protests of the landlady, the three summoned a patrol wagon and locked up June Jennings in a cell at Headquarters. Disgruntled as they were, they had at least one satisfaction. They had traced two pieces of the loot to Bill Evans's room. As for the revolver, June Jennings readily admitted purchasing it, when confronted with the dealer. "Sure, I bought it," she says. "Bought it for protection against guys that grab a girl's presents of jewelry. You didn't find it on me, did you? Is there a law against buying a gun in another state ?" IV Somewhat shamefacedly, the three detectives glared at one another after this job was over. Apparently even though they had easily rounded up the men in the case, they still had the women to contend with. "You know, boys, Jim Anthony's Nell has got a pretty nasty temper," said Kelso, by way of contributing to the general gloom. "Yes," said Harrison, "and then there's that Miss Garrison. She ain't telling a story that's any straighter than a hound's hind leg." "What do you mean?" said Harbin. "Why, she told me three different stories in as many minutes this mornng about where she was when the robbery was pulled." "Excitement--reaction from excite- ment," explained Harbin in his best manner. "Excitement my eye," came the dis- couraging answer. "There's a pair of men's rubbers in the hall with last night's mud on them that won't fit Schmidt and won't fit Old Man Gar- rison either. I suppose excitement put them there. No visitors at the house, they say. Now what do you make of that ?" To avoid a direct reply, Harbin turned to Kelso. "What's Nell An- thony up to?" he demanded. "Well, you know, I went out to trace those cobbled shoes," Kelso explained. "I did, all right. They're Jimmy An- thony's. No doubt about it. That's admitted. Didn't have time to tell you before. But guess where I found 'em." Neither Harbin nor Harrison was in a mood to try. "I found them in the cobbler's shop where Anthony left them a week ago. But they've got mud on the new soles and it's the same mud that's in Garri- son's flowerbeds. Now, how the hell and why the hell did they get back there ? "More than that, Jim's wife and all the neighbors will swear on the original text of the Bible that Jim was in bed all night. And besides that Mrs. Jim has gone out on the trail herself and offered to bet me her savings bank account that we're dead wrong on the whole propo- sition. Now, what do you make of that ?" They did not have much time to speculate over what to make of it, as they journeyed down to Headquarters. Pacing up and down in front of the building they found Jim Anthony's 