The Mystery of the One-Legged Man By J. B. Hawley I NEWSPAPER readers will re- call the series of brutal and seemingly senseless murders that occurred in England and were attributed to a criminal whom some clever wrriter dubbed Peg-Leg because after each of his appearances he left conclusive evidence in the form of- footprints that he was minus his right leg and wore in its place an old-fashioned wooden affair end- ing in a round steel ferrule. I have said that these murders were seemingly senseless affairs, and that must have been the opinion of every- one who considered that they were committed without any apparent mo- tive. From none of his victims was anything stolen and in the history of their lives there were no passages to denote the existence of an enemy who might kill in a spirit of revenge for a real or fancied grievance. The first of these horrible crimes occurred in York. The victim was a certain John Elder, manufacturer of buttons, a highly respectable citizen. On the night of his death, Elder had retired to his study to write some letters. As the evening was warm he had opened the French win- dow, and according to the testimony of his butler who was the last of his household to see him alive, had dragged forward a small table and placed it just in the window's open- ing. He had seated himself beside this table and begun to write when the servant left the room. At about eleven o'clock this same servant had heard a cry coming from the study. He had hurried to see if anything were wrong with his mas- ter and had found him lying beside the table with a knife wound gaping in his chest. Outside -the French window, the police had found unmis- takable footprints of a one-legged man. These they followed across the lawn until they came to the road where they became blurred and finally lost in the medley of other prints on this much-traveled thor- oughfare. Of course the detectives rounded up every one-legged man in York and questioned them closely. But all had unquestionable alibis, and as the police were unable to discover or in- vent a means of tracing the criminal, they eventually dropped the case. Peg-Leg's second victim was a lit- tle higher on the social scale. No lover of English sport will ever for- get the name of Sir Roger Bascom. Nor will the many unfortunate souls whom he helped in their need be more backward in cherishing his memory. As in the case of John El- der, Bascom was killed between the hours of eleven and midnight. And on the grounds of his estate in Sus- sex were found another series of the B. M.--Dec.--4 49 