74 The Campaign for Vengeance interference with her plans; but a little thing like honor is of no moment to a gentleman who happens to be in love and who thinks his fair lady is in danger. So the dishonorable Mr. Nevins tried to track his wandering girl to her lair, in which fell purpose he had no luck at all till he heard, through police channels, that a Miss Rita Daly had been ques- tioned in connection with the disappear- ance of one J. Stanley Bradshaw. Nevins had her watched by a friend on the department, and it was his lover- luck that said friend was busy spying on the day Rudie Breen took Rita to the Creighton home. The Creightons, it may be said, had 110 standing at headquarters; they had never been finger-printed or mugged, no one on the cops knew anything about them. Proving again that a fellow can be a good crook without help from the police. But Nevins decided, in view of Rita's avowed and terrible intentions, that the Creightons must be phoney in some respect or otherwise Rita wouldn't be living with them. To shadow the Creighton home was next to impossible; however Nevins did pass through their block in a taxi every evening at about seven-thirty. After two weeks, his persistence was repaid. The Creightons, with Rita, came out of their home, got into their car and headed downtown. Nevins, in the taxi, followed. The two cars crossed the Queens- borough Bridge and drove into the pretty Long Island suburb of Kew Gardens. Creighton's car finally stopped before a beautiful, many-gabled house on Willow Avenue. A few minutes later, Nevins' taxi sped past. Some fifteen minutes later, Mr. Franklin, of 117 Willow Avenue, re- ceived a phone call from his friend, Captain Webb, of the Kew Gardens Police Station. Captain Webb wanted to know whether Mr. Franklin objected to having a pleasant young man sit on his porch or in his library for about an hour or so that night. Mr. Franklin said: "Sure, let Mr. Nevins come. No; I don't know much about Geiger. I think he's in the jewelry business. But I don't like him--he's too noisy." So it came about that Rita Daly, sit- ting at an open window in the parlor of Geiger's home at 120 Willow Avenue, was startled to see a good-looking young man whom she recognized at once, walk into the gateway of the Franklin house across the street. There was a light in the Geiger parlor, so that Rita, framed by the window, was clearly visible. The young man paused momentarily under the arc-lamp before the Franklin house; he looked up at Rita and instinctively began to tip his hat. While in this process, he undoubtedly recalled that he was a "stranger" to her; therefore, after his hat was raised, he scratched the top of his head and then walked on into the house. A few minutes later, a light was turned on in the library of the Franklin home. The library was on the first floor front. Although the shade was drawn, there was a shadow upon it; a man sat near the window. His pompadour be- trayed his identity. Our heroine frowned. So . . . that's the kind of a gentleman Mr. Nevins was, eh ? That was his idea of honor-- to swear by all the alphabet not to butt into her business and then to chase her all the way to Kew Gardens and shadow her from a house across the street. It was while Rita was trying to decide whether to cut Mr. Nevins dead for ever and aye, or to waylay him and give him an earful, that she heard Harry Creigh- ton asking, "How much to you expect to get for the stuff, George?" "Thirty-five thousand, anyway," re- plied Geiger. 