Blueberry Pie 11 used to call for her in his neat little car, after work. The last half hour in the store she would spend surrep- titiously arranging- her hair, powder- ing her face, applying her lip stick, though she didn't make up a great deal, those days. At twenty-one one doesn't need artifices. Then they'd go to funny little restaurants Den- nison knew about, Italian places where you'd get awfully good things, little French places, a Swiss restau- rant uptown.- Sometimes, Dennison would take her home, then, if you can call a rooming house home. Sometimes, they'd go to the theatre. Then, Dennison had an accident with the car and sold it. After a few weeks there would creep into his talk the desire to be with her when no one was around, his want to "have her to himself." "How can I talk to you," he'd say, "in a movie theatre or in restaurants or parks. Am I never to have a min- ute of you to' myself?" It seemed not. Then he suggested his apartment. Until then, it seemed, Dennison had shared an apartment with another chap. Now the other man had left New York. "You'd feel more at home up there," Dennison had told her. He'd beg her to come up, fix him a cup of tea, be comfortable, where he could hold her hand if he felt like it. She had hesitated--she had been a simple little thing, then. She had gone, of course. They would get din- ner, together, after that, bringing in a hot roasted chicken and crisp fried potatoes from a rotisserie and pre- paring a salad, themselves. Dennison could make a couple of salad dress- ings. They would buy French pas- try and make coffee. Evenings were happy, though always over them hung the fact that Irene had to hurry away, had to be up early the next morning, was afraid of kisses that frightened her. "Why do1 you want to go?" Den- nison would ask. "You know I love you. Can't you let me take care of you? I hate to think that my girl has got to go to a horrid little room, when she could stay here with me, instead. I don't want my girl to work all day. That was it--his girl. She had cared for him. She knew that. With his arms around her, the soft lamps, the pot of hot coffee, the occa- sional cocktail, it hadn't been easy to go. One night it began to rain. She could have got a taxi, of course. She had gone home in taxis, other nights. But Dennison's arms were around her, his lips pressed to hers. She was comfortably drowsy and awfully happy and young. The next day she went back to her room, packed the square trunk, told her landlady she was going to share an apartment with another girl. She gave up her position at McNally's. Two years ago. . . . Dennison had been all she had dreamed he would be, that first year, tender, affectionate, thoughtful. Then little things began to creep in ... he would object to thing-s she'd say, to the way she laughed. He corrected errors of speech rather impatiently. But even then, he was good. It wasn't until this last year that he didn't come home, every evening. He took a room at his club. It was lonely, then. If she had been an- other girl--another sort--Irene felt she might have gone with other men. She didn't. She stayed in the apart- ment, waited. Dennison was no longer thoughtful nor affectionate. He found fault, didn't like the way she did things. She tried hard to arrange the table daintily, pored over 