4 The Man in the Black Mask ago, as I understand it, warning you of what to expect. Three days ago you received a second communication de- manding the sum of fifty thousand dol- lars, payment to be made in a manner to be designated later. If you agreed, you were to run up a small, white flag on the flag pole. If not, the factory was to be slightly damaged as a proof that he is able to carry out his threats. Am I right so far?" The gray-haired president nodded. "I take it that you have all racked your brains thinking of some one who has been injured--or fancied himself injured--in the past. That you were unsuccessful is self-evident, for you have mentioned no such person. That practically eliminates covering that part of the field again. Not having raised the white flag, your mysterious enemy sends you the letter you have just read. Have there been any other communi- cations ?" Grimes snorted. "Letters! Com- munications! My God! I've been bombarded with them. This one came by mail. When I awoke this morning I found one on my dresser. I find them in my coat pockets and pinned to the door of my room; All along the same line, but shorter. All typewrit- ten." I raised my eyebrows inquiringly. "It looks like collusion on the part of some one in your own home, if you will pardon the insinuation. Have you questioned your servants?" The little president motioned towards the big man in uniform at the foot of the table. "Chief Backus has had them both on the carpet," he responded. The policeman spoke for the first time. "It beats me," he rumbled. "The cook's been with him ever since Mrs. Grimes died--twelve years ago. The chauffeur and man of all work entered his service five years ago. I took no chances, though, and gave 'em both the third degree. I'd gamble my life on it that neither of them knows a thing about the thing. "The only other member of the household is Mrs. Casey, Mr. Grime's sister--and she's a semi-invalid. Of course there's Miss Joan, his niece--but one might as well suspect Grimes, him- self, as a kid like her. Crank or no crank, Mr. Larson, the man who wrote those letters is a smooth proposition or he couldn't have planted them as he did, right under the noses of everybody. Take my advice and do as I do--suspect everybo'dy." Having thus delivered himself, he settled back in his chair and puffed with noisy energy at his cigar. Innis laughed good-humoredly. "The chief really takes the matter se- riously, too," he declared. "He's even stationed men around the factory en- trances to keep the crowd back at the noon hour, and he's placed a man at the foot of the ladder leading up to the tower, to keep anyone from getting up there and planting explosives." "Taking no chances," growled Backus. "No chance of explosives being al- ready placed in the tower, is there?" I inquired. "I mean a bomb of some kind that could be set off by electricity?" "I've gone over it with a fine tooth comb." . Slocum snarled like an angry terrior. In fact, he reminded me for all the world of a white-haired, snapping, little spitz. "I'll tell you it's foolishness to pay any more attention to these commu- nications! All foolishness, I say] Let's get down to business. Grimes has allowed the thing to get on his nerves. He forgets that he, like myself, is get- ting along towards his dotage. Ten years ago he would have thrown them into the waste basket. I'll not vote to 