24 The Phantom Check viction. "I dropped round to take you to lunch." "I'm not eating lunch, today," Cheever assured him dryly. "All I want is a drink of water." "There's a drinking fountain back in the cloakroom yonder," and Wines jerked a thumb toward an arched door- way in the rear of the bank. "But how's this? Do detectives subsist solely on smoke ?" "When I'm on a job, I'm on the job," Cheever answered sententiously. Now he drew a bunch of keys from his pocket, found a skeleton that fitted the door, locked it nonchalantly, and sauntered along to the cloakroom whistling a med- ley of popular airs. The President watched him in undisguised wonder till he passed out of sight, if not of sound. In a few minutes he was back and, re-entering the room, closed the door be- hind him. Quite mechanically his eye swept the table with its long lines of checks, then paused abruptly in its rov- ing contemplation. One of the spaces was empty! It was the first check in the seventh line, a check for five hundred dollars he remembered, though the name of the maker eluded him. An odd name though, and one he would know if he chanced to glimpse it again. The door was locked when he returned after his brief absence. How, then, had it been removed? Then it occurred to him that it had probably been blown from the table by the draft caused by opening the door, but a careful search failed to bring it to light. Cheever stood up and considered the perplexing problem. After a moment he began to try the windows in turn, to at last discover that one opening out on the President's office was unlocked, though closed. Without doubt a person could have entered the room by that window. And now as he stood there lost in this most amazing mystery, his glance wan- dered again to the empty space and lingered there. A bit of ash was visible, as if flicked from the tip of a cigarette, a pale thin drift, and yet visible on the mahogany background. With a heavy glass he studied it long and carefully, finally testing it gingerly with a wet finger-tip. Then with a puzzled frown he swept this bit of evidence into an envelope and stowed it away in an inside pocket. The bank closed at noon on Satur- days, and now Cheever, gathering up the checks, stepped out into the corridor and halted back of cage number one. Hackett was struggling with his figures, and now he turned about at the sound of the detective's footsteps, showing a pale, twitching countenance, the face of a man well gone on the road to a ner- vous collapse. "Mr. Hackett," said Cheever, "you'll be short again." "Again?" the teller stuttered. "Yes, again, five hundred at least." Hackett buried his face in his trem- bling hands. "Is tha^: all you can tell me?" he moaned bitterly. "Well, not all perhaps--" But before the detective could finish he was inter- rupted by President Wines who had appeared unnoticed along the corridor. "What's that you were saying, Mr. Cheever?" he broke in impulsively. "Do we stand another loss ?" "Only five hundred this time," Cheever assured him coolly. "You're getting ofTTucky today." "Lucky?" came the explosive reply. "Yes, it might have been five thou- sand instead of five hundred." "You don't seem very badly cut up over it," Wines remarked pointedly. "We could have determined that fact without bringing you clear from Chicago to tell us." "Mr. Wines," Cheever said coldly, 