Two Bells 105 Some one else had sought to end Black Michael. Who was the owner of ihis other hand that had driven a blade into the skipper's breast ? And which of the two had accomplished his purpose, he or the unknown person ? In his agony he prayed that it was the other, for though a short while ago The White Lotus had seemed a lamp that lighted the way to this ghastly ac- tion, he now saw, with the cold clear- ness of returned sanity, that with blood upon his soul he was severed from even spiritual companionship with this pal- lid leper-child who had impressed her- sdlf so deeply upon his memory. But how cduld he ever find out? It all seemed very hopeless. As he neared the fo'castle he saw a vertical stifip of yellow light cleaving the dark passage from the bulkhead door. Voices within were murmuring in hushed conversation. He was almost in the opening when a sentence, flung against his ears with the sting of a whip, cemented him to the spot: "I only struck once, I tell you, once--yet there are two wounds. ..." Those words, spoken in a voice that was lowered to a tone just above a whisper, yet strangely familiar, brought forth his breath in a gasp. He crept nearer the source of light; peered within. The slush-lamp was turned low, cast- ing flickering shadows as it swung with the motion of the brig. Five of the bunks were vacant; the sixth, near an- other bulkhead-door, opposite The Boy, was occoupied. Moncrief, the Creole, sat on the edge of the bunk, a cigarette between his thin, moist lips, and at his side, face arid shoulders hidden by the boatswain's slender body, was another man. That bunk was used by the Chinese cook, The Boy knew, yet the one who lay there was not the Oriental. They were talking again. "By gar, eet ees ghastly, m'sieur," commented Moncrief. "Yes--a ghastly failure," spat out the other. "'Poleon"--a note of in- tensity came into the voice--"I see but one thing to do now. By four in the morning we shpuld be near the coral reefs--they're just a mile off course. Wajo, the Polynesian, will be at the wheel; we can overpower him-" "Sacre dam, m'sieur!" broke in the boatswain. "Do zat--zat?" "Why not? To reach Tahiti means investigation by the authorities. If the brig goes down she carries all evidence with her. We can escape in the long- boat; islands are numerous along here-" "But, m'sieur, ze knife of ze firs' mate zat you lef' in ze-" "God knows what became of it! When he found the body he must have hidden the damned thirig---and if I knew where . . . But no; I'm afraid to try it now. The Second wound is what has scared me off; it's a sign to warn Us." Then he swore a volley of oaths so vile that they burned The Boy's ears. "With the captain killed," went on the voice, after a moment7 "and the first mate disposed of by the incrimi- nating evidence, we could have easily bought the crew over to us. With me in command we could have gone straight to Melbourne for the cargo of rum. McAllister would have paid well when we delivered it to him at Hiva-oa, for when his cursed natives have plenty of rum they do more work--and since the French government has restricted the-- Oh, well, what's the use to talk of it? You got the best of the deal; I had the dirty work of killing the swine. It was too big an undertaking for two men to try----" "But, m'sieur-" 