50 The Georgetown Mystery furniture and rugs and curtains galore in her apartment," Mercer reported. "Limpin' Lizzie certainly has not been loafin'. Now, have you, E-liz-a-beth ?" He turned to the girl with mock se- riousness. E-liz-a-beth was indignant. Her re- spectability was outraged. "I have not been doing anything of the sort," she answered hotly. "And you know I have not. You know you haven't got a thing on me. I've been bothering no one fop--oh, well, for a long time." The chief laughed. So did the two detectives. "Where'd you get all those swell rags you're wearing?" Burke demand- ed. "Why, I got an inheritance about nine months ago," she declared. "That's good," Mercer roared. "You're there, Lizzie. Who was he and how did you work it ?" "You nut!" the girl cried, in sincere anger. "You nut! Let me go! I haven't done anything to be hauled in here for." She was talking loudly, in righteous indignation, and not in the suave, swteet way that had been hers when she had had dealings with the police on previous occasions, f Dorgan was attracted by her out- burst and came and stood in the door- way of Burke's office. He listened to her appeals. "What's the matter, Lizzie ?" he finally interrupted. "Your friends here are trying to get me to admit I've been picking pockets lately, and it's not so. They won't be- lieve me when I tell them that I inher- ited some money recently. I have a letter to prove it." She drew herself up defiantly. "Well, where's'the letter?" the chief wanted to know. "I have it all right. It's out at the flat." "Take her out there, Dorgan, and see if she's telling the truth. I guess you will be able to tell. Use your discre- tion. I have another assignment for Mercer and Kelly." Dorgan and the girl walked out. On the way to the elevated station Jim no- ticed that she did not limp as she had the last time he had seen her and got her out of an affair in which he believed she really had been falsely accused. "What's happened, anyway?" he in- quired. "An operation, Mr. Dorgan," she said, assuming an air of importance. "I'm somebody now. I could afford an operation. Doctor took a bone from my foot." ' She stopped and held back her skirt so that he might see the result. Whereas the ankle had been enlarged and awkward before, it was now vir- tually of regular proportions. "It'll hurt your business, won't it, Lizzie? You won't be able to work on their sympathy any more." Jim spoke with an air of camaraderie which some- times obtains between hunter and hunted. Lizzie did not answer. At the flat she brought out the letter j and showed it to Dorgan. As she did 1 so her eyes became misty. "The money was from my brother, | George Harley," she said throatily. "He died last summer." Dorgan looked at her quickly. "Where?" he asked crisply. "Down in Ohio some\yhere, I guess. Here, read it." The letter, dated October 15, was from a Cincinnati bank and addressed to Elizabeth Harley. It merely stated that a client bank in Ohio had request- ed that a draft payable to her be for- warded by registered mail, the money being the estate that had been left by her brother, George Harley, who had died suddenly. She would be able, it added, to cash it at any bank. 