112 The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong there had been at least five thousand dol- lars in cash in the safe and securities amounting to between ten and fifteen thousand dollars. There was every reason to believe that as Jones's clerk he knew what he was talking about. We had found less than a thou- sand dollars on Murphy when we searched him. Granted that I was right and that the confession I had forced from the janitor was the truth, what had become of the remainder of the money? Murphy was not clever enough to hide it and keep it hidden in the face of the terrific grilling we had given him. Nor, on the other hand, was he clever enough to act as the tool for someone else, the payment being the money we had found on his person, and keep from dis- closing the fact under the "Third Degree." There was something decidedly rotten in Denmark. I was man enough to admit this fact to Moore and his men during the recess after Murphy had taken the stand at preliminary hearing and to admit to them also that if Tomp- kins confirmed his statement regarding the amount of money when he took the stand that we would have considerable trouble in getting a conviction when the case came to trial. For the court had appointed to defend the janitor a young attorney of more than ordinary ability --a man who might be expected to do his utmost for his client on account of the advertising he would receive in case of an acquittal. V Tompkins was the first witness called after recess. He was visibly nervous, yet he retold the story he had told to me almost word for word. The prose- cuting attorney was about to turn him over to the attorney for the defense for cross-examination when, like a bolt out of a clear sky, the truth suddenly came to me. I leaned across the table and whis- pered to the prosecutor. A startled look flashed across his face, and an instant later he was on his feet moving for an adjournment. His motion was granted. Five minutes later he, Tompkins, Mur- phy and his attorney, Dugan, Moore, Miles and myself were closeted in the prosecutor's rooms. I turned upon Tompkins. "You cur!" I shouted, shaking my fist under his nose; "you killed Levi Jones yourself, and I, like a fool, almost sent an innocent man to the gallows for your crime!" He shrank back, while a gasp of astonishment went up from the others in the room. "I--I--" he commenced to stammer. But I stopped him. "Let me tell you just what happened," I went on. "You and old Jones were working in the office during the early part of the evening. Murphy says that he saw a light when he passed the door. You lie when you say that Jones fired you during the afternoon. The truth of the matter is that the altercation took place at the time when Murphy says that he heard angry voices as he again passed the door. "You had probably often quarreled before. Therefore, Jones had no sus- picion when you passed behind him. You seized the knife and plunged it into his heart! "The remainder was easy--for you are a smooth customer--so smooth that you had me hoodwinked all the way through! You rifled the safe, wiped off the finger-prints from it and the knife- handle, and then, watching your chance, tossed the roll of bill out into the hall- way where you knew Murphy would find them when he started his cleaning. You knew that he was simple-minded-- a dope fiend--knew just what his mental 