Pink Ears By Murray Leinster I THE Stratford is a hotel for men only, and has the air of quiet seclusion that usually is asso- ciated with a conservative club. The lobby is small and far from ornate. The smoking-room is large and com- fortable. The dining-room is low- ceilinged and quaint,--a place where one can smoke comfortably, -- and the kitchen produces viands that are worth a special trip to taste. Altogether, the Stratford is a place for those who want comfort, quiet, and the best of every- thing. James Craig, from his air of well- being, had enjoyed it to the full. An hour before, he had arisen from his table with that sensation of internal comfort that can come only from a well-ordered and well-cooked meal. He had chosen a cigar with discrimination, and lighted it with care. He had spent possibly twenty minutes or more in the smoking-room, idling over his news- paper in comfortable repletion, and then had scribbled a note at a writing-desk. With the methodical air of one to whom life is an excuse for the perpetration of systematic actions, he drew out a small notebook and extracted a stamp. He affixed the stamp and made a note in the book. It read: Postage on letter to firm.............. $ .02 The note was just beneath three others: Dinner .............................. $3.45 Tip ................................... .25 Cigar ................................. .25 He reached toward a button to sum- mon a bell-boy, and then changed his mind. It was almost possible to read his thoughts by his actions. He glanced out of the window nearby, and saw the last golden rays of the evening sun striking upon street and passersby. One who watched him would have guessed at his mental processes so:-- "I'll have a bell-boy mail this. . . . No. . . . This is a beautiful day. . . . A walk after dinner will do me good . . .I'll stroll out and mail it, or stroll out, anyway. . . ." He tucked the envelope carefully in his pocket, rose, and sauntered out of the doorway. He moved slowly, care- lessly, idling with the relish of a man who finds little time to idle. He was gone for less than ten min- utes altogether. When he came back in the door and passed through the lobby his expression had grown subtly more content. The ten-minutes' exer- cise had "shaken down" his dinner, his cigar had proved all that the brand warranted, and he was at peace with the world. As he made his way into the elevator he was even humming a little. "Three," he commented, as the car shot upward. "By the way, is there a good show in town tonight?" "Yessuh, Ah reg'n so. Dey usual' is. Y'might ax at de desk." The elevator-door clanged open at the third floor and he went out. The elevator-boy saw him fitting a key into the lock of his room. He was still humming. The elevator-door shut, and the cage dropped to the lobby floor again. "Gosh," said the elevator-boy to his confrere, the chief bell-hop. "Dem B. M.--Apr.--8 113 