Planned by the Stars 39 Stanley Ray, the leader of the Duster Band; final plans for the night's adven- tures were to be unfolded to him. In sight of the shopping district Carney entered a side street. He put a number of avenues behind him, passed under the scaffolding of an overhead railroad and presently was on the threshold of the small area of the city, controlled by Stanley Ray's band of thugs and gangsters. Tenement houses stood shoulder to shoulder in flanks of brick. Down the slope of the side street an avenue where freight cars rolled was visible; further distant was the water- front and the Hudson River. Frowsy women leaned from countless windows; children played in the gutters; the sum- mer air was dank with the stench of salt water. Into the avenue where the freight trains ran Joe Carney stepped. He put two blocks behind him and presently came upon a water-front hotel--a build- ing that had been old when the city was young. Joe Carney passed through the hostelry's yawning front door and moved into a small lobby. A few loaf- ers, smoking nauseous pipes, played checkers silently or slumbered loudly, shaggy heads tilted forward on flanneled chests. Apart from the group, brooding over his cigarette, sat a tall, heavily built young man with a dark, sinister face in which was largely written both deter- mination and courage. This man stood up as Carney entered, nodded his head slightly and opened a white-washed door a few feet back from where he had been sitting. When Carney had fol- lowed him into a small room that was used as a refuge for drug-peddlers and their victims, he closed the door and turned the key. Joe Carney promptly sat down. "Well, I'm here." Stanley Ray inclined his head slightly. "So I see." He pulled up a chair and dropped into it. "Listen carefully. I'm passing you the word that you turn the job on Tenth Avenue tonight. I've never told you where you're to go or what you've to do. All that you know is you've been picked out by me to swing a deal and keep your peep closed. The frame is set so that all you have to do is to walk in, help yourself and walk out. A half-wit could turn this without a mistake. That's how soft it is." Joe Carney fished in his pocket for the half-consumed cigarette. He lighted it and inhaled deeply. "I make you. Let's have it all." Stanley Ray went to the door and lis- tened. He returned to his chair and leaned forward. He lowered his voice. "Limping Lou has turned straight-- by request. He works for the gas com- pany. Tuesday he went to a flat on Tenth Avenue to read the cellar meter. In the front basement of the place are two rooms rented by a woman called Mrs. Garber. Lou had finished reading the meter and was passing out when he heard a clinking noise. It came from inside Mrs. Garber's front room. Lou tried to lpok through the keyhole, but it was plugged. So he went out into the alley and found the side window of the same room. This window was pro- tected by bars, but was open at the top. Lou found a barrel, stood up on it and looked through the top of it." Joe Carney drew a breath! "What did he see ?" Stanley Ray leaned still closer. "He saw Mrs. Garber sitting before a trunk--counting money! Lou said she was tying up bales of the green stuff in old aprons. He watched her until she put the aprons in the trunk, filled it to the top with old clothes and then shut it up! That's what he saw!" Joe Carney dropped his cigarette to the floor and ground it out with his heel. "What else?" 