The Man Who Would Not Die 99 "Inspector Des Moines, Headquar- ters, speaking. A man just called me up from booth number fourteen. There's a ten in it for you if you'll get a descrip- tion of him for me inside of a minute. Do you understand ? Move fast!" "You can send the ten right along, in- spector. The man who used booth num- ber fourteen stopped at the desk and gave me a tip as he passed out. He just went through the door a second ago." "Fine! Fine! His description? Quick!" "You know him, inspector. It was Augustus Winters, the millionaire!" V Inspector Des Moines was a man of action. While even his best friends did not claim for him the brilliancy of a Sherlock Holmes, a Cleek of The Forty Faces, an Arsene Lupin, or any of the other celebrated sleuths of fiction, yet, once given the slender thread of a clew, he followed it to the end. The taunting telephone call led him to believe that, in Augustus Winters, he had the master mind who was directing the crimes in the millionaire's own household*. Why Win- ters would make way with his wife and her maid--for the detective was firmly of the belief that both women had been murdered--he did not attempt to reason out. He only knew that a crime had been committed and that he, as an officer of the law, was pledged to find the mur- derer, regardless of who he might be. Just now all straws pointed to Augustus Winters himself. He believed that Winters had over- looked a point in telephoning from a public booth in a hotel where he was so well known; that he was likely to recall his indiscretion and, in an effort to re- trieve his lost ground, hasten home in order to provide himself with an alibi, the officer believed, would be his next move. Consequently, to checkmate that alibi and prove it false from its very in- ception was the obvious thing to do. He reached for the telephone again and called the number of the million- aire's residence. Not over three or four minutes had elapsed since Winters-- or Lessman, as the inspector believed him to be--had talked to him from the Biltmore. To drive from the hotel to his home would take the better part of an hour, even with a fast car. It would take nearly as long to go from Head- quarters. And there was always the danger of an accident. Des Moines thought rapidly, then made his decision. The telephone was faster and better than making the trip in person and standing the possible chance of having the aged criminal--and the inspector now had no doubts on that score--reach there first. A sleepy voice answered his ring. "Augustus Winters' residence," it said. "Who is this ?" he demanded. "Wilkins, the butler, sir." "Has Mr. Winters returned, yet?" "He has not been out, sir." "Let me talk to him then." Des Moines chuckled softly to himself as he made the demand. He knew that there was no possibility of the millionaire replying. And the testimony of Wilkins would support his charges when the time came to prove the falsity of the alibi. "I'll connect you with his room, sir," answered the butler. A second later the inspector was astonished to hear the clear, calm voice of Winters at the other end of the wire. It nearly floored him. He was almost too nonplussed to reply. For Winters, obviously, could not be in two places at once. If this was Win- ters, then the man who had called him up from the Biltmore must, necessarily, be an impostor. And what manner of man was he who could disguise himself so cleverly that even those who were personally acquainted with the millionaire mistook the counterfeit for the real? 