The Yellow Dog 113 ner of his bearded lips, a steaming tum- bler in his hand. An odor of rum, strong, insidious, penetrated to Hankin- son and overcame the musty smell of the old garments. Because of his previous vigils, Hankinson was well acquainted with the accustomed routine. Old Marcovitch began by unlocking the safe. Then he took out certain goods from the locked showcases on his counter. Better things came from a sort of wired-in enclosure which filled the center of the window--an enclosure of stout wire, closely meshed and clamped. There were trays in that which contained rings and necklaces and orna- ments set with diamonds and pearls. Some of these things were ticketed, some were not. But Hankinson, having often glued his nose to the thick plate-glass window, had a good idea that he could easily stow away a few hundreds of pounds' worth of stuff out of those trays in one of his pockets. Good stuff, he said to himself, lies in little room. It was Hankinson's notion to hit Mar- covitch when the trays from the window and the counter-cases had been laid on the counter previous to transferring them to the safe. He had everything ready for the at- tack: the sandbag was already grasped in his right hand; in a left-hand pocket he had a gag all ready to insert in the old man's jaws; in another pocket a length of cord wherewith to secure Mar- covitch's wrists. And the moment was drawing near, was almost there, when Marcovitch turned from his trays to the safe, took out of a drawer a small packet done up in brown paper with a tissue-paper lining, and, with a low chuckle of delight, shook out on the counter a quantity of loose diamonds. Hankinson grew hot and cold and hot again as the light fell on those sparkling stones. Here, indeed, was luckl Such luck as he had never expected. He was not versed in the lore of precious stones, but he knew diamonds from paste, and he had no doubt that these sparkling things were genuine products of the South African diamond fields. And there was pretty nearly a handful of them. They must be good, for noth- ing but the thought of their extreme goodness would account for the self- satisfied way in Which the old Jew chuckled as he bent over them, turning their shining facets over with his claw- like finger. And--now was the time. Hankinson glided out of his cover and brought the sandbag crashing down on Marcovitch's bald head. Marcovitch instinctively, spasmodi- cally threw up his hands. He emitted one groan, reeled and was falling over on his side when Hankinson caught him. It was not part of Hankinson's game that Marcovitch should fall heavily on the floor. He let the old man slide gently down. In two minutes he had securely gagged him. In two more min- utes he had drawn his hands behind his back and fastened his wrists together. And it was as he rose from the ac- complishment of these things that he suddenly heard a strange sound--the sound of something alive, drawing in its breath in a queer, sniffling, snuffling fashion, somewhere close at hand. Instantly Hankinson recognized that sound. It was the sound made by an imprisoned animal which snuffs at the crack of its prison door. "Lumme!" whispered Hankinson to himself. "A blinkin' dawg!" He lost no time after that, and as he transferred the most valuable things to his pockets--diamonds here, gold there --he wondered how it was that he had never seen any dog about Marcovitch's premises. Presently the sniffling sound died away; all became quiet again. And, without as much as a glance at the fallen B. M.--Sept.--8 