96 The Man Who Would Not Die III Before the inspector could recover from his astonishment, the door burst open and a man, grey-haired, tall, angu- lar--beyond the middle age--rushed in without the formality of rapping. His wrinkled face was drawn and haggard, his eyes bloodshot and red from weep- ing, his whole appearance that of a man almost bereft of his senses. "Inspector," he shrieked, "who is the guilty man? Who has desecrated the poor, dead body of my wife? Who stole it from the casket? Damn them! Damn them! Damn them! Who murdered Dolly, her maid ? She was murdered, I say! I know it! I know it!" He glared about him for a second. Then: "Give him to me, I say! I'll tear the scoundrel to pieces with my naked hands! Give him to me! I de- mand justice!" He dropped into a chair and burst into hysterical sobs. For an instant there was silence. Des Moines chewed thought- fully on his cigar. Johnson, white-faced, unused to scenes such as this, fidgeted nervously, his fingers twitching. Assum- ing the quieting tone of a mother ad- dressing her child, the inspector turned to the weeping man. "Calm yourself, Mr. Winters," he be- gan, slowly. "I know that it's hard-- it's awful, terrible. But we'll get at the bottom of it some way. I promise you on my word as a man that I'll capture the guilty wretch and hang him. Yes, curse him! I'll hang him higher than a kite, or I'll quit the force! But the affair is growing more puzzling every minute. I can't make head nor tail out of it as it stands now. Won't you let me hear your story ?" Winters sat up and dried his eyes. "What can I tell you?" he sobbed. "How shall I begin?" "Start with the death of your wife." "There is little to tell. She was strick- en, suddenly, yesterday afternoon while dressing to go out. Dolly Matthews, her maid, who was with her at the time, hast- ily summoned assistance. But she passed away before the doctor arrived--in fact, even before the servants, who responded to Miss Matthews' cries, could reach her. The physician--Doctor Bennett, the well known specialist--gave as his opinion that the cause of death was heart failure. "The body was prepared for burial in the usual way. I sat beside the casket until nearly morning. Then, in response to the urgent appeals of the friends and relatives who had rushed to my side in my hour of trouble, I surrendered my post to Miss Matthews. The poor girl loved my wife devotedly and was terribly grief stricken over her untimely death. And now she's gone, too!" He burst into another paroxysm of sobbing. Des Moines waited until he regained control of himself, then motioned for him to continue. "I could not content myself. My nerves were nearly at the breaking point, although the physician had given me an opiate to quiet me. After lying on the bed and tossing around for an hour or two, I arose and again sought the side of my dear one. I was surprised not to find Miss Matthews in the room, which was empty, although therg, were several peo- ple in the study just across the hall. "I stepped to the casket. As there is a God in Heaven, the body of my wife was gone! In its place was the body of Dolly, her maid, cold in death!" "There was no evidence of foul play in the case of the maid ?" "No, although I am certain, under the circumstances, that she was murdered. She couldn't have died a natural death and crawled into the casket herself, could she?" He glared at the inspector as if expecting a denial. Receiving no answer he continued: "My cries brought those who were in the other room and we immediately sum- 