Murder in Haste 41 element of mystery to the tragedy. A chemical analysis of the stomach con- tents showed positively that no strych- nine was present. If the doctor's diagnosis proved to be correct, it followed that strychnine must have been injected by a hypodermic syringe. But no needle was found on the dead man. It was also not clear why Carr--assuming it was suicide-- had gone about it in this queer fashion. Symptoms of strychnine poisoning usually appear within twenty minutes or less after the poison is taken. Where had Detective Carr been before he came to the attorney's office? Before the mystery could be solved that question had to be answered. III Du. Raymond K. Perry experienced a queer feeling even during the first visit of Detective Carr. He had the premo- nition that the detective had penetrated his disguise. When, a few days later, the dentist was visited by a former client of Lesser &amp; Kirven--who came osten- sibly to have his teeth cleaned--Perry's fears increased. A short time after, three of the former clients of Lesser &amp; Kirven were in the restaurant in which the detective took his lunch. Dr. Perry was then certain. Detective Carr had identified him as the missing William Lesser. Dr. Perry knew that his arrest was imminent. Had any doubts remained, the actions of the detective himself would have cleared them away. The detective began refer- ring--casually--to the Kirven case. He somehow managed to bring up this matter during every consultation. And he spoke of artificially induced baldness as an effective means of disguise. The doctor was aware that in the beginning the detective was a trifle un- certain, but with each visit the uncer- tainty gradually resolved itself into conviction. Dr. Perry was in a con- tinuous state of suspense. It became obvious finally that the detective would arrest him. The dentist knew that an arrest would be his ruin. He would be unable to account for any of his actions previous to the last ten months. And if they held him in jail without bail--as is customary in murder indictments--his hair would start grow- ing and that would expose him. The dentist, of course, could have fled. But that would be equivalent to a confession of guilt. He would invite a man hunt. Also he would have to sacrifice all the money he had gained by the murder of Kirven. This money was tied up in real estate. If he attempted to make a sale, he would be merely inviting immediate arrest. There seemed to be but one other alternative. From the fact that he was never shadowed, the dentist reasoned that Detective Carr had not mentioned his suspicions to any other police offi- cials. There was every indication that only Detective Carr was privy to the secret. If, therefore, a way could be found to dispose of Detective Carr, the status quo would be maintained and Dr. Perry could keep living in comfort the rest of his life. As the dentist figured it, noth- ing could be lost by a second murder. They can't do more than electrocute a man. The murder certainly seemed to be an absolute necessity. . . . During the detective's last visit, the dentist made him an amalgum filling for the first molar on the upper left-hand side. The dental pulp or "nerve" had been killed with arsenic and removed previously. It remained only to put in the gutta percha point, seal it with liquid gutta percha and close the top of the cavity with amalgum. But the dentist did not use gutta percha. Instead he inserted a paste made 