24 Ananias Ltd. since Cryder had appeared at home in his Wild West outfit and mysteri- ously whispered about gold. At first his friends had merely laughed* among themselves at what they called "Herb's latest," but finally Cryder had begun to scatter a few nuggets around as souvenir gifts in the form of scarf pins, cuff links and one thing and another, and he even tried to pay for a round of drinks out of a "poke" of gold dust. Raised quite a row, it seems, because they didn't' have gold scales at the cashier's desk to weigh it, like they do in a new mining camp. Pretty soon his friends were de- manding to buy shares in the mine. Cryder had laughed at them, just like he laughed at me, but they kept at him and persuaded him--as they thought--to form a company and is- sue stock. He sold it cheap enough-- ten dollars for a $100 share--but ap- parently he had sold quite a lot-- nobody knew then just how much. He had pretended that he wanted to keep it a close corporation--so that he could have full control him- self, he said--and wouldn't sell to anyone except close friends and rela- tives. Old Ezekiel bought quite a block and even Jedidiah bought some. He had an honest young lawyer as "general counsel," and almost at the start declared a dividend of ten per cent. The stock certificates were beauti- fully engraved and the prospectus was a work of art. I read it through three times before I discovered that it was all generalities and that no- where in it was the mine definitely located. It was- some place that the book described as the "El Dorado of the Munificent West," and that's no place to buy a railroad ticket to. It was after the dividend that he hired Garrity and the ten extra stenographers and opened the ma- hogany offices. Several of his friends got pinched in the market about that time and sold their stock to stran- gers. These began calling for infor- mation and reports and things, and young Cryder did not laugh as much as he used to, folks said. Something was really worrying him. In another week Jedidiah Quinot, among others, became suspicious and he would have carried the tale to old Ezekiel had not the physicians forbidden him to see the sick man. As a result of this, he had appealed to the Department and I was put on the case. Of course I could have gone straight to Cryder, showed my cre- dentials and demanded his books, the location of the mine and all the rest of the information I wanted, but Cryder was supposedly a citizen of some importance in that community --no common crook--and besides that there kept buzzing in the back of my mind a lingering suspicion of Jedidiah Quinot, the chief complain- ant in the case. While he seemed to be all broken up over the matter, nevertheless I had found out that in case old Ezekiel Cryder disinherited his nephew, his fortune would go to Quinot's son. So, instead of declaring myself to Herbert Cryder, I called on his "gen- eral manager," Mr. Richard Garrity. Dick was not exactly pleased to see me when I ran across him in the lobby of his hotel, but he was quite willing to renew our acquaintance and talk at length. Garrity had been wonder- ing for some time why I did not send him to the penitentiary and seemed to think it was because I had use for him outside. The fact was I did not have the evidence but he thought I had and I was willing to let him hold that belief. It certainly helped in this case. "Where's the mine?" echoed Gar- 