102 The Man Who Would Not Die tensed, as if struggling against the un- seen hands that were pulling him down. Then he gave voice to a shrill, hideous, agonized scream, and, lurching like a drunken man for a pace or two, crum- pled up in a heap on the pavement. A dozen of his brother officers leaped to his assistance. They were hurled back as if by an electric shock. Arising, they fought against the invisi- ble force that held them in its power, but without avail. Open-mouthed, their feet fastened to the pavements as by steel bands, they were forced to stand and watch the torture of their comrade. As Des Moines broke through the edge of the crowd, the unknown power that held them in check lessened. In a body they dashed to the stricken man's side and turned him on his back. His eyes were already glazing. His hands were cold and clammy. On his forehead was the sweat of death. He shivered spasmodically. Then his jaw dropped. Lessman had struck. "The Man Who Would Not Die" had won another victory. Silence. Tense, nerve-racking si- lence. Eyes were peering, heads mov- ing. On all sides excitement was visi- ble on every face. But no one spoke a word. The agony was too great. "Boom!" High up in a tower a clock was striking. Every eye was turned towards it. But still no word. Only the soul-straining, awful silence. "Boom!" "Boom!" The clock was striking ten. Lessman had kept his word to the minute. A woman screamed. Her shrill, hysteri- cal shriek broke the spell. Then over the heads of the silent, awe-filled crowd rang a burst of laugh- ter--cold, haunting, diabolical laughter --weird, mysterious--the gloating of a fiend. Pandemonium broke loose. Those in the front lines, frozen with supernatu- ral terror, turned, white-faced, from the horror that they had witnessed and sought an avenue of escape. None knew but the arch-fiend might continue --that, any moment, others might fall, blasted like a tree after a lightning stroke. Men fought and struggled to flee from the invisible. Who knew? Less- man might be he who stood beside you. Even now he might be seeking another victim! Nothing could stop him. He was omnipotent! Every man suspected his neighbor. The police labored with club and fist. It was like stemming the ocean's tide with a shovel. It was a panic, a riot in which the stronger trampled the weaker under foot. There was no mercy--only a desire to escape from the spot. Men and women dropped, fainting, exhausted, dying where they fell, beneath the feet of their maddened fellows. Their dying screams only added to the fright of those who rushed over them. Automo- biles, their drivers stricken by the fear that mastered all, dashed madly ahead, slaughtering and crippling. The pave- ment, covered with dead and wounded, was like a battlefield. It was a minia- ture hell--an inferno created by the diseased brain of a devil in human form. When the officers had finally com- pleted their task and the street was cleared--when the last ambulance had departed with its ghastly load--Des Moines looked about him for Winters. He was gone. An officer remembered seeing the millionaire's machine driv- ing away, its owner huddled up in the back seat, shrieking and babbling, his shoulders shaking with hysterical sobs, his face wearing the look of a man who has just escaped from Hades. The inspector stood deep in thought. "He said that he'd speak to me! And yet--dammit all! The man never lived who could act such a part. It can't be 