64 More Deadly than the Viper gan-dhuntsa Pass--stood the white- washed Lamaserie, swathed in smoke and flames. "Alexis arrived from Kurruk a short while ago with a detachment of soldiers," he heard Yashka telling him. "The Consul at Kurruk sent them. The barishnya told us whither you had gone and we followed--and broke in the Lamaserie. Nearly all the Lamas fled. Some were shot. We found the barishnya's brother in a large room and you on a balcony. Then we set torches to the accursed monastery." "And what of Amber?" queried Tremaine. "Bad wound in the throat," re- turned the Cossack, "The Holy Vir- gin alone knows what could have made such a nasty tear! But I think he will recover. See"--he indicated a form that Tremaine had hitherto not observed, lying several feet away --"there he is." Tremaine got up, still weak and unsteady, and moved to the out- stretched Amber .... "We'd better remove him to the Consulate," he suggested, "Miss Am- ber will be waiting." Yashka spoke to one of his com- rades and the two Russians strapped the body of Lance Amber upon the back of a Tartar pony. "Vperyed! Advance!" cried the leader of the Cossacks, and the troops moved down upon the plain. Tremaine and Yashka followed on foot, the former leading the Tartar pony. That walk across the valley seemed a dream to the American--a dream that ended as they reached the Consulate. .... In the courtyard she was waiting, white with the stain of the dying moon, the trembling stars re- flected in her night-blue eyes, arms outstretched to greet him. "I wanted to go with them," he heard her saying, "But Yashka made me remain behind. It is always so-- the woman behind. Tell me--" Then she saw the form strapped to the saddle of the Tartar pony-- darted to it ... . In a moment she turned back to Tremaine. In her eyes he glimpsed a light such as he had rarely seen even in the risen evening star. "Travis Tremaine," she said in that low, sweet voice, "God sent you--to me--all the way from Fredericksburg!" 