18 Exterior to the Evidence "She could--I'm sure!" said Mr. Getherfield. "Well, we seem to be living in strange times, hereabouts. You'll be hearing that I've run away with some- body's cook next." Letty went to bed that night in the room which was always kept for her at Foxden Manor, and she slept the sleep which follows on sudden relief from anxiety that has no very definite cause. When she joined the old man at breakfast next morning, she was in her usual good spirits. She forgot all the fear which had oppressed her/ the previous evening--and she forgot Bradwell Pike. But a word from Mr. Getherfield, spoken as they made ready for departure, recalled him. "I'm going to have a quiet chat with your father this morning, my dear," said the old man, as he stood with Letty in the porch, waiting for his cob to be brought round. "I'm going to advise him--very quietly--not to trust that fellow Pike too much. If he says any- thing to you, afterwards, tell him that you told me all that Pike said to you last night. That's best--don't have any secrets from your father." "I never had one until yesterday, Godfather," responded Letty. "And I meant to tell him I'd been behind that curtain and what I heard. He knows-- quite well--about Marston." She was wondering all the way down the valley if she would find her father at the mill, whither she meant to go before returning home; if so, she was going to tell him straight out, in her godfather's presence, what her trouble had been. But before she and Mr. Getherfield came in sight of the manu- facturing village and its tall chimneys, a man, striding rapidly down the hillside from the moors, lifted a hand and stopped them. Letty recognised him as one of Sir Cheville's moor-rangers: He came up to Mr. Getherfield's stirrup, looking from him to Letty with a face full of grave concern. "Have you heard it, sir?" he asked excitedly. "Sir Cheville's dead! Found dead on the moors, this morning, by our head keeper. And the police will have it there's been foul play. Murder!" (To be continued next month.) 