Pink Ears 115 orders that assured the continued presence of every one of the hotel em- ployees and a careful note of every guest who left the place. He would be able to give the police a list of every man who slipped out, and would be able to produce all the hotel help. It was quick and efficient work. But once that was done, the desk-clerk allowed himself to think sympathetically of the man in the room above. He had seen Craig stroll into the elevator, pleasantly flushed by his dinner and walk. And now that chalk-white man with sunken eyes, croaking of ruin and disgrace. . . . The desk-clerk shook his head in genuine regret. II A rather shabby young man with a cigarette dangling from his mouth strolled into the room without the formality of knocking. He nodded ungraciously at Craig. "I'm Jamison," he said gloomily, "Police Headquarters. They sent me down to find out about this robbery. What's up?" Craig, no more than the wreck of the debonair man of a half hour be- fore, told his story, with his eyes glow- ing strangely from sunken sockets. Jamison listened from a comfortable chair, gazing at the ceiling. "You went out ?" he queried, when Craig had finished. "Why didn't you leave the bonds in the hotel safe?" "I should have," groaned Craig wretchedly. "But no one knew I had them with me. Only the president of my firm and myself knew I had them. We thought that if I just went on up to New York quite casually, as if on an ordinary business trip, there'd be* no suspicion of my having anything valuable with me. God! If I'd only known!" "How long were you gone?" asked Jamison, fishing in his baggy pockets for tobacco and paper to roll another cigarette. "I don't know," said Craig despair- ingly. "I finished my dinner, wrote a note, and went out to the street. I asked the way to the nearest mail box and dropped my letter in. Then I came back, came up to my room, and the bonds were gone! I'm ruined! I'll be suspected of stealing them myself!" Jamison yawned and rolled a ciga- rette with one hand, watching his own fingers with the absorbed attention of one who has but recently acquired the feat. "Well," he said in a moment, after licking the-paper. "I guess we've got a job ahead of us. What train did you come in on?" "I got in about four-thirty." "That's number twenty-seven," com- mented Jamison. "You came to the hotel right away?" "Yes. I registered, washed up, had my dinner, and--" "Bonds negotiable?" queried Jami- son uninterestedly. "What issue and numbers ?" Craig told him. "N.O. and W. 4 is," Jamison yawned again. "Twenty-nine four eighty- seven to twenty-nine five twenty-two. All right." Craig rose as Jamison stood up negligently. Craig looked like a wreck. His face was a sickly white and his eyes burned from cavernous depths. His lips were trembling a little. "They're going to suspect me!" he said desperately. "Only one man beside myself knew I had those bonds. They're gone--stolen. Man, you've got to clear me! Search me, search the room! Put me under arrest. Do something!" "I'll put you under surveillance," said Jamison, "if you like." He yawned. "Just to prove to your firm 