Appearances Are Deceiving 31 his opinion, an ancient and dishonorable one, but it was nevertheless his profes- sion. From early days, according to the history he studied in college, there had been those who by skill or brute force, by cleverness or wit, had made their living in the same manner. By thrift and hard work, some men and nations' rose to prosperity, and then other men, or other nations, came and conquered, or stole. "This is an honest man--an honest man from New York," said Mr. Rid- dick, introducing, Garbett to the office force of _ the bank. And Garbett acknowledged the soft impeachment, and shook hands with them all. At luncheon the crook met Mrs. Riddick, a matronly, gray-haired wo- man who dressed in startling elegance. The lady had soft hands, splashed with diamonds, earrings that contained two large blazing stones; a crescent pin of white fire sent sparks from her ample bosom. And Garbett's eyes held an odd expression as he saw the lavish use she made of such expensive bits of carbon. In the afternoon Peter Riddick re- turned to the bank, while the crook strolled about the rambling streets of the town. He walked aimlessly, a frown of concentration on his face, as he planned his actions for later in the evening. The train for Washington left at 9:45 from the railroad station at the southern end of the town. Riddick's house was halfway between the bank and the station, five minutes "from either one. Doubtless they would escort him to the station, and wait there with him until he had left the town. Garbett stopped in his walk, and stared at the signboard as he thought. He must devise some way to keep the Riddicks from going with him to the station. He needed thirty minutes--an hour would be far better--between the time he left the house and the time the train left. Also, he wanted to know whether the bank was guarded at night. If there was a watchman, that individual would have to be silenced. Doubtless there was a police force in the town too; he must make inquiries. Garbett came to himself, and his eyes read the signboard. Up to this time, he had been too busy thinking to look. Cabaret and Dance Velma Dramatic Club Tonight Garbett chuckled with amusement and strolled toward the garage. The Riddicks could be disposed of very simply. He remembered, now, that Mrs. Riddick had drawn the conversa- tion during luncheon to artistic chan- nels. Of course she wanted to go to the "Cabaret and Dance" that evening; she was just the sort of woman who would desire to shine in society. Her diamonds insisted upon an audience. A grime and grease covered mechanic willingly ceased his languid investiga- tions into the interior of a flivver and indulged in the luxury of a new listener. "We've only got one policeman," he said, in answer to a question, "and he's the worse .one in the United States. Prohibition ruined Pop Gordon; he's tried more recipes than any man in the county, and he makes the worst hooch in the State. W'hy, he fed some of his stuff to a yellow dog I found, and the dog chewed up a tire casing trying to get the taste out of his mouth!" "Then who looks after traffic, and keeps an eye on things at night?" "Nobody," answered the mechanic. "There's not much traffic anyhow. Well, the next day, I saw that yellow dog looking sick, and--" Garbett let the youth continue, and finally satisfied himself that he had nothing to fear from an unwelcome 