32 The Weeping Killer he would walk through the little door instead of the big one on his second trip from his cell. He was killed by a man with brains and that imagination which had made him a tamed slayer. "I know what happened as surely as I know I am sitting here, but there would be no use in going into court with it. "Hardy had openly challenged the old leader's authority. Everybody knows that. Even the boys on the street were mocking Moriarity. He had wept in court. He had been seen twice walking unsteadily out of the building, wiping his eyes with his handkerchief and seeming to be half blinded by tears. Once the elevator man had to help him to the street. Everybody in the dis- trict knew about it. He was in pitiful terror at the thought of the time when Hardy would pull a gun on him and challenge him to fight it out. He knew that when that time came he would either have to go back to the death house, be killed by Hardy or disappear. There wasn't much choice. One was as bad as another for him. So, like the man of brains he is, he discarded all three of the obvious alternatives and found a fourth way out of the meeting he knew would have to come. "It came last Saturday night. The two of them were alone in the club- room. Not a man in the gang would have dared to stick his nose inside the door. They knew there would be no question about who their leader was be- fore morning and there wasn't one of them within a mile of the place. "The elevator man and the night watchman both heard them quarreling. They didn't hear the words, but we don't need them. Hardy taunted Mori- arity to try to make him pull a gun. He had two--one his own and another for Moriarity in case he had none of his own. This second gun was loaded with blanks. "There were two flasks in the room. One had gin in it and was still half full. The other was broken on the floor when Moriarity dropped it as Hardy pulled his gun and called upon him to fight. "After dropping the flask, Moriarity walked out of the room and down the stairs, wiping the tears from his eyes as he had been seen doing twice before. The watchman saw him. The elevator man was on the top floor with his car. Moriarity had sent him there to put a new bolt on the roof scuttle. He swears the door at the club floor was closed when he went up--but elevator men always say that. Anyway the light was burning in the hall. That's all he knows until he heard Hardy scream." "But how, then, did Moriarity kill him?" a reporter asked as the captain relighted his cigar. "Ever hear of this new tear gas?" the policeman questioned. "That's what was in the other flask." "But wouldn't it blind Moriarity, too?" "It did. But he had experimented until he could find his way out of the building in spite of it. The effect wears off in a few minutes and by the time he had reached the corner he was merely crying a few tears and had his alibi all made to order. Meanwhile Hardy was blundering about until he found the elevator door and fell to his death. "An act of Providence, I suppose the law might call it, but it was really the act of a damned clever devil." 