His Thirteenth Wife 93 of a home. He had no wish to settle; down. He had possessed a surfeit of wives that he did not want in a personal way. Bruckner had married them in the casual course of business. And this gave him a thought--in the nature of a vacation. Suppose he should seek a spouse who actually pleased him. Thus far he had not expe- rienced such a genuine pleasure. For a man married as much as he,,fhe situa- tion was silly. Yet Bruckner had his doubts. If he paid court to a young and beautiful girl--one whom he really admired--he might, even after the pas- sage of all these years, fall in love with her. That would prove fatal. He had heard of idiots, drunk with love, who told their wives everything. That would never do. In the first place, the lady might not prove sympa- thetic. Also, he was certain that sooner or later he would desire to kill her --from sheer force of habit or perhaps from ennui--since he no longer needed money. Such a situation would be awkward if he became devoted to her-- for then he would break the heart which had been proof against Cupid's darts through all these years of many mar- riages. So he relinquished the thought and went to New York to rest up a bit and think the situation over. As usual, he went to a modest hotel. Yet the days he spent alone were tedious, and like a fish out of water, he longed to plunge once more into the matrimonial sea. For a time he had whiled away some of his hours in the company of a Russian, who claimed to have been a watchmaker to the late Czar. This gentleman still made timepieces--but he made them to put in bombs, and made them very well. His genius appealed to Bruckner and the two became quite friendly, although Bruckner was slightly nervous lest the police should visit the bombmaker's place while he was present. However, he had no other company. His safe-cracking friends were all in jail--and the others were safe beyond the reach of the law--or else had been reached by it and removed from this vale of tears. So he found himself craving for action and the further exer- cise of his remarkable talents. Then he met Mrs. Mary Corcoran, a healthy husky lady who was doomed to become his wife from the first moment he saw her. Mrs. Corcoran was a widow of just the proper age--not too wealthy, Bruck- ner thought, although she was possessed of a trifle more than her predecessors. She owned a place by the seashore and was extremely fond of bathing. She had a little motorboat, and at the time when Bruckner entered her life, was about to open her bungalow for the season. The situation appealed to Bruckner. He needed a rest and a change of clime, and a stay by the sea would be welcome. It would do him good and build up his health while he planned how to break down hers. So he mentioned to the widow as much of his plan as was fit- ting for the lady to know. She proved entirely agreeable--even eager, Bruck- ner thought. In fact, he was rather afraid that she was in love with him. That might prove awkward, but it could not be helped. So he married her and took a solemn oath that when this ad- venture was over, he would never again tempt fate. The bungalow was on a little sandy point, some miles from the nearest town and the railroad station. Mrs. Bruck- ner, nee Corcoran, taxied back and forth from the village in her motor- boat when her fancy suggested such journeys or purchases required them. Bruckner spent much of his time sit- ting on the beach with his pipe and his thoughts, and practically lived the life of a married hermit. They got on 