Ananias Ltd. 27 come back--carefully this time--be- fore I found he had left the main highway at a little town called Hope, perched between the mountains and the Fraser River Canyon and struck off into the hills. There is still gold along the Fraser. On the sand bars that ridge the rush- ing torrent every half mile or so, Chinamen can still be seen washing the sands of the river and turning "color" with almost every pan. But the best of them average only about two dollars a day and white men merely laugh as they pass them by. It doesn't pay for grub, hardship and loneliness. But this was a great country once. Back in the 50's Hope was a great outfitting point for a stampede of Americans who had failed to find fortunes at the first few turns of a shovel in the California rush, and chased the rainbow a thou- sand miles northward rather than re- turn East empty handed. There certainly is gold in the Fraser. Everyone could see that. But the tossing, heaving, rushing wa- ters knew nothing of its value. Only on the sandbars could it he found and the rambunctious river tore these down over night and erected new ones every morning. Every miner knows that gold in rivers is washed down from the hills and for seventy years prospectors have been seeking the "mother lode" of the Fraser de- posits. Ten thousand hopeful men have crossed the hills from Hope to seek this treasure house of Nature. Her- bert Cryder, I soon found out, had been the ten-thousand-and-first. There was no concealment about his journey. He was easier to fol- low than a new yellow freight car. The guides who had taken him into the hills were already back in Hope when I arrived there, and perfectly willing to repeat their thirty-six hour journey with no questions asked. In fact, they volunteered the information that Cryder had bought an aban- boned claim without even looking at it, and taken a crew of six men--fully equipped with grub and tools for placer work in with him. The head man of the pack train tapped his fore- head and winked solemnly as he told me about it, but beyond that he was non-communicative. As for me, I walked down to the river and looked at the waters as they rushed through the canyon on their way to the sea, the snow-capped mountains from which the flood had tumbled and the ruined little town which still clung to its post between the railroad and the torrent, and pinched myself to retain the idea that I was an officer of the United States Government in pursuit of a criminal. They had told me there was but one trail across the hills to Cryder's claim, but apparently they did not know Cryder. Because, when we ar- rived at his camp, he was not there. "Gone back to the Fraser to spear salmon," a disgusted Irish laborer in- formed me as he took a fresh grip on his shovel. It was dusk then and I was tired out from unaccustomed pony travel over the rough trail. I was glad enough to accept the foreman's offer of supper and a bed in his tent and put off any further investigation until morning. Tired as I was, the fore- man and I talked together well into the night and long after he had begun snoring I lay awake thinking over the things he had told me. I could not believe them. As nearly as I dared I had called the man a liar and ac- cused him of being in league with Cryder. He had refused to talk at all until I had shown him my American credentials--worthless in British Co- 