Fear 73 I managed to control my temper long enough to get it out. "Suppose we outline a few possibili- ties first," he began. "There isn't a chance of convicting you of anything by this piece of carbon paper by itself. The district attorney couldn't use it as evidence without something to back it up. But what happened to C &amp; Q about nine months ago everyone knows. This little piece of paper tells what was going to happen before it ever did. It also mentions the matter of Landis's stock. Old King may be dead, but he still has a grip on you. "I don't want to take this to the dis- trict attorney. I wouldn't have to, as far as that goes. Public opinion would be enough, if I made this public. It would be an unpleasant scandal and it might be hard for me to get located profitably after having been so inti- mately connected with you. Besides there isn't anything one-tenth so good as what you can give me. For a twenty per cent interest in the firm I will tuck this little piece of paper away in a safe deposit vault and the world will move merrily on." He had turned me loose and we were sitting facing each other. I believe then was the first time I had ever had a good look at his eyes. They were close to- gether and there was a kind of murky green fire playing around way down deep. His whole face was different. There wasn't anything to it. I argued with him about how the district attorney would laugh at his romantic idea of using a piece of carbon paper, but he had me scared and he knew it. Then I agreed to his plan with an amendment that he burn the paper: He laughed then, and it was a long way from a chuckle. He must be laugh- ing like that now, knowing what is going to happen to me. "Burn it, and let you get me like you did Landis," he wanted to know. "I know you, Barnes, and there is nothing you wouldn't do to make money. My proposition is made and it goes. You can take it or leave it." I took another look at that face, and I agreed. He smiled then and drew out a little pile of papers from his pocket. One was articles of agreement for the partnership, providing for the change of the firm name. The others were notices for the papers of the change. I signed them all and then I wondered how he had happened to look for the carbon. I hated to ask him, but I had to know. "You have a bad habit of leaving things around," he told me when I did ask. "Besides that I have been with you long enough to see your crooked brain work. I saw you make a play at Old King one day at lunch. You re- member, the day you had crackers and milk. I knew you usually had roast beef and all the vegetables you could find on the menu, finishing up with pie. "I saw you meet him other times, and I knew that you were discussing trouble for someone. You may not remember, but I helped you check over the securi- ties in the Landis safe deposit box one day. Then I began to watch you. I knew something was coming, and that you would make a fortune. I wasn't going to be left out. "The night before you went up to King's house you did a little figuring on your scheme. You burned some of the papers, I found the ashes, but you must have crumpled up one of them without thinking about it. I don't mind telling you I found it in your wastebasket. I had discovered a search of that basket evevy night was. usually worth while. "I heard you call Mrs. Barnes and tell her you were not coming home for dinner, and I followed you until I saw you safely in King's house. When I came down next morning I met the night watchman leaving and he re- 