The Half-Asleep Girl By William H. Kofoed I THE street was squalid, dirty. On either side a row of rickety frame houses, leaning like drunken sailors one upon the other, warned idle trespassers of the character of the neighborhood. The few people who traversed it now in the autumn twilight walked quickly and with many a furtive, sidewise glance, as though in some ancient land of gnomes and ogres, where, behind every wall, lurked an unknown horror. That is, all but young Fleming Met- calf Knibbs. It is doubtful that Knibbs could achieve the furtive if his life de- pended on it. Hie was one of those straightforward chaps who insist that black is black, and, even though a siz- able check be the inducement, refuse to call it gray. Of course, in reality,, no check could possibly prove an induce- ment to young Knibbs, as his private fortune was known to flirt with seven figures; but the comparison is none the less illuminating on that account. Nor was he without a sense of hu- mor, or of balance: humor enough to enjoy all phases of life, balance enough to realize that not in money alone does one find happiness. But his humor bordered on the ro- mantic and adventurous, almost indis- creetly so. He was given to prowling in little-frequented quarters, arid every now and again he would get himself in trouble, which he enjoyed hugely. Moving along the sordid thorough- fare, his ever-curious eyes taking in its details, young Knibbs came at length to a house more rickety, if possible, than the rest, whose door was at that moment slowly opening. In the shadow he glimpsed white-stockinged ankles and slippers below a dark skirt. Knibbs was passing as the girl de- scended the steps. Her movements were so softly gliding as to be almost ethereal, and, visualizing her as emerg- ing from a haze, he recalled a famous picture of a wood nymph shrouded in twilight mist. At first her face was in- distinct, then suddenly he caught it, like a ray of light, and stood transfixed by its strange charm. And now he saw her quite unroman- tically catch the heel of one slipper on the edge of a step and reach wildly for support. This impulsive movement sent the other slipper flying through the air. It described a graceful arc and landed on the sidewalk. The girl sat down heavily. Fleming Knibbs congratulated him- self on this heaven-sent opportunity to acquaint himself with her, as he stooped and retrieved the itinerant slipper. He turned, smiling pleasantly. "Allow me," he said, and fitted it to her unshod foot. "Thank you." Her voice was drowsy, as though it were early morning and she had just arisen. He looked at her sharply. "You're not hurt?" "Not at all," she replied in the same monotone, getting to her feet. She was an extremely pretty girl, Knibbs noted again, and wondered at finding her in this contrasting environment. He fell in step beside her, inquiring meanwhile if he might escort her to her destina- tion. 61 