The Phantom Check 25 "there are trains running back to Chi- cago even from Wallula, I understand." "I didn't mean it that way, quite," Wines apologized hastily. "Of course we want you to go ahead in your own way." "Well, I will then. I've an idea, too. that Monday will see the end of this business." "Why do you say that?" Wines in- quired hopefully. "A thing or two I've run onto today. And that's about all I care to say about it now. Mr. Wines, I'm going to think this thing through, and I don't mind telling you that I've some things to think about." "You won't tell us what your opinion is now, I infer," the President remarked regretfully. The detective shook his head. "I don't like to make guesses," he replied. "If wrong, they only occasion regret, and if correct--well, sometimes they're premature." "Meaning that there might be a leak that would serve to warn the criminals ?" Cheever nodded. "An injudicious re- mark might ruin everything. I will say this, however, we're dealing with a mighty smooth article in the way of a crook." "I can believe that, at any rate," Wines assured him feelingly. "I'm going into retirement at some quiet hotel until Monday morning," Cheever informed him. "If we have luck, we'll plug the leak then. So long." IV At ten o'clock Monday morning, Cheever entered the bank and strolled over to the President's room. He found that gentleman in a fine fury. He was holding in his hand a copy of the Wallula Gateway, the only morning paper pub- lished in the city. "Look here, Mr. Cheever," and he laid his trembling finger on a front-page article. Cheever took the paper and calmly perused the article which under heavy caps hinted at certain mysterious losses suffered in the past week by the bank, ending with the information that the bank had secured the services of the great detective Cheever, who would ar- rive from Chicago on Tuesday to under- take an investigation of the affair. "Why the agitation, Mr. Wines'" the detective inquired mildly. "Why, they've given the criminal the very information that you insisted must be kept secret," Wines sputtered. "It simply lets the cat out of the bag." "Nay, rather spills the beans, Mr. Wines, only they're not our beans this time." "I don't understand how they got the information," Wines continued indig- nantly. "Well I do," Cheever grinned. "They got it from yours truly. x\nd now wait a minute, Mr. Wines, before you blow up. You'll notice that the paper says that I'll be on the job Tuesday. Well don't forget that this is merely Monday." A sudden light dawned on the banker at this point. "You're going to hurry up their final effort," he exclaimed. "I see it now." "Just so, Mr. Wines, and somebody's due to stub a toe in the rush." He passed on into the aisle behind the row of cages, and paused at the door of cage number one. "Same instructions as Saturday, Hackett, except bring all checks to me every fifteen minutes," he said in low tones, "but especially watch for any large checks drawing out entire accounts. Send any of that character to me at once. And keep up your courage, Hackett," he counselled the badly shaken teller. "I think this will be your last day on the grill." 