In Full Payment 103 the making of new ones, the going about to this house and that, the solid comfort of English life plus an income that was more than sufficient for his needs--all these were as balm to his hitherto lonely and harassed spirit. Then he married Lady Miriam Stone- wald and began a sojourn in a garden of sorrow. Who ever solved the riddle that was Miriam Stonewald? No one, I'll wager, unless it was a man or woman who could solve the mysteries of the sea. For, like the sea beside which she was bom, she was unfathomable, often unexpectedly kind, often senselessly cruel, and always inconstant as a sum- mer breeze. She was beautiful and she had wealth and a pretty taste in clothes. But, be- sides, she had charm and no one who ever came under its influence ever for- got her, ever quite ceased to be her slave. It is a mystery why she married Gregory Westlake. Certainly she did not love him. Nor was it his income that attracted her, since it totalled less than a fifth of her own. Perhaps it was as Lady Cooper put it, "Oh, West- lake just chanced to be around when the whim to marry seized dear Miriam." Stored up in Westlake's heart was all the love and affection accumulated by a man who has lived a lonely life in strange lands. All of it he lavished on his wife. He gave her himself wholly and for eternity. And the greater trag- edy was not that she refused his gift, but that she seemed unaware that it had been offered. A week after they were married she went her usual way -- a ceaseless round of receptions, dinners, dances--and her husband had become simply another of those possessions one has but doesn't think about. It was shortly after her return from the Glencairn shooting that she met an undersecretary at the Chinese Em- bassy, a certain Chu Kwong, who was greatly the rage because he could sing exotic love-songs to strange Chinese music. "Oh, do bring the dear child over and present him," she said to her host at the Spanish Ambassador's reception. Don Ruy Diaz laughed and sent one of his aides to fetch the good-looking young Chinaman. When Chu Kwong heard Lady Mir- iam's name he smiled pleasantly into her eyes. "Your father--perhaps he is Mr. Gregory Westlake?" he asked in his so-ft, almost feminine, voice. "That is my husband's name," Lady Miriam replied. Chu Kwong clasped his hands to- gether and bowed very low. "Then we should be friends, madam, since already I am your husband's friend." "You know my husband?" "Alas, no, madam," Chu Kwong an- swered. "Nevertheless I am his friend." And bowing again, he moved slowly away. Intrigued by his perfect self-posses- sion, his quaint manner, Lady Miriam determined to add Chu Kwong to the host of her admirers. It was not a difficult task. Chu Kwong was at the age of idealism when any pretty woman who will listen to a young man's hopes and aspirations is an angel in disguise. And Lady Mir- iam had the knack of listening. She let him come to tea and over the cups draw her a picture of a new China with himself in the foreground holding a very important position indeed. She let him bring her little presents--queer fans of sandalwood and ornaments of apple-green jade. It was her whim to captivate him and she gratified it. Chu Kwong's attitude toward West- 