The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh 55 surface car at the interurban station. He did not observe that a well-dressed young man--apparently young despite the snow-white streaks through his hair--who had been going in the opposite direction, wheeled suddenly about and swung aboard just as the car got into motion. Passengers were packed on the rear platform like proverbial sardines, and it might have easily been accidental that the young man lurched against John Lake just as the latter fished a hand- ful of small coins from his pocket to pay his fare. The money fell in a shower to the floor and Lake glanced back in anger. "I beg your pardon, sir," murmured the young man in polite accents as he stooped to aid in collecting the spill. "My fault," he added. "Mighty sorry; matter of fact, though it's a shame the way they pack the cars-- seven cent fare, too." Lake growled agreement on this point. "Fine weather, isn't it?" pursued the young man--he was perhaps in his middle thirties--in the trite manner of the man who wished to drum up a con- versation. Lake, ordinarily a friendly soul, was not in a conversational mood; he was on the point of turning his back coldly, when he saw that the stranger's eyes were feasting hungrily on the stick- pin ; his heart skipped a beat. "Yes," he agreed, "fine weather, in- deed. Live here?" The stranger nodded. "I was just noticing that pin in your tie," he broke out eagerly. "Reminds me of one I saw once in Europe--be- longed to a friend of mine; odd, isn't it?" "Yes," Lake laconically agreed; "I presume that it is a trifle unusual; sev- eral people have commented on it. I got it in a rather odd way, too." The other man waited. "Yes, bought it from a fellow who was down and out--got it rather cheap, but since I've had it I've become quite fond of it." "Oh," said the other in evident dis- appointment, "you wouldn't care to part with it then ?" "Probably not for what it's worth." "W-what do you consider it-- worth?" asked the white-haired young man. "I hadn't thought of pricing it; did you want to buy it?" "Well, frankly, yes; you see I don't care much for jewelry, but when I saw that pin--er--its counterpart in Eu- rope--I fell quite in love with it. I might be willing to pay your price. Name it." "I don't believe I'd care to part with it for less than five hundred--and that's more than it's worth, probably twice over." "I'll take it," replied the stranger with a contented sigh. "If you'll get off the car with me, we'll go to the bank and get the money." "Very well," agreed Dr. Lake. "What bank?" "The Liberty National." At the next block Dr. Lake and his companion left the car and Lake, sud- denly remembering that he must tele- phone that he would be late for an ap- pointment, hurried into a telephone booth at a corner drug store. He called the detective bureau and hastily ex- plained matters. When Dr. Lake and Justin Graham, as the young man had introduced him- self, reached the Liberty National, two plainclothes men met them at the en- trance. At a signal from Lake, they seized Graham's arms. "You are under arrest," one of them announced with proper official solem- nity. Young Graham's eyes widened and an unmistakable pallor crept into his cheeks. 