32 The Unbelievable in the superiority of the methods olyour own people. My brother happened to overhear the conversation. He repeated it to me. And I am here, Mr. Kee, to beg, to implore you to use those methods in which you believe to investigate this frightful crime which has drawn into its net someone whom I hold dear. You," her voice was tremulous with despair, "you are my last hope." For a little Song Kee remained silent, staring contemplatively at the floor. Then he rose and began to pace the room. "Miss Granger," he said at last, paus- ing before the woman whose eyes did not falter beneath his steady gaze. "In China men are taught to respect certain things as sacred. One of these is the faith of a good woman. I respect your faith in your fiance's innocence. I am inclined to do my small best to help you justify it. But tell me what it is that makes you so sure of Mr. Grover's in- nocence. As I recall the evidence brought out at the inquest, it was strongly against him." . With the Chinaman's words a gleam of hope had come to Sylvia Granger. She leaned forward eagerly. "I have no facts to justify my faith, Mr. Kee," she said, "but I have what is worth innumerable facts--my knowl- edge of the man I love. You have said, or implied, that I am a good woman. I believe--I hope I am. But this I know. I know that in my heart no man, were he ever so clever, could have reached the place George Grover holds were he ca- pable of imagining, let alone committing, the dastardly crime of which my fiance is accused." Song Kee had listened carefully to her. When she had finished he resumed his pacing to and fro, stopping from time to time before her and gazing down at her with unseeing eyes. He paused at last with the manner of one who has ar- rived at a decision. Sylvia Granger breathed -- "You will help me?" It was more a prayer than a question. Song Kee wrenched himself away from the thoughts which had absorbed him. "Yes," he said, "I will help you. But do not expect too much. All that I can do is to promise that I will look into this case as thoroughly as my poor abilities will permit." Sylvia Granger sprang to her feet. "Thank you! Thank you!" she cried. "And whether you succeed or whether you fail to save George, -please know that you will always have my gratitude and my friendship." "Which should be more than enough reward for any man," Song Kee said, smiling as he bowed her out of the room. III The man who left his rooms on a side street off Madison Avenue was a far different Song Kee from the quietly dressed, well-poised man of the world who had promised help to Sylvia Gran- ger at the Traveler an hour or so earlier. His clothes, his linen, his hat--a brown derby with an exceedingly curly brim-- were of the fashion of Broadway rather than of Fifth Avenue. His shoes were of a gorgeous tan, contrasting gaily with pale lavender socks. And in keeping with his clothes, the man himself had changed. The dignity which ordinarily characterized his man- ner and expression was gone. In its place was a sort of childishly good-na- tured meekness, not unattractive but in a way almost ridiculous. He hurried westward until he had crossed Eighth Avenue. Midway in the block he paused before the doorway of the-Branch Detective Bureau. He looked up at the lighted windows and smiled to himself. Not long ago when his study of American customs and methods had led to an examination of the Police System, he had been a familiar 