Two Bells 101 So Black Michael was dead, he mused, murdered-- At this juncture his eyes, involun- tarily lowered, were captured by a bright object on the floor. He stooped, picked it up and perceived that it was a small, curved blade--a murderous Malay knife that bore ugly stains. As he recognized it he felt a shock like nothing short of a volt of electricity-- for the weapon was his own, a relic of the days before the gray appeared among his dark hairs. There was a slim, dark-eyed Malay girl, down on the drowsy shores of the Archipelago where the restless surf drums to the tune of lawless love, and . . . But that, too, was an ancient tale, laid away in lavender with the other poignant recollections. She had given him the knife, this brown maid- en, as she lay dying in his arms, and it was the only tangible remembrance of a still smouldering passion. . . . - His face settled into sterner lines. This was undoubtedly the blade with which the incision was made. But how had it been obtained from his cabin and why was it used ? The most logical answer for both was: treachery. His first impulse was to wipe the soiled blade upon his handkerchief, but he refrained, for Cardigan and dis- cretion were synonymous. Blood-stains often proved incriminating. No, innocent though he was, he de- cided, he dared leave no evidence where it might be discovered and used against him. This weapon was sufficient proof that he had an enemy aboard. He first considered throwing the knife into the sea, but this proposed means of disposal he immediately dis- missed; he would sooner separate him- self from an arm than the weapon. He would hide it; there were many places on the ship where so small an object would never be found--and the place that appealed to him as one less fre- quented was the paint-locker. After covering the body with a sheet, he quitted the cabin, locked the door and made his way to the paint-locker. A moment later the Malay knife lay hidden behind a pile of cans and Car- digan went up on deck. An impalpable mist was drifting in from the dark waste of waters, smooth- ing out the sharp lines of the Libertine and giving to her the look of a phan- tom craft as she rode the steadily in- creasing swell, her lights burning haz- ily, like nebula-belted planets in the fog. Near the forward hatch Cardigan encountered Stearns, the midshipman, a sallow youth of twenty-one or less. "Go below and send the hands aft, Mr. Stearns," the mate ordered, "every man Jack of them. ..." Then he moved to the poop-deck where Bjorn- sen stood as one petrified at the wheel. "Bjornsen," he began, "the captain has been murdered, stabbed twice. I have sent for the crew to notify them. I'm in command now and I want your hearty support." The Norwegian nodded, his stolid face unaltered. Five minutes later the crew was as- sembled below the poop, a nervous, shuffling crowd, looking up with un- easy eyes at the first mate. Scum of the East and West they were, washed together on the tides of the Seven Seas. "Are they all here, Mr. Stearns?" inquired Cardigan of the midshipman, who was climbing to the poop-deck. "All but the cabin boy, sir; he's down in the fo'c's'le drunk as--" "I'll see him later," interposed the first mate. Then he cupped his hands about his mouth to make himself heard about the wind and sea.' "Men, I'll be brief. A crime has been committed aboard this brig. Just before six bells I was in the skipper's quarters--and 