Ananias Ltd. 25 rity in response to my first pointed question. "There isn't any mine. I don't sabe the game myself and I don't ask too many questions but I know that. Why, I wrote that pros- pectus myself and it's a dandy, if I do say it. I'm drawing down good money as a coach for the young man because he's never even seen a gold mine. Out- side of that he don't need any help from me. Why, Guernsey, this Cryder is such a magnificent liar that he makes me ashamed of myself. Sometimes when he's talking for effect I can just see that old Hectopus mine, with men shoveling out gold, big moun- tains all around and the thriving city that's springing up there in the wilderness. Honest, it is a pretty picture that forms while he's talk- ing." "But the samples," I asked. "Where does he get his samples--his nuggets and gold dust, and so on?" "Oh, those things," Garrity an- swered with a laugh. "Why, he bought those nugget pins and cuff buttons in Seattle. They're quite common out there--made out of Alas- kan gold. I bought the gold dust right here in town, and to make it look proper I sent West for some black sand that the gold is usually found in a placer diggings. That's easy enough to find but there isn't usually more than a trace of gold in it. All I did was mix some dust and small nuggets in with the sand and wre had the raw product 'fresh from the Hectopus,' as Cryder says. "It's been funny, Guernsey," he concluded. "It's been good fun and good pay too, but I suppose it's all over now. Say, isn't there any chance to save the young fellow from going to the pen? He's a helluva good scout." Garrity really seemed to be in earnest about this end of the matter and I was puzzled. Sentiment was a new quality in Dick. "But why did he do it?" I asked. "What's behind it all?" "Broke, they say," said Gafrity. "But damned if I know really what it is all about. He seems to have plenty of money. That dividend was his own idea, and he paid out over $10,000 in cash on it without turning a hair. For a guy who's broke, he's about the nerviest gambler I've ever struck because we did not need to pay that dividend a-tall. 'I just want to show them how good this mine really is,' he says to me, with a twinkle in his eye. And all I could do was just set there and stare at him with my mouth open. "Why, if this was my deal, Guernsey, and I had this guy for a 'dummy' president, I could clean up a hundred thousand here in a month and beat it for Russia or Bones Airs or some place where even you couldn't get me. But this Cryder fellow--why, he seems to get all het up every time anybody tries to buy some stock and spends more time tell- ing the suckers he's already landed what a great mine it is, than he does figuring out where the money for the next dividend is coming from." "Is he going to pay another?" I asked, startled, for this was news to me. "He sure is. It's already announced for October--that's six weeks from now, and I happen to know that there isn't money enough in our account to more than half meet it." "Then you--think--" I ventured. "Look here, Guernsey," said Gar- rity, reaching over and laying his hand on my knee. "I've come clean on this and I'll go further. I know some other things that you'd like to know--things that would help you a lot in Washington. Isn't there some 