The Finger of Guilt By J. J. Stagg I THERE was, at the time, an epi- demic of jewelry robberies. The pestilence had attacked Sco- field's six times in four months; but the disease never "took." The six hold-ups failed and in every instance the robbers were caught. Scofield's had a system of locks and alarms that appeared to be unbeatable. Then along came Judson Farris. Scofield's occupies the ground floor of a building on Maiden Lane. The store takes care of the retail business. To the rear of the store is a private office in which Mr. Scofield himself sells jewelry at wholesale; he also serves his more extravagant retail clients. Judson Farris entered the shop, handed a letter to one of the clerks and asked that it be delivered to Mr. Sco- field. The clerk walked to the rear of the store and entered the private office. A few minutes later he returned and announced that Mr. Scofield would see Mr. Farris at once. Farris stepped into the private office, and as he closed the door, he noted absently that there was a latch attached to it. The latch was unique in appear- ance. It looked somewhat like the disc of a safe. When the mechanism was set, it was necessary only to close the door in order to destroy the combina- tion. The door could then be opened only if the brass knob on the latch was turned and twisted in a certain way. To be sure, the combination was a simple one. Mr. Scofield, when ushering a person out of the room, could manipu- late the latch so speedily that the client seldom became aware that he had been locked in. Farris, however, was little concerned with locks. He appeared to be quite indifferent to his surroundings. Such indifference was easy to affect, for the room was so sparsely furnished that everything could be taken in at a single glance. Running parallel with the front wall was a low mahogany counter which divided the room approximately in half. In the space before the counter were three chairs; behind the counter were two flat-top desks. Two vaults were built into the rear wall. Scofield, who had been seated at one of the desks, came forward to the counter and stretched out a hand in greeting. He said he was always glad to be of service to any of Mr. Moffat's friends. (Scofield was a member of the yacht club of which Moffat was presi- dent ; it was Moffat who had written the letter of introduction for Farris.) Farris said he wanted to buy a laval- liere. Scofield inquired as to the amount Farris wished to spend and Farris replied he didn't care to go over ten thousand. Scofield went into the right vault, the door to which was open. The walls of the vault were lined with small drawers. Scofield pulled out two of the drawers. As he returned to the office, he glared frankly at Farris, who had half-turned and was looking up at a picture. Scofield considered himself a shrewd judge of character. Farris was a tall, well-groomed man with a collar-ad face. 19 