78 The Woman Who Cursed a Man by experience to keep their distance. In the servants' quarters it was hinted that at such times Madame's unstrung nerves drove her almost mad. Add to this that on the night of the murder there had been no moon and that the street lights in the vicinity had been put out of commission as a result of the storm of the day previous and you have the story in a nutshell. II The career of Madame Blavsky had been a spectacular one. Whence she came no one knew. Reams of specula- tion had been written--speculation pure and simple--for Madame was decidedly reticent in regard to her past. All the press and public knew was that she had suddenly appeared in the offices of Rich- ard Raine, Broadway's most successful producer--a rarely beautiful woman of almost middle age with the face and figure of a queen--and demanded a try- out in the Shakespearian revival he was planning. Something about her caused the busy man to accede to her demands. Two hours later he, the best judge of things theatrical in America, had pro- claimed her the most wonderful trage- dienne of modern times and had signed a contract with her at her own terms. A month later her fame had spread to the ends of the earth. Then came ten years of stardom. A nervous breakdown was followed by permanent retirement. For two years she had lived a sequestered life, refusing to see even the friends of her former life, denying herself to all. Possessing more than the usual artis- tic temperament, the house which she had purchased in which to spend her declining years was one which reflected the strange, odd character of its mis- tress. Erected prior to the Revolution, it was set in the midst of spacious grounds surrounded by an ancient iron picket fence and almost hidden by trees. It had once been pretentious, but decay had claimed it for many years. Two stories in height, its deep, narrow win- dows heavily shuttered, over its sides a tenacious ivy plant climbing almost to the tottering tower, it seemed to be slowly mouldering into nothingness. Yet withal it possessed an air of mys- tery and silence which appealed to the world-weary heart of Madame Blavsky and she had bought it on sight. The ex- terior remained unchanged. The in- terior, save for the installation of mod- ern furniture and conveniences, was as it had always been--dark and gloomy-- charged with mystery and the flavor of hidden panels, of romance and tragedy. III The day after the funeral of Madame Blavsky, Richard Raine went into vol- untary bankruptcy. On the day follow- ing, Amos Spaulding, the well-known attorney, notified the officials that the last will and testament of the murdered woman was in his possession. Impor- tant litigation in another state had taken him from the city. He had been too busy to read the papers. Upon his re- turn he had learned of his client's tragic death and was ready to assist in bring- ing the assassin to justice in any way possible. In the presence of a dozen police offi- cials and reporters the will was opened and read. Drawn up a scant three months before and witnessed by three attaches of Spaulding's office, it was a brief document. Its preamble stated that the Madame was possessed of no kin of any kind. The servants were re- membered with small bequests amount- ing to perhaps ten thousand dollars. The remainder of the estate, which the testatrix estimated at nearly half a million dollars in money and jewels, was left to Richard Raine, her former manager. 