The Georgetown Mystery 53 " 'Are you mad ?' I asked. " 'I guess so, Helen,' he said. 'Mad with love of you. Hurry, Helen, for we are going away to happiness.' That is just the way he put it." Again she paused, and her eyes fell to the floor. She presented a sad pic- ture, as she struggled to repress her emotion. "I finally got the straight of it. Af- ter the first note he had s, sent me an- other, proposing that we go away to- gether. It did not come until the next day--he had taken the precaution to mail it in another town. He pleaded I should go anyway because of his love for me, and--and would not leave. He tried to take me in his arms. I ran up- stairs to escape him, and he started to follow. "Then I heard a car in the drive and --and I knew Mr. Lewis had come home. It was a terrible moment. I stopped on the stairs and begged Mr. Harley to go. Finally he seemed to comprehend the situation and turned to go down the stairs. "But it was too late. The car stopped outside the garage and it seemed only a second before I heard Mr. Lewis on the rear porch. Mr. Harley had taken only two or three steps when Mr. Lewis opened the kitchen door. He came in quickly, wondering, I suppose, why there was a light in the hall. Maybe he heard us. "Mr. Harley started to run for the front door. A rug slipped under him and he fell, striking his head on the floor. His neck must have been broken that way. I darted on upstairs. I did not dare stop. I hurried into my room and lay down. Then in a minute I heard a gasp from Mr. Lewis and-- and a dull sound. I waited for perhaps thirty minutes, not know- ing what to do. At last I crept down- stairs. "The hall light had been jostled out. I stumbled over something. I found the light and turned it on. Mr. Lewis' body lay over Mr. Harley's. I sup- pose Mr. Lewis had died from the shock, an act of providence." The tears welled in her eyes. "That's about all of the story," she sobbed. "Except, that after I had stared at them in dumb agony for what seemed an age, I came to realize they must not be found here. Frantically I paced up and down the hall, not know- ing what to do. Then a heaven-sent idea came to me. "I carried Mr. Lewis out and placed him in his car, just as he was found next morning. Then I half carried, half dragged Mr. Harley to the com- mon, dodging in and out of the shad- ows. It was a moonlight night, and it seemed to me a thousand pairs of eyes were watching from each window. He was heavy, but I did not seem to notice that. My muscles were deadened with fear. Then I stole home to my misery like a hunted animal." She lay back against the divan, ut- terly weary and almost limp from her recital. "But what of the money?" Dorgan managed to ask. "That's another miserable part of it," she faltered. "Of course he took it-- to go away on. I noticed it in his pock- et, it made such a bulge. Something told me it was not his, and I felt I owed it to him to protect his name, when it was partly my fault that he did such a wild thing. So I took it. I remembered what he had told me about his sis- ter. He had given me her address so that I might get in touch with her should anything happen to him. So I sent it to her. I went to Cincinnati per- sonally and told the bank there to send it on, saying that it came from a bank in Ohio. "That is all, Will. What is to become of me ? Am I damned forever ?" The 