The Failure By Harold Ward AMOS DUNCAN paused for a second beside the time clock in the hallway just outside the offices of Carney &amp; Kirk. Then, his heart beating like a trip hammer, he mustered up courage enough to push open the swinging doors and peep into the gloomy interior. He was frightened--scared to the point of hysteria. Yet for thirty years he had stopped in that selfsame place in the hallway morning and noon on his way to work. For thirty years, fifty- two weeks in the year, six days a week and twice each day had he sought his number on the time clock and pushed the button which registered his comings and his departures. Instinctively--for figures were one of his hobbies--he made the calculation in his head: Eighteen thousand, seven hundred and twenty times had he pushed his way through those doors. And never before--except possibly the first time when he had applied for a place with the firm--had he been as frightened as he was now. For this was the first time he had ever come to rob! Getting a grip on himself, he entered the big office on tiptoe--an office cover- ing nearly one-fourth of a city block-- yet he knew that old Bill Judkins, the watchman, would be making his rounds out in the factory at that particular hour. It was a part of his daily work to check up the dial on the night watch- man's clock; he knew that the old man traveled as true to schedule as a mail train. He halted just inside the doors and listened, his eyes taking in every one of the familiar details. From where Kei stood he could discern the dark shapes of row after row of desks, each identi- cal in size and finish with its mates. Around two sides of the big room were innumerable cubby holes of offices di- vided from each other by ground glass partitions extending two-thirds of the way to the ceiling. During working hours they housed the elite of the office world--the men and women who had pushed their heads above those of their fellows. His own desk was second from the front in the second row from the right just inside the cashier's cage--a huge affair of wire netting and glass. It gave him renewed courage for the task ahead as he gazed upon its outlines staring at him out of the darkness. For twenty- seven years--since the day of his pro- motion from the office boy ranks--he had occupied that desk, or one like it, in Carney &amp; Kirk's office, giving to Car- ney &amp; Kirk the best of his manhood for starvation wages and two weeks' vaca- tion yearly on pay. Others had gone over his head--scores of them--men no better fitted than he--young cubs with "pull" or a college education. He had long since given up hopes of promotion. He had reached the point where he was a mere cog in the machine--a fizzle and a failure. In ninety-nine cases out of every hundred when a man goes wrong a woman is responsible. In Amos Dun- can's case the woman was--Mrs. Amos Duncan! A downtrodden cog in an office ma- chine--a man with little force of char- acter in the beginning--henpecked at 72 