In Full Payment By John B. Hart I CHU KWONG listened respect- fully to the words of his father. "My son," the old man be- gan,' "it is written in the books of great wisdom that a son gains virtue who pays his father's debts. Harken, then, to the story I shall tell you. Thus knowing your father's debt, it may chance that you can pay it in the land of the white barbarians whither you go in the train of my most honorable and elder brother, Fong Su." The old man pulled gently at his pipe, watching the thin, spiral of smoke as- cend toward the cloud-flecked sky. He was silent until recalled to the present by the discreet cough of Chu Kwong. He continued: "It happened in the days before this disease called Democracy descended upon the Middle Kingdom, and the Daughter of Heaven still graced the golden throne. "It was my task to administer justice in the city of T'sen Pi'en. One day there were led before me five evil men who had brought great pain to the hon- est citizens by their robberies and their murders. I listened to the stories against them, and because they seemed to be true stories I sentenced them to be flogged and then hung. "But in the night they escaped from their jail and, coming to my house, sought revenge upon me for having passed just sentence. And they would have succeeded in their evil purpose had it not been for a certain white bar- barian who was my guest. With the aid of his weapons, he fought against them, killing four and wounding the fifth. "Strange are the ways of these white barbarians. This man who had saved my life would accept neither gold nor presents of any kind. Therefore I am in his debt, which is a burdensome state to an honest man. "Before leaving my house, this man presented me with this card, which bears his likeness and his name written in a strange hand. Take it with you, so that should he cross your path you may know him and perchance befriend him as he befriended your father." Chu Kwong bowed low and prepared to withdraw. But his father stopped him, saying: "One other thing, my son. In this land to which you go there is a dog of a Cantonese to whom I lent some hun- dreds of taels. He has not returned them. It is also written that a son gains virtue who collects all that is owing to his father. It may be that from this Li Sing there will be no money forth- coming. But a man can pay in other ways. Now you may retire." II When he was just past forty, Greg- ory Westlake came into his inheritance. He returned to London after a career of hardship and adventure pursued in many lands. He settled down in his father's house and prepared to enjoy himself. And for a season he did enjoy him- self. The renewal of old friendships, 102 