58 The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh "I hadn't bargained for anything like this and, to be frank, I was very much afraid--afraid of an unknown some- thing that I could not see. I imagine that I screamed in my fright, but he only laughed at me. " 'Shout all you want,' he said; 'no one can hear you.' "Then he took off the bandages. The room was in semi-darkness, lighted only by two flickering candles and, for a moment, I could not make things out clearly. You know what I saw--those railroad cars, looming up in the gloom and the candlelight shining on those points which stuck out from the end of each car. I was tied, standing up- right, in the middle of the track. I couldn't move, for the rope about my neck kept me in one position. " 'Great God !' I shouted. 'What are you going to do to me ?' " 'I am going to kill you,' he said. 'Oh, come, my young friend; you were willing enough to die yesterday. I am cheating you of nothing; you will get the five thousand dollars--and death. " 'Perhaps you realize what will hap- pen,' he went on. 'Those steel cars will move toward you at the rate of one foot per minute; in fifteen minutes those steel points will prick your flesh and then--they will slowly, slowly--Ha! I see you undersand--' "He was right; I did understand. I won't burden you gentlemen with the horrors of it. I won't try to tell you the torment that was mine--I couldn't and I don't like to think of it. I-- sometimes I dream of it now; it's hell! "I begged him to shoot me--anything. I knew that he was a madman--some impossible creature in real life stepped right out from a page of Poe. As I begged for mercy he snapped on the electric switch and I could see those cars vibrate a little; they seemed to leap toward me. "He left the room without a word, leaving me there with that devilish death trap, as ingenious a thing of tor- ture as the 'Pit and the Pendulum.' "It could not have been long, but it seemed like hours. At last those cars were close enough that, had my arms been free, I could have reached out and touched them. I began to pray and as I prayed I strained at my bonds until the rope cut into my wrists and into the flesh of my neck. I was slowly chok- ing myself to death and, just as I was losing consciousness, I had the sensa- tion of falling. Suddenly the breath rushed back into my bursting lungs and the blackness before my eyes cleared. I had, indeed, fallen; the rope from the ceiling must have been very rotten for it had parted under the strain. The weight of my body had smashed in one of those fiendish make-believe cars. "Something pricked my wrists; it was a nail and I patiently worked away, severing strand after strand, until my numbed arms were free. It was then but the matter of a moment to loosen the knots which bound my anldes. "There isn't much more to tell, gen- tlemen; I--" "But Dr. Waugh--" eagerly broke in John Lake. "How did he--" Young Graham smiled shrewdly. "Oh, yes, I'm getting to that, doctor. When I slipped out of the house. Dr. Waugh was sitting in his limousine, calmly smoking and--reading! In a sudden burst of anger, I made up my mind to kill him!" "Ah!" breathed the Chief of Detec- tives; "so you admit--" "That I killed him? Indeed, no, Chief," denied Justin Graham. "I-- er--changed my mind. "The door of the limousine was open and I slipped across the grass and had seized him before he knew it. Even as my fingers were about his throat I re- alized that he must be an irresponsible lunatic and that there could be no jus- 