The Unbelievable 29 accompanied by a uniformed policeman, George Grover entered. He was a young man of rather pleasing demeanor, care- fully but quietly dressed. In normal circumstances he would have passed any- where without causing remark. Now his face was pale and his eyes gleamed with a feverish excitement. His suppressed emotion gave to his not distinctive fea- tures an expression interesting and at the same time provocative of sympathy. As he took the witness stand a woman in the rear of the court-room cried out faintly. He gave his testimony in a quiet, sub- dued manner, speaking without emphasis or intonation like a man talking in his sleep. After answering the usual formal questions as to name, address and occu- pation, which last he gave as student of Oriental languages, he said that on the night of Miss Grenville's rnurder he had gone down the stairs from the fifth floor to the fourth of the hotel to keep an appointment he had had in the apart- ment of Mr. Sito Okawa, an attache of the Japanese embassy. Mr. Okawa had promised to lend him a book on certain Japanese myths. Yes, he had seen Miss Grenville arid had bowed to her. "What happened then?" the coroner asked. "I passed her." The coroner smiled incredulously. "You passed her?" "Yes, I passed her. I had just taken a * step or two when she cried out. Before I could turn she had fallen to the floor. She was dead." The coroner hesitated a moment, re- garding Grover steadily before he asked his next question. "Did you touch the dagger with which she was stabbed?" Grover shuddered. "I did not," he stated in the most im- pressive tone he had used thus far. "Then how," the coroner leaned far over the desk to ask the question, "do you account for the undeniable fact that your finger-prints are on the handle of the dagger?" With bated breath the occupants of the court-room awaited his reply. It came in a low, despairing voice. "I cannot account for it," the witness answered. The coroner leaned back in his chair. When he spoke again it was almost in- differently, as though he were asking the question as a matter of form. "Had you and the deceased quar- reled?" The witness shook his head. "Quarreled, no," he answered. "Once I ventured to suggest to Miss Grenville that she was ruining herself by the kind of life she was leading. She resented what she called my interference and told me that she did not want to see me again." Slowly, almost languidly, he left the witness stand. One more witness remained to be ex- amined. This was the Mr. Sito Okawa with whom Grover claimed to have had an appointment. He was a short, dapper Japanese of the extremely intelligent type, suave, polite to the verge of the ridiculous. After bowing low to the court and to the jury he took the witness stand. He stated that on the night of the murder he had indeed had an appointment with Mr. Grover. To the best of his belief, however, the time when they were to have met in his rooms had been eight- fifteen rather than seven-fifteen. Then the coroner sent the jury to their deliberations. These did not con- sume a great deal of time. In less than five minutes the twelve men were back in their places, the foreman ready to recite their verdict. It was what everyone had expected. Irene Grenville had come to her death from the blow of a dagger driven into her heart by one George Grover, whom they recommended should 