112 After Midnight "Arthur Lannen, don't you know me ?" "Why--Why--" the vague some- thing which had disturbed Lannen resolved itself into a memory. The memory of a pink-cheeked, red-haired lad, with a sunny smile, an almost cherubic cast of countenance. He gave a gasp. "Charlie Moore --not--Charlie Moore?" "Yes!" "Louise's brother! But why--?" An automobile came into the drive- way, stopped with a noisy purr of the engine. Some men alighted, then the door bell gave a metallic clatter. The boy clutched Lannen's arm. "For God's sake, keep me out of this!" he cried. "I'll explain later." Before the lawyer could answer he had disappeared behind the satin draperies. IV Lannen opened the door before the servant reached it. The inspector, followed by his medical examiner and a couple of officers, strode into the hallway. "Well, what's the dope?" the in- spector asked abruptly. He was a large man with a twenty- four hours' crop of blue black beard; his eyes were dark and very keen. He wore horn rimmed spectacles which he kept constantly removing and polishing. Lannen knew that in that brief second's survey of the room he had noticed the almost imperceptible swaying of the curtains as they fell together behind Charlie Moore. "You called me?" the inspector continued, not waiting for his ques- tion to be answered. "Yes." "Where's Willoughby?" The doc- tor was well known on the Island. "Outside. A dead man was found on the grounds. Some sneak thief or hobo evidently. We thought it best to send for you. It may be heart- failure. It may be murder." "Alright. Take me to him." As they stepped outside, Lannen realized that morning had arrived. In the hazy light he saw Dr. Wil- loughby seated on a stone bench, his shaggy bearded chin cupped in his hand, as he stared with evident inter- est at the huddled splotch on the ground before him. The servants had grouped themselves some little dis- tance away, evidently discussing the gruesome event; but at the sight of the officers they hushed abruptly. Lannen glanced quickly at the hy- drant. It was open, a slow trickle of water resolved itself into a little rivulet below it, and wended away into a tiny stream toward the green- houses a trifle below it. Willoughby rose leisurely at their appearance and extended his hand to the -inspector. "Mr. Dwyer," he said, "I'm Dr. Willoughby; this is my home--it's unfortunate--" "Yes, I know Doctor--" Dwyer interrupted. "The man's dead al- right. You don't know him, do you ?" Willoughby shook his head. "No ; seems to be a hobo, doesn't he? I fancy he died of heart failure, but I'd rather your examiner passed upon the case. I don't think it advisable for you to depend solely upon my de- cision. It's awkward happening on my grounds, you know." He spoke easily. All traces of the strain of the evening before seemed to have vanished. The examiner knelt on the damp ground and took a brief survey of the body. "No indication of foul play?" he said. 