114 Fit for a King in the second one he says that he feels sure that if I had been on the job he would have been perfectly safe. Of course that is more of a com- pliment, like some kings like to make, than anything else, because this king never saw the "Aerie." He got too busy with a war they were having over in Europe and had to cancel his acceptance of Jim Plain- field's invitation. Jim Plainfield, him- self, got pretty busy in that same war in the shipping end of it, and I guess he and all the rest of the world would have pretty nearly forgotten all about the "Aerie" if a newspaper- man in Seattle hadn't assembled a lot of facts and strung them together in a sensational story he called "The House of Fatal Mystery" which was copied all over the country. That was the way I got in on it. The big chiefs in Washington read it and, as it was in our territory, we got orders to look into the matter, and it surely did seem serious and mysterious enough for somebody to look into. It seems that in six months no less than four men, who were last seen in the neighborhood of the "Aerie," had disappeared off the face of the earth. More than that, two women, who couldn't tell what had happened to them or the missing men they had ac- companied to the House on the Cliff, had been found exhausted and more than half crazy in the big woods that the placp on three sides surround. It was a House of Mystery all right, but as fine a structure as you ever saw. Plainfield had given orders that it was to be "fit for a king"-- and it was in more ways than one. It was a sort of glorified log-cabin, something like what I understand they call chalets or hunting lodges in Europe, but I don't believe there is one in Europe like this House on the Cliff. Jim Plainfield, as I said, had been a common sailor, but he had a soul far above tar and ropes and can- vas. He had roamed the far seas and seen a lot. He had studied a lot. And, when the riches came, he kept on traveling and seeing and reading. He loved the sea and his big yacht, the Fir, was a common sight on every ocean. It was in this way he met the king. I never knew the exact details, but I believe he saved the king's life or something like that during a yacht club regatta. At any rate, their friend- ship became common knowledge, and when the king planned a visit to America it was common gossip that he would be Plainfield's guest when he reached the Coast. Plainfield was always a very busy man and depended for details a great deal upon subordinates who had been with him for years, in most cases. So even in so important a matter as the building of this house for a king he only went as far as drawing the plans and giving directions for the furnish- ings. The actual superintendence of the thing, we learned, had been left to a man named Harry Stanwood, who had been steward of the big yacht, valet to Plainfield and generally his man of affairs in minor business and quite largely in social matters. So, while the boss planned the house, it was really Stanwood who built it and had it all ready with every convenience to receive a king, and it was some job, too, out in that wilder- ness. Materials had to be hauled for miles and labor was very scarce. Stanwood, who was something of a mechanic, had to do a good deal of the work himself, but he had plenty of time, so it did not make a great deal of difference. He was a most interesting sort of character. We found out all about 