The Brand of Cain By Ward Sterling I DOCTOR ANDREWS, the phy- sician who had been called in by the coroner, gave as his opinion that Waldo Fellows had met death shortly after midnight. The condition of the body, he said, proved his contention. Then, too, the fact that the blood with which the sheets were smeared had dried and hard- ened caused him to stick to his state- ment. Yet Orville Hitchens, Fellows' secre- tary, swore that his employer had been alive and well at two o'clock in the morning. Hitchens stated that he had been sum- moned by Fellows at one o'clock and requested to drive to Amboy, two miles away, for some bromide. Mr. Fellows had been extremely nervous of late and found himself unable to sleep. Finding that he had no bromide--a drug that he was accustomed to taking--he had awakened the secretary. Hitchens as- serted that he had taken the light car, made the trip and returned just before the clock struck two. Fellows had taken a dose of the drug and Hitchens had again retired. Henry Phelps, the drug clerk, verified Hitchens' statement as to the purchase of the bromide, while Landes, the chauffeur, told of getting out the light car for the secretary, who had driven it himself. In spite of this Doctor Andrews stuck to his statement that the murdered man had been dead at least ten hours when he made his examination. Swenson, the valet, had discovered the murder when he went to awaken his master at eight o'clock. It was nearly ten o'clock when Coro- ner Stevenson arrived, accompanied by Doctor Andrews and Bram Dwyer, the New York detective, who, with myself, wasf spending a few days' vacation in the little village. The prominence of the murdered man, coupled with the fact that the detective and Stevanson were old friends, caused the New Yorker to interest himself in the case at the latter's request. Fellows was a gentleman farmer--a man worth several millions of dollars made in Wall Street, who, tired of life in the city, had purchased Samoset Farm just at the edge of Amboy town- ship and, after stocking it with the finest blooded cattle and horses that money could buy, had settled down to a life of rustic bliss. As time passed he had added to his acreage by purchasing ad- joining farms until half the township was his. He had erected a mansion around which he had built smaller homes for his employes. These with the great barns, sheds for the machinery, dairy and offices made Samoset Farm almost a small town. Such a man as Waldo Fellows set down in the midst of a rural community is bound to be sought out by his fellow- men. Twice he had reluctantly allowed himself to represent his district in the State Legislature. The Governor's chair could have been his for the asking. His fellow-townsmen loved him for the no- bility of his character. Yet he had ene- mies by the score--many of them the small landowners whose farms sur- 91 