68 The Campaign for Vengeance some two weeks, he made her his private secretary. So began the maelstrom of incidents which was to sweep the lovely Rita into the net of the most powerful crime- organization in the city. VI The Bradshaw Mines Co., so Rita learned, had gone into the business three months before she entered into the em- ployment of the firm. On the strength of a preliminary report by experts that the company actually owned mines in Mexico and that the mines actually held silver, Bradshaw sold stock. Then, after Rita was private secre- tary, she inadvertently opened a letter addressed to Bradshaw and marked per- sonal. This letter was the final report of the experts. It informed Bradshaw that it was hardly worth while to push his project siiice the value of the silver deposits in his mines could not possibly exceed ten thousand dollars. And Rita knew that over eighty thousand dollars' worth of stocks and shares had already been sold. Bradshaw was not in the least discon- certed by the fact that she had read the discouraging report. He shrugged his shoulders, put the letter into his safe and remarked to her, "Well, that needn't worry us any. We'll go right ahead." And he did. Thus was Rudie Breen's shrewd guess as to Bradshaw's character verified. Now, all of Rita's actions thus far, had been merely a blind groping stum- ble along a path which she felt instinc- tively would lead eventually to the com- panionship of rfien and women who would not be strangers to The Mogul. The .hit-and-miss method was necessary since she knew of no direct connections. For the present, the important thing was to become involved in criminal acts and to get an unsavory reputation. If she could not seek The Mogul, she could at least make it worth while for him to seek her. As to Bradshaw, she had no scruples about ruining him. He was a crook and a good share of his money was coming from women who may have been widows. She therefore took Rudie Breen into her confidence and invited him to join her in forcing Bradshaw into a position where he'd have to pay for their silence. "If we can get his book of accounts showing that over one hundred thou- sand dollars worth of shares have been sold," she told Rudie, "and if we can get that letter from the experts, he'll have to come across, or beat it, and he doesn't want to do that, at least for a while. Business is still good. He's been using the mails to carry his advertising matter--that makes it a federal offense." "Well--I never sneeze at money. And I still owe you for--" "Bradshaw keeps his account books and that tell-tale letter in his safe. That's where you might--" "What's the model?" "Illington." "Illington ! Keeps his papers in an old ash can like the Illington? There ain't a respectable crook in the business couldn't open that safe in twenty minutes." "Soup?" "Not for the Illington. I'll solve the combination. ..." Five nights later, they made the at- tempt. Bradshaw had inaugurated a follow-up campaign and worked after hours with Rita, dictating letters to prospects in the sucker class. Rita supped from six to seven; then Brad- shaw went out for an hour, so that Rita was alone in the office from seven to eight. And before eight, persons could still enter the Trinidad Building with- out registering in the hall-book. Rita waited till Bradshaw had been 