54 The Mystery of the One-Legged Man all men go who lift their hands against the holy gods! Fellows closed the book and threw it aside. "A mad man!" I whispered. "A religious fanatic of the worst type," Fellows answered. "I think I can piece his story together. He be- came enamored with native life and probably fell into the hands of the priests. Or perhaps a woman led him to the native shrines. And their damn- able religion got into his blood and drove him mad." Smithers scratched his head. "But what made him kill?" "Because his victims were the ene- mies of his religion. All four of them knew the evil practices of his cult; knew how his. priests were holding back the people of India. With their best efforts and their money, here in England, they were fighting the battles of their dark-skinned brothers thou- sands of miles away." "Now will you tell us how you found this fellow out?" The question came from Inspector Grant. Fellows nodded and began. "There was one thing that bothered me from the time Wonderly entered the room upstairs. And that was his explanation for not hearing Parking- ton's cry and the ensuing commotion which I and the rest of us must have made. "You remember he said that he was totally deaf in the right ear. That would have been all right had I not happened to remember that I sat on his right side at dinner tonight and once spoke to him in a voice barely above a whisper in his right ear. And he heard perfectly. "My first idea was that the man was a coward and had stayed in his room because he had been afraid to come out and see what all the noise was about. I held to that opinion until we had come downstairs and I left you to wander about the garden. "When I went outside, my first im- pulse was to take a lantern and examine the famous foot-prints. I did so and traced them as you did down to the stone road. Then I came back to the house and began to wander aimlessly about the other side of it. "I ended up a few yards away from Wonderly's window. Happening to glance downward, I saw something that sent the blood racing through my veins. There on the ground before me in a soft spot on the gravel were another set of foot-prints. And these were of a man with two legs wearing shoes that seemed to correspond to the single shoe worn by the man - with one leg. "I raced around to the other side of the house and verified my suspicion. Then I went back to my find. "I took the direction the prints pointed out and followed it slowly, my lantern close to the ground. A ways farther on I found another set of prints and so on cery little while I found them until I had made a wide detour and was out on the stone road where the murderer's prints began and ended. "At first I did not realize the signifi- cance of what I had discovered. Then it suddenly came to me that a man could easily leave the foot-prints of a one-legged man if in walking he used a stilt or some such device. Also I recalled that the new prints had begun at Wonderley's window. Then I knew why he hadn't joined us in Parking- ton's roofn sooner. It was because he was probably in hiding somewhere at the other side of the house waiting for a chance to slip back into his room after having murdered my friend and left those bewildering prints. "I came back to the house, crept up- stairs and went through his things. You know what I found and what hap- pened after that." 