The Campaign for Vengeance 85 The Mogul--he must be The Mogul-- but if that was the case . . . "You killed Jimmy !" she screamed. "And I've got you at last! I've got you!"--she ran to the table and pounded upon it . . . she felt faint . . . where--where was Al ?--dear old Al-- If this description of Rita's imme- diate reaction is a bit incoherent, it is because her thoughts and acts were in- coherent. Frenzy, exhilaration, amaze- ment, cold dread, rage, bewilderment, all these sensations were hers. Then, collapse--Nature's method of procuring a period of rest for an exhausted body and mind. When she recovered, she found her- self being supported by Rudie Breen. "If you don't mind, Chief," Rudie was saying, "I'll stand. She can have my chair." No objection was raised. Rudie Breen led her to the seat he had occupied. The man at the table turned to Rita. "This room is practically sound proof," he said. "You may scream to your heart's delight." Then addressing the men, "I have called you together to con- sider the case of Miss Marguerite Cornell, sister of Captain James Cornell of - whose--disposal--you are all ac- quainted. Miss Cornell is responsible for the arrest of Iglano, Geiger and Ashley; she worked in conjunction with Sergeant Nevins." He paused. "If--if Miss Cornell were a--man--the matter would, of course, be -simple. But both because of her sex and her evident connection with the police, I have called you in conference, as I did when the fate of her brother was agreed upon. Miss Cornell must, in some manner be--re- moved--or eliminated as a factor in the war being waged against us by the authorities." The Chief paused and calmly lighted a cigar. "A few months ago," spoke up Wortz, "I volunteered my services as-- eliminator. But, of course, if you're against hurting a woman--" "I am against nothing. If a majority decides in favor of--blotting her out-- so be it. I insist only upon a safe method." Frank Yost, leader of the dips, put in a word. Yost, it must be said, had been out of town the greater part of the last six months; he was not "up" on all the incidents of Rita's career. "Who got this girl in with--?" "I did," interrupted Rudie Breen. "You're some fathead, I'll chirp," said Yost. Breen disregarded the comment. Slowly he turned his head to Rita. And looking up, she saw his eyes half-close and his lips twitch into a faint, brief smile. And after that, somehow, she was certain, absolutely certain that she had one friend in the crowd. "The blame isn't Rudie Breen's," explained the Chief. "For your benefit, Yost, and also for the girl's--I take it she's interested--I'll clean up the details of her 'breaking in' with us. "A few weeks after we settled James Cornell, there was a raid on the Bird's- Eye. Rudie Breen had struck up a chance friendship with this girl, who was in the hall and who passed under the name of Rita Daly. While the search was going on, Miss Cornell slipped into the barroom and turned off the lights that enabled Larry Harker, who was in the place with several thou- sand dollars worth of snow--I believe you know gentleman, where we keep it--to get away. The girl told Breen she had crossed the cops because she had a private quarrel with them. "Well--she certainly saved us a lot of trouble that night. I became in- terested in her through Breen and a letter from Creighton, manipulated her into my employ as secretary--I was 