The Best New Mystery Books By Captain Frank Cunningham In this department THE BLACK MASK will present every month brief reviews of the best new books of detective and mystery stories, stories of the occult and stories of adventure Needless to say, the department will be conducted without fear or favor. Only good books will be noticed. There will be absolutely no boosting in the interest of publishers. Every book mentioned may be bought at any bookstore. THE BLACK MASK will NOT receive orders. I The Silver Bag, by Thomas Cobb. Who owned the handbag left in the apartment of a young English author? And why was the author distracted? And what was the purpose of the young woman who caused so much trouble? There is lots of fun in unraveling these perplexing situations. If you like a mystery story mixed with humor, this plot will interest you. II The Red Seal, by Natalie Sumner Lincoln. Unlike most mystery stories, all clews that might lead the reader to discover for himself the true culprit are cleverly concealed. And so you are kept guessing until the very end. Jim- mie Turnbull, a bank cashier, is thought to have been poisoned by a powerful drug. Each chapter brings to light some evidence that changes the reader's hunch as to the identity of the real criminal. III The Eye of Zeitoon, by Talbot Mundy. This is not, as the title might suggest, a story about a precious jewel. But it is a romantic tale of adventure in Armenia. Zeitoon is an ancient stronghold in the Armenian mountains, which the Turks have never been able to capture. The "Eye of Zeitoon" is an Armenian patriot who does his best to serve his country, and. guides three soldiers of fortune into a land where they believe adventures await them. And getting there, they find they were not mistaken. IV Come-On Charley, by Thomas Ad- dison. Charley is a shoe-clerk in a small town. Just for the sake of play- ing a practical joke, a lawyer tells him that he has come into a fortune of two million dollars, when the truth of the matter is the fortune amounts to only ten thousand dollars. But Charley goes to New York with the idea of doing startling things. What happens makes a farcical romance, and if you like a story full of good fun read the adven- tures of Charley. V Blacksheep ! Blacksheep ! by Mere- dith Nicholson. No one likes to be told in advance of the adventures of a gentleman crook, and what happens to him when he gets into a tight place. "The Governor" is a strange sort of a hero, who carries a pocket edition of 127 