The Trap 47 and angular, stood silently with his hands up and his back turned. "Now that your teeth are drawn, Mr.--ah--Smith, you might make your- self comfortable on the opposite seat." Smith quietly did as was suggested and gazed, in a bored manner, at the opposite seat, where sat the incongruous figure of a white man partly disguised as an old native woman. He gave but a glance at the gun resting on the seat beside his companion and then studied the remarkably clever make-up on the face. As he looked he began to smile. "So you came down the opposite side of the carriage and arrived first while our friend Higgins pretended to have his skirt caught and so delayed me?" "A fairly clever deduction," returned the man with the gun. "Anything else you would like to ask?" "It would interest me to know why Mr. Sterne, the well-known pearl buyer of Calcutta, has taken to thieving." "I am honored by your recognition," was the suave reply. "Perhaps you re- member a game of billiards that we had at the club. You said then that the only profession more exciting than the de- tection of crime was the profession of the criminal. That is true. You do not detect crime for money but for the ex- citement. There is not sufficient excite- ment in your profession to satisfy me." "And yet," continued Smith in an easy conversational tone, "throughout all India your word is known to be as good as your certified check." "To break one's word is to lose one's self-respect," replied Sterne. "To steal is to lose the respect of a few people for whose esteem you may not care a snap of your finger." "All honest men despise a thief." "There are few honest men," was the cool reply, "and most of them are stupid." "May I smoke?" asked Smith, lan- guidly gazing out of the window, although he was keenly estimating the distance to the next station. Sterne took a package of Smith's own cigarettes from the table and tossed it over. He followed it with a box of matches before adding: "We are coming to the small town of Ellore. It is extremely unlikely that there will be any first-class passengers or that anybody will come near this compartment. However, I will pull down the blinds on this side, which is next to the station. Whatever happens I will handle the situation, and if you make the slightest untoward move I shall be forced to shoot--and shoot to kill." IV Smith made no reply and smoked lazily, leaning back with his eyes half closed. He was puzzled about Langa Doonh. He knew that the boy's train- ing would make him try to keep in touch with his master. Had he heard through his thin door? If so, what was he doing? Had he met with foul play at the hands of the strange native? Smith feared for his servant and it wor- ried him even more than his own awk- ward predicament. When the train stopped at Ellore it was just as Sterne had anticipated. No stranger came near their compartment. A few seconds before the train started, however, Higgins entered from the plat- form, dressed in his own clothes and with a suitcase in his hand. "Sit here," directed Sterne very curtly. "Take this gun and shoot him if he moves." Smith reflected that it was fifty miles to the next station, which was Rajah- mundry, an important one on the Goda- very River. At Rajahmundry he felt sure that the guard would look into his compartment. Instinctively he knew that his critical moment must arrive 