Fingers from the Grave By Edwin Carty Ranck I TOM GRIMSTEAD was not look- ing for a "story" when he decided to spend a night in the haunted Carey house. As a newspaper- man, he had frequently exposed many bogus mediums and spiritualists, but the accounts of those who had spent, or rather tried to spend, a night in the Carey house seemed so authentic and honest that Grimstead, who was enjoy- ing his vacation in the quaint New Eng- land town of Sedley, longed to experi- ence some of the thrills that had come to these narrators. "There was a presence in the house," quavered Martin Stacy, who had once spent part of a night there. "I--I felt it!" "Could you see it?" asked Grimstead. Martin shuddered. "No," he whispered, "but I knew it was there--whatever it was. If anyone sneaked into your room when you were reading, wit'iout making any noise, you would feel they were there even if you hadn't seen 'em--wouldn't you ?" Grim- stead nodded. "Well, it was that same sort of feeling that came over me in Mrs. Carey's bedroom." Martin Stacy's story was similar to the others. They had all felt a sinister presence in Mrs. Carey's room and the feeling had always been followed by senseless, unreasoning terror that made them flee into the night. The Carey tragedy had been the grim- mest that had ever occurred in the town of Sedley. Twenty years before, Wel- don Carey had brought his bride to the old Carey house, which had been built by a colonial Carey and inhabited by Careys ever since. Selma Carey was beautiful and vivacious and she appeared to be as madly in love with the old house and its colonial traditions as she was with its master. Then came the-tragedy! Young Mrs. Carey was found murdered one morning--strangled to death--and her husband told incoherently how two bur- glars had broken into the place at mid- night. One of them had throttled Mrs. Carey and the other was threatening him with a revolver, when some noise frightened them away. The country- side was searched for the two men, but they were never apprehended and the verdict of the coroner's jury was that Mrs. Carey had come to her death "at the hands of a person or persons un- known." Carey seemed heart-broken after the tragedy, and finally, not succeeding in selling the old house, he left it in charge of a caretaker and went abroad to live. In all these intervening years he had never returned to his birthplace, nor could anyone be induced to rent the place. -- Tom Grimstead thought as he stood in front of the Carey mansion at dusk one September afternoon that he had never seen a more repellent-looking house. There was something indescrib- ably repugnant about it, as if one were contemplating the corpse of a house. Horror surrounded it like a nimbus, and Grimstead's first impulse was to walk hastily away. But shaking off the feel- ing of dread that had settled upon him like an incubus, he resolutely walked up 43 