The New Mystery Books By Captain Frank Cunningham I The Desert Fiddler, by William H. Hamby.--A story of ranch-life in Southern California, with all the con- ventional mortgages, irrigation ditches, villains and persecuted heroines with aged fathers. Bob, the hero, is one of those male Pollyannas who tries hard to do what is right, and in the interim plays on his beloved fiddle. This is one of those stories that you know how will end after reading the first few chapters. II Get Your Man, by Ethel and James Dorrance.--Yet another conventional yarn. This time the scene is laid in the Frozen North. A young West Pointer, refusing to believe that his father committed suicide, goes to the Yukon to devote his life to tracking the man he believes to be the murderer. The story therefore is something on the order of a movie chase. Trite stuff, on the whole. III Owl Taxi, by Hulbert Footner.--A badly written mystery yarn. The open- ing chapter fails entirely to convince when the hero changes places with a taxi-driver. After that the melodra- (Continued on page 126) Diamonds at Pre-War Prices Write today for the new 1922 Basch De Luxe Diamond Book. Diamonds Back to Pre-War Prices. Sweeping reductions in diamonds of all grades. Note these : 1/4 kt. now $34.50, was $45.00. 3/4 kt. now $110.OO, was $147.00. 1/2 kt. now $72.50, was $98.75. 1 kt. now $147.50, was $197.50. We are diamond importers. We sell direct to you by mail at importers' prices eliminating the brokers' and wholesalers' profits--35% to 50% saved on local store prices. And now with prices slashed to pre-war levels (while retailers are still clinging to big profit prices) you can make additional big savings. Free Examination--Money Back Guarantee Every diamond sent on free examination. We take the risk and pay all charges. We also guarantee to refund in cash full price less 10%, if you wish to return your diamond. We allow full price in exchange for another diamond at any time. Every diamond fully guaranteed as to weight, quality and value. FREE 1922 Basch De Luxe Diamond Book--Write See the money-saving reductions made in this new Basch Book before you buy a diamond. Rare bargains also in watches, jewelry, silverware, etc. Tells how to judge a diamond. A postcard or letter brings it free--write now. L. Basch &amp; Co., Dept. A3698, State and Quincy Sts. Chicago, Illinois SEND NO MONEY If You Can Tell it from a GENUINE DIAMOND Send It Back To prove our blue-white MEXICAN DIAMOND closely resembles a genuine diamond with same DAZZLING RAINBOW FIRE, we will send a selected 1 carat gem in Ladies Solitaire Ring (Cat. price $4.98) for Half Price to introduce, $2.63, or in Gents Heavy Tooth Belcher Ring (Cat. price $6.26) for $3.25. Our finest 12k Gold Filled mountings. GUARANTEED 20 YEARS. SEND NO MONEY. Just mail postcard or this ad. State Size. We will mail at once C. O. D. If not pleased return in 2 days for money back less handling charges. Write for Free Catalog. Agents Wanted. MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO., Dept. F.T., Las Cruces, N. Mex. (Exclusive controllers Mexican Diamonds) REDUCE YOUR FAT Quickly by Using COSI OBESITY CREAM Used externally; harmless for both men and women. No starv-ing, no dieting, no exercise, no massage, no drugs; spend fifteen minutes daily in your own home and you will be surprised with the results obtained. (Six weeks' treatment) pound jar, $7.00, sent postpaid--sample 10c. Made and sold only by Dr. CURRIE 2803 Ave. G, Brooklyn, N. Y. In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO BM 