116 The Yellow Dog stowed in there. He followed us in-- and I took good care that he should not go out. He appears to be an animal of undoubted sagacity." Hankinson moved again, and again found that movement was difficult, if not impossible. "I'm obliged to yer, guv'nor," he said. "I--I'll be movin' now, if you ain't got no objections?" The Chinaman shook his head gravely. "Not yet," he said. "It will not be well for you to move just yet. Let me advise you to rest quietly where you are." "An' why?" demanded Hankinson suspiciously. "There ain't nothink seri- ous, is there, guv'nor? A crack on the 'e'd, now--that ain't nothink. I got business, yer see, an'--" "And there are those who have busi- ness with you," remarked the Chinaman. "The police." Hankinson felt cold again, but he managed to look surprised. "Perlice!" he exclaimed. "Wot about the perlice, then? I aint--" The Chinaman stretched out an arm and pulled a small, wheeled table from behind Hankinson's head. He silently directed Hankinson's eyes to it. " 'Eavens!" muttered Hankinson. The surface of the table was covered with an array of objects pleasing enough in themselves, but not welcome to Han- kinson under present circumstances. These objects were laid out in order, neatly and systematically. There was a row of gold watches, there was another row of gold chains-- good and solid. There were pendants, ornaments, bracelets--all of gold, for Hankinson had scorned anything of less value. And there were precious stones --some fine pearls, some excellent rubies--and in the center of everything, on a rag of blue velvet, lay the dia- monds over which the old jeweler had chuckled. Also, in one corner of the table lay Hankinson's* revolver. Hankinson felt very sick as he looked at these things. Yet--it was about what he had expected. And all he could do was to glare resentfully at the bland features of the spectacled face. The Chinaman, however, remained unmoved. "That," he said, again indicating the table, "will explain much. If you wish for further explanation--Mr. Marco- vitch is dead." Hankinson jumped--as much as that curious inertia would permit. "G'arn!" he said in a low voice. "Yer don't mean it! It can't be, guv'nor. W'y I on'y--" "He was quite dead when the police entered his shop," said the Chinaman. "You hit him too hard. And perhaps you are not very experienced in the use of the gag. However, he is dead, and the police are in pursuit of you." Hankinson began to whimper. 'Yer've trapped me!" he whined. "Yer meanin' to 'and me over! Yer'd a deal better 'ave let me lie where I was. An' yer've done somethink to me, an' all --I can't move." "That," replied the Chinaman, "is the effect of a medicine with which I have treated you. Rest awhile and the effect will pass off. I am not going to hand you over to the police. You are quite safe--quite safe, I repeat--so long as you do what I tell you." Hankinson stared. He was suspicious as ever, but there was a calm, confident assurance about the Chinaman which went far to allay suspicion. And sud- denly his eyes brightened and his voice lost its whine and became almost cheery. "You see me right, guv'nor, an' I'll make it all right wiv you," he said in- sinuatingly. " 'Struth, I 'adn't no in- tentions o' finishin' the old man! An' wotever you likes out o' that little lot, it's yours." 