The Catspaw 115 house that day nor the day before. For this was a part of the arrangement that we had made. Ponder as I would, I could think of no possible solution to the puzzle. It was as mysterious as Poe's "Mystery of the Rue Morgue." Peck, the storm center--the man for whom all these precautions were taken and for whom poor Lannagan had died --was the calmest of us all. Five minutes after the appearance of the coroner, the millionaire was sum- moned to the phone. In accordance with my determination not to allow him out of my sight day or night, I accom- panied him to the library. A harsh, metallic voice--a voice so loud that it could be heard all over-the big room--informed him that the death of a member of his household had been a warning--a warning sent to prove to him that in spite of all his precautions his enemies were able to strike when and where they pleased. His own death would follow in good time. Shaking slightly, yet game to the core, he motioned to' me and handed me the instrument. The voice died out in a, mirthless, diabolical chuckle. Then the receiver at the other end of the wire was hung up with a click. Jiggling the hook up and down, I suc- ceeded in getting "Central" within a few seconds. An instant later I was con- nected with my friend, Armstrong, manager of the traffic department, to whom I hurriedly explained the situa- tion and.requested that the call be traced. Armstrong moved speedily. For, in spite of the fact that hundreds of calls go through the Capital Hill exchange every hour, so thorough is their system that inside of five minutes he had me back on the wire. The call had originated in one of the pay stations at the Pennsylvania depot, ten miles away! II Perhaps in my efforts to hold the reader's attention I have not explained matters as thoroughly as I should. Then, too, like all detectives, I am a poor nar- rator of my own experiences. What seems to the average person to be an exciting adventure is to us only a part of the day's work--an episode to be for- gotten as speedily as possible after it has been disclosed to judge and jury. Yet the Morgan Peck case is so unique in criminal annals as to be worthy of being put in a class by itself. The reader will recall the sensation in financial circles caused by the appear- ance of Alonzo Bixby, the South Afri- can magnate. For two short years he was one of the king pins of The Exchange. Then came the battle between Bixby and Peck. It was short, but memorable. Peck, backed by his years of experience, crushed his enemy beneath his heel as a farmer scotches a harmless worm. Bixby, cornered, his fangs bared, showed his makeup by turning crook. Timothy Owen, Peck's right-hand man, was killed. Over the body of his friend Morgan Peck swore vengeance. Qne of Bixby's retainers, arrested by the police, admitted the murder, charging Bixby with having instigated the crime. All of Peck's gigantic fortune was placed at the disposal of the prosecution. The trial lasted for weeks, an army of law- yers battling for every point. In the end the jury sent Bixby to the penitentiary for life. The day that sentence was pro- nounced is one that will long be remem- bered in newspaper and legal circles. Bixby, surrounded by his lawyers, his beautiful young wife at his side, listened impassively to the judge's voice. It was not until the officers seized him to part him forever from the woman he loved that he gave way to his emotions. 