28 Appearances Are Deceiving instructor in pocket-picking. There- fore he knew how to avoid unwelcome collisions, how to weave his way through tightly packed humanity. He squirmed his way through the flowing masses of people like a drop of water sliding down greased glass. Peter Riddick turned at the firm touch on his arm and observed the young man who had stopped him. He saw a keen-eyed man, nervously assured in manner, who wore an inconspicuous blue serge suit, a soft brown felt hat, tan shoes, and a sombre necktie. "I think you dropped this," said Gar- bett, presenting the purse to its portly owner. Naturally, Peter Riddick was aston- ished when he saw what the young man offered him. "Well, I'll-- Yes, that's mine!" he said, his face breaking into a smile of startled happiness as he tapped a pocket and made sure his own wallet was miss- ing. "Young man, I thank you." He studied his benefactor again. "I've been coming to New York for the last thirty-five years," he an- nounced, "but never before has anyone-- I've been robbed, and cheated, and double-charged, but-- In New York City, too!" He took the purse. Garbett smiled, and edged away. "Wait a minute, young man!" com- manded Peter Riddick. "I not only want to thank you, I want to-- You're an honest man, and while some people say that virtue is its own reward, I think that honesty is a virtue that--" "I don't want any reward," Garbett interrupted. He didn't mind being told that he was an honest man, for he had a sense of humor. "I saw your wallet drop, and so I brought it--" "If you're in a hurry," said Peter Riddick amiably, "I'll walk along with you a little ways. For I'm not through with you, young man. I don't want to hurt your feelings, but-- Don't you need a little help some way?" "Not that I know of," Garbett answered, smiling. "I don't need a thing, thank you." "It certainly is strange to meet an honest man," mused the white-haired gentleman, standing directly in the path of hundreds of hurrying people, "particularly when you've had to pay extra for theater tickets, and something for just sitting at a table when you want to eat, and--" His manner changed swiftly. "Young man, I want you to come in and see me. I live in Velma, Delaware, and I need you in my business. I'm the president of the First National Bank, and I can certainly find a place for an honest young man in my bank. Now if you--" Garbett's ears twitched, and his eyes became introspective. Mr. Riddick thought these signs were good omens, and his shrewd, kindly eyes brightened. "A young man, an honest young man--" the portly gentleman paused. "I suppose you have something to do-- but--if you ever need a job, and come in to see me, I will see that you get it." "Well, I'm rather busy just now," remarked Garbett, thinking of the wholesale silk house robbery. "That's too bad," Peter Riddick was sincerely regretful. "But--the time may come when you'll need some help: a position, or a loan. I want you to call on me then, young man"; he ex- tracted a card and a banknote from the wallet. "Here's my name and ad- dress, and here's something for--for you to buy a present for your best girl." Garbett wanted the card, and he realized that Mr. Riddick really in- tended that he should accept the fifty- dollar bill. Already, possibilities had flashed into the crook's mind. Here was a perfect entree into the First National 