66 The Half-Asleep Girl "How absurd," she said. "I am not a clairvoyant." ' Fleming figuratively threw up his hands at the hopelessness of learning anything from her. She was madden- ing. Without further questioning he strode to the door. The detective, ob* serving this, met him in the hall. "Well, young Knibbs?" he queried, hopefully. "She's the image of original inno- cence--or original sin--God knows which. Doesn't know a blasted thing about my hold-up; never met me; and all that. Oh, What's the use ?" "A phrase not in my vocabulary," re- plied Dreer. "Do you want me to ar- rest her?" "Heavens, no! Send a girl--particu- larly as pretty a girl as she--to jail? I'd rather lose a few thousand more than do that." "What do you want me to do?" "Get my trinkets back." Dreer became speculative. "She may have carried this thing out on her bwn initiative, without the knowledge or consent of her parent, in which instance it's hardly likely she would bring the loot home with her," he muttered. "She's been to a 'fence,' no doubt. Howpver, I'll have Yensen search the house and report to me to- morrow. There's nothing we can do now, except perhaps make undertaking arrangements. This other affair is plainly suicide." They filed down the stairway, paus- ing at its foot for another chat with Hjalmar Yensen. "My boy," said Simeon Dreer to the big, raw-boned Swede, "I know you are a careful, conscientious officer. I know you are thorough. And I have a little job here that requires thoroughness more than anything else. It's only a side-light on the suicide, but it may suc- ceed in recovering some stolen personal property, and there's always a reward attached to that sort of thing, you know. Now, Yensen, I want you to search this shack from cellar to garret for a diamond scarf pin shaped in a question mark, a Gruen watch, and an alligator wallet containing three hun- dred dollars in bills and a motor-car license made out to Fleming Metcalf Knibbs. Do your best to uncover these or anything else of interest, Inciden- tally, you might call in the matron from the Twenty-second District Station and have the girl searched, preferably with- out the knowledge of her father. When you are quite through, you and Hag- gerty may leave. Tell De Brunner we hold his household blameless; that the evidence of suicide is satisfactory to the department, and he will not be intruded upon again, though, of course, the final judgment is in the coroner's hands. Meanwhile, we shall summon an under- taker. Good-bye." And they went out. III Knibbs was awakened about nine o'clock the following morning by the ringing of the telephone bell. He arose, grumbling between yawns, and wended his barefooted way to the instrument. "Hello !" he said briefly. "That you, young Knibbs?" asked Dreer's voice at the other end. Fleming's sleepiness vanished. Per- haps the old fellow had some interest- ing information about his half-asleep girl, of whom he had dreamed the whole night through. "Yes, Mr. Dreer," he replied. "What is it? A new development in our case?" "No; it's about the suicide, but I knew you'd be interested--thought you'd like to follow it up, you know, because--well, because the little girl is tied up in it, and--" "Yes, yes--of course. What have you found?" 