68 The Half-Asleep Girl Fleming looked at the envelope. v It was addressed in a rangy scrawl to Bastian De Brunner and bore an Aus- tralian postmark dated six weeks ear- lier. Within was a sheet of linen letter paper. He drew it out and read: Dear Bastian, By the time this arrives you should be/snugly fixed in your new quarters, m have no difficulty picturing you there; silent, of course; perhaps even broodingbut fust as active in thought as ever. How is Lola? Ask her, for me, if the trans-Pacific trip succeeded in les- sening the intensity of her hatred for our mutual friend John Ulrich? I am still with the old Smith &amp; Townsend outfit, though I'll admit the routine is getting to be drudgery. Some day I may' clear out for the States myself. In which event, you may be sure I'll look you up. Trusting your health is improving, I remain Your friend and admirer, Cassius Wynn. Knibbs glanced at Simeon Dreer, frowning. dSo you think, because, she entertained a dislike for the man Ul- rich, that she killed him, and that her father is protecting her with his suicide story ?" "A natural assumption, isn't it?" Fleming, being reluctant to admit it, remained silent. "Young Knibbs," continued Simeon, '!at what hour did this girl hold you up-?" "About nine, I should judge." "And how long do you think it would take her to return home from that spot, provided she went directly by trolley?" "No more than fifteen minutes." "Then she could have been home at nine-fifteen ?" "Easily." "You've considered, I suppose, that the stabbing occurred at nine-twenty ?" Fleming avoided the detective's gaze. He felt that by defending the girl he was putting himself in an awkward position, yet in his heart he knew he would go on defending her to the end. And the- end? What would it be? Finally, seeking an argument on which to pin his dwindling hope, he asked: "How can you be so sure of your time ?" "Easily. There's a small grocery !store on the corner, and in its window hangs a. clock which Officer Haggerty is in the habit of consulting as he swings around his beat. It was exactly nine-twenty by that clock when, as he passed the Window, he heard De Brun- ner's cry. Lola, it would appear, had been home five minutes." Knibbs winced; then suddenly struck by an idea he leaped to his feet. "But if she returned directly home after leav- ing me, the stolen property must have been in her possession," he cried. "And as it 'wasn't in her possession, she couldn't have returned directly home, and must have arrived after the deed was done. That clears her of all sus- picion." He sat down in an exultant glow. Dreer lay back in his chair and laughed heartily. His' green glasses flashed in the morning sunlight pouring through the open window. "The profession lost a genius when you took to clipping coupons for a life work," he chuckled. "My boy, consider these facts: all 'fences' do not live miles away from their co-workers. They may even live conveniently near. In which event the girl could have dropped in without losing more than a minute or two. Besides, it would be foolish for either of us to try to prove her ab- sence at the time of the tragedy, for in addition to her father, averring her presence, Haggerty found her in the 