42 The Trap Thief traps. Two forked hickory saplings, near a secluded trail which the thief must follow, suggested a means. In the forks he wedged his gun tightly, point- ing it upward to cover the trail and brac- ing the barrel and butt with stakes crossed near the tops. The weapon ad- justed and loaded, he fastened a stout cord to the trigger and passed it among the saplings so that it was stretched tightly across the trail. Thus the thief could not press against the cord without firing a charge of buckshot into himself. Ramsey slept that night in a thicket near his man-trap. In the early morn- ing a crash awakened him. The bark of his gun! The boy broke from cover into the trail and shouted at a vague, crouching figure near the gun. At sight of Jack, the man gave a leap and dis- appeared in the neighboring woodland. Came the patter of footsteps on the soft earth; the light steps of one run- ning. Ramsey drew back into the shadow of the wood, alert on his toes as a panther gathered to spring if occa- sion demands. It was not the fellow whom he had seen at first, but apparently his accom- plice; the flying body tensely bent, the arms outflung in an extremity of effort. In a moment the fugitive was upon him-- "Stop--" Jack's outflung hand arrested the flight of Mary Gage! The girl sank at his feet, panting from exhaustion. "You know now--I'm the trap thief!" she gasped presently. "I'm not accusing you," he replied, helping her to her feet. "Don't be polite! You're not blind!" An outflung hand brushing the tangled hair from her eyes served as well to sweep aside the amenities. "I didn't be- lieve you'd set a gun to catch us. Since you did, it would have been better if I had been shot. I'm the guilty one and in my right mind, not a poor half-wit--" "You mean Jimmie Willets was shot ?" "Yes! But don't worry about Jim- mie. Our friends will give him the best of care." "I don't see-- Why did you and he go out, night after night, to steal my traps ?" For a moment she seemed to be grop- ing for an excuse, then turned to him with a childlike frankness. "I know you won't believe me, Lean Jaw, but I'm telling the truth when I say I don't know why we must steal your traps. We took them because-- we were asked to do so. You should know, perhaps, that we're very poor-- stony broke. We came here last spring from Long Island, where Dad's truck farm went to smash and left us in debt. Dad was offered this job of his and much more money than he'd ever earned before. He told me a few days ago that his job and our money would be lost un- less you were driven out of here. He asked me to take your traps--" "I interfered with his plans-- Is that it?" "Dad told me that the kick came from his bosses. Oh! Don't be huffy about it! I like you, Lean Jaw-- Like you as well as any fellow I know. I like you so well that I say--first, last and all the time--don't butt into this. Give up trapping and go back to Honesdale. You can't fight these people single handed. They're too strong, too many and have too much money back of them! I've been jollying Dad by telling him you're discouraged and about to quit. I can hardly say that now that you're fighting back and Jimmie Willets is hurt. But it's not too late for you to get out--" "You would have me go?" he asked tensely. "I'd have you near me--" She cut short his words of tenderness and added in her businesslike way: "But you don't know yet the secret of Dad's bosses. 