The Prisoner Speaks 5 demands, rather than requests, immedi- ate response and admission. Repeated and prolonged efforts to bring someone to the front door failed. Thereupon Mrs. Garford, with that rigidity of body and precision of step that bespoke her augmented rather than lessened intent, not to accept subterfuge as adequate means of escape, proceeded around the house to the kitchen door, which she found to be partly open. Ac- cepting this as evidence that Mrs. Smith was at home, and as confirmation of her suspicions that the silence was "on purpose," Mrs. Garford, after knock- ing once or twice on this rear door, en- tered the kitchen. Here unwashed dishes on the sink drainboard aroused that measure of righteous indignation that is expressed only by the good housekeeper--who does not have to do her own work-- and added both suspicion and determi- nation. From the kitchen Mrs. Gar- ford pursued her way into the dining- room in search of the mistress of the house and prospective contributor to the evangelization of the heathen of foreign lands. That she was an emis- sary and representative of Divine Providence M.rs- Garford would have been quick to acknowledge, but that she was personifying grim-mooded Fate would not have occurred to her. Between the dining-room and living- room of the Smith house were large double doors, of the kind known as "folding," though they never are known to perform that movement, or, some- times, any other, despite either force or persuasion. These doors were con- cealed, as is the custom in well- appointed houses in such towns as L-, with curtains, called "portieres," of heavy material and ornate design. Being convinced, so beyond all doubt or question that any idea to the con- trary never entered her mind, that both her mission and missions justified the invasion of another woman's home to any required limit, especially when that woman selfishly attempted to avoid the visitation--or so one would gather from Mrs. Garford's statements--she was about to draw aside these curtains and enter the front room when the toe of her shoe struck something that, her "psychic sensibilities" at once told her, she said, was a human body. Mrs. Gartord had "almost stepped on" the body of Harriet Smith, fully clothed, lying on the floor of the living- room, with the head resting on the small brass running-rail of the folding- doors, which were open for a space of about nine inches, just wide enough to permit the head to lie between them. The condition of the body, especially that of the head, was such that it re- quired only the momentary glance which Mrs. Garford gave it to show that Mrs. Smith was dead, and had been killed by someone who had indulged in a veritable frenzy of mur- der. Omitting the gruesome details de- scribed by the coroner's physician in his testimony, it was evident that the weapon used had been both sharp and heavy, possibly, it was at first assumed, an axe. With some such weapon the head had been cut and battered out of all human semblance, and the trunk and limbs hacked and bruised in a score of places. Either the woman put up a strong and prolonged resistance, or, as seemed far more likely, the murderer had not been content with killing his victim, but indulged his anger or hatred to the limit of disfiguration. The physician's expressed opinion was that death had been practically in- stantaneous, from some one of the nu- merous head wounds, and that life had been extinct about thirty-six hours, with the possibility that the period be- tween the murder and the finding of the body might have been longer or 