108 The Man Who Would Not Die fully, giving way again to his unholy mirth. "Yes, and, by God, I'll use your carcasses as I used this piece of carrion on the floor, there. Think you that you can stop me--that you, in your little- ness, can end a career such as mine? I am Lessman, The Man Who Can Not Die! I'll be chief of police for a day! Ha! Ha! Yes, and I'll wear the robes of The Master. "Listen, fools. Meta, the woman I love, is she who has just left the room. Together, we killed Mrs. Winters-- blasted her as we will blast you. Yes, I'll blast you, curse you! I can throw my will across the continent. Think you, then, that you can defeat me? I got Des Moines here to end him, know- ing that he would bring you along. With you gone, the world is mine! "In the body of Mrs. Winters, Meta left this house. She came here in the body of Dolly, Ha! Ha! It was a puzzle for the fools of policemen, try- ing to figure out how the body of the maid got into the coffin of the mistress. I love puzzles. I worked it all out to attract your attention--as I knew it eventually would--my dear Moham- med Gunga. You were getting too close to my tracks--you and your hell- ish gang! With you gone, none will be left on this side of the water who can hope to match their strength with mine. "My only regret is that I didn't blast that damned salesman, Johnson, who blocked our game when we stole the brooch. I was the chauffeur, as you have already guessed. I grew tender- hearted--fool that I am. When he seized Meta, he forced her to quit the body she was occupying and enter that of the dead woman we had. in the ma- chine, ready for just such an emer- gency. I'll get him yet, though, damn him! "I killed Winters, inspector, the same night that I telephoned to you. Ha, it was funny. I left his body hid- den in a room I keep downtown for just such purposes. Then I threw my soul across the space and into the body I now occupy in time to answer your telephone call. I knew that you would trace the call and seek to trap me. I wanted to puzzle you. It has been a real pleasure for me to play with you. For I give you credit for having more intelligence than the average detective. I knew that sooner or later, though, you would get beyond your depth and call for aid from Mohammed Gunga. "Where is Winters' body hidden now? That's my business, fools! It's hidden away where I can use it again if the occasion ever demands--after Meta and I get through using the Win- ters millions, possibly. Your police- man? O, yes, I killed him--blasted him from the automobile while I was talking to you. I kept my promise, did I not? "And now, both of you, prepare to die! I, Lessman, the Man Who Will Not Die, will it!" XIII Des Moines felt an icy sensation creep over him. Then came a peculiar numbness. He struggled against it. Clammy fingers seemed to dutch his throat! He was choking! He stag- gered like a drunken man, seeking an avenue of escape. A veil of darkness seemed to weigh upon his eyes. Tighter and tighter grew the bands about him. And, then, screaming like an hysterical woman, he fell to the floor, uncon- scious. How long he lay there he never knew. Probably only a few seconds. He awakened suddenly. For an instant he imagined himself dead. He opened his eyes. Over him stood the Master, calm, self-reliant, facing the monster. Silently the two men, only a few yards apart, waged the greatest battle the 