Blueberry Pie 17 were sincere enough. Why couldn't she get away with it? Dennison-- Dennison would get what was com- ing to him--if things went right. That was over. She could get ready, now. Irene started to change her clothes. She looked at her fingers and her apron, stained with blueber- ries. Yes--it had to be done. She dressed the corpse in her own house- dress, her own berry-stained apron. Then, her fingers wet with berry juice, she stained the fingers of the dead woman. Now, she covered the face, knotted a towel around the throat, thrust the body into the closet of her bedroom. She heard a noise in the hall. She sat in a chair, shud- dered, for half an hour before she dared move or wash her hands. She washed them thoroughly, then. She was afraid you caught things from dead people. Irene cooled herself under a shower, made rather a careful toilet. It was after five o'clock. There was some- thing else to do, now. She heard someone in the hall. She hoped it was someone she knew--but not too well. It was a man's step--a man coming home. She threw a chair against a wall, pushed a table, kicked another chair, said, "Oh, God, Stuart," threw an- other chair. That was done. She adjusted the window, packed her bag--not forgetting a little bundle of things she would destroy, later. She took her jewelry. She put her wrist watch on the dressing-table, to one side, so it wouldn't be too noticeable. She hated to lose it. Still, with her other things. She had been economical. She could sell her jewelry later. She could get a job, maybe meet some young man, marry, even.. Why not? Women did worse things than she did and got married. Worse? Well, she hadn't been so bad--so really bad--if things would work out. . . . She turned the dressing-table draw- ers out, disarranged the other things. She sat at the window behind the white curtain, watched the traffic. She couldn't be seen, she knew. She couldn't light a light. She was hungry. She couldn't go out for fear of meeting someone, until dark. She hated the apartment--memories--the closet. . . . She tiptoed around. Yes--every- thing was right. She repacked her bag to make sure. She could take only a few things so it would look as if all of her things were there. No one knew just what she had. The bit of paper in the corner of it--the wo- man's hair--her clothes--she touched it gingerly. She could get rid of that easily enough. Yes--the signs of disorder--the window. The police wouldn't think it was a burglar--they were just clever enough for that--yet, she hoped, not too clever. . . . She felt around, felt the familiar things. She could see a little from the street lamp, outside--. It was nearly time to go. Dennison--would things come out the way she had planned? The apartment! The closet! Did she dare? Dare? She had to, now. There was nothing else to do. She started in to sob, kneel- ing at the side of her bed. "Oh, Stuart," she sobbed, "come back to me, come back to me. Oh God. . . ." She could leave, now. She could get a ticket, go on to Chicago. That would be best. She didn't know any- one in Chicago. It was surprising how few people she knew any place. In Chicago, she'd go to the Y. W. C. A., take a new name, find B.M.--Aug.--2 