ADVERTISING The Boss of The Ranch Must Be A Man of Blood and Iron-- The Kind of Man Nuxated Iron Helps Make By Building Red Blood, Strength and Endurance Hardened by the rigors of life on the plains, living for days in his saddle, his strength, courage and endurance put a thou-sand times to the most severe tests, the Boss of the Range daily proves himself every inch a man--a man of blood and iron. He has won his spurs by countless dar- ing feats, perfect calmness in the face of danger, tireless energy and alertness, untold deeds of action, force and power. When you see him with his men on the range you know he's boss and what he says goes. But the rugged, outdoor life of the ranchman which helps to keep his blood rich in strength-giving iron is denied many a man whose indoor existence, hard work and worries sap his ener- gies and rob the iron from his blood. It is for such men who need sustaining, health-building ? help of organic iron--Nuxated Iron--to in-crease the oxygen-carrying power of their blood and thereby aid in restoring wasted tissue, strengthening their nerves and giving greater power and endurance. Nuxated Iron is now used by over three million people an-nually as a tonic, strength and blood-builder. "There are countless numbers of men today who at 40 are broken in health and steadily gping downward to physical and mental decay simply because they are allowing worry, over-work, nervous strain, dissipation and occupa- tional poisons to sap the iron from their blood and destroy its power to change food into living tissue, muscle and brain," says Dr. John J. Van Horne, formerly Medical Inspector and Clinical Physician on the Board of Health of New York City. "Yet there are thousands of such men who undergo a most remarkable transformation the moment they get plenty of the right kind of iron into their blood to give increased energy and endurance. Their imagined ills are forgotten, they gain physical poise and fitness, mental alertness and greater power to combat obstacles and withstand severe strains. To help build stronger, healthier men and women, better able physically, to meet the problems of everyday life, I believe that physi-cians should, at every opportunity prescribe organic iron--Nuxated Iron--for in my ex- perience it is one of the best tonic and red blood builders known to medical science." If you are not strong or well you owe it to yourself to make the following test: See how long you can work or how far you can walk without becoming tired. Next take two five-grain tablets of Nuxated Iron three times per day, after meals, for two weeks. Then test your strength again and see for yourself how much you have gained. Many an athlete or prize fighter has won the day simply because he knew the secret of great strength and endurance, which comes from having plenty of iron in the blood, while many another has gone down to inglorious defeat simply for lack of iron. Manufacturers' Note: Nuxated Iron, which is pre- scribed and recommended by physicians is not a secret remedy, but one which is well known to druggists. Un-like the older inorganic iron products it is easily assimi-lated, does not injure the teeth, make them black nor upset the stomach. The manufacturers guarantee success- ful and entirely satisfactory results to every purchaser or they will refund your money. It is dispensed in this city by all good druggists. In answering advertisements, please mention THE PARISIENNE TRIO 