The Man in the Black Mask 21 prise when Pedro knocks a second chunk off the factory with his one pounder. Perhaps by that time they will awake to the fact that I mean business. If they don't kick in, I'll knock the devil out of things the next time. "I debated with myself for a second, then, taking the bull by the horns, I turned upon him suddenly. " 'Why this masquerading, Mr. Grimes ?' I asked. 'What was your idea in getting me here on this case, only to capture me and keep me a prisoner? I am a poor man and you know it. I can- not pay the ransom you demand. And why are you robbing your colleagues and yourself?' "I got no further, for he interrupted me by bursting into laughter. 'Grimes --Grimes!' he chortled. 'You think that I am old man Grimes! By the Almighty! That's good.' "And still laughing to himself, he disappeared behind the curtain. "But that is not all. The affair is growing more puzzling every minute. I am more convinced than ever that he is insane--or a drug fiend. For hardly had he disappeared before he returned, his entire manner changed, his body shaking nervously. Once more he was the feeble old man--or the hysterical woman. Without a word, he strode across the cave to the bruised and muti- lated body of McGinnis and stood for a second, looking down at it, his shoulders hunched, his entire attitude that of great sorrow and dejection. Then he turned on his heel and walked away. "As he disappeared behind the cur- tain, I will swear that I heard him sob- bing. Yes, crying like a woman. And, what is more, I am certain that I heard him murmur as he' went down the pas- sageway : " 'Murder! Murder! A second mur- der! First Baekus and now this poor, misguided creature! Great God in Heaven! Will it never end?' "Can this be the man who, not ten minutes before, brutally jested as he looked upon the cold, dead clay that had done his bidding? It is beyond me." CHAPTER XII Shortly after writing the above, I talked the matter over with Travis. He concurred with me fully that some- thing was strangely amiss with the man. He, however, did not agree with me that the masked leader was a drug addict, being more of the opinion that he was insane. He stated that he, as well as the others, had noticed other eccentricities on the part of their chief, but never so marked as on the occasion just re- ferred to. The day passed uneventfully, my guards whiling the time away playing cards, smoking and sleeping. There was nothing else for them to do and, like myself, the time hung heavily on their hands. Meanwhile, I seized upon this as a good time to spread my seeds of discord, using the masked man's pe- culiarities as a basis on which to work. They said little, but I could see that the seed was not sown on unfertile ground, for never is a man so ripe for dissen- tion and mutiny as when his mind is unoccupied. In this, the masked mys- tery showed the one big mistake in his leadership--he did not give his men enough work. It was his Achilles heel --my sole salvation if I was to save my own skin--and I seized upon it. "The Man in the Black Mask" failed to show himself until shortly after dusk when, just as we had completed our supper, he suddenly made his appear- ance and brusquely ordered Johnson and Snell to dig a shallow grave on the hillside. They were about to comply when he turned upon Jenkins, who was whetting a carving knife, preparatory to cutting some bacon for breakfast. 