The Half-Asleep Girl 67 "A meagre clue. It may and may not be of importance." Dreer was always modest. "If you care to come over, we'll examine its possibilities together." "But I thought the incident of the suicide was closed. I thought the de- partment was satisfied." "The department is never satisfied so long as a shadow of suspicion remains undispelled. To be brutally frank, young Knibbs, there is a possibility that Lola De Brunner murdered the man Ul- rich !" "No!" "Yes--a possibility. I do not say it with assurance, and I hope, if only be- cause of your interest in her, that it proves untrue. But it is there and can- not be avoided. As I said, if you care to come over--" "Wait for me. I'll be over in a jiffy," cried Fleming. He slammed the receiver on its hook, and a moment later was getting into his clothes with reckless haste. The girl Lola had taken a peculiar hold on him. Though the unusual circumstances of their meeting, not to mention the de- pressing incidents which followed, were certainly not--on their face, at least-- of a nature to awaken the finer in- stincts, these instincts were awakened, nevertheless, in Fleming Knibbs, and, coming to analyze it that beautiful Sep- tember morning, he concluded that it was so because there was something real about this girl that rose above the most damning facts, refuting them. In brief, anything bad she had done wasn't true. He-clung to this assertion because it was the only ground on which he could satisfactorily explain his attraction to her. He knew he wouldn't be drawn to a girl essentially bad; ergo folks had merely gotten the wrong angle on her acts and misunderstood them. True, he had a difficult mental battle maintaining this stand. Inevitable logic came forward again and again, argu- ing : "If a man approached you on the street, thrust a gun in your face, and re- lieved you of your valuables, he would be a thief, wouldn't he--a common high- wayman? If a gifl--no matter how pretty--does the same thing, is she not a thief also?" That was a stumper. Knibbs had to find a way to answer No so that he would believe it. And he did. But how he did is beyond the compre- hension of any save those who, too, are under the spell of some lovely young woman. Fleming Knibbs sacrificed breakfast that morning in his eagerness to see Dreer. Just forty-five minutes elapsed between the ringing of his 'phone and the instant he walked, unannounced, into the detective's strangely cluttered library. Simeon Dreer was seated with his ear close to the phonograph, listening dreamily to the strains of Les Millions d'Arlequin. As his visitor entered, he raised his hand, without turning, in a request for silence. Knibbs sat do%n and waited impa- tiently for the music to cease. When it did, finally, Dreer, mutter- ing "beautiful, beautiful," put the rec- ord away with great care and deliber- ation before joining his guest. Then, fumbling in his pocket, he brought forth an envelope. "This," he said, "was found by my good friend Yensen, and earned him a five-dollar bill." "And this was all he found ?" queried Knibbs. "No sign of the watch or scarf pin?" ' "None. The girl asked him, you see, to help move her father to a back room, which he did. Afterward he discov- ered this missive under the pillow. Tact- fully maintaining silence, he brought it to me. Of your trinkets, however, young Knibbs, there was not a sign." 