108 After Midnight others--and--" she covered her face with her hands. "I--really I--" for once he could not find words. "Mrs. Willoughby-- I saw you tonight." "You saw me--and--" her eyes opened wide. "And him!" As she said nothing, he turned from her and called up the police headquarters, making his request for their presence in a quiet, professional manner. When he hung up the receiver he turned to her. "Mrs. Willoughby, you found the body. Who was with you at the time?" She did not reply; after waiting a moment for her to speak, he con- tinued : "You realize that the police will ask questions of you, when they arrive. As a lawyer and your friend, I am advising you to tell me everything before they come. I may make things easier for you." "Easier for me?" she repeated dully. "I've done nothing. Nothing wrong." "I think it is murder," Lannen said slowly. She wet her dry lips with the tip of her tongue. "Yes, it is murder. I know that," she whispered. "How do you know?" he said sharply. She shivered. "I--I--" She gave a little hysteri- cal laugh. "Just as a woman intui- tively knows many things. Some- thing here--tells me it is." "Did you know the man?" "No! No! Of course not. I never saw him before. Didn't you hear what Andrew said, he is a tramp--a hobo -- probably -- probably--" her voice trailed off, and her dark eyes widened. "Probably what--?" Lannen leaned forward, and laid his .hand on hers. Her skin was damp and ice cold. "Probably he--he stopped in the grounds to sleep or for a drink of water and--Mr. Lannen, I can't talk, I'm--I'm--you'll excuse me--I must go upstairs, I--v she rose unsteadily, and for a moment seemed about to faint. "You can call me when the-- they arrive, perhaps I'll feel better then." He assisted her to the stairs, watched her slowly mount them; then turned back into the room more puzzled than before. As he sank into a deep cushioned chair, before the window, heavy satin draperies behind him were pushed aside. A young man wearing mud stained overalls and a dark blue shirt stepped into the room. He held one finger up to caution Lannen to si- lence, then motioned him to draw the blinds so that their figures could not be seen by the men outside who waited by the greenhouses. "Well?" said Lannen. The other slumped into a chair op- posite to him. He suddenly seemed overcome and unable to speak. Lan- nen noted the way his hands trem- bled, his nostrils quivered. After a moment's silence, the lawyer asked: "You're Allering, the gardener, aren't you ?" "Yes, sir." He leaned forward, al- most touching Lannen. His eyes glowed in his eagerness. "You've sent for the police?" "Yes." Lannen reached for a cigar and lighted it before he answered the boy. In that brief moment's survey of the gardener, he felt an instinctive liking for him. "It might be murder, you know," he added. 