92 The Brand of Cain rounded his. For the man who does things on a big scale is certain sooner or later to tramp on the toes of others. But who among those he had offended hated him to the extent of taking his life? II Fellows was murdered in bed, ap- parently in cold blood, for there was no evidence of a struggle of any kind. Nothing in the room had been disturbed. So far as could be ascertained nothing of value had been taken. The fact that the bedding was not mussed led to the belief that the murderer had struck while his victim was asleep. None of the servants nor Mrs. Fellows--who slept just across the hall--had heard any noise save when Hitchens returned from the drug store with the drug which Fellows had re- quested. Mrs. Fellows had called over the transom to Hitchens to ask what was the matter and he had told her of his employer's sleeplessness. The bottle of bromide with a small quantity gone was found on the table beside the bed. Bromide seldom acts inside of half to three-quarters of an hour. Hence, assuming that Hitchens had told the truth--and everything pointed to his having done so--Fellows must, if he was killed in his sleep, .have met death not earlier than three o'clock. Yet the blood which had flowed from the wound, the condition of the body-- everything--led a cool, conservative medical man to declare that death had struck at least three hours earlier, Nor could his testimony be shaken. There were twelve servants who slept in the house, all occupying the upper floor, with the exception of Hitchens, Marie, Mrs. Fellows' maid, and Swenson,' the valet. Watson, the butler and general man about the house, was the last person to bed and, according to his own state- ment, the first up in the morning. He had personally locked all the doors and windows on the first floor. They were all locked when he made his rounds in the morning. Hitchens, in going to the drug store, had left the house by the side door. This he had left unlocked, relocking it upon his return. This led to the as- sumption on the part of some of the officials that the murderer had entered the place by that door during the secre- tary's absence, hiding until his return, and after Fellows was asleep had struck the fatal blow and escaped by the same door, springing the lock after him. There was no other way of looking at the matter unless one went on the theory that the deed had been com- mitted by one of the servants or Mrs. Fellows. And the latter was unthink- able, while the servants, all of them had been in Fellows' employ for years and were known to be absolutely loyal. Of course the windows of the sleep- ing rooms on the second floor were open. A man of agility might have gained an entrance in this way. But luckily there had been a slight rainfall earlier in the evening and, as a result, the ground was in a condition to take impressions easily. The coroner and the sheriff made a thorough search for marks of a ladder or footprints, but were positive that there was none be- neath any of the windows. And there was always to be con- sidered the lack of motive. Aside from the farmers who were jealous of the big landowner there was no one known to hold a grudge against him. My friend Dwyer declined to assist the officials in their hunt for foot- prints, contenting himself with dawdling about the house as if greatly bored with the whole affair. Conversant as I am with his methods, I admit that this sur- prised me, for he is usually energy 