22 Ananias Ltd. in our hands and speculating on what the young scapegrace held in his. That he was the most brazen young swindler outside a penitentiary, I was convinced. Jedidiah did not have to tell me that. Those girls in his outer office--twelve of them busy when there was not work enough for two-- were the plainest sort of bait for the unwary. Dick Garrity, I knew, would be lost with an honest con- cern ; he knew so much about mining that he wouldn't accept a gold piece in change at a bank. Then that ma- hogany office; it was far too gorgeous to be true. And as a crowning piece of effrontery, on the wall just behind Cryder's chair, was a picture--a paint- ing at that--of an Indian spearing a fish from a little platform above a raging torrent. I had not noticed what kind of fish it was, but to me it looked like a sucker and I gasped almost aloud as I grasped the daring nerve of the laughing man who had placed it there. Herbert Cryder, I had found out, came of one of the best families in New England. Mixed in his bJood somewhere must have been a strong element of the old-time whalers or sea captains of some sort because even as a boy he had been a daring, adventurous young devil. The more conservative expressed the opinion that it was God's mercy that his parents were dead, and even those who were still on good terms with him socially threw up their hands when his name was mentioned in casual conversation. Old Jedidiah had told me the young man had a long police record, and I wasted a whole day before I found out that this consisted of a score of arrests for crimes ranging from the theft of a barber's striped pole to an unproved charge of driv- ing an automobile while intoxicated. I must have shown my disgust at such evidence because Quinot went to great pains to explain to me that his nephew was such a skilful liar that it had been impossible to convict him of numerous grave offenses of which he had undoubtedly been guilty, but I could not pin him down to just what these were. Young Cryder, it seemed, ac- cording to Jedidiah, was absolutely untrustworthy where facts were con- cerned and a lover of mischief to such an extent that serious trouble had always been predicted for him. "Why, do you know," said the old man, "that scapegrace disappeared two years or so ago for six months and came back with a most remark- able tale about elephant shooting in East Africa. At my own expense I cabled to Nairobi and found he had never been there. Then what did he do? He produced two of the finest elephant tusks you ever saw and the foot of one of the beasts mounted as a humidor. Furthermore, he had the impudence to present the humidor to me--to me who had exposed him. There it is on the mantel. In my own club he met and talked for two hours with a man who had spent years in East Africa without making a single slip." "Maybe he was there," I ventured. "He certainly was not," Jedidiah replied with some heat. "After I had been laughed at to such an ex- tent that I did not dare visit my club, I investigated still further. He had spent those six months in Paris. He bought the elephant trophies by cable in London after I had questioned his story, and he spent a month reading every book on Africa and elephant hunting he could find. "He isn't any mere fibber, Mr. Guernsey. When he sets out to tell a lie, he makes a thorough job of it." 