The Heart on the Mantel 75 was it not an artistic job? A wonder- ful specimen, mon Henri; just what I need for study. I will be a great sur- geon, n'est ce pas? . . . Yoh should have specialized in the heart, Henri. The old lungs that you study are of no use except for breathing, like bellows such as blacksmiths use. But the heart --ah, it is the organ magnifique! It is the heart that sends out blood that is like the richest of wine. It is the heart that puts the glow to my Fanchette's cheeks. It is the heart that gives us happiness, emotion, love. A wonderful thing, Henri--wonderful! . . I failed miserably in my examinations that day, but from the triumphant ex- pression on Leon's face when I met him early in the evening I knew that he had succeeded as completely as I had failed. The situation was galling to me: I had worked slavishly, he had trifled and loafed; yet I had lost and he had won. After a hasty dinner at my pension I hurried to my room. As usual, Leon was gone. Partly because of a crush- ing headache and wracked nerves and partly because of a desire to be entirely alone in enduring the day's disap- pointments, I went to bed. But I did not sleep--I tossed and rolled; I thought, suffered, despaired. Finally I got up, jerked one of Leon's richly-hued robes about me and went into the study room. It was eleven o'clock. The night was black--a desolation of disturbing quietude. The wind and rain of the night before had gone. Not a whisper, not a sound of any kind came to break the silence of the room--it was like a void, a vacuity, of the portentous stillness. Suddenly, yet inexorably, I was gripped by that same subconscious force that had come to me the night before. It raised my head from my propping hands. It turned me in my chair. It focused my eyes on the tall glass jar that sat on the mantel. Surely, regularly, its every motion ac- centuated against the pure white back- ground of wall, the heart was beating, beating. A sudden anger rose within me. "I am going mad!" I thought desper- ately. I would seize the jar and its dev- ilish contents; I would smash it, hurl it from the window. But to carry out my resolution I could not summon the strength of a single muscle. I was help- less. As I watched, the reddish-brown lump began to swim about the jar. Its beating was measured, like a funeral tramp. I could hear it, its splashing sound thudding mightily in the deep stillness. Suddenly there came a tremendous splash. The heart dived to the bottom, floundered for a moment, then again shot to the top. Its motion was so rapid that my eyes could scarcely fol- low it. It churned the liquid. It dashed and darted about, madly, frantically. It thrashed about in the alcohol like a wounded shark in the agdny of death. "The thing has a soul," I thought; "and it is troubled, disturbed." The jar rocked, almost overturned, from the violent movement within. The heart veered, dodged, banged upward, then shot down. Yes, the thing must have a soul. I tried to take my eyes away--fruit- less effort! The thing was possessing me, was my master. It bade me watch, and I did. But as I watched I think I must have prayed. I tried to reach for my syringe; but my hand hung motionless at my side. I was powerless. A quick thought almost calmed me. "I will see now--" I told myself--"I will see whether it is my nerves, whether I am going mad, I will fight it without the morphine. I will fight it, 