76 The Explosive Gentleman officers appeared to worry any over the threat of being broken. Nevertheless the mention of Boyer's name did create something of a stir. The Boyers were shipbuilders, multi-millionaires and for several generations prominent in the social and political life of the city. Owing to Kremp's extreme nervous- ness and agitation, he could not control his voice. He was finally compelled to request the lieufenant to speak for him. The lieutenant spoke for some five minutes and then listened for some twenty seconds. Then turning to Kremp, he said: "Mr. Boyer asked me to tell you that he thinks you are a lunatic and that he has tired of helping you out of your foolish scrapes." Kremp was found guilty of disorder- ly conduct and sentenced to six months. Thus his exaggerated ego was humili- ated beyond forgetting or forgiving. He suffered all the persecutory delu- sions of a madman. He imagined the Boyer family to be the central moving figure in the conspiracy against him. Every day he hated the Boyers more till at length he could think of nothing but revenge. And in his anger and hate he ac- complished that which in his saner mo- ments had been beyond him. His entire character seemed to change. Formerly irritable and irascible, he now became patient and forbearing. This change was his first step in his yet indefinite plan for vengeance. Kremp's mother had been the sister of the older Boyer. After she died Boyer's sons and Kremp were the only blood relatives. Old Mr. Boyer accepted Kremp's postures of repentance as being sincere. After Kremp had behaved himself for three months after his release, Boyer offered him a clerical position. When Kremp made good at the work, the old gentleman again invited his nephew to his home. It was then that Kremp's criminal plans began to assume a defi- nite outline. He plotted with a madman's cunning and patience. Scheme after scheme was discarded because it was not safe enough or not cruel enough. And sev- eral ideas were dismissed because they were not inclusive. It would have given him no satisfaction to hurt one of the boys. His feud was with the family. It came to him at last--what he con- sidered an inspiration. He realized that a set of circumstances could be utilized in a crime of a sweeping, all-destructive nature. With one stroke he could an- nihilate the entire Boyer family. Be- sides being emotionally gratifying, it would also be a profitable venture. If the Boyer family were destroyed, he, as the only blood relative, would inherit the family fortune of over twenty mil- lion. This is the scene which had become impressed on Kremp's mind: The elder Boyer was an old-fashioned gentleman and had retained many of the customs and habits of his parents. Among his idiosyncrasies was the one of using can- dle lights. In the music room four silver candlesticks ornamented the mantel- piece. Red candles, about an inch in diameter, were used. After dinner the Boyers generally spent half an hour in the music room. The electric lights were extinguished and the elder Mr. Boyer lighted the four candles. This act was something in the nature of a ceremony. A soft light was thrown on the room and a quiet, do- mestic atmosphere was created. How Kremp intended to use this setting for his crime will be clear from the rehearsal of his actions. II Mr. Lewis Brophy was a highly re- spected man--in some circles. He was 