The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome 87 its fastenings, swayed noisily in the wind, and I screamed in terror. But when the dawn came and the gas grew wan against the light of day, with weariness and exhaustion I fell at last into a deep sleep. VI I was awakened by a knocking at the door. "Come in!" I called, but in a voice which I could scarce recognize as my own. Mrs. Seagle, the neighbor who had taken care of my stricken landlady, pushed an untidy head through the open doorway. "There's someone to see you, sir," she said. It was someone from the office, I fan- cied, to know why I had not gone to work. I felt a wave of rebellious an- noyance, because, for this one dreadful day, I might not be left in peace. "Well!" I cried petulantly as Mrs. Seagle did not move, "show the man up!" "It's a lady." "A lady," I echoed in consternation. The woman grinned meaningly at me. "Confound your impudence!" I cried, "show the lady into Mrs. Muzzard's parlor." "Mrs. Muzzard ain't got no parlor," the woman retorted, retreating in some apprehension at my vehemence. "Well, then, show her into one of the vacant rooms downstairs while I put my coat on." As I entered the stuffy room a few moments later a fall figure clad in black arose from one of the hideous horse- hair chairs and approached me. "Are. you Mr. Scrimgeour?" she asked. Her voice was low and musically soft. I looked into a pair of large, wist- ful eyes. Something about them seemed familiar to me. "You are . . I hesitated wonder- ingly. "I am the daughter of Nathaniel Broome," she replied, and for a moment the heavy lids lowered over her eyes. "I have come from Montreal. The day before yesterday I received a tele- gram from my father saying that he was ill, so, of course, I came at once." "But have you seen your father, Miss Broome ?" "I called here early this morning and .was told of my poor father's seizure." "I wasn't told that anyone had called," I observed. "It's perhaps due to the fact that Mrs. Muzzard is ill. You see, everything is in confusion here . . . a neighbor . . "Yes, I have learned that." "And your father?" I asked. "My father, Mr. Scrimgeour, is dead." I could only stare, dumb and aston- ished. "Why haven't I been told?" I exclaimed at last. "To die like that, friendless and forsaken!" "I have just come from my father's bedside," she replied. "I am here to bring you the sad news." "Good God!" I exclaimed, suddenly remembering. "You saw . . . you saw . . . ?" I dreaded to ask, yet wanted most frantically to know. "I can't understand why," the young girl went on, looking inquiringly at me, "but the nurses at the hospital wouldn't let me take the cloth from my father's face." I did not dare to look into her eyes. I could not reply. "My father once told me in one of his letters that in case of anything happen- ing to him I was to come to you for advice and for guidance. I have come now. Will you tell me what you know ? It all seems very strange. I . . . I'm at a loss to understand. You will not refuse?" With the pleading charm of her eyes 