60 More Deadly than the Viper boxes to the stairs, ascended to the corridor where the oil lamp flickered in the niche in the wall, and paused before the massive double-doors. Suppose there were persons with- in, suppose .... He steeled himself, lifted the bolt and the doors swung open under the pressure of his weight. A single glance showed the cham- ber to be without occupants--a vast rectangular hall it was, from its ap- pearance, a place of worship such as he had seen in some -of the Lama- series of the Gobi and Northeastern Tibet, its four walls ornamental with yak-horns and grotesque devil-masks and hung with cloths woven of the hair of the yellow camel. In the shadow-sunken corners, outside the intimate radiance of a globular lamp that burned on a reed table in the center of the room, were prayer- wheels and drums made of human skulls--myriad Lamist devices. On one side of the grim apartment stood a black screen with the form of the destroying god Varchuk em- broidered in gold upon it, and oppo- site, on the left of an iron door, a large lacquered chest was pushed against the wall. At the extreme end of the hall low steps rose between files of gray urns --relics of the Shun-lai Imperialists --to the foot of crimson, silver- threaded tapestries. Tremaine first moved to the iron door. It opened readily and he stepped out on a_small balcony high on the walls of the monastery, over- hanging a dreadful chasm in the mountains--an abyss so deep, so shuddersome that the moonlight failed to penetrate its fearful depths. He withdrew from the balcony, closing the door behind him, and crossed the hall of worship to the urn-lined steps. At the top he faced the crimson, silver-threaded tapes- tries. Without hesitancy he gripped the heavy cloths and jerked them aside, the movement rattling the rings from which they hung. At his touch they seemed to spring apart. A broad band of light cast from the gobular lamp fell over his shoulders stretching to the side of a stone sarcophagus, and here shattering to bits of argent; and into the illumination he moved, reaching the side of the sarcophagus and bending over the form therein. As he looked he throttled a cry, for the face, paler, older than when he had last seen it, was the face of--Miriam Amber. His whole body went numb--but the following instant he realized that it was not she, that the body lying in the sarcophagus belonged to a man clad in a long black robe, his thin hands clasped across his breast. Such a likeness! The face was the same but for a suggestion of more maturity, was, he knew, the face of her brother, Lance Amber. Instinct prompted him to feel the heart. To his surprise, for the body lay as one dead, it was throbbing. He was alive--but that thin, haggard face! Something about it, tragically young, wrung his soul. "Amber," he called, "Amber! Can you hear me? Can you speak?" He returned the revolver to his pocket and began to chafe the cold hands. For fully ten minutes he em- ployed various means to awaken the man, but he remained in the repose of the dead, silent, motionless. Tremaine was at loss what to do next. Several minutes passed as he stood above the sarcophagus, his gaze wandering helplessly about the hall. A faint sound aroused him to action --a sound that he identified with the bolt outside the double-doors--and 