44 The Trap Thief If you should stumble on it someday, then 'Good-bye, Lean Jaw'--" "These men you speak of? They're here, in the wilderness ?" "Sure they are! Is there a better place to work secretly within a hundred miles of New York?" "What are they doing? You must have a hint of it; must have learned somethings--" "I told Dad I wouldn't ask and I haven't," she evaded. "Perhaps I know more than you, Mary. With what I've learned and you suspect, we may piece out the truth." He told her of the strong light and the odor of ether near the Bag of Bones, the footprints with their curious ridges, the big automobile, the outlook in the pine tree and the balanced stone. "You're wise!" she observed crypti- cally. "Oh! Lean Jaw! I beg of you-- Go at once! After what you've learned--" "He knows too much, eh?" They turned quickly at the sound of the voice behind them. "Dad!" Jack saw a big man in jumpers, red with rage, his chin aggressive. "If you've told him our secrets, Mary, I'll--I'll just about kill you!" Gage threatened, shaking a wrathful finger at his daughter. With a quick turn, he confronted Ramsey: "You get out of here! I won't have you 'round--" "I've as much right here as you--" "If you don't go, I won't answer for your life--" Jack glanced toward Mary. There was a helplessness, a wordless appeal in her lax hands and drooping shoulders. Her eyes were raised to his with a mes- sage that decided him. "I'll stay!" he announced. "Then look out for trouble!" "Same to you, Mr. Gage-- Much trouble!" Thus he left them. V Before another day had passed, Ram- sey realized that Gage's threat had not been an idle one. Go where he would, he was followed by enemies. Behind him the rustle of dead leaves and the breaking of twigs underfoot told of the passage of living things heavier than the denizens of the forest. Once he had a glimpse of a man with a black beard who, when he realized that he was seen, quickly disappeared in a heap of rocks. As Ramsey crossed the causeway to his camp that evening, came an under- breath, caught-in-the-throat cough and a bullet glanced off a tree overhead and went winging its way into the swamp. Another. and another followed, hum- ming baleful tunes as they were de- flected. From the shelter of a rock, Ramsey realized that his assailants were using a silencer on their gun and were shooting wild. In all, he counted twenty bullets. A return fire would have be- trayed his position in the darkness and made it a target. In silence he crouched low. Suddenly he saw the sharp, bright gleam of an electric flashlight. It dis- closed the outlines of two men moving toward him across the causeway-- In an instant the light was gone. But Ramsey's eyes had marked his target. His gun spat fire. A startled, muttered curse told him that his bullet had reached its mark. Again his gun barked. He heard his assailants floundering in mud and water as they retreated. The com- batants settled themselves for a term of vigilant waiting. Jack realized that the encircling swamp made his island camp a prison as well as a refuge. His assailants knew this too and were keeping the only exit, along the causeway, covered. Ramsey's back was to the wall! That he should admit defeat and re- 