The Unbelievable 33 and not unpopular figure in and around the old brownstone building. Often since then he had looked back with pleasure to the nights spent in "the back room where the boys gathered and passed the time in spinning yarns of their experi- ences. A moment later Song Kee entered that back room. He was greeted clamorous- ly by its occupants. Laughing and jok- ing he crossed to the table where a big man sat, his chair tilted back against the wall, his hat pulled forward over his eyes. "Hello, Mr. Delaney," Song Kee said in purring, good-natured tones. The big man looked up. "Well, dog-gone it, if it ain't a Ching- a-ling! How's your soul, you yeller heathen ? Wha'd'y' want around here ?" Song Kee took the man's rough greet- ing in good part. "What do I want?" he laughed. "Maybe I want- to hear Mr. Delaney tell about the Grenville murder." Delaney glanced at him suspiciously. "Say, what's your interest in the Grenville case?" he asked belligerently. "Oh, nothing much. I just promised a friend I'd look into it." Delaney spat disgustedly. "Well, you'll be wastin' your time. The case is an open and shut thing. Grover's the guy, and we got him. That's all there is about that." "I thought perhaps--" Song Kee be- gan. "Aw, fergit it." Delaney interrupted. "The Grenville dame was croaked and Grover done it. He was caught with the goods, wasn't he ?" Didn't the cham- bermaid see him ?" "Well, according to the papers she didn't actually see him stab the woman." "Naw. But she seen him near the woman just before she was stabbed and that's enough for me. Besides, didn't we find his finger-prints on the dagger and he himself says he never touched it after it was in the woman. Then he must have touched it before, mustn't he?" Song Kee shook his head meditatively. "I--I suspose so," he said, "still--" Delaney pushed back his chair vio- lently. "Aw, say, you! You make me sick --always buttin' in where you ain't wanted. You--" he paused. Then his manner changed. "Say," he went on, "some of the boys around here think I'm sore on you be- cause of that little mess we had awhile ago. Now just to show 'em the kind of guy I am I'll make you a proposition. If you think you can get anythin' out of this here Grenville case I've missed, go to it! Go as far as you like and I'll help you." Song Kee's mild eyes gleamed with excitement. "You mean that, Mr. Delaney?" "I said it, didn't I?" Song Kee pulled up a chair and for a quarter of an hour the two men talked in whispers, Song Kee speaking quickly and excitedly, Delaney listening and making replies in the tolerant manner one uses toward a child. Then they got up and left the building. They took the Subway downtown to Headquarters, where on Delaney's au- thority Song Kee was permitted to ex- amine the dagger throught the agency of which Irene Grenville had met her death. It was an oddly shaped weapon, with a long handle roughly carved, tapering toward the blade. There was no guard dividing handle and blade. The blade was of an unusual narrowness, shaped like an enlarged bodkin, very sharp at the point, duller at the sides. With Delaney standing impatiently by, Song Kee favored the deadly instru- ment with a long examination. Twice he laid it back on the table and turned away from it. But something about it seemed B. M.--Nov.--3 33 