The Dark Brown Dress By Meredith Beyers I THIS story begins with the tale one Henry Grover told Meroe before seven in the morning, after I had ushered him into the room. We had never seen him before. He was bald, with the exception of a curious and rather ugly strip of black hair at the back of his head. His eye- brows were heavy and black, and above the left one there was a mole with a long hair growing out of it which seemed to bother the eye beneath. He tilted back his head to gaze at us from under half- lowered lids which seemed too heavy to raise themselves. His face was smooth and molded with odd lines about the mouth. "I have a room on the sixth floor of the Buckminster, facing south," he said. "My desk makes an angle with the win- dow, and I sit so the light comes from the left and a little behind. By slightly turning my head, I can see the face of the Claridge across the rather narrow street. "Now you must have observed, Mr. Meroe, that it is unpleasant to be stared at; that there is something distressingly tangible about it even when you are not aware of the owner or the location of the eyes which are staring at you. This feeling came to me yesterday afternoon. I looked hastily about the room. My door was closed and I was alone. I looked out of the window. Opposite stretched the windows of the sixth floor of the Claridge. Every ten yards was a set of bay windows. Not directly oppo- site, but just three or four windows to the right, was the third of these sets. "There I glanced, instinctively, and rather furtively trying to conceal the fact. In the side window was the back of a settee. Beyond this I saw a rather stout and elderly woman with slightly gray hair and a dark brown dress sitting motionless in a rocking chair and star- ing at me. "This annoyed me so that I resolved to outstare her. I turned my chair slightly and directed a defiant glare which I held for perhaps thirty seconds before I discovered that she had not been looking at me at all. She took ab- solutely no notice of my action. "Laughing at myself, I attempted once more to resume my writing, but again felt the irresistible impulse to turn my eyes. . . . Still the steady stare. Then for the first time I noticed some- thing just above the back of the left end of the settee. It was the head of a man. The confused reflections at that part of the window had prevented me from dis- tinguishing him before. Of course! I thought to myself. The man was un- doubtedly talking to her, and she was listening very attentively. But my train of thoughts had been wrecked and work was useless, so I put on my hat and went out fot a walk. "It was nearly supper time, so I went downtown to my favorite restaurant. On the way home I stopped, as is my custom, at the Public Library. It was late when I returned to bed. As I opened my window I noticed that the bay window was dark, and presumed, of course, that the man and woman had retired. 91 