36 The Light That Lies him from overhead observation. He lifted his head above the ridge and in- spected the growth on the other side of the road. Then he saw it. It was the reflec- tion of the sunlight on the tail lamp of an automobile, drawn up in the bushes. Now he could make out the shape of the car behind the curtain of leaves. How had it come there? It hadn't arrived since he had. Why should anyone leave a car there ? When was the owner coming back? Suppose he arrived when Slim Bates came for him. Then this other car might take up the pursuit, and he would be taken back. Everyone knew he was out now, and they knew about the guard too. He cursed. Why was anyone using this road? It wasn't a highway. There weren't even any ranches on it. Probably it was only a joyrider who had smashed up his car, and it would stay there for a day or two. But that explanation didn't satisfy. The man could see that other car pur- suing him. He knew his friends would send a racing car, and they could out- run that thing in the bushes. But the police might see the race. And then where would he be? Even now there might be someone waiting behind that screen of leaves. The car preyed on his mind. The convict tried to turn his back on it-- to forget it. But always he returned to gaze on it and vision the pursuit through the night. He had to do some- thing. Like a sprinter he drew himself up on his finger-tips. Like a streak of dirty gray he hurled himself across the road to fall panting beside the car. With a twist he rolled into the brush. Fearing almost to breathe, he lay still. But there was no stir in the car. The whir of a winging grasshopper was the only sound other than his own labored breathing. With infinite caution the man edged his way up to the front of the car. Carefully he raised himself to his knees. Now that he was there what was he going to do ? He was not familiar with the mechanism of automobiles, but he knew the engine was the source of its trouble as well as its power. He had seen Slim Bates working on a flivver once, and he had Hfted the hood. Slowly he released the catches of the hood of this car that stood between him and liberty. Gently he raised it until the engine was revealed. Then he looked with bewilderment at the unfathomed mysteries before him. Baffled, he couldn't decide what to do. Wires led everywhere, and the thing seemed inclosed in an impassable cas- ing of iron. But the wires were open. With teeth showing in rage, he caught them where they led from the fuse-board and tore them loose. There was the ferocity of murder in the strength that broke the set screws from the board. "Now get me," he snarled as he lowered the hood into place. II Robert Emmet Long was in a hurry. He didn't like driving at night, par- ticularly through the Bayfield cutoff. About half a mile from the main high- way his lights blinked twice, then went out. There was a screech of protesting brakes as he brought the car to a stop. "Wait till I get that garage man," Long groaned as he climbed out. The trouble wasn't much. Just a loose con- nection and in a few minutes he had found it. The lights blinked several times, then settled into a steady glow. "Thank God, you got here, bo. Where's Slim Bates?" 