18 The Man in the Black Mask Our trip of inspection over, Travis and I returned to the others, when sud- denly the curtain which marked the en- trance to the tunnel used by the masked man parted and he appeared before us. He nodded curtly to me and asked me to step aside for a second. _ "Larson," he said jerkily--almost nervously I thought--"they have dis- covered Backus' body and are raising the devil. Things are getting more complicated all the time. What are we going to do?" "Indeed," I smiled. "You hardly thought that as big a thing as the mur- der of the chief of police would pass unnoticed, did you? You should have realized that before you killed him!" He nodded his head grimly. "It's awful--awful!" he muttered. Then he stopped suddenly "I forgot," he murmured. "You are in no position to give advice, nor I to ask it. I must work out my own salva- tion--mine and--" He was about to turn away, hesi- tated, then again addressed me. "Larson," he said, "you can believe me or not--probably you won't--but I did not kill Backus, nor was I present when he met his death. Would to God I had been, and I might have prevented it." His agitation;" as well as his words, puzzled me. I noticed that his hand was shaking as he reached out meJ chanically and selected a cigar from the box which stood on the table. Striking a match, he applied the flame to the end. As he did so, I made a discovery which almost brought me to my feet with a jerk. By the light of the match I noticed a small scar in the palm of his hand. That morning I had noticed a similar scar on the palm of John Grimes, presi- dent of the Elkhorn Chemical Com- pany! "The Man in the Black Mask" was not Joan Marne, but her uncle! John Grimes, the man who had hired me, was the traitor who had betrayed his colleagues--the murderer of Henry Backus! But was he? A short time before he had declined a cigar with the statement that he did not smoke. Now he was smoking. And what about the hairpin I had found? The case had me baffled. It was growing more complex every min- ute. Who was "The Man in the Black Mask?" CHAPTER X I spent an uneventful night with my guards, Travis, who, as I have said, seemed to be in charge, taking me at my word and paying no attention to me ex- cept to assign me to a bunk. A guard, however, was posted, not on my account, but, as my jailor informed me, at the orders of "The Man in the Black Mask," who had insisted that a sentinel be maintained at all hours of the day and night to ward against a possible surprise. This routine had been maintained ever since they had occupied the cave. I slept fittle during the early part of the night, however. There was con- stantly revolving through my mind the question of who the mysterious leader was--if he was a man. There was enough evidence against Innis, Grimes and Joan to have convicted any one of them before an average jury. That was the trouble--there was too much evi- dence. The more I -studied over the situa- tion, the more I was convinced that there was a flaw in my reasoning some- where. One of the three was guilty. But which? Finally, I dropped off into a troubled sleep, the last thing I was conscious of being a vague remembrance of an argu- 