86 The Murder at Lost Greek thought, and stumbled toward it madly, rubbing my eyes with my fists to keep them open. Twice the light vanished, and each time tears came to my eyes, while I sobbed likea child. Then, each time, a lull in the whirling world of whiteness showed it again. I thought I should never reach it, and was sobbing from despair when suddenly I saw a shadow loom before me and I fell against a door. The next moment there was a sudden blaze of light that blinded me and a blast of warm air against my face. I was conscious of falling forward on a hard floor, and of a woman's fright- ened cry. Then all was black. II When I regained consciousness my first feeling was of pain, white-hot, sear- ing pain that darted across my face like little streaks of fire. I moved and my whole body responded with a great swell of torture. I could not help but cry out from it, and jj heard a quick stir at the other side of the room where I lay in a bunk. I turned my eyes, and saw a cabin typical of the trapper's shacks scattered throughout the north country, with a rifle over the fireplace where pine sticks blazed, and great bunches of furs hang- ing on the walls; rich, glossy pelts of marten and fox. Then the girl bent over me. M'sieu, she was beautiful. She was young, not more than twenty, I thought, and her skin was''white like new milk shaded as by rich cream from wind and sun. Her lips I should have sworn were painted had not the cut of her belted, dress and the way her black hair was piled loose on her head told me here was a girl who knew little of civilization. She was a wild thing of the woods, sweet and beautiful like the flowers. The hand she laid on my head was soft and cool, and, m'sieu, I swear it, under that touch the pain left as snow melts before the breath of the Chinook in the spring. "Where am I ?" I asked. "You are safe," she half whispered the words, and threw a nervous glance over her shoulder toward the door. | Then ,she smiled, but still I saw fear in her eyes. She brought me hot broth then, and scalding tea, that loosened a little the grip of the frost devils in my body and set the blood flowing more freely. But still I could not get up, for my legs were swollen and aching with the rheumatism in them. The cold of the north does not easily let go its grip. That day I lay and watched the girl move about the cabin working, cooking over thd small stove in one corner, sew- ing, or turning drying pelts that hung on the walls. But always she seemed lis- tening, and at each sound at the door she started nervously. Often she would press her face to the window glass, striving to pierce the ter- rible murky whiteness outside. For the storm still tore on in its mad dance, and made the day almost dark as night so that the lamp had to be kept burning. And as I lay there watching the girl, who every now and then threw a half- fearful glance at nfe, or staring at the smoked rafters of the roof, I had a feel- ing that here in this cabin I had stumbled on some mystery of the north--which hides so much that is terrible and tragic. The wind screeched mournfully over the chimney and I got to fancying that at times it laughed, yes, m'sieu, actually laughed, like some fiend that watches and waits for the enacting of tragedy to satisfy its bloodthirsty humor. And ! wondered what it was out in that white storm that the girl feared. The day wore on, and again the great darkness stole over the north country and blotted out the dim light that filtered through the falling snow. And with the night the girl's nervousness and fears 