112 The Yellow Dog ing hours, whether at nine o'clock or at eleven, Isidore Marcovitch, the old pro- prietor, a gray-haired, stooping-figured Hebrew, busied himself, alone, unaided, in transferring his most valuable wares from his window and counter to a large safe which stood in the rear of the shop. And, dingy and old-fashioned as. the shop was, there were valuables in it which made Hankinson covetous. Hankinson made his preparations carefully. First of all, he convinced himself that this hiding away of goods was a nightly performance; Secondly, he made sure that the old man was always alone when the per- formance was gone through. Thirdly, he came to know that the only other occupant of the house was a girl--quite a young girl, presumably Marcovitch's granddaughter--who ap- peared to live in the upper regions. Hankinson formed the opinion--on good grounds--that this young woman retired to bed long before closing hours on Friday nights; at any rate, there was a window in the very upper room in which a light shone for a while every night at half-past nine. He grew to be positively certain that, beyond this girl, there was nobody on the premises save Marcovitch himself, and that Marcovitch was the only waking thing in the house when he put his goods in the safe on Friday evenings. Obviously, then, Friday was the day of excellent choice. But Hankinson did not content him- self with outside observation only. He felt it necessary to see the inside of that shop at close quarters. Therefore he invented a good excuse for visiting it twice--by taking something to mend and calling for the mended article a few days later. On these occasions he inspected this new hunting ground with due care. After the second inspection he told himself that it was all right. The big safe in which old Marcovitch stowed his best things stood detached from the wall; between the wall and it there was a space in which a man could easily be- stow himself unnoticed. The only dif- ficulty was to secure an unobserved en- trance to the shop. For long, vigilant observation had shown Hankinson that when Marcovitch was not behind his counter the curly-headed boy invariably was. Hankinson watched for his oppor- tunity on two successive Friday eve- nings. At ten minutes to eleven on the second opportunity came. For some reason or other the old jeweler sent the lad out of the shop. A moment later he himself quitted the counter, and dis- appeared into the rear premises. And thereupon Hankinson slipped in, and an instant later had hidden himself between the safe and the wall. There were old coats and cloaks, dusty and musty, hanging there, and they made good cover. If Marcovitch, when he came back, had narrowly in- spected these ancient garments he might have found Hankinson's nose protrud- ing at one place and his feet at another. But Marcovitch suspected nothing, and Hankinson was well skilled in holding his breath. The usual routine of the establish- ment went on placidly. The curly- headed boy presently put up the shut- ters and went away, pocketing his wages. Marcovitch locked, chained and bolted his door. He disappeared into the pawn-broking part of his shop. Han- kinson heard more bolting and barring. Then, from some inner part of the premises, he heard the sound of a with- drawn cork, and a little gurgling and splashing. The old man, said Hankin- son to himself, was about to refresh himself with a drink. Then came the scent of a strong, pungent cigar, and presently Marcovitch returned into view, a cigar in one cor- 