The Man Who Would Not Die 101 VII Human nature is peculiar. A circus always advertises a thriller as its chief attraction; people attend in the hope of seeing the performer make the one lit- tle miscalculation that will end fatally. The newspapers had heralded the an- nouncement sent them by Less- man in huge type. Their front pages shrieked forth in colored ink and huge type the news that at ten o'clock the mysterious man who in his letter con- fessed to the murder of Mrs. Winters and her maid would take another life. For miles people came for the pur- pose of enjoying what promised to be a thrilling spectacle. A score of police- men attempted to stem the tide, but without success. Around 1416 Broad- way, the street was packed for blocks in either direction. Even the reserves were called into action. In front of 1416 a knot of police- men, headed by Inspector Des Moines in person, waited stolidly, silently, in a suppressed fever of excitement, like soldiers waiting the signal for an at- tack. About them the crowd surged and stormed. But bent upon keeping the fiend from carrying out his threat, Des Moines had cleared the street for a space of nearly a hundred feet, hold- ing the curiosity seekers back with his cordon of bluecoats. Hundreds of automobiles were caught in the vortex of humanity, their drivers unable to either go forward or to' back out. The officers were forced to let well enough alone; to handle the jam was a task beyond the power of the guardians of the law. In one of the machines Des Moines recognized the pale, haggard face of Augustus Winters. The millionaire, huddled up in the back seat, his every movement showing the mental strain under which he was laboring, caught the inspector's eye and beckoned, Des Moines shouldered his way through the mass of humanity to the side of his automobile. "I've been caught in the crowd, in- spector, and we're unable to get out. Can't you help us? You can understand the awful agony that I am suffering at such a time." Des Moines shook his head. "Don't you realize, Mr. Winters, that if it were humanly possible, I'd have this street cleared and keep it cleared? My men are working in from the outside-- but it'll be a job of hours, I'm afraid." "But, my God, man! You are not going * to allow this murder to take place, are you?" Des Moines shrugged his shoulders. "Out of the hundreds of thousands of people packed in this vicinity, Mr. Winters, show me how to pick out the one man--the man I want. My hands are tied. There is nothing for me to do. I must bide my time .and wait for the fiend to strike." Suddenly, the aged millionaire clutched the other's shoulder. His eyes dilated. He leaned forward, his muscles twitching, his face ashen and drawn. "Oh, God!" he shrieked. "It's happening! Look! Look!" His long, skinny forefinger pointed far out over the heads of the crowd. And then he fell in a heap on the bot- tom of the car in a dead faint. Des Moines leaped upon the running board of the machine and gazed in the direction Winters had pointed Then, with a yell, he jumped to the ground, and, hurling people to the right and left, plunged through the mass of hu- manity like a maddened bull. For Officer Ryan, a strapping figure of a man, with the muscular figure of an athlete, who, a second before, had been in the prime of health, had' sud- denly thrown his arms in the air. For an instant he wove backwards and for- wards, his face twisted, every muscle 