The Too-Easy Alibi 111 store, Joe had departed with Cummings, consequently his actions during the thirty-five minutes were satisfactorily accounted for. He could not be con- victed for killing Pug, for his alibi was perfect. Perfect! The detective inserted Joe's key in the door of Pug's room. Joe fought to control himself; he must appear aston- ished and appalled, as though he had not anticipated seeing'the lifeless body of his friend. There would be a ludicrous expression of surprise on Pug's face; the bootlegger would be lying on the bed, or on the floor nearby. The key fitted the lock on Pug's door. Joe was sure of this fact, for he had entered by the door on his first visit to Pug that morning. He had made his second visit by way of the fire-escape, because Pug had tilted a,chair under- neath the doorknob to prevent another visit. The detective pushed the door open, shoving the tilted chair to the floor. Joe was alert, ready to be shocked by what they would find. Again a crawl- ing fear squirmed across his scalp. He closed his eyes, fearing to see that limp, sprawled body. From a distance, Cummings's voice sounded. It was a placid, indifferent voice, quiet and composed. "Well, I guess Pug has gone out to breakfast," the detective said calmly. Joe opened his. eyes. He saw a dis- ordered room, the overturned chair, the bedclothes disarranged, but no sign of Pug. There were no splotches on the floor, nor any evidence that a man had been hurt or killed. And the body had disappeared! The detective rummaged in a small closet, and discovered an empty bottle underneath some soiled clothes. He held the dark brown bottle aloft. It was empty. "No evidence of bootlegging here," he said. "Let's get out." Joe was stupefied. He stood in horri- fied bewilderment, looking for some trace of the man he had killed. His mouth seemed hollow, and his eyes were huge and full of biting pains. Again and again he stared at the bed, where he had last seen Pug. Nothing there. Nothing. Joe forced himself across the room, and put his hand in the depres- sion in the bed made by Pug when he had dropped back after being knifed. Nothing. Pug was nowhere in the room. And there were no stains upon the floor, nor any evidence that the bootlegger had been killed. "Come on," said Cummings, "I'm go- ing to take a look at your room." Joe did not reply, but followed the detective from the room and down the stairs. Terror whimpered in the squat man's mind, horrible fear coursed through his veins and he stumbled as he descended the uncarpeted steps. Even though his alibi was perfect, a premoni- tion seized him. He recalled Pug's face with its expression of ludicrous surprise. The detective stopped and opened Joe's door. The short, squat man hesitated in the hallway, held motion- less by a mysterious dread. Again his frantic mind assured him that his alibi was perfect, that if his actions during the morning were investigated he would not be convicted of murder. A muffled curse came from Cum- mings. The word held horror and dis- may and astonishment. And an in- tangible force impelled Joe into his own room where the detective stood. Cummings was staring at the window in dazed surprise. Joe's hunted eyes followed the detective's glance, and-- his body snapped into numbness. Pin- pricks of biting cold bit into his brain. All his strength vanished from him. And then the short, squat man began to scream. Shriek after shriek came from Joe's bulging throat, each rising higher and higher. No words issued 