22 The Phantom Check "They sent me down to meet you," Koontz explained, "for fear the crimi- nals might be on the lookout and spot one of the regular men from the bank." "Good idea that, Mr. Koontz," the detective chuckled. "I infer from that that the papers haven't published the good tidings that you've called in an outside man." "Not yet, Mr. Cheever," Koontz nodded emphatically. "We're going to wait till you catch the criminals." . "Be patient," Cheever counselled him. "Maybe we'll never catch them." "You'd better," Koontz growled, "if the bank is to be kept solvent." Koontz let the detective into the bank by a private door, and introduced him at once to the President, Samuel Wines. "What's the trouble, Mr. Wines?" Cheever inquired. "If we knew exactly," the other an- swered earnestly, "we'd be in a better position to end it. Your presence here proves our utter helplessness." "Well, suppose you tell me every- thing from the very start," Cheever suggested. "Give me the facts, I'll fill in the theory by and by." Wines was a man accustomed to brev- ity and he was not long in laying the main features of the remarkable series of robberies before the detective. "Some mighty clever person is at work," Cheever declared thoughtfully. "Don't believe I ever struck anything that on the surface, at any rate, gave less indication as to the how of the rob- bery." "You don't despair at the outset?" Wines inquired in some little alarm. "No," the detective answered, "but it's a good rule to not underestimate your foe. Somebody with brains is engineering this job." Abruptly he turned to the President: "How about your employees?" "They are reliable, I think," Wines assured him. "At least we have nothing to indicate the contrary, Hackett in par- ticular." "Remember, Mr. Wines," Cheever suggested dryly, "that only good men ab- scond. The others don't get the chance, and even if the stealing is done from the inside, Hackett may be innocent." "How are you going to proceed?" the President asked. "Well, first I'll look over the bank in a general way." The President conducted him over the building and finally led him along the aisle back of the tellers' cages. Here he halted and quietly pointed out Hackett at window number one. He was busy sorting out his cash pre- paratory to the day's work and Cheever could not fail to note his pallid features nor the nervous twitching of his slender fingers. Teller number one was plainly at the limit of his nervous energy. He might snap at any moment. Just off from his cage was a room with a big table in the center practically occupying its entire space. The moment the detective glimpsed this very private room and noted its proximity to Hackett's cage, he turned to Wines and asked quickly: "What's this room?" "The Directors'," the other answered. "I'll use it," Cheever informed him. "Now, Mr. Wines, I want the checks from Hackett's window all brought in here. Have one of the clerks do it quietly, let's see, every half hour." "What are you going to do with them?" Wines asked in surprise. "Play solitaire," Cheever grinned. "Don't you want to look over the bank any farther?" "No, Mr. Wines, I'm satisfied. I like this room. It's private and handy, though not a good listening post. Don't let any one bother me, and don't forget to send me Hackett's checks, all of them too, every half hour. And Mr. Wines," 