120 The Catspaw me with a suspicion of a twinkle in his eyes. "The little cuss is a scrapper as I told you," he chuckled. "Look at the way he girds up his loins for action at the mere mention of taking a part in the scrap. Take him and welcome--but don't let him get hurt." With a curt nod of thanks, I picked up the cat and carried him upstairs to my own room. For the next half hour the little animal and myself were busily engaged among the retorts and tubes which Doctor Maxwell had brought from his laboratory for experimental purposes during his enforced detention and w'hich I borrowed for my own uses. When I had completed my task I turned to the furred beauty with a smile of satisfaction: "Teta," I whispered, "this whole af- fair is a secret between the two of us. I thought that I was on the right track-- and now I know it. You're the boy who'll bring home the bacon. It's up to you to get the men who killed your pals--Lannagan and Deets. Will you do it?" There are some people who claim that cats have no intelligence. I stand ready to swear that Teta, Morgan Peck's cat, understood every word I said. For he rubbed against my leg with a loud pur-r-r-r of satisfaction and immediately took up his station close to the door as if clamoring for action. We went down the stairs together. I stopped at both front and rear doors and gave my instructions to- the opera- tives on watch: "I want to be informed the minute the cat meows to get out," I instructed them. "Pass this word on to the men who will relieve you. Remember, no excuses go. Before he is let out, I am to be called!" Fifteen minutes later Olmstead, on duty at the rear door, called to me: "The cat's howling at my station," he said. I followed the animal to the door and personally let him outside. VI Across the lawn I followed the cat with my eyes until he disappeared around the corner of a nearby garage. O'Leary and Cain, the two men on duty on the grounds, had had their orders. As Teta disappeared down the alley I saw O'Leary dodge around a nearby bush and follow him. A second later he reappeared and approached the house. "Your friend, the cat, went into a barn that's been transformed into a garage at 1424 North Tenth, just five houses below here," he reported with a grin. "And if you'll pardon the joke, chief, I've shadowed darned near everything that walks, but it's the first time I ever trailed a cat." Stepping to the telephone, I called up my friend Hitchens, chief of detectives, who was cooperating with us in every way possible. Satisfied with the results of my conversation, I sat down to spend the remainder of the afternoon among Peck's books. Suddenly the phone at my elbow jangled. Turning, I picked up the re- ceiver and answered the call. The same metallic voice that had talked to Peck the day of Lannagan's murder answered my gruff "Hello!" "Peck ?" he asked. "I'll call him," I responded. "Never mind," the other answered. Then as I hesitated for words, the voice went on: "Tell your boss he can prepare for an- other killing! It may be him and it may be another, but his time is coming soon!" The voice died away in the same harsh laughter that I had heard before. I hung up the receiver with a bang and jiggled the hook to attract the atten- tion of "Central." An instant later I was connected with my friend Armstrong 