56 More Deadly than the Viper others, the latter number wearing mitre-shaped hats. "His pains have caused him to swoon," reported one of the Lamas, having bent over Tremaine. "Look ye, his camel lies yonder." . . . After a moment of whispered con- sultation the four Lamas lifted Tre- maine and carried him inside the monastery. Following the harsh clang of the closing portal, he was borne some distance--up flights of stairs and through dark, incense- laden corridors--and at length placed upon something cold and hard, a kang, he imagined. Three of the Lamas retreated, leav- ing the fourth, the one with the scarf, to light a candle and examine the American; and during this per- formance it required great control on the part of Tremaine, for a single twitch of a muscle might have betrayed him. Presently one of the monks re- turned bearing ointment, a cloth and a bowl of water. The latter he passed to the other Lama and whilst the priest of the white scarve held the receptacle he bathed and dressed the cut in Tre- maine s arm. When this was done they departed in silence, taking the candle and clos- ing the door easily behind them. Tremaine opened wide his eyes. Instead of the darkness that he ex- pected as the natural result of the withdrawal of the light, a long iron- barred window allowed the stream of moonlight to crust the floor beneath the casement with pearl and bring into vague outline the walls and ceiling of a small cell-like room. There was no furniture other than the kang upon which he lay. A raw chill pervaded the atmos- phere, making him shiver and shake. Too, the ordeal through which he had just passed had left him with a feel- ing of physical weakness. He won- dered if he would ever forget the piteous whine of the camel .... A shudder swept him. Rising from the stone bed, he crept to the door, his hand closing over the knob. To his surprise the door was not bolted, but swung inward with a mild whine of hinges, disclosing a gloom-strictured corridor. As he started to step over the threshold his ears caught a faint pat- pat-pat--a sound that suggested the padded footfalls of a feline animal-- coming from somewhere in the dark passage. He drew back into the room, hesi- tated ; closed the door and returned to the kang. He had scarcely stretched himself out upon the cold stone when from beneath lowered lids he saw the door open slowly--saw a misty figure take birth in the maw of darkness. His sensation, as the person entered, was not unlike an electric shock, for, he perceived, it was a woman. She wore something that corus- cated in the moonlight and her hair, the shade of a Tibetian night, was unbound in a black flood about her shoulders. And the face! In the moonlight it was clear-cut, like a piece of marble--an alluring mani- festation of a hundred voices, a face more wickedly lovely than any he had ever beheld. The lips were full, smears of dark in the wan light, and flames of jet burned in the heavy- lidded eyes. She moved across the crusting of pearly light, her garments shimmer- ing sinisterly, and bent over him, her body radiating a warmth that was sweet, like bruised sandalwood. She laughed, the musical peals suggesting shattered crystals. "My white mummy!" he heard her murmur in the Sartang Mongol dia- 