The Heart on the Mantel By Paul Everman WHEN I first saw it move I became sceptical as to the worth of my vision. A dead man's heart, cut from his body, sealed in a glass jar of alcohol-- why should it move, how could it move? This heart was by far the most hor- rible thing in Leon Campeau's collec- tion of human debris. As his room- mate and fellow student in medicine I had tolerated the clutter of bones and skulls he had picked up, also the im- maculate skeleton which leered gro- tesquely at me from its tall, glass-doored case. But to me this heart, this lump of muscle and tissue, seemed hardly ap- propriate as a companionable ornament. Leon had brought it in that very morning, delighted in its acquisition, for it was on the heart that he was special- izing. He had secured it, he explained, with the connivance of a keeper of the morgue. He had bribed this keeper, he told me, to allow him to remove the heart from the body of a derelict who was to be buried that morning in the potter's field. A clever fellow, Leon! The heart was now where he had placed it--in its jar on the mantel--a reddish-brown lump that seemed but a deep shadow against the. vestal white- ness of wall that rose behind and above. With one elbow propped on my lit- tered study table, I watched the thing nervously. Had it really moved, or was my imagination flighty? There! It moved again--I was sure. Yes, it moved; an almost imperceptible flutter in its liquid preservative. I stared. It jerked again . . . again . . . The jerks were weak, clumsy, measured. The thing was coming to life; it was beating. I shuddered and glanced quickly be- hind me, all about the room. But I was alone--alone except for a dead man's heart. Leon was away on one of his nightly amours, and Frangois Bourlin, a fellow student who was specializing in diseases of the lungs, my own major, had spent the earlier part of the night with me. We had little of the brilliance of Leon, who at a glance could grasp the mean- ing of an entire page and retain it, who could hear more with a stethescope than we could see with our eyes, whose skill with the knife had aroused admiration from the greatest surgeons of the fac- ulty. No, we were grubs. We worked for what knowledge we got. But when we got it we did not boast of it as Leon boasted of his accomplishments. Francois had left at nine-thirty, and it was after ten when I noticed the first movement from the heart. Its beats were now growing stronger. I could see the alcohol ripple in tiny waves with each rhythmic beat. I listened--and heard a gentle splash, splash, splash, as regular yet not so metallic as the ticking of a watch. Suddenly the heart flopped convul- sively and drifted with the gentlest movement to the top of the jar. It was beating steadily now. It circled slowly about the jar, like an exhausted bird not sure of its direction. "It's impossible," I muttered to my- self. "It can't be. It's my nerves, my mind. I've worked too hard. I must be careful." By a supreme effort I forced my eyes 72 