126 Brothers-of-the-Coast bella? I call her not to mind. There were many women in my life--many, many of them. Harry Morgan's way, you know." "At Panama," I shouted. There was a red mist before my eyes. How I hated the man! If I had much to answer for, what punishment could fit his crimes? "Ah, yes, at Panama. I tired of her quickly, and she went the way of the rest. But what would you do? I died peaceably in my bed, Holyoak, not on the rack as the Spaniards hoped I would. How can you avenge your black-eyed aristocrat? What can you do to a man who has been dead these two centuries and more?" The pirates laughed, and pounded their flagons on the table. Something snapped in my brain. The room grew black, save for that lean, sneering face, framed by its gray curls. Morgan had thrust back his chair, and risen, smiling. I was unarmed, but I rushed at him --all my fear of the man swept away in the passionate urge for vengeance. He carried a long knife in the scarlet sash around his waist. I tore it away-- knowing that the man was a ghost and that I could do him no harm. I swung the glittering blade aloft--and then the blackness of death enveloped me--I felt the salt foam on my lips. I--I-- III Excerpt from the Port Royal Jamaican: A most unfortunate occurrence marred the brilliant "Buccaneer Fete," given in honor of the Governor last night. An American sailor, named Holyoak, deserted from his ship, the Mary Rose, which sailed yesterday for Boston. He went to the Blue Anchor tavern, which had been a favorite resort of Sir Henry Morgan's crew, in the old days of the brothers-of-the-coast, apparently much the worse for drink. An old Chinaman named Hong Fat had persuaded Holyoak that he was a reincarnated member of the bucca- neers who sacked Panama. Everyone pres- ent in the Blue Anchor had heard of the hoax. They deluded the drunken sailor into believing that they were all Morgan's men, returned to life. Holyoak apparently became crazed with fear, snatched a machete from the girdle of Lieutenant Buckenham, who was impersonating Sir Henry Morgan, and stabbed himself. . . . IV On the same day the New Bedford Herald told of the suicide of a woman named Mary Logan, who had stabbed herself with a sailor's knife--a curio owned by Benjamin Harrison, and said to have been carried at the sack of Panama by Sir Henry Morgan! 