The Man in the Black Mask 15 figure," he responded. "What I am is different. I am a man with a mission. That mission is to extract money from the rich." "I. W. W. or Bolsheviki?" "The Man in the Black Mask" chuckled again. "Neither. I have gathered this little band about me to carry out my ideals. After all neces- sary expenses are paid, the remainder of the money which I extort from the rich will be divided among, the poor. Later, I will move on to some new field of endeavor. There you have the story in a nutshell. You will probably call me insane. I am not. I am an idealist." "But this cave?" "Merely a part of the workings of an old stone quarry. I discovered it quite by accident. It Is large and roomy and has been made thoroughly comfortable for my men and myself. I light it by tapping one of the wires leading from the power plant. The power company is rich and will never miss the electricity I use. We depend on it for cooking, also. The smoke from a fire might be- tray us, you know!" "I surmise that you used some sort of silencer when you fired upon the tower ?" "Merely an enlargement of the Maxim attached to a one pounder. I got the&lt;gun here by express, in parts, as I did all of my other equipment. We are prepared to withstand almost any ordinary at- tack, for we have several machine guns and a large quantity of ammunition. Food we have in plenty. There is a spring of fresh water bubbling out of the ground at the other end of the cave. "My men are all experts. Although I must confess that Pedro, my gunner --he was trained in the'Italian army and is an artist in his line--miscalculated slightly and hit the tower a trifle too low. Really, it was inexcusable, for he had the range down to inches." He arose and stretched himself. "I must leave you now, Captain. I trust there is no necessity for reminding you again of your parole ?" "May I ask one more question?" "Certainly." "You spoke of holding me for ran- som. Suppose we--that is, my friends and myself--decide to pay immediately ? Will I then be released or held here?" "You will be kept here, until our plans are matured whether you pay now or later." "And in case we refuse ?" There was no hesitation on the part of the man as he replied in a voice of icy coldness: - "Let us not talk of unpleasant things. You will be killed--murdered in cold blood--as a warning'that it is not wise to fight 'The Man in the Black Mask I'" He, turned upon his heel and disap- peared around a corner of the wall. CHAPTER VIII As "The Man in the- Black Mask" left me, I sat down and took an inven- tory of the affair as it stood up to date. As a first-class detective I had proven myself a success--with a vengeance. Speaking from the standpoint of a mili- tary strategist I had attained my ob- jective. But the devil of it was that I couldn't let loose of it, now that I had it. I had succeeded in running the mys- terious blackmailer to his lair and he had proved to be a boomerang, for the probabilities were extremely strong that I would remain there for considerable time after he had departed. For there was little likelihood that the board of directors would put up any large ransom to get me out of the hole into which I had succeeded in burying myself. I might succeed in raising the amount my- self were I at liberty, but in my present circumstances things looked hopeless. Was I wrong in having given my 