Fear By Pettersen Marzoni I Hartley Brentwood, of Barnes, Brentwood and Com- pany, was found in his apartment at 6 o'clock in the morning with a bullet wound in his head and a half- smoked cigarette in his fingers. "Yes, I killed him," John Barnes, senior member of the firm, told Inspec- tor Thorne, of the police department, three hours later when that officer found him at his country place. "I am ready to go with you." The tragedy had shocked the world of finance and society. Barnes and Brentwood were the only members of the firm of Barnes, Brentwood and Com- pany, bankers, which controlled the des- tinies of half the country's indus- tries. For fifteen years they had been business associates and leaders in finance. Barnes had made no attempt to avoid arrest--none even to hide his crime. An elevator boy had seen him leave Brentwood's apartment late the night before. The shot apparently had not been heard, because Brentwood's body had not been discovered until that morn- ing by his valet. "Why did you do it?" Thorne asked the banker the usual question, but he did it with unusual interest. He had been searching for a motive on his way out, but he could vision none. They were on the train then, return- ing to New York. Barnes offered to use one of his cars for the short ride, but Thorne was afraid to take a chance in spite of his apparent submission. Before Barnes answered, he looked toward the gleam of metal under his sleeves where the handcuffs showed. "Would you mind holding a cigar for me, Inspector?" Thorne looked at him a moment, then leaned over and unlocked the cuffs. "It's a long story," Barnes began, with a sigh of relief as he drew deep on his cigar. II Fifteen years ago my firm was Landis and Barnes. We were bankers and brokers of the old school. At least Landis was. Conservative, more con- servative than there was any need for. We had a safe business, but there was nothing in it. When I had started in as a clerk for old man Landis my one ambition had been to get in the firm. He was a leader then and he looked like he had a grip on the world. But when I did arrive I saw it was only a beginning. Landis wasn't really old physically, but his ideas were old. Younger men all around him had passed him in the race for money. He really didn't care an awful lot about making money. I liked him but I had to get ahead. It was just born in me. However, he con- trolled the business and poohpoohed every real idea I brought to him. We went right on making money his way, but it wasn't my way. I knew it was the time to cut loose for big things and I started planning on them. I couldn't leave Landis, because I needed his help for a while. Just about that time Brentwood came to work for me. I had insisted on a 69 