Blueberry Pie 15 gave it to Irene, told her the details about getting an undertaker. She and Mrs. Figg walked out of the morgue. Another step was fin- ished. She couldn't fail, now ! What should she do? Irene was sobbing again. "I wonder," she said, "if--if I dare ask you another favor. Could I bring her--the body---to you? Could she be embalmed there? I could go out and buy her a new dress--so--that, when we got her home . . . I'll get something right away. I can't bear to think of her in an undertaking shop. She wouldn't be in your house very long. I'll have my trunk sent there, too, with some things in it. I live in the country--I've been here a week--I'll go right home with--with her. To think that Grace. . . . "That's all right, dearie, don't carry on," said Mrs. Figg. "Of course, if it would make you feel any better--have it sent right out. ..." They stopped at an undertakers, near the morgue. The undertaker, it seemed, preferred embalming the body right there--get it ready for shipment. But, of course, if the lady-- Irene bought a coffin, paid in ad- vance for that and the embalming-- asked the undertaker to send the body at once and come later in the afternoon for the embalming, when she'd have the clothes there. He promised. Yes, that would be all right--the body had been on ice in the morgue. Irene left Mrs. Figg. She wanted to get the dress and to have her trunk sent, she said. She thanked that good lady again and again--in a little while she'd be back. VII Another subway ride. In her own apartment, Irene threw a couple of blankets into the big trunk, moved it into the hall, so that the express- man could get it if she were not there, spoke to Mrs. Peterson again. That woman! Still, if she were careful, it might work out all right. Irene went to a corner express of- fice and gave an order for the trunk to be called for at once and delivered to Mrs. Figg's. The subway again. A block from Mrs. Figg's, she passed another un- dertaker's establishment, and this gave her a new inspiration. She went in. She told the man a story that he accepted, though she was quite afraid he wouldn't. She had bought a cof- fin for her sister, she said. The body was to arrive there--just a block away--quite soon. Now, her brother had bought a better coffin. Would the undertaker buy the one--give her something for it. She told him what she had paid. He offered five dollars. She agreed, told him to call later--she would step in and let him know. It was taking a big chance. She had to get rid of the coffin if she could--had to keep Mrs. Figg from getting suspicious. Well, she was trusting to luck, anyhow--one thing more or less. At Mrs. Figg's, again. Neither the body nor the trunk had come. Irene sat there in that poor room, her handkerchief over her eyes. The trunk came first. It was put into the room. She paid the express man, didn't open the trunk. The body came a little later, in the poor, cheap coffin. The man opened th'e coffin. She asked him to. She was afraid she wouldn't know how. She said she wanted another look at her sister. Mrs. Figg came into the room, went out again. Irene closed the door, locked it--she wanted to be alone with--with the dead. She opened the trunk, worked hur- 