114 After Midnight with alacrity, he ordered the butler to serve all present. Dwyer wandered about the room for a few moments, touching a bit of furniture here, a drapery there, and puffing viciously on a strong and vile smelling cigar. After he had swallowed a large drink of old whis- key, wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, he asked that Mrs. Wil- loughby be called. "You heard this fellow scream?" he said turning to Lannen, while they waited for her appearance. "Yes." "Wake you up?" "No, I was awake." "How's that? Insomnia? What time did he scream?" "About half-past four, I should judge. No, I don't suffer with in- somnia. I'm usually a heavy sleeper." "Something else wakened you then ?" "Yes." "What?" "That's hard to say. Possibly being in a strange room and bed. I'm a guest here, you know, possibly the quiet of the country after the city-- or--I fancied I heard foot-steps out- side my door." Willoughby leaned forward. His black eyes lightened, the pu- pils became mere pin points. "What kind of foot-steps?" in- quired Dwyer. "That I can't state. I'm not pre- pared to say that I heard any. I may have fancied I did. If I did hear them, they were very soft--cautious I should say." "A man's or a woman's ?" "I don't know--but I think a man's." Willoughby sank back in the chair, gripping the arms of it with long stained fingers. "How long after you heard these foot-steps was it that you heard this scream ?" "I should judge thirty minutes. I lay in bed some little time, then un- able to sleep I got up and sat by the window." "Does your window face those greenhouses ?" "Yes." "Did you see this man enter the grounds ?" "No, I had left the window when he screamed." "And you saw nothing suspicious out there?" Lannen hesitated. He caught the glance his host directed toward him, and coughed. Something impelled him to say "No." Louise W'illoughby came into the room. She had removed her be- draggled evening gown, and had re- placed it with a tea gown of lavender satin and lace. Her face was ghastly pale in the morning light. Her eyes wide and very dark. Lannen suddenly felt a great pity for her. Her heavy mass of dark red hair she had let down and braided in- to a great rope which hung over one shoulder. It made her look younger, almost girlish. At her entrance Willoughby mere- ly raised his head, looked at her a second, then back toward the in- spector. She accepted the chair Lannen offered her. "You wished to see me?" she said. "Yes, Mrs. Willoughby. I'm sorry to disturb you, but this unfortunate death on your grounds makes it necessary." Dwyer's voice uncon- sciously softened xas he addressed her. "I understand. Please pardon my appearance, I had gone to bed." "You were the first to find the dead 