Thornton Smiled Significantly 89 with my secretary. I pretepded igno- rance and allowed the instrument to remain, though I knew of its presence from the beginning. It was an easy matter to run in another wire for my stenographer yesterday, in readiness for your return." He pressed the button on his desk and Miss Armstrong unlocked the door and entered. He handed her the envelope contain- ing the photograph. "Will you please mail that for me at once, Miss Armstrong? And register it, please?" The girl took the package and left the office. The woman took advantage of her opportunity and gained the safety of the outer office. She turned and glared evilly at Thornton. "Well, Mr. Thornton, for your trick- ery I'll reward you by telling you that Mrs. Thornton will receive a copy of that photograph in tomorrow morning's mail!" "Which won't particularly interest her," Thornton replied, smilingly, "as she will receive the original in this af- ternoon's mail. My secretary has just mailed it to her by registered mail." "You mailed that to--your wife?" the woman gasped, incredulously. "Certainly. You see, Miss Bender, a divorce is the best thing that could possibly be handed to both Mrs. Thorn- ton and myself. Our marriage is one that was never destined to last. It has survived this long only because of lack of sufficient grounds for divorce. And I would not think of bringing any un- pleasant notoriety to any lady--until you obligingly handed me what both Mrs. Thornton and myself have been seeking for months! Good day, and think you so much!" The woman stormed out of the office, furious at the circumstances that had robbed her of the large sum she had expected and nettled at the taunt- ing mockery in her intended victim's voice. A few minutes later Miss Armstrong returned. She handed her employer the postal receipt for the registered package. "Got it off all right?" he smiled. "Yes, it will probably be delivered this afternoon." "Good!" He smiled rather anx- iously. He turned suddenly to the girl. "Vallance, what was it you were day dreaming over yesterday when you didn't hear my ring for dictation?" The girl gazed at him in smiling un- certainty for a moment, the incident not coming to her instantly. "Oh, about the ring that woman was wearing," she replied, laughing sheep- ishly. "Well, it was one day dream that came true," Thornton said, reaching in his vest pocket. He withdrew his hand and placed the ring on her finger. The girl's eyes widened in astonishment, as she stared at the sparkling stone in disbelief. "Why, it's just like the one that-- woman wore!" she breathed in rapt admiration. "The stone is fully as large!" "Yes, it does resemble it somewhat, doesn't it ?" Thornton smiled signifi- cantly. 