100 The Man Who Would Not Die "Des Moines speaking. When did you get back ?" he asked casually, making an effort to hide the agitation that he felt. "When did I get back? I was not aware that I had been away!" answered the other testily. "What was it you wanted, inspector? Must be something important to call up at two o'clock in the morning. Have you secured some new information? Or, possibly you have the guilty wretch under ar- rest ?" Des Moines knew that he was defeat- ed. The least he could do was back out gracefully. It was not necessary to di- vulge his suspicions. He informed Win- ters as casually as he was able of the telephone message he had received from "The Man Who Would Not Die," re- serving, however, the information that the other had been masquerading as Winters. Then, he abruptly hung up the phone. The case was growing more puzzling every minute. Instead of the telephone call clearing up the mystery, he was forced to confess to himself that it only made it darker. VI Who was Lessman, the man who termed himself "The Man Who Would Not Die"? Was there such a person, or was it an alias? Des Moines, humped up in his chair, chewing his dry cigar, went oyer the case detail by detail. Figuratively speaking, he held it up to the light and dissected it bit by bit, piece by piece. And, when he had completed the process, he was obliged to confess himself as much in the dark as ever. Who was Lessman? Who was the man of iron nerve and diabolical cun- ning? Could it be Winters? The in- spector had been inclined to suspect the aged moneybags--was still disposed to do so--but what was his motive? Was he insane? Had he the ability--and the nerve--to carry out such a plot? And there, too, was his alibi, cast-iron, puncture proof. If Winters was not Lessman, who was? Could it be Doctor Bennett? The physician admittedly had more op- portunity to commit the murders than any one else. But, in his case, too, there was lacking the motive. Could young Johnson, the diamond salesman, be the man? In his case there was a motive--the theft of the brooch. But, on the other hand, there was nothing to show that he had ever visited the Win- ters home under any pretext. And it was natural to suppose that the person who could cause the death of both the mistress and the maid must have had, sometime at least, entree to the million- aire's residence. Des Moines had had both the physician and the salesman in- vestigated. The reports of his men, ly- ing on the desk before him, showed nothing against them. Who had spirited the body of Mrs. Winters from its casket? How could she, a dead woman, be alive? And Johnson, as well as other employees of Harden &amp; Company, swore that she had been? They had seen her--talked with her--nearly twenty-four hours after her reported death. How had the body of the maid been placed in the casket the mistress had occupied? Who was the disguised man who had so cleverly passed himself off on the em- ployees of the Biltmore as Augustus Winters ?" It was not until dawn was breaking that Des Moines gave up wrestling with the problem. And when, at last, tired and stiff from his long vigil, he arose and stretched himself, he was forced to admit that he knew no more than when he had first been called into the case. There was nothing to do but wait. 