The Trap Thief 41 Gage's name, where she lived, of her family and surroundings. "Sounds good to me," was his com- ment. "Let's give her the once over." Although Jack feared the blunders the rough-neck might make with Mary, his anxiety proved to be groundless when they reached the cabin. Cox was as decent as could be, even tho.ugh Mary Gage received him with visible mistrust. Toward Jack, she acted as an old friend who had suddenly become silent--silent and watchful. "Some girl all right, sonny," Cox com- mented when they were out of earshot of the cabin. "I suppose she'd only have to ask it and you'd cut off your *, right hand, or rob a bank, or go to the# electric chair for her sake?" "She hasn't asked anything like that." "What if she should now?" "Oh-- I'll cross that bridge when I come to it." Jack did not see the appraising look with which his companion regarded him. Cox nodded in approval as they trudged on. The visitor had insisted that they go to Jack's camp. When they reached the rocky island in the swamp, he shared in cooking their lunch with the joy of a schoolboy playing hookey. "This is real roughing it!" he de- clared. "Certainly a queer place, though. Looks as if Nature got tired or went nutty when she came to this job. That bunch of rocks across the swamp, now-- Some giant's kid might have piled 'em up for a playhouse--" "I call that the Bag of Bones," replied Jack with a laugh. "Not a bad name, either." Cox buried his face in his coffee mug. For a moment, Jack was tempted to tell of the mysterious light which he had seen on the summit of the Bag of Bones. Then the impulse passed. The incident was too fantastic, too much like a dream for the boy to trust his senses and vouch for its truth. Their meal ended, Cox decided to re- turn at once to Honesdale. They had crossed the swamp and were passing the southern side of the Bag of Bones when he came to a sudden halt. '"Say, sonny," he drawled, "do you get it? That funny smell?" "I sure do." A volatile odor filled Jack's nostrils. "What d'ye suppose makes it?" "It smells like ether." "Right! Now who d'ye suppose uses ether in among them rocks?" he asked with a laugh. "Hardly a place I'd look for a chorus girl cleaning her gloves!" Cox parted with Jack curtly. His thoughts seemed to be on other things. Watching the flivver recede along the highway, the boy suspected that his visitor had not come to the forest mere- ly to hunt. What other purpose could he have had? Ramsey had not found an answer to the riddle when, after set- ting his new traps, he made his way through the twilight to his camp. Approaching the rocky island, he saw at once that something unusual had hap- pened there. A rapid survey confirmed his fears. His camp, so far as malice could accomplish it, had been destroyed! Jack's lean jaws snapped. The fight- ing blood of his Yankee ancestors surged to his face. He snatched up his gun and crouched beside the causeway to watch under the stars. IV Into the rebuilding of his camp the next day, Ramsey put much of his defi- ance. Every pole that he cut, every nail driven had in it hatred for his unknown enemies. The supplies he had brought from Honesdale in Cox's flivver and cached near the highway assured his comfort. He prepared for a siege. Also he determined to protect his 