ADVERTISING No More Wrinkles BEAUTIFUL FIGURE Superfluous Hair Vanishes Like Magic. Eyelashes Beautified Pimples and Blackheads Removed Forever Let this woman send you free, everything she agrees, and beautify your face and farm quickly. This clever woman has not a wrinkle upon her face; she has per-fected a marvelous, simple method which brought a wonderful change in her face in a single night. For removing wrinkles and develop-ing the figure, her method is truly wonderfully rapid. She made herself the woman she is today and brought about the wonderful change in her appearance in a secret and pleasant manner. Her complexion is as clear and fair as that of a child. She turned her scrawny figure into a beautiful and well-developed form. She had thin, scrawny eye lashes and eyebrows, which could scarcely be seen, and she made them long, thick and beautiful by her own methods and re-moved every blackhead and pimple from her face in a single night. Nothing is taken into the stomach, no common massage, no harm-ful plasters, no worthless creams. By her new process, she removes wrinkles and develops the whole figure plump and fat. It is simply astonishing the hundreds of women who write in re-garding the wonderful results from this new beauty treatment, which is beautifying their face and form after beauty doctors and other methods failed. She has thousands of letters on file like the following: Mrs. M. L. B. Albin, Miss., writes: "I have used your beauty treatment with wonderful success. I have not a wrinkle on my face now and it is also improving my complexion, which has al-ways troubled me with pimples and blackheads. My weight was 112 pounds before taking your treatment and now I weigh 117, a gain of 5 pounds. Your treatment is a God send to all thin women. I am so grateful you may even use my letter if you wish." The valuable new beauty book which Madame Clare is sending free to thousands of women is certainly a blessing to women. All our readers should write her at once and she will tell you, absolutely free, about her various new beauty treatments and will slow our readers: How to remove wrinkles in 8 hours; How to develop the figure; How to make long, thick eyelashes and eyebrows; How to remove superfluous hair; How to remove blackheads, pimples and freckles; How to remove dark circles under the eyes; How to quickly remove double chin; How to build up sunken cheeks and add flesh to the body; How to darken gray hair and stop hair falling; How to stop forever perspiration odor. Simply address your letter to Helen Clare, Suite A387, 3311 Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill., and don't send any money, because particulars are free, as this charming woman is doing her utmost to benefit girls or women in need of secret information which will add to their beauty and make life sweeter and lovelier in every way. WRITE SONG POEMS I have absolutely the best proposition to offer you. I have written songs that were sung by Al. Jolson, Geo. "Honey-boy" Evans, Harry Fox and Yansci Dolly and many other stars. Write me immediately. RAY HIBBELER, D116,4040 Dickens Ave., Chicago Send No Money! Ladies' Solitaire EXAMINATION FREE--10 MONTHS TO PAY Examine ring FIRST, then if you decide to keep it pay only $2.00. Buying direct assures you the Rock Bottom Price. A perfectly cut blue-white Diamond in ladies' solid gold setting at only $2.80 a month! Take Advantage of this amazing offer to-day. YOUR MONEY BACK if you are not satisfied. No Security--No Red Tape. A POSTAL BRINGS YOU THE GREATEST DIAMOND WATCH AND JEWELRY BOOK EVER PUBLISHED Whether you order this ring or not, let us send you this De Luxe Catalog FREE, containing descriptions of rings, watches, diamonds and other articles of jewelry. Everything sent on FREE EXAMINATION. Address Dept. 39-P. Capital $1,000,000 "THE HOUSE OF QUALITY" LW-Sweet INC 1650-1660 BROADWAY, NEW YORK Copyrighted 1920 by L.W. Sweet, Inc. AK TABLETS FOR ALL PAIN Headaches Neuralgias Colds and La Grippe Women's Aches and Ills Rheumatic and Sciatic Pains Ask Your Druggist for A-K Tablets (If he cannot supply you, write us) Small Size lOc AK Fac-Simile Dozen Size 25c See Monogram AK on the Genuine The Antikamnia Remedy Company, St. Louis, Mo. Write for Free Samples In answering advertisements, please mention THE PARISIENNE TRIO 