The Prisoner Speaks 15 "Some of your questions are so, involved that I cannot answer them. I don't know what you are driv- ing at." "That is the second time I have earned the same rebuke from you, Mr. Raggan. If you do not know what I am 'driving it'--though I think you do only too well for your own peace of mind--I will make it most clear very soon. Meanwhile I ask you again: Do you recognize this letter as having been written by you and recall the circum- stance with sufficient clarity to remem- ber that you did not sign it ?" "I don't remember anything at all about it." "Then why did you declare, without having seen the ending, that it was without signature?" "I guessed it wasn't." "On what previous knowledge did you base that 'guess'?" "I wouldn't be such a fool as to sign that kind of a letter." "Another step ahead. You 'wouldn't be such a fool as to sign' such a letter as this, you say. How do you know what kind of a letter it is?" "I can see--I can read part of it from here." "So? We are getting on. A little more and the end of our long jodrney should be in sight. Will you kindly re- peat to the jury that portion of the letter that you can read?" "No." "You refuse?" "Of course I refuse." "Why?" "You have not proved that I wrote that letter." "That is for the jury to decide, not for you or me, Mr. Raggan. But, if you did not write it, why should you refuse to read it aloud--such portion or portions as you can decipher?" "It--the jury would receive a wrong impression." "Because you read it, or because you wrote it?" "Because they would think I rote it." "Why should they think you wrote it, if you swear that you did not do so? You do swear that you did not write it, don't you?" "No." "'No' what? Which fact is it that you are denying?" "Both." "You deny having written the letter and deny also that denial? I am afraid, Mr. Raggan, tnat the jury will fail to understand just what you are intending to swear to. Come, for the sake of the jury and brevity, I will go back to first principles and reword my question. Did you, Randolph Raggan, write this letter that I intend to offer in evidence, and which I again show you?" "I refuse to answer." "On what grounds ?" "Insufficient identification." "Then it is at least possible that you might have written this letter---other- wise you would have no hesitancy in denying its authorship?" "Anything is 'possible.' " "You are right, Mr. Raggan, though I had thought, previous to this case, that there were certain things beyond human possibilities--such a letter as this, for instance, such a sequel as fol- lowed the writing of this letter, for an- other. But I will proceed to my next question. Why do you refuse to re- peat aloud in this courtroom the part of this letter which you are able to read ?" "Because--because it would have a tendency to incriminate and degrade me. "The letter--or the reading of it ? But--never mind. I will not force the issue. I am more interested, and I am sure the gentlemen of the jury are like- wise, to have you identify the hand- 