6 Exterior to the Evidence Marston and Letty turned along it until they came to a point, close by an old farmstead, where it divided. "I'm going down to the mill, to take father home," said Letty. "He's been there since seven o'clock this morning." "All right, tomorrow then, same time," said Marston. The click of the gate close by made him turn sharply. Letty turned, too. A tall, thin, pale-faced young man, of a peculiarly reserved and watchful ex- pression of eye and mouth, came out of the garden of the old farmstead, wheeling a bicycle. He lifted his cap as he turned the machine in the direc- tion of the valley, and while Letty nodded in response, Marston scowled. "Can't stand that clerk of your father's!" he growled. "He always makes me think of that chap in Dickens --you know, Uriah Heep. What's the fellow's name?" "Bradwell Pike," answered Letty. "He isn't prepossessing--but I believe he's useful." "Pike!" sneered Marston. "Good name for him! Shark would have been better, though. Well,--tomorrow, then." Letty smiled and nodded as they sep- arated. Tomorrow seemed close at hand, and there was nothing to indicate that the sunshine of today was not to last. CHAPTER II The Gathering Clouds Lithersdale Old Mill, towards which Letty took her way after leaving Marston Stanbury, was the oldest in- dustrial building in that district, a sur- vival of the age wherein manufacturers got their motive power from water. Its machinery had long been driven by steam, but the old water-wheel still stood, and the water-course still ran down from the moors above. The mill itself was out of date, and its present owner had often been advised to pull it down. But Lucas Etherton, Radical though he was in politics, was conserva- tive enough in all else. The lives and endeavours of five generations of Ether- tons were built into its gray walls, and Lucas Etherton felt that it would last his time--he was the last of his race in the male line, and Letty would marry. Let the old place stand, till he and it finished together. Letty turned into the mill through a garden and orchard which lay at one end of it. There was a private door at the end of the garden which admitted to a staircase at the head of which were two or three rooms, shut off from the rest of the premises; Lucas Etherton used these as offices for himself and his clerk, Bradwell Pike. Letty always used this entrance when she went down to the mill of an afternoon, to fetch her father away in good time for their six- o'clock dinner. Lucas, in her opinion, was too much at the mill--going there at an early hour in the morning, break- fasting and lunching there, and occa- sionally staying there until late in the evening. And of late she had made a practice of going down to the mill be- tween four and five in the afternoon and dragging him away, so that he might have an hour's rest before dinner. The rooms at the head of the private staircase up which Letty presently climbed were three in number: the first, a sort of anteroom for callers; the second, Lucas Etherton's own room; the third, which opened into the mill, an office wherein Bradwell Pike was usually to be found. All three opened one into another, and instead of being shut off by doors were separated by heavy curtains, made of a certain fabric manufactured on the premises. They were all heavily carpeted, and Letty was light of foot, and she was halfway into the anteroom, intending to throw back the intervening curtain and sur- 