40 The Trap Thief Hastening from cover, Jack struggled to move the flat stone. It might have been bed rock so sturdily did it resist his strength. He recalled that it had re- quired the efforts of both passengers from the automobile to shift its balance, so he could not hope to stir it unassisted. The hollow beneath and the parcels it contained preserved their secret. But he resolved to return and watch again. III The second theft of traps had crip- pled Jack's enterprise, so with his store of skins he went to Honesdale, sold the pelts and refitted, turning a balance of cash over to his mother. After supper, he strolled downtown to the cigar store of his friend, Bert Walton. As he passed the hotel, he did not notice two men on the verandah, who were regarding him closely. "That's him!" whispered one of them to his burly companion. "That kid?" "Sure thing. Knows more about that stretch of woods than anyone 'round here." "Doesn't look as if he stood in with crooks." "Don't believe he does, unless Gage's girl has hypnotized him. You'd better find out-about that. Go to it! Say you want to hunt-- You know.-'' So it came that when the big burly man strolled into Walton's cigar store, nodded to Bert like an old customer and bought a costly cigar, the proprietor in- troduced him to Jack Ramsey.. The stranger came from New York and went by the names of Cox. Could Ramsey take him hunting? When Jack saw the color of his money--a twenty-dollar bill --a bargain was struck. Early the next morning Cox hired a flivver and in it they rattled northward. Reaching the wilderness, Jack found a familiar trail and they plunged into it, stopping the flivver in a grassy gully. "What d'ye know about that!" cried Cox, pointing to long furrows in the sod. "They're automobile tracks." "It has been here often--a big, bang- up, classy city car!" Jack told him of the mysterious visit of the automobilists, the lookout in the pine tree and the balanced stone. "Let's have a look at that stone," sug- gested Cox. With their united strength they moved the slab. Under it was a cavity three feet square and of half that depth. It was empty. The stone replaced, Cox insisted that they go back to the main road and find another entrance to the forest. No com- plaints would make him alter the plan or did he offer an explanation as they drove to a new parking place, a mile further up the road. Ramsey began to think that he had a queer bird on his hands. As the hours passed, the opinion was confirmed by Cox's impatience, his half-interest in the hunting and his curiosity and questions in no way connected with their sport. Perhaps the boy's impatience arose from the fact that his own thoughts were not on hunting. In the quivering, golden-purple haze of Indian summer came dreams, dancing lightly or touch- ing reverently things which another held intimate. In his mind's eye he was watching the sunlight as it filtered through the golden-brown hair of Mary Gage and painted her cheek in wonder- ful colors like the heart of the rose; again he saw her dimples come and go-- "Say, sonny, when I see a kid like you," Cox finally remarked, "absent- minded and dreaming of hither and yon, so to speak, I know it means just one thing. Who's the girl?" "Aw--Mr. Cox--I--" "Come 'long! Who is she?" Point by point, Cox learned Mary 