64 The Campaign for Vengeance are kind, they are pitiless; you are frag- ile, they are robust; you are innocent of all evil, they are practiced in every con- ceivable kind of crime and violence." And now the bright round eyes of the girl narrowed till they were as two slits; her rich, red lips were drawn thin. "Against all of that, I match my cour- age! A courage that will be eternally fired and fanned by the memory of Jimmy, lying there in a lot--" Once again Alan Nevins came to- ward her with outstretched arms. Again she drew away. "Mr. Nevins, from now on, and un- til that gang has paid, you and I are strangers!" III The Step Lively Club was giving a dance at the Bird's-Eye. Among those present in the crowded, smoke-smelly hall, was a slender, brown-eyed, dim- pled girl. Her delicate hands, fine fea- tures and something in her manner in- dicated that she was of a decenter stock than the motley crowd surrounding her. But her cheeks were heavily rouged and her nose was a plaster-cast white; and she chewed gum. If you looked long enough, you began to feel that perhaps the refinement was a delusion on your part. She sat at a table with six others, but she was not "in with them." She "wall- flowered" through five dances before receiving so much as a smile from any- one in the hall. There was a reason; the girl was an outsider and the tribe that hangs around the Bird's-Eye is suspicious of strangers. Then the band played a waltz. Some four tables to the left of the girl, two men and a woman were hold- ing a whispered discussion. The woman was a tall, coarse-featured, capacious- chested blonde. One of the men was of the dark, slender, olive-skinned, small-moustached type you see in every movie; he's the fellow who has his head broken by the hero in the last reel. The other man was a stunted, narrow- shouldered specimen, bleery of eye, pasty of hair and splotchy complected When the band started the waltz, the woman shrugged her shoulders and said, "Well--go on then and try her." So it came that the runt stood at the table of the brown-eyed girl, "Are you dancing, Miss?" The girl gazed at him vacantly and switched her gum from her left cheek to her right. "Yeh, I dance." "My name's Breen, Rudie Breen," he volunteered, as he took her arm. "Y'ever been in this place before?" "No. I'm in the town only a week. My name's Rita Daly." As they danced, she gave him the address of the house in which she roomed, on Fourth Street, near Avenue B. She also consented to let him join her at her table and buy her a drink. "The waiter will put a kick in it, if I wink at him," he suggested. "All right. Ginger ale and wink," she smiled. But the drink was never served. Above the din in the dance hall, there suddenly came the sounds of a scuffle in the barroom. Then harsh cries, oaths, the crash of broken furniture and the tinkle of splitting glass. "Raid!" exclaimed Rudie. The dance hall was on a level with the street. Some few feet from their table was a window. Rudie Breen seized the girl's hand and pulled her toward it; but when he raised the lower frame, a uniformed officer poked his head through the frame-work and pointed a gun at them. They shrank back into the hall. And now policemen rushed into the place through every opening; they came from the barroom, through the windows and through the door leading into the 