Exterior to the Evidence 71 Cheville Stanbury's will back in the locker at the club ! That's the man who's responsible--how far, God only knows! ---for the old man's death ! Now--let him speak!" Etherton, as soon as Sir John's name had fallen from Weathershaw's lips, had drawn away from him ; Letty had stolen up to her father's side and slipped her hands through his arm; their eyes were fixed on the accused man; so were the eyes of the other three. "Now then?" said Etherton, at last. "You hear?" Sir John got to his feet. There was no natural dignity in his short and stout figure, but he endeavored to look stern and magisterial. "I'd best be going," he said. "It seems as if there was likely to be naught but insults and accusations under this roof! However, there's some of you'll hear something from my lawyer to- morrow, and--but I'll bid you good night." "Not just yet, Sir John!" said Mar- rows quietly. "I know my duty! You'd far better answer a few questions, Sir John--you had, indeed! Now, about those papers?" Weathershaw suddenly laughed; something in the sound made the ac- cused man start and look at him with the first signs of real fear. "I shouldn't wonder if he has the papers on him!" said Weathershaw. "Pity you can't search him here and now, Marrows!" He had forgotten that there was young and impulsive blood at his elbow. Before any of them could move, Mars- ton, whose fingers had been itching for the last few minutes, had thrust a hand into the inner pocket of Sir John's coat. Drawing out a quantity of papers, he flung them on the table, and Etherton, a second later, held up three folded docu- ments. "Here they are!" he said quietly. A few minutes later, when Marrows and Weathershaw had taken Sir John Arncliffe away, and Marston and Letty had slipped off into the adjacent draw- ing-room, Etherton, with a look round the scene of recent action, drew back the curtains of his window, opened the casement, and leaned out to look over the moonlit valley beneath his house. His heart was full of loathing and bit- terness--until he suddenly remembered that close behind him was youth and love, and that it was better to think of both than of the treachery and greed which had just been led away from his door. (The End) 