42 Planned by the Stars dig deep into a soft, stringy throat. Eyes glared into his own; for all of the fact she was a woman, the figure he clutched fought desperately. Carney re- leased his left hand to bring it down with crushing force on the jaw of the struggling figure. Before he had crashed it savagely into the upturned face the woman managed to wrench a scream from between her lips. Cursing, Carney struck again. He gripped the throat again with the hand he had used with hammer force and shook the woman as a terrier shakes a rat. As if from a distance he heard fresh raps falling upon the door--the voice of the messenger: "Mrs. Garber! Mrs. Garber!" Then silence. Carney relaxed the gripping pressure of his death-working fingers. He found he was talking but knew not what he said. He had killed a woman, but it was her own fault. Hot blood pounded within him--rage and a gloating satis- faction. He felt that at that moment he wished she possessed the nine lives of the cat he had kicked from his path. He would strangle each from her. And then he realized the apron- wrapped loot would never be his if he stood longer, clutching the limp figure. He opened his hands. The body slumped to the floor. The moon, swing- ing around, entered the alley and crept into the room, lighting it up like a pale arc-lamp. Carney looked down at the huddle of his victim. The woman had fallen on her back. Her face was upturned to him-- wreathed with a horrible, fixed grin. He stared, fascinated, eying, too, greasy gray hair that seemed strangely familiar. For a full watch-tick he stared, rigid. The odor of gin--the gray hair--the gaunt face, painted with the ghastly moonglare. All at once knowledge flooded him. Mrs. Garber wore the face of the Madame Sovio who had read the stars for him that afternoon in the Sixth Ave- nue room! "Murder!" Carney whispered. "She had the right dope!" Something, as he straightened up, stopped the flow of the incoming moon- light. He raised his eyes and turned them to the window. His gaze flashed and fell upon a helmeted head looking in over the lowered top of the translu- cent window. His right hand darted under his jacket and gripped his auto- matic. In some blind, dizzy fashion he managed to drag it out. But before he could pull the trigger the yellow glare of an electric torch smote him directly between the eyes. A voice, curt and imperious, bade him throw up his hands. Carney, blinking like an owl drenched in sunshine, fell back. His weapon crept up to firing position. Then the heavy silence was shattered by the sound of six shots, so rapidly fired that they merged as one. The automatic fell from Carney's hand. He wondered vaguely if he had been shot--why his legs seemed to be melting away. Cursing again, his brain reeled and scintillated with sparks. He groaned and fell heavily across some- thing softly yielding. . . . The clock that had ticked monoto- nously whirred and struck the hour of twelve. 