The Tell-Tale Band of Yellow 83 The detective knew the address, and, anyway, the obvious had its importance --he would try here first, at any rate. Slipping in quietly by the side door (the room was over a saloon on a quiet street) Gunson, unseen, mounted the narrow stair--listened a moment at a door on the second landing--turned the knob noiselessly--unlocked the door by turning the key from the outside with a long, thin wire made for this purpose-- and entered. And so--Masterman awoke at a daz- zle of light which struck him full in the eyes. He blinked owlishly--then sat upright with a jerk, his hand reaching for his gun and then falling at his side at the crisp voice of the detective: "I've got you covered, Masterman." The yegg cursed, stared a moment wildly' then his pig eyes snapped evilly as Gunson's other hand, reaching up- ward behind him, turned up the light. Gunson, putting away his flashlight, bent a hard eye on his prisoner. "I want you, Masterman," he said evenly, "you rotten killer--step lively, now--you hear?" But Masterman, his composure re- turning after that first, amazed glance which had assured him that Gunson was unarmed, spoke, sneeringly con- fident : "You've got nothing on me, Gunson," he said, his heavy face, with its blue- shaven jowls, assuming a satiric mask. "You can't prove nothing." "I have---or rather you have," re- plied Gunson cryptically, "and I can prove everything," he .was beginning. "Shake a leg now--" when abruptly there came a startling reversal. Not for nothing had Masterman abode aforetime in that haven of the dwellers by night--Paris, of the thou- sand eyes. And among other accom- plishments of that grim underworld of the Apache, most ruthless of his kind, had he acquired a more than average efficiency in the art of La Savate. Now, at Gunson's crisp command, he came suddenly into action. His right foot, shod with its pointed boot, swung upward in a bone-smash- ing kick, almost too deadly swift for the eye to follow, aimed at the detective's face. The impact of that bruising kick would mean unconsciousness, a broken jaw--or worse. But if Masterman was consummate in the attack, in the lightning upthrust of that deadly lunge, like the swift swing of a javelin, Gunson was not un- prepared. There is but one parry for that abrupt passa.de: a single, deft movement, an estoppel as swift and cer- tain as the delivery of the kick it- self. Gunson moved his head a scant half inch to the right, as a boxer evades the whiplash of a straight left, his hand at the same instant curving in a short arc. His fingers closed like iron about the yegg's ankle--there came a quick heave, an abrupt explosion of movement, and Masterman crashed downward to the floor. He glared defiance and implacable hate, merged, however, with a certain respect. But still he rasped out, be- tween panting breaths: "You've got nothing--on me--Gun- son--you think--you're wise, don't you ?" "You've--got it--on yourself," re- peated Gunson. Then he leaned over the fallen man, his words, slow, bitter, dripping with the still acid of a corro- sive vengeance: "You're slick, Masterman--but--you overlooked one thing . . . one little thing . . . you're in, bo--up to your neck-- heels over head, I'll say." He barked a short, grim laugh. "I had the motive :--all I needed was a clue--and I got it --at No. 32, while I was watching the firemen coming out. You croaked Darragh because he'd seen--this--" 