Daughter of the Pigeon 67 was named. I could see that she wore a pareu twisted about her. Not two yards behind her an islander was squirming over the spray-wet stone. Following him was another. On the opposite side of the pool the other Mar- quesans were crouched behind boulders. Unaware of her danger, Tahaiupehii stood on the edge of the rock, but even as I looked, her straight body flashed through the air, plunging into the foam. As she vanished beneath the water one of the islanders crawled to the rim of the pool. An instant later her head appeared and she must have seen him, for a cry rang above the dull boom of the waterfall. The Marquesan slipped into the pool. I experienced a moment of indecision; my brain strove to function quickly. The two figures were almost side by side in the current. Nineteen feet--a straight drop, and I did not know the depth. Yet . . . I gripped the blade between my teeth; took a deep breath. After that I was conscious of shooting through space . . . down . . . into what seemed a depthless pit. I struck the pool--went under with a force that lashed my flesh and expelled the air from my lungs. In the battle against the torrent I al- most lost the knife, but in some manner I managed to retain it. Through a whirling, opaque mass I came up, every inch of my body stinging. Not more than a rod away I saw the two figures. I caught the gleam of grappling arms--saw a face that in the night was pale like blue moonlight, as exquisitely beautiful as any I have ever seen. . . . In a moment I reached them, closing about the shining dark neck. With the other hand I swung the knife. Together we sank. In that gray chaos we strug- gled, I slashing with the deadly blade. Of a sudden it was conveyed to my brain, along with a strangling sensation, that my hand was holding nothing-- that the knife-thrusts had told. I buoyed myself upward and attained the surface--alone. I doubt if the native ever came up. It must have been a rock that sent me out. At any rate the pain was sharp-- in the back of the skull. Things went dim. I realized that a hand gripped my hair--then I knew . . . nothing. III The sleep that followed was not calm --nor can I hardly call it sleep, for dur- ing the whole period I had a peculiar awareness of things, of movement and a sound like unleashed thunder.. And with the advent of full consciousness I was not, as I expected, in the water, al- though it was damp and I could feel a cool spray upon my body. I sat upright on cold stone, my head aching dreadfully. Something close at hand was roaring and in a hazy way I realized that the noise was responsible for the spray; but as my vision cleared I saw only dimness broken on one side by a glimmering sheet that was a shade lighter than the surrounding gloom. Gradually I comprehended. I was under the waterfall, in a dark recess in the rocks; the shifting curtain was noth- ing less than the cascading water. Then I was startled by a voice almost at my elbow, speaking in Marquesan-- "Menike, you are awake--at last?" I knew her instantly, though she was little more than a blot in the dimness. Tahaiupehii--that exquisite young crea- ture whose face I had seen momentarily as I fought the islander. "I am glad you have come back, Menike," she said, creeping closer to me and slipping her small spray-wet hand in mine. Her nearness made me con- scious of a pleasant odor--that of red 