14 Black Shadows A man lay on the study floor, almost directly on the spot where J. Sylvester Jones had sprawled when Suggs dis- covered him earlier in the morning. He was a Dayak, finely developed phys- ically, and from the tattoo marks on arms and shoulders evidently of a chief family. He wore five silver leg rings and a bead necklace for ornaments, and a cheap overcoat in deference to western customs. His head had been crowned by a peculiar bit of Dayak millinery, decorated with a hornbill feather, but it had rolled off into a corner. A parang, or short sword, with a beautifully carved handle, was gripped in his fist as though he had been awaiting an assault. Johnny knelt beside him, his keen eyes roving over the wonderfully de- veloped body and the section of floor immediately beside it. Quite possibly this was the man who had killed both Strickland Guerney and J. Sylvester Jones. If he was, who, in turn, had killed him? Certainly not Bradley, who was in jail. Very improbably Mildred, whom he had escorted to her hotel, an hour's ride from this place. Then it was someone who had not as yet been suspected. "Well, what do you make of it?" asked Jamieson. Suggs rose, walked across the room, apparently following a trail that was invisible to the lieutenant's eyes. He slopped before the fireplace, in which no fire had been built for months, ex- amined it carefully, glanced up the chimney, and walked back to the Dayak's body. "I've found a few things," he said, "that you probably overlooked. In the first place, there hasn't been any strug- gle here. All this smashing up has been done for effect. If there really had been a struggle between this Dayak and a man powerful enough to give him a battle do you think that he would still have held the parang in his hand in that way ? The way I read it is this: The Dayak came into the room, all ready for action, and was shot down before he was able to make a move. It isn't possible that, if there had been a fight that knocked over all this furni- ture, that this light table with the lamp would have survived. No, the place was carefully wrecked before the Dayak was killed." Jamieson grunted. "Why beforef" The reporter's voice grew sarcastic. "Do you imagine anyone could have wrecked this place and made a get- away between the time the shot was fired and Duffy arrived?" "Why the devil should he wreck it at all ?" "Ah, that's the question. The only reason I can see is that the murderer was searching for something. He tore things up regardless in looking for it." "Well, he was disappointed then," grunted the lieutenant. "We took everything of value--papers and money --over to the station when we left." Johnny could have kicked himself. "I'm certainly the prize cheese detec- tive of the world," he told himself. "So Mildred and I--" he already called her that in his thoughts--"wasted all that time looking for something that was in Jamieson's safe. I should have known that much." "Anything else?" demanded Jamie- son. "Oh, yes. Quite the most important of all. And it's going to prevent you from collecting that ten-spot from me." "What do you mean? You bet that we would find Jones' body here." "And so you will." He rolled the Dayak's body to one side. "Look at that blood spot. Too far down to have come from this savage's wound. Someone else was killed in this room before Mr. Dayak. There are two drops of blood between here and the 