86 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome The cheeks were hideously twisted into gnarled, unnatural shapes. The dreadful mouth, perverted to a Silenic grin, leered lasciviously up at me until I shrank back, dizzy, nauseated, at the repulsive sight of it. I felt myself shaking with terror. This--this nightmare! This phantasma! I could not take my eyes away. For above that horrible disfigurement of flesh, the deep, soul-fathoming eyes of my friend looked up wonderfully into mine, and held me in spite of all my horror at the almost obscene ugliness beneath them. There was the same old immortal pa- tience, the world of understanding, the illimitable depths of pity. Pity for me! And there, too, at last I divined jvhat I could never interpret before. There was the look which I had for so long been unable to understand. That look was Pain! Our gazes met: mine telling all my horror, my terror, my fear, my abject cowardice, my disgust; his, immortal, patient, all-wise, all-knowing, like the eyes of God. "My poor friend--" the gargoyle's mouth twisted and contorted shockingly in an effort to form the words, "I can- not speak. This seizure has taken sud- den hold upon me. This face--this ghoul's head--" "Have pity--have pity upon my weakness," I faltered in the tremulous whisper of a frightened child. I was too much unnerved even to attempt a concealment of my horror. "I can't help myself. I know that this is only physi- cal with you. I know that we have no mastery of our flesh. When you are well again I will show you how really much I feel for you in your terrible mis- fortune." I looked appealingly down into the all-pitying light of those unfathomable eyes. I tried to see only his eyes. I tried with all my soul to forget the frightful contortion beneath them. And slowly there stole over me a sense of il- limitable calm. "My very good friend," the low voice, articulating slowly and painfully, came to me as through a mist of dreams, "I am dying. I have been waiting, trying to prepare for this during several months. Now it has come. After I have been laid away you may care to know . . . some day you may wish to un- derstand. . . . "I have made provision for that, both for you and for one other whom you will meet after I have gone." His face working in frightful con- tortion, my friend lifted a hand, point- ing tremulously to the paper-littered table. I had forgotten Mrs. Muzzard, who had apparently been standing by the window. As I moved from the bedside, where my body had been screening the dying man, she caught sight of his face upon the pillow. With a shrill scream, lifting her hands to cover her eyes, she fell a crumpled heap upon the floor. Managing to control myself until a doctor was summoned, I had my tragi- cally unfortunate friend removed to a hospital. Poor Mrs. Muzzard went out of one fit of hysterics into another, so that I was obliged to lay sufficient hold upon myself to plead with one of the neigh- bors for aid in attending her. All these necessary duties served to keep my mind from dwelling upon the terrible ordeal through which we had gone. But late into the night I lay toss- ing upon my bed unable to sleep. I did not dare put out the light in my room, so fearful was I of the shadows of the dark. All night long I was haunted, haunted, afraid to close my eyes lest I should see that grim vision of distorted flesh. Once a window-shutter, loose from 