4 Blueberry Pie ought to have kept the paper away from you. Though I can't blame you, if a thing like this gets on your nerves. You were in New York when it all happened?" "No, it was just a few weeks after I got there. I remember reading' it in the papers. Just coming from New York and the woman having light bobbed hair and all, I felt terribly interested." "I suppose you did. That's right, you came here in July, didn't you? I bet you never thought, when you left New York, that you'd meet the man you were going to marry within a month, did you?" "You bet I didn't. Nor that I'd marry him six months after I did meet him. Marry in haste, you know. ... You sorry, yet?" "I should say not. Marrying you is the one best thing I ever did, Irma. You know that. Now sit down and finish your toast. I'm late again." Irma went back to her seat across the table. They talked about little things, about Irma's coming to Chi- cago, when the aunt with whom she had lived in New York had died, how she just happened to pick out Chicago because she had never been West, how she had met Martin's cousin at the Y. W. C. A., where she had taken a room, and how the cousin and she had found a place to live together and had gone job hunt- ing, and how Irma had met Martin a few weeks later, with "love at first sight." . . and here we are, with a little apartment and married and everything. . . ." Martin looked at his watch. He grabbed his paper, his hat and his coat and said, cheerfully: "Now put that awful murder case out of your mind, won't you?" "You bet I will." Irma kissed him and the door slammed. But little Mrs. Martin did not put the murder case out of her mind. She sat there, with the paper before her and read over that awful head- line : DENNISON PAYS PENALTY FOR CRIME Electrocuted at Sing Sing Yesterday For Murder of Irene Graham Then, under an Ossining date line, followed the full details of the elec- trocution, the crime and the trial. Irma shuddered as she read the story to the end, the last day of the condemned man, the resume of the brutal deed. It was enough to make anyone shudder. II The details of the Dennison case are well-known to the average Ameri- can. For the average American is a newspaper reader, and no reader of newspapers could neglect the fruity details of that tragedy. It contained all of the elements that make news- paper readers. A fairly well-to-do young man of around thirty, just before an an- nouncement of his engagement to' a young woman in his own social set was to have been made, murders the young woman--hardly more than a girl--with whom he had shared an apartment for two years previous. The details, the murder itself, the plan to make the murder look as if a burglar had committed it, the little things which the murderer could not foresee, but which proved his guilt; the trial, and now the electrocution, were all spectacular, fascinating, in a morbid, gruesome way. The first the public knew was on a morning in July. The people in the apartment building in the West Hun- 