72 The Half-Asleep Girl going to or coming from the back room. Then there was a prolonged silence and Knibbs thought he detected snoring. Fleming's position had1 now become not only irksome but decidedly uncom- fortable. He was stiff from lying so long in one position and his legs and arms ached where the ropes had chafed them; for he had done 'considerable twisting and straining in spasmodic en- deavors to free himself. Quiet having descended upon the mysterious house- hold, he determined to make one last great attempt toward this end. Gather- ing all his reserve force in the effort, he drew his arms together and his knees up. The ropes held. He increased the tension gradually . . . and felt a thrill of exultation. His right arm was loose; his freedom remained but a matter of minutes. Fleming Knibbs was casting off the last of his shackles when his anxious, roving eye observed the door opening silently. Transfixed with horror, he waited; A figure slipped in and approached the coti It was Lola. Knibbs breathed easier. He arose and held her arms. "Why are you here ?ri he whispered. "What do you want?" For a moment, in his highly excited state, he doubted her. The next moment he was ashamed of himself. "I've come to help you," she replied softly. "De Brunner is asleep. Jim and Belden have gone to hire an auto. They intend removing you to a place where there will be less likelihood of the police finding you. By your atti- tude and appearance, De Brunner be- lieves you a Wealthy man-about-town who finds sport in traveling around with detectives. And he has designs bn you--just what I do not know. He may hold you for ransom. Or it may be that he intends gaining mental con- trol of you--as he has me. He's--he's the devil incarnate!" she concluded ve- hemently. "You must escape him." "But--isn't he--your father?" "Thank God, no! I was once, at least, of a good Belgian family--the family of Langlois. But I lost every- one and everything I held dear early in the war. Distracted, I fled to Aus- tralia, where I obtained employment as secretary to the manager of the Smith &amp; Townsend circus. It was before the full seriousness of the war had been realized and many men, particularly the older ones, had no thought of entering service. De Brunner was one of these. He was a versatile performer--a dare- devil who provided half a dozen acts, But one day he took a chance too many, and dropped from a trapeze, injuring his spine. It was then he fell back upon and developed a latent hypnotic power, and I became his slave, doing his bidding, no matter what. Oh, I hate it! I hate it! If j§ too, could only escape! But I cannot. He controls my body and my soul, and I am fearful of him." Deeply interested and excited by this personal narrative from the girl whose sweet face he had learned to adore, Knibbs forgot his surroundings, forgot his desire to escape and the need of haste, and probed for more. "When, you are under the spell, are you fully aware of what you are doing, Lola?" He used her name reverently. "Yes; but faintly, as in a dream. Oh, I knQw I robbed you. I recall the de- tails--hazily. But I could not tell you last night--with De Brunner there, and the officers." "Being unable to do so himself, he intends using you to carry out his crim- inal designs, making you his unwilling automaton, and hiding from the law behind your skirts. Isn't that it?" She shrank back as though struck; then, strangling a sob, braced herself. "Of course. It is plain. Yet no mat- ter how much I fear the consequences 