118 After Midnight If he had he would have notified you in a minute. He wanted me out of the way, but he was afraid; so he chose the cowardly way. He made everyone think "I was her lover and poisoned them against her, then--" "Stop!" It was Willoughby who exclaimed. The boy shrugged his shoulders. "You've made some strange state- ments, young man," said Dwyer quietly "and I must say for a man under arrest--an escaped convict-- you're damned cool." A frank smile curled the other's lips. "I'm not going back, Inspector," he said, "and don't you think it for one minute." "Is that so?" "You bet your life it is. I spent two years in that hell-hole. I was clever enough to make my escape, you can rest assured I'll be clever enough to keep out of it. What do you think I came here for?" "That's what I'm wondering?" said Dwyer drily. "You might have known that sooner or later we would have run you down; that we would be certain to come to your sister's for you." "Not so certain. If that poor devil hadn't died out there, I'd still be safe here. I've had six weeks start of you, Inspector, that was all I needed. Six weeks too much for you, Andrew, but you see you didn't get me after all." Dwyer flung his cigar from him impatiently, and stepped over the threshold into the disordered labo- ratory. He closed the door behind him with a snap. Willoughby sud- denly swayed, and dropped into the nearest chair. "Now, Moore," said the inspector, "No funny business, get me? You're going back with me, and you're going "back to stay. You were sent up on a poison charge, young man. There's a dead man out there on those grounds,--what did you have to do with his death?" The boy shrugged his shoulders again, then his eyes clouded, a note of pathos crept into his voice. "Everything," he said quietly. "I suppose if it weren't for me the poor devil would be alive at this minute." Willoughby gave an inarticulate cry. Dwyer stared at the ex-gardener, striving to digest his astounding words. "Let me get you right," he said slowly. "Are you confessing that you killed that bum out there?" "No," said young Moore -- "but I'm saying that my brother-in-law, Andrew Willoughby, did" VIII There was a dead silence. Then Willoughby laughed. He laughed until he shook, then he staggered to his feet and waved a long bony fin- ger at his accuser. "You tried to implicate me before, you whelp! You tried to shift John Gordon's murder on my shoulders! By God ! Don't you try it again! I never saw that man out there before --I--" "Just a minute." The dignity, the note of authority in the boy's voice seemed to impress even Dwyer, hard- ened officer of the law that he was. "Two years ago, when I came out of college, I came here to study chemis- try with Dr. Willoughby, my brother- in-law. I was interested in science. He had gone farther into some phases of it than any other teacher I could secure. I became his assistant in nu- merous tests. John Gordon was an- other assistant." 