The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh 53 "If you would deputize me, I would be glad to serve," he replied. "Dr. Waugh was one of my instructors at medical school and I feel a very deep personal interest in this case. I should like to see no stone unturned--" "You're deputized, my young friend," cut in Coroner Hopkins. "Be sworn." II Dr. John Lake jeopardized his slim but growing practice by abruptly de- serting his patients and plunging head- long into the Dr. Waugh mystery. He rushed to the city to delve into the in- cidents which had preceded the spe- cialist's death. Nor was he alone; a small army of reporters was encoun- tered at every turn; he bumped into feature writers at every step. The city editors had gone frantic over the Dr. Waugh mystery; they printed columns upon columns of entertaining descrip- tion and fruitless deductions; they plastered their pages with photographs of the Thatcher farmhouse and the mysterious "steel" cars. The real estate agent who had the renting of the Thatcher farm in charge was able to throw no light on the mys- tery. He had rented the place by phone. He had received a money order for a year's rent, sent in the name of "Julius Smith." The lessee had never showed up to sign the papers. The Julius Smiths listed in the directory furnished ample proof that it must be some other "Julius Smith." The autopsy verified Dr. Lake's first examination; there had been no vio- lence done, no poison administered; there was no clot on the brain, no heart lesion. It remained for Dr. Lake, armed with the stickpin which he had found at the Thatcher farmhouse, to find the only real clue and, for reasons of his own, this clue never got to the news- papers. Dr. Waugh had no family; he lived alone in a house on Belden Avenue, at- tended by a servant named Samuels, a reticent and rather wooden-headed and non-observing man of near sixty. The body of Dr. Waugh had been discovered on Thursday morning. Samuels related, for the benefit of Dr. Lake and reporters alike, that on Tues- day Dr. Waugh had brought home a young man of very shabby and dis- reputable appearance. The young man had worn a bandage about his eyes and Dr. Waugh had explained to Samuels that he was a patient, suffering from temporary blindness. This was un- usual, for Dr. Waugh seldom treated charity patients and never at his home. Samuels, due to the bandage about the young man's face, could not supply any sort of an adequate description; about all that he was able to say was that he believed the man's hair had been brown and that his chin was black with an untidy stubble of beard. On Wednesday afternoon Dr. Waugh had dispatched Samuels to the bank with a check for five thousand dollars. This amount, in cash, Samuels had brought home and turned it over to the doctor. No trace of the money was found; it had vanished utterly. Still later on Thursday Samuels was dispatched on another errand. When he departed, Dr. Waugh and his blind patient were in the house; when he re- turned both were gone. The specialist's chauffeur furnished another link in the far from complete chain. Dr. Waugh seldom drove his own car, but, at the time he left his Belden Avenue home for the last time, he had summoned his car from the nearby public garage where it was kept, dis- missed the chauffeur, saying that he 