70 The Half-Asleep Girl wrong,' I told meself; an' sure enough I was right' They was goin' for the doctor, I guess, an'--" "Well, well--too bad," commented the young man, restraining his excite- ment with difficulty as the last fact made itself known. "Did they return quickly ?" "I dunno. But they're back now. I saw 'em in the yard this mornin'." "Too bad," repeated Knibbs, simu- lating the idle sympathy of the curi- osity seeker. "However, such things are happening continually, aren't they?" And nodding and tipping his hat he moved on, picking his way between cans until he again reached the end of the alley. But he looked cautiously back within a few minutes, and, finding the women £one, retraced his steps. At the De Brunner gate he found, luckily, no bolts to hinder his progress, and entered quickly. All he wanted wis a surreptitious look at the two men who had projected themselves into the drama, so that, should the occasion arise, he might identify them. He walked softly to the kitchen window and peered within. The room was empty. Then, suddenly, he felt his ankles seized, and he fell, and was jerked through a narrow window into the dark, evil-smelling cellar. And before his senses had regained their equi- librium, his arms were trussed behind him with a strip of clothes-line. He heard a coarse laugh. "Well, fella, that time yuh got fresh once too often, didn't yuh?" At this moment the cellar door opened and a voice muttered: "What's wrong down there, Belden? Why the racket ?" "Caught a snooper, Jim," retorted Fleming's assailant, triumphantly. "No!" "Uh-huh." "Bring him up." Knibbs's arm was seized in a rough grasp and he was thrust through the darkness. With the other man behind him, prodding, he marched up the stairs into the kitchen. Mow he could see the two men clearly. His captor was a short, stocky fellow with a bull neck, pugnacious jaw, and jclose-cropped red hair. A typical prize fighter. The other--a tall, lean chap--affected a little mus- tache above a pair of hard lips, and a stock around his neck. The lean one faced him. "What's the big idea?" he demanded. "Come on, now--talk. What business have you here?" This was another poser for Knibbs. He knew he had exceeded his rights by prowling around the place. Of course, he was doing it for the girl's sake, but he couldn't tell them that. What could he tell them? "It seems I struck the wrong place--" he began. "Ha! Ha! Ha! I guess it does seem that way now, doesn't it ? Pretty weak; pretty weak. You'll have to do better than that." "What will you do if I don't try-- turn me over to the police?" "Not a chance. That would be an easy way out for you, wouldn't it ?" He winked, slyly. "No, fella, unless you can explain, I imagine old De Brunner will keep you here awhile. He likes company, and he has a way with him that may win a confession from you. Suppose you come with me and see him now." With the lean man leading and "red head" bringing up in the rear, they trailed upstairs to a back bedroom. Bastian De Brunner, the paralytic, lay with several pillows propped under his head reading a newspaper. He looked up as they entered. "We caught this fella," said the tail 