88 The Weight of a Feather a man in the court-room who doubted for a moment that the feather in his hand was a swallow's feather, and when the prisoner's attorney excused him he went back to his table conscious of hav- ing won another victory over the defense. He replaced the feather upon his own table beside the bronze bust and sat down. A smile rode across his heavy jowl. A verdict of guilty seemed a fore- gone conclusion, now. By his rambling digressions the prisoner's counsel had strengthened the case of the State, in- stead of weakening it, and now the counsel seemed to realize it for the first time. He sat slumped back in his chair with his stubby fingers interlocked across his loose-fitting vest, his putty-like face sunk deep in apparent gloom. Only his china blue eyes were alert. Those who sat near him noted the odd, veiled look that had crept into them. "Please proceed, Colonel." The judge's voice roused him to ac- tion. Running his hand into his pocket, he pulled out an old thumb-marked note-book, opened it and took from it a feather identical with the one on the prosecutor's table. Leaning over he laid the second feather beside the first one. "I took this one from a swallow's nest under the eaves of Sargent's house just above my client's window," he said, in a flat, colorless tone, as if it concerned no one. The jurymen looked at one another, then at their foreman. They sensed that something momentous was about tot be presented to them. The colonel glanced their way, but not at them. He seemed to be regarding some point above their heads, beyond them. "Upon one of the wooden brackets supporting the eaves, I found a deep gouge, torn out of the soft redwood by some hard object striking it." His voice rose to a slightly sharper pitch as he went on. "The bracket is two feet above my client's window and four feet below the lowest point of the eaves." Arising, he walked to the window near the judge's bench, opened it and ran down the upper sash. The window was in direct line of vision of the jury- men. Pulling an old-fashioned Colts forty-five from his pocket, he raised the pistol and fired it upward through the half-open sash. The entire court-room was on its feet before the report had died away. The judge towered, menacingly, above the man who had dared to disturb the tran- quillity of his court in such an unheard of manner. His eyes were flashing, but they grew wide with amazement when a heavy, transparent object shot by the window and struck the cement pavement outside, with a report louder than the discharge of the pistol. Judge, prosecutor and jury crowded about the window and looked out. Upon the sidewalk under the window lay the shattered remains of a huge icicle. The counsel for the defense was speaking. His voice was no longer flat, nor colorless, nor even drawling. "The feather which my learned col- league so obligingly and correctly classi- fied as a swallow's feather became fro- zen to the point of a giant icicle that dropped from the eaves near the swal- low's nest, and struck Old Sargent on! the head, killing him instantly. The icicle in its downward course struck the redwood bracket, hence the gouge in the wood. The feather was driven three inches into Sarg'ent's head by the force of the impact. The strong thaw which dislodged the icicle melted it away .by morning, thus obliterating completely the weapon--if I may term it a weapon --by which Mr. Sargent met his death. I ask the court to instruct the jury for acquittal." The jurymen glanced at one another and nodded. "I don't think it'll be necessary," the foreman said. "Still, as a matter of routine, I suppose--" He smiled. "You win, Colonel." 