ADVERTISING WANTED for Murder! $1,000 Reward In a dirty, forlorn shack by the river edge they found the mutilated body of Genevieve Martin. Her pretty face was swollen and distorted. Marks on the slender throat showed that the girl had been brutally choked to death. Who had committed this ghastly crime? No one had seen the girl and her assailant enter the cottage. No one had seen the murderer depart. How could he be brought to justice ? Crimes like this have been solved--are being solved every day--by Finger Print Experts. Every day we read in the papers of their exploits, hear of the mys-teries they solve, the criminals they identify, the rewards they win. Finger Print Experts are always in the thick of the excitement, the heroes of the hour. Not Experienced Detectives Just Ordinary Men Within the past few years, scores of men, men with no police experience, men with just ordinary grade school educations, have become Finger Print Experts. You can become a Finger Print Expert, too. Can you imagine a more fascinating line of work than this? More trained men are needed. Here is a real oppor-tunity for you. Learn the Secrets of Identification More and more the detection of crime resolves itself into a problem of identification. You can learn the methods of famous identification experts. You can learn the science of finger print identification--right at home in your spare time. Send for the free book which tells how famous Finger Print Experts got their start in this fascinating work. Tells the stories of thirteen actual cases solved by Finger Print Experts. Tells how you can become a Finger Print Expert in an amazingly short time. Course in Secret Service FREE For a limited time, we are making a special offer of a PROFESSIONAL FINGER PRINT OUTFIT absolutely free and FREE Course in Secret Service Intelligence. Mastery of these two kindred professions will open a brilliant career for you. This coupon will bring you FREE BOOK and de-tails of this great offer. Don't wait until the offer has expired. Fill in the coupon now. Mail it today. University of Applied Science, Dept. C-152 1920 Sunnyside Avenue, Chicago, Illinois University of Applied Science, Dept. C-152 1920 Sunnyside Avenue, Chicago, Illinois Please send me full information on your course in Finger Print Identification and about Free Course in Secret Service Intelligence. I understand that there is no obligation of any sort. Name ..... Street Address ..... City and State ..... Age ..... In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO BM 