The Man Who Was Two 59 When the trouble broke loose Latham was standing midway between the row of prisoners and the little knot of guards. As the missiles flew through the air he was caught between two fires. Something--a dish or bowl--struck him squarely on the head. He dropped to the floor unconscious. For five minutes the battle waged across his body. Then he recovered consciousness and plunged into the fray with almost maniacal strength, aiding the guards wherever possible. When the affair was ended and the mutineers were finally herded back into their cells he was bleeding from a dozen wounds. Here is the peculiar feature: Imme- diately after the fight Latham, the model prisoner, became a prison outlaw. He refused to obey prison discipline, in- sisted on hobnobbing with the guards, and attempted to escape whenever occa- sion offered itself. He was taken before the warden. The latter, who had taken a great in- terest in the case of the former gun- man, especially since his services at the time of the break, tried argument. ' Latham insisted to the warden that he was being unjustly held. He as- serted that he was not Simon Latham, the outlaw, but Captain John Conners, the policeman! The warden, a man not prone to for- get favors, finally ordered him taken from the cell where he had been con- fined after his outbreak and placed in the insane ward under observation. He is there now. Here are the facts as I deduce them. I am positive that I am right: Captain Conners was in the act of arresting Latham when the wreck oc- curred. He had, as I have said, drawn his revolver and with it covered the murderer. "Who d'ye think I am, damn yeh?" the gangster demanded. "I don't think--I know," Conners answered. "You are--" Before he could finish his sentence the cars were piled together. He was thrown forward and received a terrific blow on the head. Then and there all memory disappeared. But in his subconscious mind were the thoughts that had been flashing through his brain while he was making the arrest! His subconscious memory retained nothing but the impressions of Simon Latham. He had known Latham for years. His history was, to the police- man, an open book. He was about to utter Latham's name when the blow came that erased all memory. So while the conscious mind of Captain John Conners was obliterated, there remained in the tiny cells in the back of his head the recol- lection of the man who stood before him at that last instant. Latham was killed. His body, muti- lated beyond all recognition, was buried as Captain John Conners. Conners, disfigured and mutilated, speaking only the thoughts that, as I have said, were in his mind at that last instant-- thoughts that had only to do with Simon Latham--accepted the role of Simon Latham, lived it, accepted the punishment of Simon Latham! Yet somewhere in those tiny cells of subconsciousness remained the police- man. He could not be the renegade that Latham had been, because it was not in his make-up, even though in his own mind he was Latham. Why? Be- cause his training had all been on the side of law and order. Then came the prison break. That flying dish, striking him on the head, removed, in some way, the pressure against his brain. Immediately the role of Simon Latham was forgotten and he started in again where he had left off six years before. He was again Captain 