46 Fingers from the Grave roots of his hair at the realization that he was no longer alone. He heard the ghostly sound of footsteps crossing the room and then the candle on the dresser suddenly wavered as if a passing breeze had slightly stirred it. As the para- lyzed newspaperman gazed wide-eyed from his chair, there came from the dresser the unmistakable sound of hair- pins tinkling down into a celluloid tray. Thinking that an over-vivid imagina- tion was playing him tricks, Grimstead, by a tremendous effort of will, sat erect in his chair and was about to spring to his feet, when an amazing thing stupe- fied him once more into inaction. The ghostly footsteps crossed the car- pet once more, like the soft brushing of unseen wings, and Grimstead saw the bed suddenly sag--as if a body were lying there--and then one of the pillows became indented--as if a head were resting there. Something inz'isible was reclining upon the bed! As this incredible fact percolated through Grimstead's understanding, blind panic assailed him. Only one thing, he confessed afterward, pre- vented him from becoming a gibbering idiot. That was his discovery that the door leading into the dressing-room, which was wide open after his visitant had entered, was now tightly closed. This tended to convince him that the entire episode was an hallucination due to overwrought nerves. At any rate, he sprang to his feet, de- termined to probe the mystery to its depths, when a sound smote upon his ears that stiffened him in his tracks and made him snatch the automatic hur- riedly from the table. Someone was coming up the stairs! He heard the sound of shuffling, re- luctant footsteps, as if the person, thing or whatever it was, were disinclined to make the ascent. Slower and more hesi- tant became these ominous footsteps, and Grimstead, now utterly unnerved, gripped the automatic frantically and turned a white face in the direction of the bedroom door, not knowing what to expect. But he felt convinced that if this door opened as the other had done and no tangible thing entered he should scream like an hysterical woman. The unwilling footsteps had now reached the landing outside the door and came to a halt there, as if the intruder were listening. This wait seemed inter- minable to the crouching newspaperman who stood immovably by the table, his automatic aimed straight at the door. Finally there was a shuffle of feet and then a hand turned the knob. Slowly the door opened. "Hands up," cried Grimstead hoarse- ly, "or I'll shoot." "What the devil?" growled a sur- prised voice, and Grimstead emitted a great sigh of relief. At least it was a human being! A heavily built, bearded man about fifty years old, a stranger to Grimstead, walked slowly into the room, first glan- cing around fearfully before allowing his gaze to rest upon Grimstead. "Now then," he said coldly, "who are you and what are you doing in this house ?" "Just what I was going to ask you," grinned Grimstead, his self-possession now fully restored. "I am--" began the stranger--and then came the crowning horror of that memorable evening. The man's voice suddenly broke and his tanned face turned livid with fear. He was star- ing with a look of indescribable terror at the bed. "What's that? Who's there?" he whispered in high-pitched, terror-laden accents. "Why--what--" stammered Grim- stead and then froze into the gaping figure of a man. The indentations in the bed and pil- 