The Man in the Black Mask 11 bank, I tested the depth of the water and finding that it appeared shallow, sat down and removed my shoes and stock- ings. Then, turning up my trousers to the knees, I forded the stream and on the opposite bank put my shoes, etc., on again, taking up my search from that side. It was approximately two o'clock when I left Grimes at the edge of the forest and nearly two hours later when I found myself in the gully between the two hills just opposite the swamp in the rear of the little president's resi- dence. Deciding that I had gone far enough in a northeasterly direction and finding nothing of a suspicious nature on the left bank of the creek, I quickly forded the stream again and set off along the right bank, intending to skirt the swamp, returning to the house in time to dress for dinner. Suddenly, I noticed a suspicious movement in a clump of bushes near the edge of the wooded hill. I stopped short, then dropped on hands and knees, intending to creep forward and inves- tigate. As I did so, a report came from the brush and a bullet whistled past my head. Had I been a tenth of a second later, my life would probably have paid the penalty. I am not a coward by any means. But neither am I inclined to be fool- hardy. I dislike to take human life, but I was forced to defend myself. I re- plied to the attack by pumping half a clip of shots into the clump from which the bullet had come, at the same time dodging behind a convenient tree. I remained for probably ten minutes, keeping a sharp lookout for my antago- nist. Then, hearing nothing more, I cautiously skirted the bushes, approach- ing them from behind. My mysterious assailant had flown. I found the spot from where he had fired, however, as an empty cartridge testi- fied, while the grass was tramped flat where he had been lying. Close by, where it had been dropped in his flight, was a handkerchief scented, with lavender. In the. corner was em- broidered the letter "I." Innis, the diplomatic attorney, who had objected so strenuously, though courteously, to my retention as an in- vestigator, had, I had noticed at the morning's meeting, kept his handker- chief strongly scented with lavender-- an odor which is extremely repugnant to me--so repugnant that I had noted it particularly. CHAPTER VI Here was a puzzle. Why should Innis--for I now felt certain that it had been the lawyer who had fired upon me--object so strongly to my presence that he felt it necessary to murder me in order to put me out of the way? Could he be the mysterious masked man? It did not seem probable. And, yet, I had suspected Joan Marne-with no more evidence against her"--in fact, not as much--as I had against the lawyer. It pleased me to think that the trail was leading in another direction. Anybody but Joan, I felt. Evidently the note pinned to my door had told the truth. There were "too many''people mixed up in the case" to take any chances. The band led by the masked mystery would not stop even at murder in order to carry out their ends. Clearly, it was up to me to move cau- tiously. There was something decidedly "rotten in Denmark." Something was going on of which the little president was not informed. The affair, rather than being as simple as I had at first believed, was rapidly assuming compli- cations of gigantic proportions. Every time I turned around I bumped into some new piece of evidence. There was 