The Half-Asleep Girl 65 clear his vision. Then he removed it and waved it weakly toward the corner. "This man, John Ulrich," he began, "is my cousin. Like my daughter and myself, he has seen much misfortune. He came in tonight brokenspirited and stood at the foot of my bed and told me he was going to end it all. I tried to reason with him, but he wouldn't listen. On the table lay a knife--one John had brought with him from the East Indies when he stoked on a British steamer. He walked over and picked it up. Fright- ened, I cried out at the top of my lungs, but that merely frenzied him, and he drove the blade to its hilt in his breast. You know the rest." "And your daughter?" "She was here at the time. Weren't you, Lola?" The girl nodded. It was no more than a tired little inclination of her pretty head. Knibbs could not help pitying her. The questions continued. "What is your name ?" "Bastian De Brunner." "How long have you lived here ?" "Less than a month." "And previously?" "Australia." "M-mm," mumbled Dreer. Then he arose quickly, went to the corner and threw the sheet aside. The body of John Ulrich was fully six feet tall and solidly constructed. His face, though somewhat distorted, re- vealed plain, rather commonplace fea- tures under a shaggy beard. His shirt was darkly stained where the knife had penetrated. The weapon itself, how- ever, had been removed, and lay on the table. It was, from all the evidence, a plain case of suicide, motive poverty. Yet doubt might be readily cast on the mo- tive. For had not this girl, Lola, re- turned earlier in the evening with up- ward of a thousand dollars in loot taken forcibly from Fleming Metcalf Knibbs? Was it likely, with this wealth in her possession, that she would allow a member of the family to kill himself because of dire need? No, it wasn't likely. Still--- Simeon Dreer went to Knibbs and whispered: "Talk to her while I engage her father. Ask her if she remembers you. Hint about the robbery and watch her face." Fleming approached the girl, took her hand and drew her to one of the small windows overlooking the street. By the light of a corner arc lamp they could see, directly below, the half-rotted wooden steps on which she had slipped. Knibbs pressed her hand gently. She looked at him. "Do you remember me ?" he murmured. "What ?" Her tone was as listless as before. "Do you remember having met me before?" She gave a little negative shake of her sepia-crowned head. And then, trailing after, a long-drawn "No-o-o." Knibbs waxed a bit impatient. This feminine Jesse James was either con- summately clever or genuinely half- asleep. Her features hadn't yielded the slightest sign of recognition. He de- cided to be more explicit. "You know," he said, "I was robbed this evening by--of all persons--a pretty young lady---robbed of a watch and scarf pin and three hundred dollars in currency." "Were you?" she sighed. "Yes." "I'm sorry." "Are you really?" "Yes." "Then, perhaps--" he lowered his voice still more--"perhaps you can tell me where they are." She smiled very much as a child smiles in its sleep. B.M.--Nov.--5 