112 Two Bells As he moved forward a sudden lurch of the brig sent the lamp crashing against the bulkhead. He stumbled; clutched at something tangible; .clung. With a sense of aching despair he re- alized that he was denied the sight' of-- Darkness had hardly shut its jaws upon the foul hole when the parrakeet shrieked: "Two bells, mate, two bells. . . ." An instant of frightful silence came on the heels of the bird's speech, then: "God, how did you know?" shrilled the voice. "That was when I stabbed him. . . . As I pulled the knife out two bells struck. . . ." The Boy felt a sudden quiver of the planks beneath his feet, heard a rip- ping sound forward . . . and a sud- den convulsion of the water flung him backward. Terrified, he regained his balance and groped until he found and pulled himself through the bulkhead- door. How he made the main cabin he never knew. After a period of breath- less struggle, bruised and hurt, almost strangled by the deepening flood, he reached the foot of the now inverted companion-stairs and began to climb. He was almost at the top when a great wave, hurled through the com- panion above, descended upon him and bore him, gasping and choking, into the liquid blackness below. The world swung around in giddy chaos. He experienced a terrible plunging sensation; torrents of delir- ious water passed over him ; pitiless night swirled its black currents about his struggling body. Buoying himself upward, battling against the legions of water, he strove to attain the surface. His thrashing arms struck something hard. At the contact his body went rigid with horror. The ceiling of the cabin. Trapped. A fierce exultation possessed him-- the glory of struggle. He tried to fight, but the liquid death crushed him. He screamed--was choked. He knew the torture of suffocation, a seemingly end- less period of terror and pain such as he had never known, even when the lash of Black Michael curled about his bare skin; and a vivid, blinding flash of the concentrated events of many years leaped like hundred-hued lightnings athwart his drowning eyes. In the midst of this glow, sur- rounded by tiny reeling stars, he saw The White Lotus . . . . burning with the fire of palest moons--a figure that faded, became as destroyed moonlight, a vanishing glory that perished the very instant that it flashed to light his way. "la, ora na i te Atua. . . Dark sluice-gates closed upon him. V " 'Ere she goes, mateys--look!" That was the first thing that Cardi- gan heard, a sentence that clove the fabric of unconsciousness and left him lying, pained to the soul, in what seemed a vast, misty cavern. He felt intermittent sprays upon his face and tried to struggle to a sitting position, but an intense burning in his skull made him fall back. He opened his lips. "Charlie . : . where are you ?" An instant afterward a huge face, seeming wraithlike in the fog, materi- alized in the dusky vacancy above him. "She's just gone down, sir!" the third mate said in a husky voice. "Gawd, it was orful . . . with the little fool aboard--" "You mean--?" "Yerss. 'E dragged you up the com- panionway and Hi 'elped lower you into the long-boat. . . . We'd 'ardly got away, sir, when she went back orf the rocks . . . straight down." He paused, then: "Shall Hi call the roll, sir?" 