38 Planned by the Stars "The stars," she began, following a usual procedure, "plan and compel! Their influence falls directly on each mortal. What is planned cannot be changed. A man's planetary destiny is as inflexible as Fate. It is Fate. I charge one dollar for a reading." The red-faced youth produced a crumpled dollar and pushed it across the table. "Give me the dope on how I'm gonna make out. Am I gonna be lucky or not? Get the hop working and give me a buzz. Should I or shouldn't I ?" The seamy lips of the astrologer came together. "What is your name ?" she asked in a business-like voice. "What is the date of your birth? Upon what hour of that day or night were you bom? I must know these things before I read the messages of the heav- enly bodies." - ' The youth continued to stare at her for a long minute. He muttered the name of Joe Carney, informed her of the date of his natal day and, without hesitation, said he had been born at the precise hour of midnight. Madame Sovio became engrossed in a deep study of her charts. While she bent her gray-crowned head over the table Joe Carney settled back in his chair. He glanced about idly and wrinkled his nose at the fa- miliar odor of gin that could not be dis- guised by the perfume of the cloves. He sat patiently until a slight exclamation moved his eyes to the woman across the table. He was surprised to see she was staring at a chart with every indication of horror. * "Not one hour of the twenty-four is propitious! The day is ill-omened! All the plentary influences are dark and evil. Mars, Saturn, Uranus and Mercury are adverse. Jupiter is in a hostile position and is ringed with red. This is the star that guides your footsteps through this constellation. Its scarlet rim foretells but one thing." Joe Carney met her gaze. "What's that?" Madame Sovio moved her hand slightly. "Murder!" she said quietly. "At midnight you came upon this earth and at midnight the stars plan you shall be removed from it. Uranus intrudes and blurs the horoscope. I can read no further. That is all." Joe Carney laughed harshly. "The hell it is! I pay a dollar for that song and dance? Give me the money back. You're a robber!" Madame Sovio pushed the dirty bill he had laid on the table across to him. "Take it! It will bring you no good. You are in the shadow." The red-faced youth pocketed his money, shrugged with contempt and slouched out, banging the door after him. For an interval the woman sat motionless, fingers picking at the thumb- marked chart before her. "The red ring," she said half-aloud. "Blood on the stars--murder on earth--" Emerging onto Sixth Avenue, from the narrow entrance of the building housing the two rooms of the star- reader, Joe Carney laughed under his breath. "A hell of a spiel!" he said to him- self. "I should get glomed for a bone to get that bunk dished out. ' The old dame is nuts." He crossed to the west side of Sixth Avenue and walked north. A firm be- liever in the Black Arts, he wished he had not listened to the dock-walloper who had told him of the astrologer. He could have interviewed a palmist or crystal-gazer and not wasted his time. He knew nothing, and now it was too late to seek another seer. Within twen- ty minutes he had an appointment with 