Fit for a King 118 he knew about the federal prison on McNeil Island and he recognized my badge. He figured that the sea was safer than my anger and we started out. It was a hair-raising trip, although we had selected the ebbing tide of a fairly calm day for our exploration. Even On the ebb the swells of the wide Pacific were torn into surf by great hid- den rocks and dashed into foaming spray as they were broken by the claws of the cliff. We could only edge in a way, then turn and paddle for our lives --turn back and try it over again the same way. Not much satisfaction in that sort of work, I soon decided, but the sea has always been my ally in duty 'along the coast and I had a hunch it would help us out in this baffling case and I was playing that hunch strong. Just as we edged in for the last time I saw some- thing--a shadow, it might have been, or a discoloration in the cliff, but at any rate it was something--and dropped my glasses to seize my paddle to swing in closer, but before I could dip we were nearly capsized on a hidden rock and only the caution of the Indian, whose muscles had already been set for flight, saved us from death as the vision was snatched from my eyes. IV When I got back the other fellows listened politely enough but they were too busy with another angle of the case to take my fleeting vision very seriously. Brierly and Campbell were seated at the big table in the living-room with the notes and papers they had taken from their pockets before them. Stanwood was in his room and Corrigan was keep- ing watch on things outside, as one of us always did. Brierly was talking, or rather think- ing aloud, as he reviewed the facts we all knew and sought to find some hidden meaning in them. "There was Adams," he said, "the first one to drop out, Seattle ship- builder, supposed to be a millionaire, bachelor and privileged to have brought this Miss Johnson here with him if he wanted to, I suppose. No discoverable reason for running away or committing suicide. No idiot would try to run away from here on foot anyway. "The Johnson girl knows nothing about it or I'm a Dutchman. Says he went to the king's room to go to bed, she heard him scream and the room was empty when she got there. Windows all closed--no other door. No one here who could run the car and after two days of it she went sort of off her head and tried to get out on foot. "Then come Hunt and Terwilliger. They were here together and alone ex- cept for a Jap valet and chauffeur. No one knows what door they went through. The Jap says he had gone to his room over the garage after eating his supper and that they were gone in the morning. Certainly they left the car behind. Both were good friends, prosperous business men, happily married, out here, appar- ently, just for a little rest. "Now we come to the boss's friend. What happened to him? Successful lawyer, fine record, brilliant future, no troubles that we know of. Bit of a rounder, he was, they say, and I guess it's true if that Kilmer girl came out here with him. Tried to find him, she says, after he vanished. Doesn't re- member where she last saw him, she says, but thinks it was some place inside the house here. Now what became of him?" "What in hell became of any of them ?" Campbell answered with a shrug of his shoulders. We were silent for several minutes. Then Brierly shifted his position sud- denly and hurriedly relighted his pipe-- a sign that he had an idea, or at least thought he had. 