20 The Man in the Black Mask events with which I had to deal, allow me to digress for an instant and quote from my diary, which was written at the time, and in which I jotted down each item as it occurred in order to re- fresh my memory in case I ever man- aged to escape and the matter ever came to trial: " 'The Man in the Black Mask' be- comes a more and more perplexing character to me every hour," I wrote. "I am certain that he is Grimes. And I am growing of the opinion, the longer I observe him, that the weazened presi- dent of the Elkhorn Chemical Company is a veritable Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde! "I cannot understand him. For in- stance, this morning when I first ob- served him standing beside the body of McGinnis, he appeared nervous and overwrought. His walk was that of an old man. While I was kneeling down examining the body, he disappeared into one of the dark, gloomy tunnels, mut- tering to himself. "Whether he is a drug addict or not is a question. I only know that when he reappeared some fifteen or twenty minutes later he was a new man in ac- tions and appearance. His step was elastic and his whole manner again that of the natural leader. His eyes sparkled like coals of fire through the slits in his mask. And, strange to re- late, he appeared to have forgotten the entire incident. "Stepping up to where we were stand- ing about the body, he looked down at the battered remnant of what had been McGinnis and demanded gruffly of Travis. " 'Well, what the hell's happened now ?' "Travis looked at him queerly, then, with a shrug of his broad shoulders, informed him that there had been noth- ing of interest transpired since he left. " 'Since I left ?' he snarled. 'Hell's bells! I haven't been here before I Ex- plain yourself. Don't stand there and try to make a monkey out of me.' "Naturally Travis, as well as the rest of us, was somewhat perplexed. For a second he attempted to argue with his leader, but met with another angry re- buff. Seeing that he was getting no- where, he finally*.shut up like a clam, refusing to say another word in spite of the other's abuse. I could see, too, that the others were growing angry at the masked leader's churlishness to- wards their comrade, for Travis was popular with all. Finally, however, in response to his chief's demand, he went over the entire matter again. "When Travis had finished his tale, the masked man ordered the mutilated body prepared for burial, giving his loud-voiced commands in so callous a manner that even the case-hardened renegades under his command--thugs and dregs of humanity though they are --were shocked. " 'We'll "plant" him outside after dark tonight,' he ended. 'He was no good, anyway.' "Then, giving a number of sharp orders to his piratical crew, he asked me to walk a short distance down the cave with him. " 'Have you got any theories as to who might have killed him ?' he de- manded. 'You're a detective and chanced to be on the ground, as it were, at the time of the killing. Show me that you're worth your salt. Deliver the murderer to me and I'll reduce your ransom a thousand. I'd like to see one of you high-priced detectives at work!' "I shook my head, and with a sneer- ing remark regarding my ability, he turned the subject by informing me that the body of Backus had been taken away and, 'hell was to pay.' " 'It'll teach them that I'm not the sort of man to be played with,' he chuckled. 'Tomorrow I'll give them another sur- 