22 Black Shadows raphy. You are something of a hand- writing expert, so it wasn't hard to guess. But what is the big idea?" The older man tossed away his cigar and laughed. "You are doing so well on this, son, that I wanted to help, yet still keep you puzzled. I thought you would be able to follow that rather broad clue of mine, but I didn't want you to know that I left it. Have you seen Bradley?" "Of course. The old fellow was all fussed up when I wanted to know what his message meant. He hadn't any idea of what I was talking about." The editor of the Star chuckled. "I suppose so. There isn't any doubt in my mind that he is not implicated in this affair. When things are cleared up I'll take care of him. Now, I want you to go out and check up on Hawker. No doubt he has what he thinks is a puncture-proof alibi. I suspected Hawk- er when I learned- that he had a bank balance in excess of one hundred thou- sand dollars. That was sufficient proof that he isn't an ordinary chauffeur. So far as I know, he had no motive in killing either Guerney or Jones." "Yes, he had," Johnny asserted. Then he repeated the story Hawker had told him an hour ago. "Now, I've mapped out a plan to catch him napping. If you'll co-operate with me I think we can put it across." When he had finished his explanation the elder Suggs whistled. "It sounds good to me. I'll get busy on my end. Now you chase out, and check up every minute of his time." Johnny followed instructions, but at the close of his investigation found him- self up against the same blank wall that had blocked him when he checked up on Jones' day. The other chauffeurs at the St. Regis had played poker with Hawker until Jones had summoned him. That was at ten minutes to one, and the car had been marked out of the garage five minutes later. The traffic officer, on duty in the park that afternoon, dis- tinctly remembered seeing the Rolls- Royce at about one-fifteen. He knew Mr. Jones personally, and that gentle- man stopped and gave him some cigars. The reason that he remembered the time was that Jones asked him, saying his watch had stopped and the clock in the car was broken. Cursed a bit at the carelessness of the chauffeur in al- lowing it to happen, too. Miss Daisy Graelis reiterated her statement that Jones had arrived at two- thirty, and that the chauffeur was with him. She did not see Hawker again until four, when he returned to the Am- bassadeur for them. However, the manager of a poolroom across the street from the hotel stated that Hawker-- who was an old customer of the place --had taken a table at three o'clock, and had not left until five minutes to four. That accounted for his time just as J. Sylvester Jones' had been ac- counted for. Johnny puzzled over that. He was certain there was something in plain sight that he should see--something that would let him get a hand on Hawker. And suddenly it popped into his mind. Why hadn't he thought of that before? It was just as evident at first as it was now. Now, if his plan to force a confes- sion from the chauffeur--assuming that he was guilty--succeeded, everything would be all right. If Hawker really had killed Strickland Guerney he had left no clue, and he knew it. On the other hand, every murderer has a rest- less conscience--nerves that may be startled into betraying him. So Johnny felt fairly hopeful. He called Mildred Guerney on the telephone, and outlined his plan to her. The girl--who had come to trust him implicitly--agreed to every detail. Then Johnny paid a visit to Hawker at the 