8 Exterior to the Evidence cock of his chin, the upward twirl of his gray, carefully kept moustache, the very set of his shoulders. And now all this was set off in a faultlessly cut suit of summer tweeds finished by a tall white hat with a black band, white gloves with black stitches, white gaiters over patent leather boots--a vivid con- trast to Lucas Etherton's shaggy figure in an old blue suit liberally adorned with patches of grease and shreds and slivers of wool. Why did not her father speak ? Why did he sit there, evidently jingling the money and keys in his pockets, certainly kicking the waste-paper basket, cer- tainly smiling in that queer, provoking way? This puzzled Letty beyond be- lief ; it evidently puzzled Sir Cheville too, for after a long pause he turned from the window through which he was affecting to look, picked up the eye- glass which dangled from his neck by a thin gold chain, fixed it in his right eye and stared at the man he was reproach- ing. "I repeat--what does it all mean?" he said testily. "And I'll supplement that by another question. Are you going to repay me my loan, Mr. Etherton? I concluded it was for a few weeks--it has stretched into twelve months. I want my money. I am resettling my affairs. Why don't you speak, sir ?" Lucas Etherton tilted his chair far- ther back and looked tip at the ceiling. Even then, to the hearer who was with him and to the listener behind the cur- tain, it seemed as if he was unneces- sarily slow in answering. "Different folk have different notions, Sir Cheville," he said. "When you were kind enough to lend me that money, I told you I wanted it until I'd got some- thing fixed up. You said--I'm giving you your exact words--'Oh, any time, Etherton, any time--suit your own con- venience.' I took you at your word. It isn't convenient to repay you yet." "But damme, sir, you must have known that I was using a mere figure of speech!" exclaimed Sir Cheville. "A man does say something of that sort when--when he lends money to another man. Mere politeness, don't you know ! But--one doesn't mean it!" Lucas Etherton chuckled. "Ah, but, you see, i thought you did!" he retorted. "I'd always understood that you were one of those men who never say anything but what they mean." Sir Cheville made a final contortion, dropped his monocle, and tapped his smart walking-cane on the floor. "You're trifling with me, sir!" he said angrily. "You know as well as I do that the loan was a temporary one. Will you repay me--at once?" "Can't!" answered Lucas Etherton laconically. "Haven't got it!" "When will you have it?" demanded Sir Cheville. "Fix a date!" "Couldn't!" said Etherton, almost in- differently. "Might be soon--might be longer. Can't say at all today. I'm speaking as I do because you're talking about this matter as an ordinary, com- mon creditor might. You're talking about a debt of honour between two gentlemen as if it were a vulgar trade account, and you were the butcher or the candlestick maker. If--" Sir Cheville, who had grown very red and angry during the manufacturer's last few words, suddenly stepped up to the desk and smote his fist on it. "Damme, sir !" he vociferated. "How dare you talk to me like that ? Honour, indeed; I'd like to know what you know--" "About honour?" interrupted Ether- ton. "Perhaps quite as much as your- self. You lent me a sum of money, willingly, to be paid back at my con- venience. Now you come and demand it--" "I'll tell you what it is!" exclaimed 