6 Blueberry Pie the city of New York, perhaps, who believed him innocent of the crime for which he paid with his life. Those who looked into the affair admitted that Dennison had planned carefully enough to make it seem as if a burglar had committed the crime. There was the woman, bound, gagged, dead. There was the win- dow, on the fire-escape, by which the thief could have entered and escaped. There were the rifled drawers. Miss Graham's jewelry--all but one piece, that is, and even a burglar might have overlooked a small wrist-watch --was gone. What more natural than that a burglar should enter an apartment, start rifling its contents, see a young woman, struggle with her, finally strangle her with a towel and make his escape? Dennison had evidently left the apartment for good the day the mur- der was committed. He said he had gone out a day or two before the murder and had never returned, that, when he left, he had planned not to return. Several things pointed to the fact that the murder was committed on a Thursday evening. Miss Gra- ham had planned to go away that evening. She was never seen alive again. A letter was found in the letter-box. It had been delivered the next morning. It was from Denni- son, and in it he told her he hoped she would be as sensible as she had seemed, when they parted. He en- closed a check. It was a generous check, his lawyers pointed out. It could well afford to be, the district attorney answered, when Dennison knew his victim could never cash it. Just at first, the thing did look as if a burglar had done it. Then, little things-- Neighbors gave proof that helped convict Dennison. Little Mrs. Peter- son, who lived across the hall, had been glad to tell her bit. It was the first time Mrs. Peterson had ever got into the lime-light, and she rather gloried in it. She was a slender wo- man with a thin nose and rather beady eyes. Mrs. Peterson had been a friend of Mrs. Dennison--Miss Graham, that is. She had always liked her-- had known her for two years. The Dennisons--well, the two of them, had been awfully happy for a long time, happier than most married couples. Then, a few months before, things had changed. She had found Miss Graham crying. Finally, Miss Graham admitted that Dennison was no longer kind to her. He was cruel --awfully cruel. He threatened to leave her. He said, he was in love with another woman. Miss Graham had done all she could, cooked the things he liked best. She was a good cook, a nice little woman, quiet, well- bred, pretty, too, with short light bobbed hair. Mrs. Peterson would never forget how she looked--when she saw her there, dead--4ier blonde, bobbed hair--her poor stained fingers, her little stained apron. . . . Yes, the quarreling had gone on f--got worse all the time. Then a couple of days before--before the end, Miss Graham had cried all the time. But that morning, things had changed. Miss Graham had come to her, awfully happy, to say that Den- nison and she had made up, that they were going away on a two week's vacation up in Westchester. They'd have a lot of fun. The jani- tor brought up the trunks -- she didn't know just when--Dennison's trunk and Miss Graham's--of course, the very one in the apartment. Miss Graham and she had gone down at the same time to answer the post- man's ring and later, Miss Graham had called her in as she packed and 