The Trap By R. T. M. Scott I THE dusty, sun-baked train of the Madras Railway rumbled across the long bridge over the Kistna River and came to a halt at Bez- wada. Smith of the Criminal Intelli- gence Department of India threw open the door of his first-class compartment and strolled indolently through the throng of shouting natives toward the station restaurant. Shrill-voiced paw- nee-wallahs lugged their skins of water from window to window of the third- class carriages and sweetmeat venders cried the virtues of their confections as they held their trays aloft. It was an old story to Smith and one might have thought that he paid no at- tention whatever to his surroundings. He, gave no sign of interest but in reality he was keenly interested. Three times during the last ten days had his life been attempted. It was well for him to be on the alert. After a light tiffin Smith sauntered up and down the platform for a few minutes before the train was due to re- sume its long journey to Calcutta. He was the only white man among the crowds of natives. Indeed there were only two first-class compartments on the entire train. One of these--directly in rear of Smith's compartment--was reserved for ladies. An unusually old ayah scuttled backwards and forwards between this compartment and the res- taurant. She was busy with refresh- ments for her mistress, who preferred not to leave the train and who kept her blinds drawn against the curious gaze of the natives. Sharp toots of warning from the engine caused Smith to turn abruptly and enter his compartment. As he closed the door behind him he heard it opened again and he turned like a flash to ascertain the cause. Unexpected oc- currences had come to have ominous significance for him of late. What Smith saw upon turning, how- ever, did not seem very dangerous. He was a dapper, little man who entered, smooth shaven and far from strong in physical appearance. He threw his topee into the rack for small parcels and sat down upon the seat opposite to the one upon which Smith's kit was lying. No word was spoken. White men who live in India do not talk much without a formal introduction. Smith paid as little outward attention to his new traveling companion as he had paid to the throngs of natives upon the station platform. As the train gathered way he stretched himself full length upon his seat and lighted a cigarette. Notwithstanding his ap- parent indifference, however, Smith had noted several things which the ordinary observer might have failed to perceive. Instinctively he felt that the little man had attempted to display an easy manner that he did not feel when he threw the topee into the rack. Smith felt that the act was an at- tempt at nonchalance and was not genuine. He noted, too, that the man had no native servant which is unusual for the first-class traveler of the East. In addition to this the eyes of the little man had a story to tell. They were not straight eyes. They were shifty and it was Smith's profession to read eyes. 41 