The Mystery of the One-Legged Man 53 rise, but Fellows's hand was about his throat and held him tightly to his chair. Then very slowly, Fellows brought his other hand from behind his back. In it was a long knife and some queer contrivance whose purpose I could not make out. He threw these things on the table in front of Wonderly. "Smithers," he said in a cold, hard voice, "I want you to arrest this man for the murder of John Elder, Sir Roger Bascom, Professor Belding and Dr. Parkington." III What happened then happened so quickly that we others had not the time to pull ourselves together and go to Fellows's aid. There was a brief strug- gle between Fellows and Wonderly, a cry from the latter, the tinkle of broken glass on the floor and then suddenly Wonderly's body went limp in Fellows's hands. "Poison," Fellows muttered, bending over the body of his late antagonist. "The beggar had it in the pocket of his dressing-gown." He picked up a rug from the floor and threw it over the body in front of him. Now we all crowded around Fellows and burst into a babel of questions. He raised one hand to silence us and with the other pointed at the queer con- trivance which with the knife lay in front of Wonderly's corpse. "There," he said, "is the wooden leg of your Peg-Leg." The thing was a piece of board cut in the shape of the sole of a shoe. From the bottom projected a short, round stick tipped with an iron ferrule. At the front and back were straps by which it might be fastened to a man's foot. Only a brief examination of it was needed to see how once so fastened the prints the wearer would leave be- hind him would certainly resemble those of a one-legged man. Smithers was the first to break the silence. "Mr. Fellows," he said, "I must con- gratulate you. You have laid by the heels a man whom the best detectives in England couldn't catch. But I beg of you, sir, tell us how you did it." Fellows sank into a chair. "All right," he said, "it must be sometime and I suppose it might as well be now." He drew a square, leather-bound book from his pocket. "But first," he went on, "I want you to listen to a few extracts from Won- derly's diary. They will throw some light on the man's motives for his das- tardly crimes." Then in a low voice he read us the following: Calcutta, November 16--Civilization again! After five years of freedom to be cooped up in this place of narrow streets and silly houses 1 But if it is my destiny to carry on the war among men of my own race, I must not begin by complaining. I see none but strange faces on the streets and in the clubs. Thanks to the gods, the men who knew me have gone their ways. The fools! They despised me because my eyes sought the Light. And when, having found it, I followed it, they said that I had gone fantee. How I could laugh at them now. The pretentious asses with their weak, anaemic gods, thinking they know the secrets of life. I who have stood before the altar of Siva and watched the spilling of the blood; I who have harkened to the angry voice of Kali, would bid them halt and reconsider their conceit lest the vengeance that is Asia's de- scend upon them. * * * * London--The message came today, and it is to kill--kill--Kill! * * * My birthday, and I have begun the great work. John Elder is dead. Even now the police are searching for the one-legged man who killed him. One-legged! I wonder if the fools will ever see through my little scheme for sending them hunting the wild goose. * * * The good work continues. Bascom and Belding are gone the way of Elder. So may 