The Prisoner Speaks (A Complete Mystery Novelette) By J. Frederic Thorne CHAPTER I IN the case of the State of Washing- ton vs. Samuel Smith, charged with the murder of his wife, Hattie Smith, the prosecution has intro- duced witnesses who swore that: The defendant, Samuel Smith, was violently jealous of his wife, and on numerous occasions had been heard to threaten to kill each one of several men whom he believed or imagined to have paid too great attention to the said Hattie Smith, described as a beautiful woman by all who knew her. No direct evidence was adduced to show that he had included his wife in these threats, or coupled her name with those of the men named. This infer- ence, however, was skilfully presented to the jury in the opening address of the prosecuting attorney. The latter further strengthened this idea by his questioning of the witnesses. State- ments were elicited from more than one that the belief of the community was, as one expressed it, "that Hattie Smith had better watch her step, or that hus- band of hers will kill her one of these days during one of his fits of rage." Nor had it been shown that anyone actually had seen or heard Smith threaten or quarrel with his wife. But again the impression that he had done so was conveyed by the questions asked and the answers elicited by the prose- cuting attorney, who displayed great cleverness and legal ability in his han- dling of the case. In more than one instance he succeeded in making very substantial mountains of solid threat out of what were, in themselves, molehills of evidence. So favorable was the im- pression he made, by his masterly per- formance of his duties, that before the case came to an end he was mentioned as a possible candidate for the gover- norship in the campaign then pending. While the evidence tending to show Smith's guilt was entirely circum- stantial, it was damning in its weight and directness, in the particularity of all those incriminating details that ham- mer home a belief which often is fully as strong as that supported by the testi- mony of eye-witnesses. To secure a conviction for murder the law requires, as a primal factor, the proof of the corpus delicti; that is, "the body of the offense"--the fact that a human being has been murdered. This essential fact being established and evidence submitted sufficient to se- cure an indictment, the next step is to connect, or attempt to connect, the de- fendant with the crime proven. Cir- cumstantial evidence, to secure convic- tion, must exclude every other hypothe- sis except that of guilt. Time, place, motive and means are established, or sought to be established. All of these requirements had been met by the prosecuting attorney. The evidence adduced by the State had set up as facts the following an- swers to these statutory demands: As motive, an unreasoning and un- founded jealousy and suspicion, leading 3 