56 Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil "Help me, Dan, damn you," whined another. "Let go my coat, you - -," he heard one say amid the noise of running feet and overturned furni- ture, while old Martha screamed lustily from her now opened window. Abandoning this attack, Porter leaped from the veranda and ran to the front of the house. He was beginning to be- lieve he could make out something mov- ing against a sky-line formed by a rise of ground--something that looked like two running men, one almost dragging the other--when he bumped full tilt into what was undoubtedly a man, hud- dled in a clump of rose bushes, with his back toward him and facing the main entrance to the grounds. The impact knocked the doctor from his feet and before he could recover, the man was running across the lawn. As Porter staggered up, a shot fanned the hair along the side of his head and, philosophically, he turned back into his open front door with his thoughts about equally divided between the screams of his housekeeper and the safety of a pearl necklace in his safe--a treasure of which he was trustee--a wedding gift for his daughter from her dead mother, when the time should come. A shouted word up the stairs quieted the screams, but mafiy unprofessional oaths failed to alter the scene as he looked into his library, where the door of the safe stood open, with its con- tents scattered about on the floor. The case in which his wife's necklace had rested undisturbed for ten years was upside down on the library table. Empty--a quick glance showed. But something crunched under his foot as he moved and sweat that the thieves had not started broke out on his forehead as he turned on more lights and retrieved the fragments of a pearl. Standing in his tracks, then cautious- ly kneeling and creeping, he searched with eyes and fingers until he had found eleven more, waving back and silencing the moaning old woman who wavered in the doorway. Twelve, that accounted for--twelve out of thirty-six. They had got twenty-four of them, then, the scoundrels, he decided. Well, he should have them back--have them if it took all his time and his life besides. He was something of a sentimentalist, this doctor, for all *his calm exterior. A sentimentalist, with a touch of the mas- terful and stubborn. With a sigh, he arose to his feet, took up his telephone and called the village police. He had not stopped to question Martha until then. As he thought, she knew nothing. She had been suddenly, vaguely disturbed; she had listened and heard sounds down- stairs--voices that were those of strangers; then an oath and noise of a quarrel; afraid to shout, she had re- called the code of her days of deafness and acted upon an impulse to try to signal her master in case he should be coming along the road. There was no help there. Neither was there in the weighty theories offered by the village police sergeant upon his tumultuous arrival upon the scene a few minutes later. Dr. Porter was glad when they were all gone and he was able to light his pipe and sink into his easy chair with his feet resting carefully amid the scattered contents of his safe, which still littered the floor. Daylight, for which he had waited, came just about the time he was ready for it. He had said nothing to the village sergeant about the talking fingers, but he had spent the night thinking about them and also about the crouching figure into whose heedless back he had crashed. He had reached two conclusions, born of his long ob- servance of defective mankind. One of the men who had robbed him was 