92 The Strange Story of Martin Colby "Suddenly, I heard a scream--a piercing, terror-stricken shriek -- coming out of the darkness of the night. "Edith Morley stood before me! "Have you ever seen a poor, hunted creature at bay? She was panting desperately. Her arms were out- stretched towards me, her fingers working convulsively. Her dress was torn so that a glimpse of the round, white shoulder showed. In her eyes was a look of despair, of helpless appeal. Her long, golden hair hung about her waist in tangled disarray. I knew that she was asking me for help. I attempted to arouse myself from the horrible, paralyzing constriction that held me to my chair. But I was helpless, bound down by invisible bands. "And then, into the focus leaped a man--a human beast--a thick-lipped, coarse-featured creature with snap- ping black eyes that glowered and blazed between red, swollen lids, and a bluish-dark growth of whisker that only served to emphasize the brutal viciousness of his undershot lower jaw. I tell you, he was a creature straight from the Inferno. "At sight of the girl, the bestial lips parted, showing a glimpse of de- caying, tobacco-stained teeth. He raised one black, hairy hand and beckoned. The girl drew back a trifle further, the look of desperation kindled anew in her eyes, one white, slender hand pressed against her pal- pitating breast. "As Heaven is my witness, I saw that tragedy unfold itself in front of my eyes with all the vividness of a motion picture thrown upon the screen. I struggled with every bit of strength at my command to tear my- self loose from the invisible hands that glued me to my chair. But in vain. I watched the beast slowly drawing himself forward like a snake about to strike. I could not move. Nearer and nearer he came, passing so close to me that I could smell his whiskey-and-tobacco-laden breath, moving with cat-like stealth. And, as he approached her, she drew farther and farther away until she found her back against the wall. Her wild, blue eyes looked into mine, tense with fear, desperate--and I was helpless. "God! The sweat poured from every pore in my body. Then, sud- denly, he -launched himself at her. What a fight she put up to keep him from her, striking, clawing, biting. She was like a wounded tigress at bay. Her waist was torn into shreds. On the white flesh of her arms, the bruises stood out with startling vividness. "With an almost superhuman effort, she twisted herself from his grasp and leaped away. Once more he drove her into a corner. Again that look of piteous appeal to me. Then, be- fore he could seize her again, her con- vulsive fingers reached into the bosom of her dress and returned with a tiny bottle on which the death's head showed a brilliant scarlet under the electric lamp. "Before she could convey it to her mouth, the beast was upon her, his talons tightened about her wrist. She battled now with the energy of de- spair. Backward he bent her arm un- til I listened for the snap that tells of the agony of broken bones. But again, through some strange twist of fate, she tore herself from his grasp. Her freedom was but for an instant. Yet it was long enough for her to carry the tiny vial to her lips. "Then she crumpled up in a little heap on the floor. And, gentlemen, I will swear that there was a smile of happiness on her face. 