The Explosive Gentleman 79 Nolan when it came to taking chances As Mrs. Nolan dug the crystals off the third candle, a small piece broke off one of them and fell to the floor. And as she stepped to pick up the fourth candle she placed most of her two hundred and twenty pounds on the frozen nitro- glycerine. My! That crystal could have played a nasty trick on her! She found it a moment later, crushed to powder on the carpet, swept it up and spilled it with the rest of the crys- tals into a brass ash tray. ... Well anyhow, in that respect, Mr. Brophy was right: concussion will explode it sometimes, sometimes it won't. This time it didn't. We also know a proverb to cover the succeeding events: "With God nothing is accidental." Mrs. Nolan decided to carry the stuff out into the kitchen and throw it in the waste pail. For no reason at all she changed her mind and carried the asy tray with her across the hall and into the reception room. She placed it on the center table and then threw all the windows open. She had just started cleaning when a cry and then the sound of a body falling, came from the floor above. She rushed into the hall. The old Mr. Boyer lay on the stairway near the landing of the floor above. Mrs. Nolan saw him seize the bannister and try to pull himself up. But when he was half erect, he collapsed again. Now Mr. Boyer was ordinarily a mild-mannered gentleman, but under certain condition he was given to the use of colorful lan- guage. He got Mrs. Nolan and the butler and the chambermaid, all of whom had rushed. to his assistance, rather excited. It occurred to all three of them, at different times, that in case of accident it's a good idea to telephone to some- body. Three doctors, Mr. Boyer's office, a hospital and his lawyer were called up. No one thought of an undertaker or the fire department. Verily, a sprain in the ankle maketh of man an unreason- able wretch. Neither of Mr. Boyer's sons hap- pened to be in the office when the three telephone calls brought the news of the old man's injury. They had gone to transact outside business without leav- ing word of their movements. A sec- retary finally became alarmed and went out to the clerical department to notify Boyer's nephew, Mr. Kremp. "There's been a terrible accident up at the Boyer home," said the secretary. "The old man has been hurt. ... Well no, I couldn't make out how. They're sure awful excited up at the home. Per- haps you'd better go there." Accident . . . terrible . . . awful excitement -- these were the words which kept ringing in Kremp's ears as he hurried up to the Boyer home. But why had only the old gentleman been hurt ? Had he gone into the music room alone? . . . Kremp was admitted by the chamber- maid. That young lady was still in the grip of her excitement. She led him to the reception room door and then, stating somewhat abruptly, that she would inform Mr. Boyer that he had come, turned and ran upstairs. Now, from the hall it was apparent that the music room was not a wreck. This was puzzling. Still, something was not in order. That was clear from the maid's actions. Kremp went into the reception room. He was too preoccupied to notice that the windows were open and that the room was quite cold. He stood leaning against the center table. After a few moments he absently laid his lighted cigar into a brass ash tray. Just how much nonsense do you ex- pect nitroglycerine to stand for? It had been scratched, scraped, tossed 