The Phantom Check 27 and guess I'll have to wreck my account for a day or two." "Just a moment, Mr. Esseltine," Hackett replied, "while I glance over our balance index.y At the name, Cheever, with well simu- lated carelessness, dropped a pencil to the floor, and as he straightened up with it in his fingers glanced casually at the customer framed in the teller's window. He was a big, well-groomed man, with a keen, afert air, and that indefinable something that denotes a thorough knowledge with the world and its devi- ous ways. Hackett had now returned to the counter. "A few cents over five thousand dol- lars, Mr. Esseltine," he informed him respectfully. "About what I had thought," the other said as he pushed a check over to him. I'll leave the few cents for a nest egg." Cheever, without seeming to hurry, left the cage, passed along the aisle, and picking up his hat reached the lobby just as Esseltine turned from the teller's window, stowing a sljeaf of bank notes into a big morocco-covered wallet. Cheever, noting with satisfaction that Hayes, the bank detective, was loitering in the lobby, reached the street door a deliberate sfep ahead of the man with the plethoric wallet. Here he turned suddenly and con- fronted the big man. "Mr. Esseltine," he asked pleasantly, "didn't you overdraw your account a trifle just now." "Who are you to ask so insulting a question?" Esseltine asked coldly. "Who am I?" the detective replied evenly. "Oh, I'm Dan Cheever of Chi- cago. Lucky that I got here Monday instead of Tuesday, eh, Essetine? I see that we understand each other, which simplifies matters. You'll come quietly of course, which proves your good breeding. Hayes and I will step down to your office with you for a little friendly chat." V Just at closing time Cheever re- entered the bank and sauntered over to the President's office. Entering, he seated himself leisurely in a leather chair and, waving aside the tumbling questions with which the excited President bom- barded him, asked for teller number one. "Sit down, Hackett," the detective said genially when the teller appeared. Then he turned on him a quizzical eye as he asked: "How much were you short last week, remember ?" "I'd think so, Mr. Cheever," Hackett assured him gloomily. "A man isn't likely to forget four thousand dollars." "Four thousand," Cheever mused, "plus five thousand today, makes nine thousand dollars. A tidy little sum, Hackett?" "Five thousand today," Hackett gasped. "Sure enough," the detective grinned amiably, "You didn't expect anything but a grandstand finish, did you ?" "I'd say," the irascible Wines flared up at this point, "that your levity is just a little misplaced, Mr. Cheever. Losing nine thousand dollars may seem a huge! joke to you but most emphatically it's mot to me." "Losing it is not so hard," the detec- tive chuckled, "if you get it back. See what Esseltine returns with his com- pliments." Then with deliberation he drew from his pocket a roll of bills wrapped about with a bit of string and tossed it care- lessly across the table to the teller. With an inarticulate cry, Hackett seized the roll, untwisted the string, and with feverish haste thumbed over the bills. "About nine thousand there?" Chee- 