The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh By Christopher B. Booth I THE leaky radiator of a flivver was responsible for the discov- ery. Judson Wheaton, a farmer living in the lower end of the county, was driving to the city when he shut off his overheated engine and climbed down into the dusty roadway. Some distance from the highway stood the Thatcher farmhouse, bleak, ugly and deserted, its pitiful shabbiness charitably hidden by the thick foilage of many maple trees. Wheaton cursed again that people should build their houses so far from the thoroughfare. "Now I've got to tramp all th' way up that hill for water," he lamented. A stranger in the neighborhood, he did not know that the place was deserted until he reached the top of the knoll and saw the windows staring vacantly down upon him. "Just my luck!" he mourned; "prob- ably not a bucket on the place." The hapless driver made his way along the weed-choked path around the side of the building. Suddenly, rooted in his tracks by horror, he let forth a yell of surprised terror. Underneath one of the large trees was the body of a man, face turned to the sky. The eyes bulged wide and the muscles of the face were frozen into an expression of wild and livid fright. A few feet from the body stood a smart limousine, an automobile of ex- pensive make; on the doors were the neatly stenciled initials "K. A. W." Wheaton raced down the hill, stood in the centre of the roadway as he flapped his long arms up and down in a frantic signal to the motorist who was, at that moment, approaching from the north. "Dead man up at that house!" he shrieked. "Dead man--think he's mur- dered !" Brake bands protesting, Dr. John Lake, a young practicing physician of a nearby suburb, brought his car to a grinding halt. "Dead man you say? Up at the Thatcher place? That's strange; it's been deserted for two or three years." He eyed Wheaton with appraising eye; there were a number of road- houses along the highway which took no cognizance of the federal statute framed by a certain Mr. Volstead; the man was not intoxicated. "I'm a doctor," he added. "I'll go up and see if he is dead." Wheaton shivered. "Oh, he's dead all right; I ain't a doctor, but--I saw his face; I think he was--murdered." "You don't live hereabouts, do you?" queried Dr. Lake. "Well, I would ad- vise you to stick around until the cor- oner is called; it may save you another trip. Let's go up and look things over." "I--I've seen enough, thank you," said Wheaton, but, nevertheless, he plodded up the hill at Dr. Lake's heels. As the two men reached the open spot in the trees, Lake's eyes widened in surprise as he caught sight of the luxurious limousine. "Phew I" he whistled. "This is some- what out of the ordinary; I thought it was just a common tramp." B. M.--Sept.--4 49 