116 After Midnight "Yes." "What's the matter?" "Don't touch that hydrant." Stevens came closer. "I don't understand," he said. Wondering if he were making a fool of himself, or if what Allering had said were true, Lannen hesitated. The inspector looked at him in- quiringly. Lannen laughed nerv- ously. "Well?" said Dwyer. He removed his horn rimmed glasses, and polished them vigorous- ly. His keen eyes squinted. Lannen inwardly squirmed under the scru- tiny. "I may be mistaken," the lawyer said uneasily, "but I'm under the im- pression that the man died after drinking from that faucet." Stevens whistled. Lannen realized he had told too much to withhold any more, and con- tinued quietly. "Allering came to me after Mrs. Willoughby retired. He said the dead man took a drink, then fell writhing to the ground. He may have imagined it. I don't know--but it's well to take no chances." "Mrs. Willoughby did not mention this." "No." "Where did Allering go? Why hasn't Riley found him?" "I don't know." "Well," mused the inspector--"it's damned queer. We'll get a glass, and test this water." "Here's a tin cup," said the younger officer, reaching for one which hung on a nail just below the hydrant. Lannen suddenly remembered the gardener's words, when he mentioned the caution Willoughby had exer- cised in wiping the moisture from the faucet. He stepped forward quietly and drawing his handkerchief from his pocket, he wrapped it about his hand before turning the spicket, then he drew some water and handed it to the medical examiner. It was clear as crystal. "Willoughby has a laboratory where he makes tests in chemistry," the lawyer said. "Stay here," Dwyer said to the operator he had left with the body before. Then he turned to the others with a curt nod of his head toward the house. "We'll use the laboratory, though I've a hunch there's nothing to this water business; but you never can tell, and we've got to locate this fellow Allering." VII As they entered the house, Wil- loughby rose abruptly. Lannen sensed a tension in the air, as though the physician and his wife had been quarreling. The woman's face was bloodless. The great purple shadows under her eyes, and her white lips, gave her an almost ethereal beauty. She smiled a wan greeting as though welcoming the interruption of an Un- pleasant scene. "Dr. Willoughby," said the in- spector abruptly, "Dr. Graves, here, would like to use your laboratory for a little test if you don't mind." "Test?" smiled Willoughby suave*- ly. "Yes; of the hydrant water. Mr. Lannen is under the impression that the dead hobo took a drink from your hydrant and keeled over. Water looks alright, but we'd like to make sure." The smile never left Willoughby's face, though Lannen fancied it grew tighter. "I'll be very glad to assist you in any way," the physician said, "though I'm positive the water had nothing 