Daughter of the Pigeon 63 Even the rank odors of the flowers sug- gested death. The ascent of the ledges was not with- out difficulty; footholds were treacher- ous and more than once the roots of vines yielded to my weight, leaving me swinging at dizzy heights; but after ten minutes of breathless climbing, I dragged my full six feet over the edge of the High Altar and stood upright beside the Altar of Po. Evidently Cleaves had not arrived. The decaying altar was bare. . The High Place of Taoha crowned a gorge--a wound that gaped in the stomach of the earth like the heel-mark of a giant conqueror. At the bottom of a sheer drop of ten feet a narrow ledge clung to the stone walls, winding down into the orchid and fei'n-grown canon where the monster boulders threw their shadows across the rushing stream. On the side of the gorge opposite where I stood, a cave leered blackly from the rocks, and not far away was the la- goon, flanked with palm-fronds, a con- necting link between river and sea. A mild roar insinuated itself upon the air --the combined booming of the gorge stream and the not distant surf. The savage, lawless splendor exerted over me an awesome spell and my imagi- nation, ever eager to slip its leash, painted sinister figures in the gorge, ghostly shapes that materialized in the maw of the black cave. Of a sudden the blood began to throb through my head--for no conjuring of the fancy had created those forms; they were real, moving as phantoms upon the background of creepers that sprawled over the walls. I dropped flat on my stomach, the touch of my skin upon the moist, cold stone sending a quick thrill trickling along my sensory nerves. The figures, five in number, all lithe of body with the exception of one, crawled stealthily out of the gorge, and when they attained the top of the oppo- site side were swallowed by the bread- fruit and cocoanut-palms. I continued to stare at the trees where they vanished. Men--islanders from the color of their naked skins--coming from the cave. It was rather intriguing, even insidious, and I immediately determined to penetrate the cave whose jaws had spewn them. As I swung down from the High Place, dropping on the narrow ledge, I regretted my hasty action. The wiser plan would have been to wait for Cleaves, but I had started, without him, and being young, which is to say stub- born, too, I decided to finish it alone. More than once during that perilous descent into the gorge did I wish I had abandoned my purpose on the narrow trail below the High Place. At length, a bit bruised and smarting from contact with the rocks, I found myself before the cave. Its mouth breathed damp, foul odors--the smell of fish and stale salt. A gradual incline went down into its throat, vanishing in somber darkness. I felt a queer dread of the place as I entered and before I had advanced many yards this aversion increased to terror. In the dank, foul air was an element that inspired in me a sensation similar to the one I had experienced as I crossed the Vale Where Dead Men Walk --the ponderous weight upon the chest. I wondered if by chance I was ex- ploring a hiding place of the old Taha- tian pirates, and if, in this gullet of darkness, I would stumble upon chests of loot--green with the rust and mould of ages. These thoughts, fanciful though they were, lured me on, drew me as in response to a magnet, deeper into the bowels of the earth. I could hear a distant booming--like the surf upon the rocks. Other than that, and a drip-drip-drip of water somewhere in the unseen cavity, it 