Black Shadows 27 would have to act quickly to prevent the will from being changed." " Then you killed Jones," charged Jamieson, his ruddy face deepening in color. Johnny laughed. "You're wrong, again, lieutenant. He did not kill Jones." The officer scowled. "How do you figure that out?" The reported waved a hand toward Hawker's shrunken body. "Jones was killed before the Dayak. I know be- cause I was in that room, and found her body. He was a fairly large man-- weighed at least one hundred and seventy pounds. Do you imagine for an instant that Hawker could have lifted that body and jammed it up into the chimney the way wre found it ? It took a tremendously strong man to do that, and one who had a rather primitive way of hiding his crimes. It's my guess that Tama Aping killed Mr. Jones, and that Hawker, in turn, finished the Dayak. Am I right, Hawker?" The chauffeur gave him a malignant glance, but evidently concluded that he could best help himself by making a clean breast of everything. "I did kill the Dayak, but it was in self-defense," he said hoarsely. "He had murdered Jones, and hid himself-- I don't know where. He probably mis- took Jones for Guerney, whom he hated, and then, frightened, crammed the body up the chimney. I had fol- lowed Jones to the house. When he didn't come out I entered. The Dayak made for me with that murderous knife of his--so I shot him. That isn't mur- der, Lieutenant. You can't do any- thing to me for that." Jamieson laughed savagely. "Per- haps not, but you're a bad egg, Hawker --a bad egg--just as rotten in your heart as Guerney was. But you con- spired to kill his daughter, and you've confessed to blackmailing a number of prominent men, so if you wiggle out of the penalty for killing that greasy Dayak you're going to do time on those other charges. Take him away, O'Toole. The wagon is waiting out- side." There was a clink of steel as the handcuffs circled the chauffeur's wrists. He gave Johnny a murderous glance from his bloodshot eyes, and walked out beside the detective. Lieutenant Jamieson rubbed his thick, damp palms. "Well, I flatter myself that we put that over rather cleverly, eh, Suggs? You know, for a bit, I was worried--what with Mullaney getting away last month, and all--" The reporter smothered a smile. Hidden by the folds of Mildred's dress, he was holding the girl's hand, and a wonderful feeling of content suffused him. He did not particularly desire any credit for snaring a criminal. He had succeeded in what he set out to do. That was sufficient. "Yes, pretty cleverly," repeated Jamieson meaningly. "Oh, yes," said Johnny, turning away, "the police of this town aren't to be hood winked, and tomorrow the Star will give all due credit to Police Lieutenant Jamieson. And now, Mil- dred--er--Miss Guerney--" Her hand tightened on his.. "Call me Mildred--as long as you like," she whispered. (The End) 