90 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome two faces, pale and drawn, reflected in the mirror. Her countenance, beautiful as a ma- donna's, was aglow from the flickering, mellow light of the grate fire. I stared at her, half mad with her loveliness. "You have never been so beautiful," I began. The scent from her hair and the nearness of her adorable self; the smoothness of her bare shoulders, made the blood leap intoxicatingly in my veins. I wanted to kneel to her. I yearned with all my soul to worship, to abase my body at her exquisite feet. "You are wonderfully beautiful--" "Wait--wait! Keep looking into the mirror!" she whispered. - "Is there--is there any change?" she asked fearfully. "No," I replied, and she gave a deep sigh of relief. Then slowly her image in the mirror began to grow misty and indistinct. . "It's a trick!" I cried, and my voice seemed high and strained. "It's a trick! You are playing a joke upon me!" "Then, it is true," I heard her say in a hard, cold voice. . "What--in God's name!" "Look, look and you shall see!" The blurred image in the looking- glass started to clear. But instead of the face of my wife there began to take shape an image so hideous, so ghoulish, that I can only compare it to the disintegration of--of a human corpse! IX At this point in the extraordinary narrative I stopped reading. For, hap- pening to glance up from the manu- script, I saw such' horror in my listen- er's eyes that I had not the courage to continue. "It is too harrowing," I said. "I must not go on." "Read, read, my friend," replied Miss Broome, shielding her eyes with her hands. I wondered at the remarkable nervous force displayed by one so young. "Then first allow me to get you a drink of water," I replied. She thanked me with a gracious incli- nation of her head as I returned with the glass. As she accepted it from my hand her cool fingers touched me. Some- thing leaped in my turgid veins at the contact, and I resumed the reading of the story. X There was something, however, which I was able to notice even during the panic of fear that possessed me. I saw that the mysterious transmission of flesh had not changed the eyes. I seized my wife by the shoulders and turned her sharply about. Her face was as I had always seen it, radiantly, hauntingly beautiful. The only change was in her eyes. Staring search- ingly into them I tried with all my mind to read what I saw there. And the look that was in them was Pain. We were both of us horribly fright- ened after our extraordinary experi- ence, and sat up discussing it all night long, while little Marguerite, all unsus- pecting, lay sleeping peacefully upstairs. The gruesome illusion hung over our spirits for days. Neither one of us dared to leave the other for a moment alone. The shadows were peopled with ghosts, and dark places became hideous with the hidden menace. I had all the mirrors in the house re- moved, and when we went out into the streets I hurried my wife past shop windows with averted eyes, afraid to see in some chance looking-glass the spec- tre that had become the terror of our lives. I awoke each morning afraid to look into her eyes; I went to sleep beside her 