His Thirteenth Wife By Herbert Raymond Carter I WITH Jonas Bruckner, mar- riage had become a habit-- and a highly profitable one. Under various aliases, he had led a dozen different wives to the altar --and later followed them to the grave. In each instance he had survived to find himself a wiser and richer man. Naturally, the statutes concerning bigamy had never troubled him. In every venture he had been legally free of his previous bride before contracting the responsibilities resulting from an- other wedding. And by uncanny good fortune, the laws against murder had left him unscathed and unsuspected. Since the days of his youth, Bruck- ner had worshipped Bluebeard as his hero. In his teens - he had devoured newspaper accounts of the doings of such modern maniacs. Invariably their unskilful slaying of successive spouses, in order to collect insurance, had ended in their intimate association with the scaffold, the electric chair or the guillo- tine. Bruckner would smile in his sleeve over their clumsiness, and in choosing his vocation, resolved that he at least, would never be so crude. Insurance companies, he had learned, were customarily curious, and the pro- fession which Bruckner proposed to enter made inquisitiveness on the part of others extremely undesirable. In the first place, he determined never to give his name to any maiden or widow who carried a policy on her life. Should his prospects be insured they must allow that protection to lapse upon the assurance that the bridegroom possessed plenty for two. Thus he eliminated one source of suspicion as to his motives. If, however, those who ensnared his accordeon-like heart hap- pened to be wealthy, Bruckner certainly could not be blamed. Besides, he al- ways made it a rule to state to the license clerk that he was a bachelor, casually adding that he was well-to-do and retired. This knowledge was also the bait he persistently dangled in order to catch his intended victims. The plan had been remarkably successful, to which Bruckner's worldly possessions bore mute testimony. Frequently money talks--but Bruckner's was as silent as the graves from which it had been ob- tained. Under each new alias, he main- tained a modest bank account for cur- rent expenses. None of them had been large enough to cause him any regret if he suddenly found it inconvenient to cash another check or present himself in person to claim his balance. The bulk of his fortune he kept in cash in several widely separated safe deposit vaults. To the banks where these sums were stored, he was known under various names, and was understood to be an eccentric man who traveled extensively. The names he assumed for this pur- pose were never employed for any other form of his activities. His long ab- sences and semi-occasional appearances caused no comment, and had never re- sulted in any undue curiosity. In fact, the officials of these "reserve" institu- tions, as he termed them, were not 89 