92 The Guerilla he took an envelope from a pocket of his shabby jacket, unfolded it and with painstaking care spilled out a quantity of something that resembled talcum powder. He dropped it on the crease in his hand made by thumb and forefinger and sniffed it up his nose in the manner of one taking snuff. Replacing the envelope in his pocket the man flexed his arms and sighed con- tentedly. He reached in a hip pocket and lifted out a small blackjack with a thong about the neck of it for the wrist. He examined it with obvious satisfac- tion, wet his finger and rubbed away some dark stains and small pieces of hair from its blunt, leather-covered nose. He dropped it back into his hip pocket and stared at the floor again. Several minutes later he closed the door of the cubicle and went down into the lobby, making his way to Wolger's desk. "Where can I get a snifter of kick?" he inquired shortly. As he spoke he made a peculiar sign with the thumb and little finger that was significant to the proprietor of the hotel, versed in the mute language of crook- dom. "Downstairs," Wolger directed, frankly searching the man's face with a puzzled expression. "First door to the left at the end of the hall." The one he addressed nodded and slouched away. He traversed a short hall, opened a door and descended into a basement where illicit drinks were be- ing served to furtive faced clients by a lantern jawed waiter who wore a filthy apron. The man seated himself at an empty table and rummaged through his pockets until he found a few pieces of silver. He laid them down on the table and waited until he attracted the attention of the waiter. "Rye, Bill. Back me up a wash of it and never mind the water." A half pint of fiery moonshine was set before him. The man consumed a third of it, pulled his greasy cap well over his eyes, folded his arms and slouched back in his chair. For ten minutes or more he sat stir- less. After a while he became aware of the sound of chair legs being drawn along the cement floor; garments brushed him and presently the words of a whispered conversation drifted back to his ears. "There's nothing to it," the voice of a man said. "Tip Regan looked it over and said it's as safe'as a church. The old woman locks the store up and crawls into the feathers at ten bells." A second voice containing a note of warning sounded. "Soft pedal--there's a gin hound back of you." Andrew Hardy, as he called him- self, felt he was being intently scrutinized. "Stewed to the scalp," the first speak- er said after a pause. "As I was saying, Tip's got a freight as job in the Pennsy yards and is pulling silk. He passed the word to me. It looks good." "What's the dope?" the other asked in guarded accents. "Where's the store at? What time do we take a shot at it?" There came the clink of glasses and a cough. "It's called the Empire Fish Market," the first speaker resumed. "It's up on Eleventh Avenue, corner of Forty-ninth Street. The old moll that runs it is a widow woman. She knows a pollie and a couple of big restaurants have been taking all of her fish. Tip says she's got about two grands salted away in a drawer under the counter in the store. The old girl is foxy and has an electric bell on the drawer. She thinks that will keep it safe." 