24 Black Shadows er's nerves would be in when he came to do this cold-blooded crime, and, with proper coaching, the man would tell enough to place the noose around his neck. Suggs had an inborn hatred of falsehood, but the remorseless require- ments of the profession he was tempo- rarily following forced the deception he was practicing. To lie in the line of duty is sometimes a disagreeable neces- sity--and this was for Mildred. "Will you do this?" asked Hawker. "And I'll get the fifteen thousand?" "Of course." "All right," said Johnny slowly, "but I can't understand why you didn't do something yourself when you knew she was in town." Hawker scowled. "I sent Black Allen out to trap her, but someone butted in on the affair, and gave Allen a handy beating. The girl got away, and is hiding somewhere. It will be necessary to find her first." "I know where she is." "You do?" "Of course. What kind of a. re- porter do you think I am? I've kept track of everyone in this case, first and last. Here's my plan. Do you know where 2738 Phillips Street is?" Hawker nodded. "The house belonged to Guerney's wife, and now, of course, belongs to the daughter. I'll get her there by a fake note, and then--well, it isn't pleas- ant to talk of those things." "What time do you want me there?" asked Hawker. There was a sound of light footsteps in the hall. "Paper," cried a piping, juvenile voice. "Evenin' Star.'' "At twelve; on the dot," said Suggs hurriedly, opening the door. The news- boy thrust in a folded copy of the sheet, which Johnny passed over to Hawker. "At twelve, don't forget." And he dis- appeared down the stairway. While he was striding along the street, chuckling to himself, the chauf- feur was staring dumbly at the great, black headlines that blazoned forth his financial wreckage: CATHEDRAL NATIONAL BANK CLOSES ITS DOORS-LOOTED BY OFFICERS IS REPORT-NOT A DOLLAR WILL BE REALIZED BY CREDITORS CHAPTER VII Suggs called up the Star office, found that his father had gone home, and immediately followed him there. Dinner had been served long ago, arid his mother and sisters had gone to the theatre. The master of the house was in his room, dressing. Johnny went up at once. "Well," asked the owner of the Star, shaking out his dinner jacket and lying it across a chair. "How did your wonderful scheme work out?" "Immense. We have him trapped, I think. Regard your son, old war horse. He's a criminal. I engaged in a con- spiracy with Hawker--at his own sug- gestion, mind you--that we put Mildred Guerney out of the way. He is to meet me at 2738 Phillips Street at twelve o'clock tonight. I am supposed to have lured the girl there. Gad! what a cold, calculating devil he is." "What about that single copy of the Star that I had printed, telling of the failure of the Cathedral National Bank?" "It was delivered just as I left," laughed Johnny, "and if I know any- thing of human nature it will be the final, jarring punch that will make Hawker reckless of consequences. He'll talk--and an uncontrolled tongue has been the downfall of more criminals than all the detectives in the world." The older man finished brushing his hair, and picked up his waistcoat. "It 