128 The Best New Mystery Books ranches in the old days. The short stories are also very interesting. * * * VI The Duke of Chimney Butte, by G. W. Ogden.--Our hero goes west to the Bad Lands and the Little Missouri. At first the ranchers believe him to be a tenderfoot and he is given the nick- name of the "Duke." But he proves that he has good stuff in him and makes his fortune, besides winning the girl he loved, who is at first his sworn enemy. But then who wouldn't take a dare and race a horse alongside of a train and snatch a handkerchief from the hands of a good-looking woman? * * * VII The Mel wood Mystery, by James Hay.--A beautiful woman, a German spy, is both stabbed and shot. This fur- nishes the mystery that keeps this story at a gallop, until the crime--if you could call it a crime in this case---is solved. Unlike most stories of this nature, there is more than one detective at work on the case. And the man who finally dis- covers the truth seems at first the big- gest hayseed of the lot. This is a thrill- ing story well told. * * * VIII Sailor Girl, by Frederick F. Moore. --A story of the Philippines, the sea, and some stolen pearls. As the title suggests, this tale has a heroine instead of a hero. There is something doing all the time, plenty of fights, escapes and exciting adventures. You'd better read this story before the movies get hold of it. * * * IX The Golden Scorpion, by Sax Roh- mer.--There are illustrations in this book, but they aren't necessary. For the story is so full of splendid descrip- tions that your imagination is always stimulated. The plot concerns an Ori- ental mystery that revolves about a small ornament--the tail of a scorpion in gold, emblem of a group of arch criminals. Sax Rohmer knows how to write a sensational yarn that keeps the reader thrilled and breathless until the last page. * * * X An Unconscious Crusader, by Sid- ney Williams.--This is an unconven- tional story of a newspaper reporter, and is heartily recommended if you like the sort of yarn that tells how the struggling, ambitious young man be- comes famous, wealthy and married despite many handicaps. Politics- honest and involved--also play a part in this typically American story. 