94 The Dark Brown Dress Although I am the house doctor, Mr. and Mrs. Brentore were in the habit of consulting a doctor by the name of Kra- mer. I know nothing about him other than his name and his distinctly odd per- sonal appearance." Meroe turned to the gathering at the end of the room. "Is there testimony to be volunteered illustrative of the case as it stands," he asked. "Does anyone know where Dr. Kramer may be found ?" "I have heard Mrs. Brentore call Dr. Kramer on the phone," said the tele- phone girl. "He lives at the Braymore." "When was Dr. Kramer last seen in this building?" "He passed through the office to the elevator yesterday afternoon," she an- swered. "I took him up to this floor, sir," said the elevator boy. Then an elderly wo- man stepped forward. "My rooms are across the hall," she said, "and I saw him enter the room. It was about four o'clock." "And how long did he remain here?" "I do not know. But later in the afternoon, shortly after five, I saw the janitor come out of Mrs. Brentore's room. I thought nothing of it at the time, but perhaps it will prove to have some bearing on the matter, now that the janitor is supposed to have disap- peared." "I am quite sure that it will have a bearing," said Meroe. "And now, Mr. Barhart, may I please see the telegram which caused you to seek an entrance to these rooms this morning?" Meroe read the message which Mr. Barhart handed him and then dismissed all except Barhart and Grover. As the gathering dispersed, Meroe led me into the bedroom to examine the bodies. They were stretched side by side upon the bed under a sheet. The clothing was on a chair. I thought I heard Meroe utter an exclamation as he held up the dress of the woman. Then he turned to the bodies. The skin of each of them was ashy pale and the lips were almost a pale slate color. "It is hard to believe that they died of heart failure," I whispered. "It ap- pears to me that the doctor and Mr. Barhart are very much interested in proving that a crime has not been com- mitted." Meroe did not answer. He was on his way to the phone to notify the cor- oner. When he returned he proceeded to examine the bodies very minutely from head to foot. Once he poked me and pointed to the lower arm of the woman near the elbow. "It looks like a needle-prick," I whis- pered. Meroe then went over the arms of the man very carefully, but found nothing. Suddenly he poked me again and pointed to the man's left leg. There was the same little mark which looked like a needle-prick. "Do you think they have been poi- soned?" I whispered. "The coroner will soon find out," he answered. And then we joined Mr. Grover and Mr. Barhart, who had remained in the sitting-room of the suite. Meroe sat down to examine the con- tents of the desk. I saw him put an en- velope in his pocket. "Mr. Barhart," said Meroe, "what can you tell me of this janitor, Lee Har- mon, who was seen to depart from this room yesterday afternoon, who would not permit Mr. Grover to notify you of his suspicions this morning and who has, since then, disappeared?" "I know absolutely nothing about him, Mr. Meroe, except that we have employed him for little more than a month." "Did he come to you with recommen- dations ?" 