The Man in the Black Mask 19 ment between McGinnis and Snell over the game of whist in which they were engaged. I awakened with a start. Travis was shaking me. As I opened my eyes, he studied my face for a second, then turned away. "It's a cinch that you ain't faking," he remarked. "Faking? What do you mean?" I asked. "Sleep," he replied laconically. "Mc- Ginnis disappeared while he was on guard and the old man's going to be raising merry hell before long. Thought maybe you had a hand in it--might have taken advantage of my decency to you and done for him during the night." "I'll swear that I haven't left my bunk since I went to bed," I exclaimed. I was about to continue my explana- tions when I was interrupted by a shout from the other end of the cavern. Travis hurried away on the run. Slip- ping into my trousers and shoes, I fol- lowed as speedily as I could. As I turned the corner and entered the main cavern, I met Jenkins. The big negro's face was ashen. He was trembling like a man with the ague. "They found him!" he exclaimed. "Lordy! Lordy! He's awful! The big boss am certainly g'wine to raise the debbil jf "Where did they find him ?" I asked. "In the main cavern, deader'n a her- ring--all chopped to pieces!" And still wailing, he hurried back to the pots and pans of his kitchen. As I approached the little group under the electric light, "The Man in the Black Mask" looked up at me. "Bad work, here, Larson, bad work!" he exclaimed. "I am safe in presuming that you had no hand in it, am I not?" "Do I look or act like a murderer?" I demanded, angrily. "If you think I'm up to such tricks, why don't you lock me up?" He was about to reply when Travis leaped into the gap. I'll vouch for Larson, governor," he answered. "He was sleeping like a baby when I woke him up this morning." The masked man turned upon Snell. "What's this I hear about bad blood be- tween you and McGinnis last night?" he snapped. " 'S' true, gov'nor, 's'true," an- swered the gunman. "We made it up, though, and parted good friends. God Almighty! I wouldn't croak a pal, even if I did have a chewin' match with him." "Thata right," interposed Pedro. "I watcha da scrap. They forgeta their troubles an quita friends. McGinnis, he sleepa wit' me. Getta up and go ona guard when Travis wakea him. Travis, he cornea t' bed. All th' while Snell, he sleepa sound." I stooped over and examined the dead man. It was as Jenkins had said. He had been literally hacked to pieces. Even his hands and face had been cut and slashed in a hundred places. His murder was not the work of an ordi- nary man, but a fiend--a maniac. The masked leader scratched his cheek perplexedly. "It's a hell of a mess, Larson--a hell of a mess! Oh, if I only dared take you into my confi- dence ! If I only dared!" As he made the gesture, my glance involuntarily strayed to his hand. On the palm was the peculiar scar I had noticed the night before. There was no longer any doubt in my mind. The masked chieftain of the blackmailing crew was John Grimes. Joan and the attorney were exoner- ated. CHAPTER XI In order to give the reader a more corpplete understanding of the strange 