82 The Woman Who Cursed a Man crook, though, he managed to hold her love and got her to make her will in his favor. "Finding himself going to the wall, he asked her to help him, and she drew her money from the bank for that pur- pose. "Meanwhile, he had been secretly married to the Fox woman, and the af- fair in some way reached Blavsky's ears. Of an extremely jealous and emotional temperament, she disguised herself with a heavy veil and went to his apartments to denounce him. "When she told him that she was through because he had thrown her overboard for a younger woman, Raine at first begged. Then, hard pressed for money and realizing that she was his last resort, he lost control of himself and tried force. He says that he had no intention of killing her; when he came to his right senses he had choked her into insensibility and really thought that she was dead. "The emergency caused him to think rapidly. His apartments are on the sec- ond floor and there is a garage in con- nection. Running down the back stairs, he got out his car, brought it to the back door and, covering Blavsky's body with a blanket, carried it down and drove like the devil for her home. "The absence of lights aided him, as did the darkness of Blavsky's grounds. Arriving, he carried the body into the house, letting himself in by means of her key. Realizing that he could be no worse off whatever happened, he com- menced ransacking the place for money. "About this time she recovered con- sciousness. He imagined that she was about to yell for help--probably she was --and he seized her again. He choked her. She grabbed a paper cutter from the table and tried to fight back. But in her weakened state she was no match for him and he killed her with her own weapon. It was when she was dying that she shrieked out that curse that the maid heard. He hastily threw open the window, jerked the rings from her fingers and escaped through the door to his machine and got back to his own place unobserved. That is why there were no marks on the ground beneath the window. "When he found himself up against it he admitted his guilt to the Fox woman. She lied in order to provide him with an alibi. "I had a hunch that I might get him to make some misstep if I took him out there tonight. There was a storm brew- ing and it was an ideal night for ghost stories. That's why I 'phoned for Gas- sidy to hustle out there and remove all the bulbs from the sockets before we ar- rived. I'll admit, though, that I pretty nearly talked myself out of ghost stories waiting for that extra flashlight battery to burn itself out. I underestimated it by half an hour. Most men have a streak of superstition in them, even if I haven't. But, then, I never committed a murder. "I guess that I was pretty nearly as badly frightened as he was, though, when I saw the Madame coming at him as the lightning flashed. You see she had that picture of herself as Lady Macbeth on a secret panel that had been built in the old house. Why she had it turned to the wall at the time she was kflled I don't know. But, at any rate, Raine in stumbling pressed his hand ac- cidentally against the button. The panel turned just as the lightning flashed and it looked as if she was rushing straight at him, her hands reaching out for him. "Sure, she had the money hidden in the secret closet behind the panel. I brought it back with me. "No, I'm not superstitious, chief. But remember that curse she put on him? Well, the way things happened just as they did--maybe Sir Oliver Lodge may be right after all." 