128 The Best New Mystery Books peration. Bewilderment succeeds bewil- derment in their minds as they pass from one puzzling circumstance to an- other, but doggedly they hold to their purpose. Not until the very close of the story do the incidents link up and the mystery unfold itself to the two adventurous spirits. IV The La Chance Mine Mystery, by S. Carleton. Nick Stretton kills time while managing his gold mine up in the Canadian woods by conjuring up a men- tal picture of his ideal dream girl. Un- der pressure of unusual weariness and ennui, one cold and dreary night, he de- cides to "chuck the job," return to civi- lization where his dream girl must be waiting somewhere, and live a normal man's life. When lo! beside the fire of the mine-house living-room, when he en- ters, sits his dream girl. The "how" of her coming is easily explained, but the "why" leads into a maze of mystery. V The Mystery of the Ritsmore, by William Johnston. A bride on her honeymoon opens the door of her bed- room closet in the Ritsmore Hotel, and the body of a beautiful stranger with a dagger thrust through her heart falls out at her feet. The sympathy of Anne Blair, a young woman guest at the same hotel, is aroused by the sad predicament of the bridal couple, since the husband is at once accused of the murder. From sheer love of mystery Anne starts an in- vestigation of her own, helped by John Rush, the private secretary of another guest, multi-millionaire Harrison Har- dy. Her quest leads through a laby- rinth of clues, among complications of an international character, into most amazing developments. From a simple murder mystery, seemingly solved with- out difficulty by the police, it becomes an affair of such magnitude that its final clearance discloses a plot with almost endless ramifications. VI The Quirt, by B. M. Bower. This story of the cow country concerns the efforts of the Sawtooth Cattle Company, who number their cattle by the tens of thousands, to eliminate the smaller out- fits around. Al Woodruff, the evil eye of the Sawtooth, is efficient in his par- ticular line of work, which is the reason why Brit Hunter of the Quirt ranch calls life in the Sawtooth country "extra hazardous." Hunter's daughter Loraine, a city-bred girl, whose ideas of the Wild West have been obtained in the movies, arrives for a visit just in time to wit- ness an incident of real tragedy, and in her ignorance of conditions she talks enough to arouse the ire of Al Woodruff and thus brings upon her father the ne- cessity of making a fight for his ranch and his life. Action and adventure there are a-plenty. VII The Chinese Label, by J. Frank Davis. When the United States Trea- sury learns from secret sources that two famous diamonds, stolen from the Sultan's sash, will probably be smug- gled into this country, it sets its ma- chinery quickly to work. Napier, of the Secret Service, is the agent chosen, and San Antonio is selected as the likeliest place in which to unearth the plot. Napier's task is a hard one, but with skill he picks up cltie after clue from in- significant happenings, implicating Chi- nese and Mexicans, an American army officer, and an international spy. All are linked with the two diamonds, which are supposed to be concealed in a can of opium bearing a Chinese label. 