40 The Abandoned House As we were silent, she choked and then with an air of bravado, continued: "I am sorry I cannot offer you any better hospitality, but--" a wave of a very thin white hand expressed more than words could have done. "Offer us any better hospitality--?" Alan repeated dumbly after her. "Yes. This is my home, but it isn't the same as it was when I lived here." "I--I don't quite understand," I stammered. HI A thin white line settled about Alan's rigid mouth. I knew he was wondering what connection the beauti- ful pallid woman had with the dead man lying upstairs. If she had herself killed him--or if she even knew of his exist- ence. She seemed to sense what I did; for the half-born smile on her lips faded, the dark eyes became darker, if possible, as they widened. Her hands fluttered upward, then dropped help- lessly to the side of her orchid-colored gown. "Yes," she said dully, as if in reply to a question--"I killed him. I was in the tloset upstairs when you went into the other room. While you were in there I stole out through the door I had locked on the inside, and down the stairs. I took your cloak, and ran out to the stable. I was going to drive away, when you called me back. Perhaps it is just as well you did. It doesn't matter much one way or another." "You killed Judge MacPherson?" I gasped. "Why ?" "You knew him?" "Very well." An enigmatical smile played about her lips, full and softly rounded like a child's. That smile held a world of wisdom and tragedy in a moment's flicker. It made her face strangely old and careworn in the light of the oil lamp. I suddenly seemed to be looking at the remnants of a once beautiful wo- man, at a battered and bruised soul-- not at the woman herself. "I wonder just how well you knew him," she said as though to herself. "Not as well as I did, at any rate." "He was your lover?" Alan asked. We lowered our voices as if taking our key from her. Curiously, I felt more of an interest in the woman her- self thfin the fact that she had killed Judge MacPherson. She shook her head in reply to Alan's question and her lips curled scornfully. After a little, she said: "Would you like to have me tell you all about it? Somehow, I feel as if I should be relieved if I did so; I'm really very unnerved and shaken. After all, it's a terrible thing to take a human life --to watch a soul leave a man's body, even though you know that man to be a reptile and deserving of more than one death. I shan't speak when I am arrested. They can do as they like with me. But I'll not have the newspapers and their ravenous readers gloating over my miserable downfall. You do not know who I am, nor do I know you-- we shall never meet again--and some- thing tells me that when morning comes you will allow me to go my way, and you will go another, so--I should like you to know the truth." She was strangely calm. Only the pallid whiteness of her face, and a glit- ter to her dark eyes, showed any of the tumult seething within her. Alan and I both hung upon her words. Somehow it seemed unnecessary for us to talk. She shivered. Without a word Alan pulled the box on which he had flung his coat nearer the fire, and half assisted her to sit upon it. "Shall I go upstairs and fetch you a chair?" he said. "No! No! Oh, no!" For one instant she lost control of herself. The next 