62 The Campaign for Vengeance "We know nothing definite about-- about--Jimmy was found--a rounds- man stumbled, by accident, over his body, in an empty lot. That was it three o'clock in the morning. Jimmy was in uniform at the time, but not on duty. On--on his chest was found a small, plain white card--an ordinary visiting card--bearing the words The Mogul in a flashy handwriting. Jimmy was dead." "How--many wounds--?" "Three. The one in his forehead did for him instantly." "Did he have a chance to--fight--?" "Evidently. Two of the cartridges in his gun had been exploded." "Five shots--and no help--" "He wasn't shot in the lot--that's the explanation. He was brought there in a car." "Who or what is The Mogul?" "We don't know. We surmise-- that is--there seems to be plenty of evi- dence to support the theory that quite a bit of the crime in this city is organization-crime. We are often able to link crimes together--different types of crime--counterfeiting, robberies, as- saults; something in the manner in which they are executed, something in the precautions used by the criminals to avoid detection, seems to indicate that there is a central idea, a single brain, if you will, that is giving directions. We have, however, no inkling as to this person's identity, nor are we able to point out the individuals who are the links in this chain of hirelings. Every member of the department was ques- tioned, of course, but only one had pre- viously heard the name The Moqul." "Yes?" "Two men seemed to be having an argument in the Bird's-Eye, a dance hall on lower Third Street. A detective came as close as he dared, but one of the men ended the argument with 'The Mogul has slapped his O.K. on the scheme, so I'm going ahead, whether you like it or not.' " "I see. The Department infers that Jimmy, by accident or design, stumbled upon The Mogul and was shot--" "For knowing too much." "Damn them!" The girl was stand- ing near a small round table. Her cheeks became whiter, she suppressed a sob and shrank back; she had become Suddenly aware that with her oath she had unconsciously layed her hand upon the family Bible. With this realization, a strange, mys- tic light glowed in her eyes. She stared straight ahead of her, and it seemed be- yond, beyond everything material and into some other world. Quite gently she put her hand upon the Bible again. And now her voice was as from out of the distance, low and echo-like but distinct. "Jimmy! Jimmy! Do you hear me? I'm keening for you, Jimmy, and my mourning shall be long and bit- ter! And the heart of me shall be torn and smarting with hate, and* I shall be fierce and cruel and pitiless till my vow is fulfilled. "Jimmy! Jimmy! I'll get them for you! Each one of them, Jimmy! And may the soul and flesh of me writhe in agony, may the mind of me be in tor- ture and torment, till my mission is done!" Quietly Marguerite came over to Ser- geant Alan Nevins. "You said this-- Bird's-Eye dance hall is on lower Third Street ?" "A respectable girl doesn't go there-- if that's what you're intending," replied Nevins. He rose suddenly, alarmed by the strangeness of her manner. "Look here, Marge, don't attempt anything foolish! You can't mix with that gang! You'd die of nausea--" "If Jim isn't avenged, I'll die of shame!" "But you're no match for them. You 