116 The Catspaw Leaping to his feet, his rough-hewn face quivering with diabolical rage, he shook his huge fist at Morgan Peck! "Damn you! In prison or out, I'll get you!" he shouted. "I'll make you suffer as you're making me! An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth!" Raving like a madman, they dragged him away. Remember, Bixby was still a wealthy man and money will buy almost any- thing--even liberty. There were those among us who predicted that Bixby would not remain long behind prison walls. We were correct in our surmises. In just eleven months and three days he was at liberty. With him disap- peared half a dozen guards. How much he paid them for his liberty no one will probably ever know for none of them were ever captured. Some of us hold to the theory that after helping Bixby make his escape, they were killed at his orders. But that is another story. Three weeks after Bixby made his break from prison an effort was made to blow up Peck's office with a bomb. Fortunately the financier was absent when the package was received. The secretary who opened it lost his life. A week later someone fired a shot at Peck in the dark. Only the fact that the old man moved slightly at that instant prevented the assassin's bullet from finding its mark. As it was, only a slight flesh wound rewarded the attempt. Then Peck's colleagues took a hand. He was the center around which one of the biggest financial deals ever pulled off was being engineered--a deal that involved governments. His death would have meant a world panic. In spite of his sneers at their fears--for Peck was a battler who fought for the sheer love of the sport--they finally induced him to obey their commands. He was locked in his own house, sur- rounded by guards as I have stated. The best detective bureau in the city was engaged to look after his safety. Half a hundred operatives were put to work combing the country for his enemies. I--and I trust that the reader will pardon the seeming egotism displayed-- as the best man available among all of the detectives in the city, was placed in charge of the guards surrounding Mor- gan Peck. Two hours after we had taken our precautions a special delivery letter mailed from a downtown station was received. It read as follows: Peck: I swore that I'd get you and I meant it. By cooping yourself up like a sick chicken you have opened the way for my vengeance. Inside of forty-eight hours' I'll strike! God help you from now on. "Bixby." III Morgan Peck was said by his ene- mies to be a man without feeling, nerves or love. A widower, his only daughter dying in childhood, having few near rel- atives, he had schooled himself against emotion. Yet that afternoon after the body of poor Lannagan had been re- moved from the house and we sat to- gether in the big library discussing the affair, two things took place which threw a different light on the old man's char- acter. Gladys Peck, his niece--an orphan and his nearest relative--a girl whom he had raised from childhood, passed through the room. The old face lighted up and, as she passed out of hearing, he turned savagely to me. "I don't give a damn about myself," he growled. "I'm old enough to cash in--time's coming sooner or later any- way. But God help Bixby if he harms that girl! And God help you if you let him!" That was all. Yet in his face was an odd light that betrayed the gruffness of his voice. I wondered if his enemies knew of his love for this orphan girl. 