30 The Unbelievable lie held to await action by the Grand Jury. Two days later the Grand Jury indict- ed the unfortunate young man. He was taken to the Tombs to await trial. And after a week or so'New York forgot all about him, being concerned with matters of newer and greater importance. The baseball season opened--and a quite scandalous performance, the work of a degenerate French playwright, was be- ing run at one of the largest theatres. II Song Kee's participation in the Gren- ville murder case came about in a singu- lar manner. One night as he entered his club for dinner after an afternoon un- profitably spent in investigating the ad- ministration of the city's poor-laws, the doorman told him that a visitor was awaiting him in the Ladies' Room. "A visitor for me?" Song Kee in- quired, lifting his eyebrows. "Yes, sir. A lady; sir." Song Kee turned slowly and entered the Ladies' Room. There, standing be- fore the onyx fireplace of which every member of the Travelers, is justly proud, stood a woman. She was young, hand- somely gowned and beautiful. Her love- liness was not of the gorgeous, riotous sort which startles one into instant ad- miration, but gentle, modest like the beauty of a wild-flower, appealing not to the many but to the appreciative few. Song Kee bowed low before her. "You wish to see me, madam?" he asked with smiling courtesy. "Are you Mr. Song Kee?" The wo- man put her query in a voice of amazing fulness and depth. "At your service, madam." Again Song Kee bowed almost to the floor. The woman stood silent before him. She seemed on the verge of speech, but hesitated as though in search of adequate words. Then: "Mr. Kee, I am in frightful trouble. I--I have come to you to ask your help." "My help, madam? Why I--" "I know," she interrrupted, "you do not even know who I am. Still," she paused, "I am Sylvia Granger. I was engaged," she threw her head up proud- ly, "I still am engaged to marry Mr. George Grover." Song Kee's brow puckered into a puz- zled frown. The woman looked at him in amaze- ment. "Surely," she said incredulously, "you must have heard of Mr. Grover. He is accused of the murder of Miss Gren- ville" A look of comprehension dawned in Song Kee's face. "Ah, yes," he said, "the actress in the Hotel Ralston. I read of the case in the newspapers." A wave of emotion swept over the woman. "Oh, Mr. Kee!" she cried. "He didn't do it. He couldn't have! I don't care what they say--he couldn't have !" She brushed her hand across her fore- head, swaying backward. Song Kee sprang forward and helped her into a chair. "Now, Miss Ganger," he said gently after a moment during which she had regained her self-control, "please tell me as calmly as you can why you have come to me and what it is that you wish me to do." The woman looked him full in the eyes. "I want you to help me to prove George Grover innocent," she said. And then she hurried on as though to fore- stall any possible refusal from Song Kee. "Do you remember some weeks ago here in this club, you and Mr. Ogle- thorpe had a discussion about the detec- tion of crime? You stated your belief 