ADVERTISING Something New--Tis Perfumed RE-MO-VO The Daintily PERFUMED Hair Remover is really the latest way to destroy undesirable hair growths. It is a pure, delightfully scented powder which you easily mix with a little warm water and apply. The disagreeable odor so pronounced in some depilatories is entirely absent in Removo. In three minutes you wash it off and the hair has disappeared. It will positively not irritate and the skin remains white and smooth. Is used and highly recommended by women of refine-ment and beauty specialists everywhere. Buy Removo at toilet goods counters and drug stores. Large size $1.00, small size 50c. Results guaran-teed or money refunded. If not obtainable, remit direct to us and we will mail in plain wrapper. Give name and address of dealer. THE REMOVO CO. Dept. P Syracuse, N. Y. Makers of Carmichael's Gray Hair Restorer. Used by thousands. Price $1.00 per bottle. At toilet goods counters and drug stores. REDUCE YOUR FAT Quickly by Using COSI OBESITY CREAM Used externally; harmless for both men and women. No starv- ing, no dieting, no exercises, no massage, no drugs; spend fif-teen minutes daily in your own home and you will be surprised with the results obtained. (Six weeks' treatment) pound jar, 57.00, sent postpaid--sample 10c. Made and sold only by Dr. CURRIE 2803 Ave. G, Brooklyn, N. Y. Don't Wear a Truss BROOKS' APPLIANCE, the modern scientific invention, the wonderful new discovery that re-lieves rupture will be sent on trial. No obnoxious springs or pads. Has automatic Air Cush-ions. Binds and draws the broken parts together as you would a broken limb. No salves. No lies. Durable, cheap. Sent on trial to prove it. Protected by U. S. patents. Catalogue and measure blanks mailed free. Send name and address today. C. E. BROOKS, 209D State St., Marshall, Mich. WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG Select your own subject--Love, Patriotism--write what the heart dictates, then submit your poem to us. We Write, the music and guarantee publishers acceptance. Don't delay. Send your poem today. CHESTER MUSIC CO. 920 So. Michigan Avenue, Dept. 267 CHICAGO You Write the Words for a Song-- We write the music, publish and secure a copyright. Submit poems on any subject. Do not let another day go by without submitting a poem to us. Who knows--you may be the song writer of tomorrow. THE METROPOLITAN STUDIOS 914 So. Michigan Ave. Dept. 178 Chicago, Ill. Your Face is Your Fortune The world's greatest facial remedy will re-store ruined complexions to the beauty and purity of youth. IF YOUR blood is impure, if you have pimples, freckles, wrinkles, black-heads, redness of f ace or nose, a muddy, sallow skin, or any blem-ish on or under the skin, you need Dr. JAMES P. CAMPBELL'S SAFE ARSENIC COMPLEXION WAFERS These marvelous beautifiers of the complexion and the skin are wonderfully effective, and. are absolutely safe and harmless. The prescription was first used 35 years ago by Dr. Campbell, and he has made countless thousands of women and men happy in the possession of a pure, spotless complexion. Mailed in plain cover on receipt of 50c and $1.00 from RICHARD FINK CO. Dept. 90, 396 Broadway, New York City Every Druggist can get this remedy for youf rom his wholesale dealer. MAKE PEOPLE LIKE YOU Get along better, make more money, develop a winning personality, learn to know people as they are. Send 5 cents (stamps) for "PERSONAL POWER," a little book that points the way. Address PROGRESS LEAGUE, 6231 Union Sq., N.Y. In answering advertisements, please mention THE PARISIENNE TRIO 