The Brand of Cain 93 personified when there is some perplex- ing problem to be untangled. Eventu- ally, however, the officials, nonplussed, were forced to turn to him for advice. He answered with a shrug of his shoulders, absolutely refusing to be drawn into a discussion of the case. Following the time-worn methods, the sheriff called all of the servants to- gether and examined them, eliciting no more information than had already been gained. It was at this point that Dwyer, who had listened to the question- ing without comment, offered a sugges- tion : "There's a band of gypsies camped a few miles the other side of town," he remarked quietly. "Their chief is old Father Lipki, a friend of mine. The old fellow knows his business from the ground up--fortune telling, mind read- ing and all of that sort of stuff. In fact, he's assisted me on more than one occasion. I know that you'll laugh at me for the suggestion, but let me bring him here. I'll guarantee that he'll have the murderer by the heels inside of half an hour. How he does it T don't pretend to know. It's positively un- canny, the _way he pulls off his stunts. But if it's results you want, then Lipki is your mart." The sheriff sneered. Coroner Steven- son, in spite of his friendship for the detective, suppressed a smile with difficulty. "You don't want us to think that you believe in such rot, do you, Bram ?" he inquired. My friend shrugged his shoulders again. "You asked for my opinion," he answered. "I'm giving it to you. I'll take a chance on Father Lipki. In fact, as- I have stated, I have many a time. The man has powers beyond the understanding of men like us. But of course it's up to you and the sheriff." III Darkness had fallen when Dwyer and the coroner again drove up to the Fellows home accompanied by Father Lipki, the gypsy. A typical member of his race was Lipki, a wrinkled little figure far past the age allotted to man. But in spite of his years he carried himself like a youth of twenty and his black, beady eyes glittered like those of a boy as he prepared the stage for the affair, his huge brass earrings rattling like castanets as he hurried here and there. The spot selected by the corofier, upon the advice of Dwyer, for the test of Lipki's powers was the huge living- room on the lower floor. The servants were ordered to carry out all of the furniture with the exception of the chairs, which were arranged along the wall. Then every member of the house- hold with the exception of the widow was ordered to be present. The old man, mumbling to himself, drew a large circle on the floor in the center of the room with a piece of charcoal, after which he commanded us to seat ourselves just outside the circular mark, warning us under penalty of death not to enter the circle unless commanded to do so by him. His next act was to produce a brazier, which he lighted and placed in the center of the circle. By its side he placed a small vessel containing water. The lights were then turned out. For an instant we were in darkness. Then the brazier flamed up, filling the room with an unearthly bluish-greenish sort of glare. Chanting to himself, the old man threw a pinch of powder into the flames at intervals; the light would turn for a second into a vivid red, then die away again to the dull, sickly bluish- green. Suddenly he seated himself cross- 