110 The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong fellow that I know who's clever enough for such a job is Eddie New." The sniveling Tompkins let out a lusty squawk. "I tell you it can't be!" he wailed. "Nobody knew the combination except old Jones and myself!" I turned to the telephone on the desk and called up Headquarters. "Lenny," I instructed the sergeant who answered, "look up the records and tell me where Eddie New is right now." In less than a minute the answer came back over the wire: "Chief, Eddie's laid up with a broken leg--result of an au- tomobile smashup--in Greely's hangout. Got hurt the week after he got out of stir." I hung up the receiver with a bang. Obviously the murderer and thief was not Eddie New, the only crook in the city really competent of opening a strictly modern safe such as that before us without damaging the mechanism. Nor was Eddie New the sort of man to commit &amp; murder; he was of the more modern, "Jimmie Valentine" sort-- clever with his fingers, clever with his head, planning his work as carefully as a business man plans his deals, guarding every contingency before taking a step. There was a bare possibility that Jones had opened the safe himself while entertaining some visitor, and that later the visitor had taken his life and made away with the money and securities. But granting that such was the case, why had the murderer gone to the trouble of carefully wiping the finger prints off from the safe? For in such a case the only prints would be those of the dead man himself. Verily the affair was assuming some angles that gave food for thought. III Moore entered with Grady, the head janitor, and a pale, dull-appearing man whom he introduced as Billy Murphy, who, according to Grady, did the clean- ing on the fifth floor. Tompkins identi- fied him at once as the man he had seen cleaning the corridor at the time he made his escape from the office after discovering the murder. Murphy, readily admitting that he had noticed Tompkins leave the office hurriedly about midnight, came forward with a story which complicated matters worse than ever: He had been working some distance down the hallway between ten and eleven o'clock. At that time, chancing to pass Jones's office, he had seen a light shining through the ground-glass door. About half an hour later, again passing the door, he had heard the sound of voices--one low and indistinct, the other plainly recognizable as that of the money lender himself. He imagined that he had heard a cry. Yet he was not certain. At any rate, Jones's voice had stopped suddenly, but inasmuch as he, Murphy, was moving down the corridor at the time, he had given the matter no more thought. Later he remembered again passing the office and noticing that the light had been extinguished. That was all that he knew about the affair until he saw Tompkins rush out of the place about midnight. The man was plainly nervous and ill at ease, as is usually the case of the more ignorant when brought face to face with the law for the first time. Yet something about his manner caused me to do some hurried thinking. When he had completed his story I ordered him searched. Hidden in his inside coat pocket 'Moore found a package of bills amount- ing to nearly one thousand dollars! IV Whence came that money? Hun- dred-dollar-a-month janitors are not apt to be carrying huge amounts of cash 