108 The Man Who Knew Too Much fishes and wood creatures. Could en- joy his New Testament in both Greek and Latin. With his hands he was able to repair sewing machines, pumps, type- writers, or clocks, and could design and build a modest house unaided. Knew surveying, and served as the local un- dertaker. With two or three simple tools he could do things that would have baffled a master mechanic,--yet could not have passed an examination as plumber's assistant. A gentle, vision- ary man, the only resident of his county to whom Spinoza and Descartes and Einstein meant anything at all, he lived and died as poor as a church mouse. Slade's mother was a French-Cana- dian, unable to read or write. She had the illiterate peasant's extraordinary powers of minute observation, was a neat housewife, a mixture of cunning and credulity, and a devout Christian. John Slade himself cared nothing for money. When he needed any, he in- vented something. His education, be- gun by tramping the countrywide with his father and absorbing all sorts of ill- assorted facts, had been pursued in many lands. At one time he buried himself in Johns Hopkins, engrossed in biology and embryology. Next he was heard of at Oxford, steeped in medie- valism. Physics at Leipsic and Prague. Chemistry at Bonn. Back again to the States, he flitted from Massachusetts 'Tech to the Edison laboratories. Al- ways learning. Never producing--save when lack of funds drove him to some hack work: a course of lectures before the Lowell Institute, the invention of a crankless ice-cream freezer, an article for some technical publication. "I know too much," he repeated after answering all of Arbuthnot's questions. "That is the trouble. And now I cannot sleep!" The physician gave him some advice as to exercise and diet, to which he lis- tened abstractedly. Then he handed him a little vial of the lethal tablets which would, for a time at least, per- mit his distracted brain to forget. Usually he was able to dismiss his patients from his mind after he had done what he could for them, and filed their cards away. He did not find it so easy to forget Slade. For one thing, he came upon articles written by him from time to time, in the journals to which he subscribed. His fellow practitioners mentioned him occasionally. Slade was a sort of mys- tery, and it was admitted that he knew more about embryology and chemistry than they did themselves. Nobody could tell just how much the fellow did know! Whatever he said or wrote was uttered with authority and was hard to refute. He had a laboratory which none of them had ever seen, and where it was rumored that he carried on extraordi- nary experiments, the nature of which was unknown. Nevertheless, Arbuthnot had very nearly forgotten him when, six months after his call, he received a brief note requesting the alienist to visit him the following afternoon, upon a matter of life and death. II Promptly upon the departure of his last patient at a little after four next day, Arbuthnot stepped into the taxicab he had already summoned, and fifteen minutes later was admitted by John Slade himself to his quarters on the top floor of a wholesale storage house well downtown. There was nobody about except the janitor, who took him up in a rickety freight elevator and indicated the door bearing Slade's card. He had become much thinner, more haggard, the physician's swiftly apprais- ing glance told him, as he took his dry, skinny hand in greeting. The eyes seemed to have retreated deep into their 