62 Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil allow you about a week on each case, but hurry." III Porter left his eager young ex- assistant already changing to a street coat and drove to the office of a private detective agency noted for its faithful- ness to its clients and its utter lack of curiosity. Here he quietly arranged to have the two men shadowed day and night, with immediate reports to him of anything unusual. His trap was ready to be baited. Robertson, he felt sure, would bring the deaf and dumb man to him. He had decided to handle the blind man himself, because here, he felt sure, was the weakest' side of the triangle. The blind man, more helpless than either of the others, was burning with desire to avenge what he believed to have been a deliberate attempt to abandon him and cheat him out of the proceeds of the joint enterprise. It was best, he decided, in this case to strike quickly and directly. But he did not go again to the station by the graveyard railing. Instead he loitered in the vicinity of the lodging-house un- til, after the evening crowds had de- serted the streets, the tattered boy ap- peared with his charge in tow, leading homeward a bitter, cursing blind man. "Excuse me," said Dr. Porter, resist- ing a temptation to seize the man by the throat and choke a confession out of him, "but I am a physician. I am mak- ing a study of blindness. Perhaps I might be able to help you, if you would let me." "I ain't got no money to pay doc- tors," Goggles replied, bitterly. "It isn't a matter of money," Porter answered. "I tell you I am studying the various forms of blindness. I have opened a clinic at the dispensary around the corner. We make no charge to those who have no money to pay." "Could you give me back my eyes?" the blind man asked eagerly. "Perhaps. How did you lose your sight ?" "Explosion." "Powder factory?" "Something like that." "How long ago?" "Two years, come August." "That is most interesting. I think I can do something for you. Can you be at my clinic at 10 in the morning? Ask for me. My name is Dr. Moore." "You think there's a chance I could see again?" the blind man asked after a full minute's study. "I could pay well, if I could get my eyes back." "You mean you could work and earn the money then?" "I wouldn't have to earn it. It's coming to me. I mean I could catch the-that gyped me out of my share of the--well, out of my rights." "You'll come, then?" Porter asked, almost too eagerly he feared. "Yes, I'll be there." One of the quarry had smelled the bait. Two days later young Dr. Robertson was having a similar conversation with a man to whom he talked on his fingers and who answered in a low monotone. Here, too, was a man who finally ad- mitted a great desire to regain one of his lost senses. This man did not. seek vengeance, but expressed a fear that through his disability certain enemies were plotting against him. He was in- tensely anxious to hear what was going on around him and promised payment for a cure--not in money, but in the form of a handsome present of jewelry. In the course of the following week another derelict had confessed to Dr. Robertson that he might be able to raise money for a goodly reward in case his speech was restored. He had no money, he confessed, but could realize on some valuable property he owned, if he could 