Told in Glass 57 up in one comer. Blumfeld shuffled across to it. He pawed idly over it. While he did this he plumbed the room with his beady eyes. He made a men- tal photograph of the way the shop was arranged, of a single window that opened on to an alley running past it, and of a door that went into what was presumably the living quarters of the inventor. When he had observed all that inter- ested him, Blumfeld straightened up and turned his back on the heap of metal. "Find anything?" Old Man Johnson asked. Blumfeld shook his head. "No. I'll come around next week. Maybe you'll have a shaft picked up by then." The inventor smiled faintly. "I won't be here next week. I'm selling out. I'm going out of business. I'm leaving for Rochester on Monday. I'm an inventor and I only kept this little place here until I struck oil." Blumfeld allowed himself to look impressed. "Is that right? So you struck oil. I guess that means you sold an inven- tion. You must have knocked out large kale if you're going to Rochester." The interest of his caller appeared to please the old. man. He wiped his hands on a piece of cotton waste and put some tobacco in the bowl of his black pipe. "It took me twenty years to perfect my invention," he explained, with a touch of pride. "Many times I thought I had made it, only to discover some hidden flaw. People I told about it said it couldn't be done and thought I was crazy to even try it. Three months ago I knew I had triumphed. I put the invention to every possible test and it made good. I applied for a patent and sent my work to a big manufactur- ing concern in Rochester. They tested it for two months and then agreed to purchase the right to manufacture it. They sent me ten thousand dollars and a contract. I'm going to Rochester, as I said, to take charge of the making of them." Blumfeld, receiving verification of Big Harry's statement, felt satisfaction tingling keenly within him. He had almost believed that it was opium that put the words in the mouth of the big con man. "So you got ten thousand dollars," he murmured. "That's a lot of money. You want to hold on to it tight. I guess you know the Square is a pretty tough place. Don't let no one bunk the jack away from you, or stick you up for it." Old Man Johnson looked serious. "Never fear, I won't. I have it hid- den where no one can find it. It's safe." Blumfeld smiled. "That's the eye! Hang onto it. I'm sorry you ain't got what I'm after. Good luck to you when you get to Rochester. At the door Blumfeld stopped, seized by a sudden thought. "By the way," he said, ''what was it you invented?" The inventor picked up a file from the bench. "It's a secret," he replied slowly. "It's a secret until it's put on the mar- ket--" II At eleven o'clock Blumfeld emerged from the east side stuss house where he had run his purloined seventy-five cents up to six dollars. A pleasant sense of success swam in his blood. His good fortune was an omen that fickle Luck smiled upon him. On such a night as this he might conquer in any deed in which he figured or any en- deavor he applied his hand to. 