22 The Finger of Guilt and probe for false heels or soles on the shoes. . . . The clothing yielded two handkerchiefs, four cigars, a silver match case, a watch and fob, seventy cents in change and a bill case. In the latter were three single bills and a cef- tified check for ten thousand dollars. They ran a comb through Farris' hair; they looked in his mouth; they poked into his ears. ... Mr. Scofield himself was satisfied that if Farris had had so much as a grain of salt on his person, McKeane would have found it. Farris was left to dress in the private room; Scofield and the detectives Gor- man and McKeane came out into the main room of the station. "He may have swallowed--" began Scofield, gloomily. "Don't be absurd," cut in McKeane. "If a man swallowed a twenty-inch platinum chain, it would kill him." "What are you going to do?" asked Scofield. "Let him go," replied McKeane, promptly-. "Let him go! But man, don't you see that the circumstances being what they are, he must have stolen the laval- liere?" "If you wish to be personally respon- sible for his detention, and if you will prefer the charges yourself, of course we will hold him. But since you can't prove he has the lavalliere, I don't see how you can get a conviction--or even an indictment by the grand jury. You must admit that he has carefully pro- tected himself. No one was present in your office but yourself--and for a few moments one of your clerks. And you have said that the clerk was never near enough to Farris to have the lavalliere passed to him. On the way here, Farris was protected by a policeman and one of your awn detectives. And he was searched in your presence." But a man doesn't lose seventy-three hundred dollars without a struggle. Scofield held a forty-minute conversa- tion with his lawyer over the phone. The lawyer's advice was that it would be a loss of time and energy to press charges. "The certified check proves that Farris came to make a bona-fide purchase. And since you have not one iota of proof that he has the necklace, it would be futile ,to--" Scofield banged the receiveronto the hook and bustled out of the police sta- tion. McKeane informed Farris that he would not be held. As Farris reached the door to the station, McKeane asked, "As a personal favor, Judson old boy, would you mind telling me what you did with that lavalliere?" Farris lighted a cigar. "Are you hinting, Jim, that you or the captain might be wanting to buy it from me?" After Farris had gone, Captain Loury remarked, "The finger of suspicion cer- tainly points in his direction." "Not the finger of suspicion," said McKeane, "the finger of guilt. But what can we do about it?" . . . II Claude Lange gathered in the cards which had been tossed upon the table. He arranged the deck in two stacks; then he ripped each stack in half. He threw the bits into the air, rose and stumbled away from the table. An- other deck of cards was produced and the game went on. The club members were accustomed to Lange's idiosyn- crasies. An hour later, when Farris was leav- ing the club, Lange came up to him and asked if he could see Farris alone for a few moments. "Certainly," replied Farris, "but if it's about a loan--" "It's not--a loan." When they were in a room of Farris' apartment on One Hundred and Twen- 