The Mystery of the Marseilles Express 123 answered Robert. "It is not necessary to explain motives--my confession ob- viates that. Sheppard felt safe with me because I am blind. I could tell by his breathing when he was asleep. When I was sure of it I felt for his throat--oh, so cautiously--and then used my knife." "What were your relative positions?" asked Bailey, coming from behind the screen. "He was sitting next the window, I beside him." Bailey nodded gravely. After the blind man was taken away Bertal was brought back again. He was visibly nervous. "We want a detailed explanation from you," Bailey explained. "It will be brief. Long ago I had-- for reasons that need no explanation- determined on the death of John Shep- pard. He deseryed it if ever a man did, but it was out of the question for me to kill him openly. I knew that he intended leaving Paris when he did. I knew exactly how the train ran; the track it used, its schedule, how it al- ways came to a brief stop in the freight yards beyond Lyons. I learned what compartment Sheppard would occupy. Then I hid myself in a freight car be- side the track used by the express. Fortune was kind to me--kinder than I expected. The train halted. I looked, and there, directly opposite me, I saw Sheppard asleep. I leaned across, rest- ing my arm on the side of the express, and drove my knife into his throat. Then I walked back to Lyons, and two hours later caught another train to Marseilles." When Bertal had been escorted back to his cell, Captain Goulet looked quiz- zically at Bailey. "The further we go the more tangled we get," he observed. "Mon Dieu! What a fright I had when the body dis" appeared from the mortuary. I thought surely we had a ghost to deal with. But these are most palpably human folks, and each of their confessions are logi- cal when taken alone. Together--" He shrrugged his shoulders. "We'll straighten them out," Bailey reassured him. "I'm off now, and I won't be back until I've laid my hands on something definite." It was not until nine o'clock next morning that Bill returned, but he was as fresh and clear eyed as though he had been sleeping all night. Captain Goulet greeted him hopefully. "I've made some progress," the agent admitted in answer to the prefect's question. "In fact, most of the mys- tery has disappeared. If you will have the three prisoners brought in again I think we can get the other phases cleared up." Bill flashed Denise a look that brought the color to her cheeks, and a faint smile in answer to his. "The three of you," he said,. "have confessed to the murder of John Shep- pard. There are some angles to this case that I dont' know, but I know that none of you had a hand in Sheppard's death. In the first place, Mademoiselle Girard had absolutely nothing to do with it. She was on the train, but she left it at Dijon. I wired her descrip- tion to the police at every stop the ex- press made, and found that she regis- tered at Dijon under the name of Ma- dame Claire St. Pol. Isn't that true, Denise ?" "Y-yes," she admitted. "Now, as to Monsieur Robert. His story was plausible. I carefully ex- amined the spot where Sheppard had been sitting. There was a slash in the cushion, and spots of blood. But the nature of the cut, which was deep on the side toward Robert, and edged thin- ly toward the window, indicated that it had been made by someone outside the train. There were also drops of blood on the steps which conclusively proved 