46 The Trap Thief "Hum! Keep her prisoner ? Where ? She's safe enough here." "No, Cox knows of this cabin-- thanks to Ramsey. It's the first place he'll come. We must keep her in the workshop--" "No! No! I won't go!" cried the girl. "You'll do as I say, Mary--" "Not even for you, Dad!" "You go to the workshop!" "Then I'll get word to Jack! He'll have to know only a little, will guess the rest." Her voice rose high that Jack might hear; beyond the window, he heeded; "I'll say--'Lean Jaw: Under the ash tree on the rocks, lift the hollow stump'--" An oath, the girl's muffled cry-- Si- lence ! Ramsey could endure no more. Like a tiger, he moved swiftly and softly to the door. He flung it open, stood before them! "Jack--" In the girl's agony she sank, weeping, before him. The three men confronted each other silently. The boy was now a tiger bid- ing his time to kill. Gage's fists opened and closed, ready to strike. "The tail of the yellow dog," mur- mured he of the black beard, as his fin- gers sought a shining weapon in his coat. "Mary! You must come with me!" Jack commanded. "Must? I like that!" Gage's laughter was savage with menace. "You mean more to me than I can tell you, Mary!" the boy pleaded. "The thought of you a prisoner, at the mercy of these beasts--I can't bear it! Come! I'll take you to my mother--" "I prayed that you might escape them!" sobbed the girl. "I prayed that you'd not come here, that you'd be kept safe till my need was great--" "Your need is great now! I heard them-- They'd hold you prisoner-- What more, who can tell? How can you be safe with these crooks--" "I'm her father!" thundered Gage. "I've seen what you can do; you and your gang!" Jack sneered. "Robbing me, wrecking my camp, trying to mur- der me tonight with a muffled gun! Come, Mary!" The girl rose unsteadily. She studied Jack's face, then stared at her father-- Freedom and tenderness in the boy's waiting arms; or, with the other, re- straint, worse-- She moved toward Jack. Gage's out- stretched arm restrained her. "Ramsey's going another way," re- marked the bearded one. "He thought he was cunning enough to queer our job. So he's got to pay--" His weapon flashed from a pocket. He raised it deliberately and fired. The world seemed to go to pieces in a vast upheaval as Ramsey sank down, down to oblivion-- VI "Brace up! Take a nip of this! It's bootleg, but the real stuff." Ramsey felt the sting of the liquor in his throat, radiating warmth throughout his body. He tried to shake off the evil dream, but could not. After untold effort he opened his eyes. He was lying in the tonneau of a touring car. Cox bent over him, regarding him anx- iously. "Lucky he only ripped open your scalp," he said. "Half an inch lower and it would have been the end of you. Pull yourself together, sonny." "Mary--" gasped the boy. "Show me where she is and we'll get the whole outfit." "She's a prisoner, in the cabin--" "I guess not! We got there just too late. The bunch had flown the coop. Threw you out at the roadside. Thought they could shift the blame or hide their 