Exterior to the Evidence 5 I should never have cause to blame him. But--it's the title business that knocked my mother over! She's always been awfully keen on my being Sir Marston Stanbury, Baronet--that's about it!" "And you, Marston?" suggested Letty. "What do you think?" "Don't care a hang about the title!" declared Marston. "If the old boy wants to marry, let him. What I want is to marry you. And, if this comes off, as it certainly will, it'll make things all the easier for you and me. "How?" asked Letty. "What differ- ence will it make?" "This," said Marston eagerly. "So long as it was certain that there was nothing but Sir Cheville's life between me and the title, he'd a hold over me. And as we know very well, he and your father are, somehow, not on very good terms. Now, if he takes his own way about this marriage, he can't object to my taking mine about my marriage. And--I suggest that we tell your father and my mother all about our engage- ment now, straight off." Letty turned away and looked thoughtfully across the moor. It Was some time before she spoke, and when she glanced at Marston again there was a suspicion of foreboding in her eyes. "Marston," she asked quietly, "have you any idea why your uncle and my father are not on very good terms ?" "Not the slightest notion," declared Marston. "But you know how things are. Your father's a Radical, and Sir Cheville's an out-and-out Tory of the old school. And there was a difference over that last County Council election. That's all I can think of." "There's something more than that," said Letty. "They were always--well, pleasantly friendly, until lately. My father's been awfully bothered for some time--I've seen it, though he tries to keep it from me." "Business matters?" asked Marston. "It may be," replied Letty. "But I don't know. They say trade's bad. You see, you and I don't know anything about things of that sort--we're only children, after all." Marston made no answer. He was thinking of what lay beyond the north- ern edge of the moor--the manufactur- ing villages, the big mills, the crowds of folk who worked in them, and particu- larly of Lithersdale Old Mill, Lucas Etherton's place, which was one of the biggest manufactories in the district. He was thinking, too, of Lucas Ether- ton himself, a big, burly, reserved man, who always gave people the impression of power and of well-to-do-ness. "I should have thought your father was all right in the way of business!" he exclaimed suddenly. "Why, look at the number of people he employs, and his mill's always running!" "All the same, I know there's some- thing," declared Letty. "And--I don't want to bother him about anything just now, so let it wait. Wait until Sir Cheville's married, anyway." "After all," said Marston rumina- tively, "they must know, if they've got any eyes. All right!--leave it till the old chap's tied himself up to the French- woman. Then I'll tell my mother, and you can tell your father, and we'll get married this summer. How will that do?" "I suppose so," said Letty. She looked down at him in a half- amused, half-teasing fashion, and Mar- ston knocked the ashes out of his pipe and slipped his arm round her waist. "It's jolly hot here," he said. "Come on through the coppice--only bit of shade there is on this moor." The two lovers strolled away in the direction of the pines; an hour had passed before they came out again on the farther side and walked rather more rapidly in the direction of the valley. A winding track led downwards, and 