The Brand of Cain 95 jail, he sat with the coroner, the sheriff and myself in the former's parlor and went over the various phases of the case. "I'm a fairly good judge of charac- ter and when I noticed him begging on Main Street yesterday I immediately placed the old fellow as being far above the average of his class mentally and capable of playing almost any part he might be called upon to take. I realized far better than the rest of you that the murderer was too clever to be captured unless some subterfuge was used and when you appealed to me, Stevenson, my thoughts reverted at once to the old man. A falsehood or two in the interests of justice is, in my opinion, perfectly allowable. And that I was correct in my estimate is proved by what happened. "What appealed to me from the very start was the apparent lack of motive. Had we been able to supply a motive we might have been able to have laid our haods on the man who struck the blow. But in the absence of one, it became necessary to take some radical step. To imagine that one of the farmers hereabouts would become jealous enough to strike Fellows down was absurd. And, granting that some of them might have the nerve, they lacked the imagination to pull off so mysterious a crime. "I was confident in my own mind that Hitchens was the guilty party. Why? Because he wras the only man who had an opportunity to kill Fellows. But, on the other hand, his frank state- ments apparently eliminated him from the suspects. "Let us analyze the affair a trifle deeper: Doctor Andre\ys swears that Fellows was killed shortly after mid- night. We now know that he was cor- rect. But Hitchens bobs up with the story of being in conversation with the murdered man at two o'clock. He was able to prove his statements sby two reputable and disinterested witnesses-- Landes, the chauffeur, and Phelps, the drug clerk. Therefore my conclusion was that either Hitchens was lying or that the physician was.wrong. But my experience has taught me that medical men are, as a general pule, cold-blooded --that is, they figure things out with mathematical accuracy and, by the lawr of averages, they are right ninety-nine times out of a hundred. Therefore Hitchens was lying. But so far as we knew there was no motive. "Now, the average man has deep within him a streak of superstition and a fear of whatever he does not under- stand. Therefore I took the indolent attitude before the servants, finally working things up to a climax so that they expected wonderful things from the gypsy whom I had touted so highly. As soon as you gave .your per- mission I hinted up the old man, whose name, by the way, is not Lipki, but Rodereigo. For ten dollars he agreed to play the part the way I told him to--and that he sustained my estimate of him I believe you will all agree. I spent the afternoon in coaching him. "I felt that, in case Hitchens did not confess, we would have lost nothing. But I was betting on the superstitious streak in his makeup and won out. "We all know now what his motive was. He had been systematically rob- bing his employer for years. Fellows had become suspicious and last night notified the secretary that they wotild go over the books together today. Hitchens waited until his employer was sleeping, then entered the room by means of a key that he had secured possession of, struck the fatal blow, then went through the mummery of go- ing to the village after the bromide, thus providing himself with an almost perfect alibi. With Fellows dead, he figured that, as confidential man, he 