Daughter of the Pigeon By Harry C. Hervey, Jr. I THAT last night in Marquesan waters, as Cleaves and I sat on the fore-deck of the anchored Jezbel, listening to the talk of Leaping Fire, the Polynesian midship- man, the Bay of Traitors was lit with an eerie glow. Along Taha-uka, from the rockbound shore where the surf hurled its futile rage upon a Bastile of dun- colored stone, to the somnolent lights of Hivaoa dreaming beneath the black thunders of Temetiu, legions of phos- phorus battled in green strife. .... "Yonder is the isle of Taoha, Menikes," Leaping Fire was saying, pointing with his tattooed arm toward what seemed a mass of stone rising upon the moonlit night, his speech punctuated by the creaking of the boom as it swung with the slide and heave of the lazy rollers. "In the days before the Chris- tian God came, when Po, the Power of Darkness, ruled the islands, the sea- robbers of Tahati used to hide their treasures there--somewhere near the High Place and the Vale Where Dead Men Walk." "The Vale Where Dead Men Walk," I echoed. "What is that?" "A Valley below the High Place. From the sacrificial Altar of Po the old chiefs used to hurl their victims into the gorge--in the days when the island was called Bloody Taoha ..." Once a Polynesian always a Polyne- sian, and in the South Sea Islander there still lurks desire for the taste of human flesh. 'And I imagined that as he spoke Leaping Fire could again hear. not without joy, the savage throbbing of rawhide drums in the dank, purple valleys of Bloody Taoha. "Is the island still inhabited?" TlTis from Cleaves. "Yes. Years ago there were more than a thousand warriors on Taoha, but with the white man came plagues and wars--until now there are less than fifty. Mahuma is the chief, but he is. slowly drinking himself to death with Kava. Ah, Menikes, the history of Taoha, the dying island is written in blood--and the future . . . But who knows the fu- ture?" "I'd like to visit the island," observed Cleaves. "Do not go to Taoha," warned Leap- ing Fire, "It is accursed. All die upon Taoha. And some say--" He paused. "What?" I urged. "Some say that the spirits of the Ta- hatian pirates return from under the earth to guard their treasures ..." Cleaves and I gazed seaward to the isle of tragic history, a bulk of stone that bared its nakedness to the low-hung tropic stars. "Lay you two to one I can beat you swimming to the island, Rundel," spoke up Cleaves. I smiled. "Take you up." "It is two miles away!" protested Leaping Fire. "And in the bay are tnako and fekc--fierce, man-devouring sharks and devil-fish!" But we would not listen to him; the tales of hidden loot and crimson deeds had stirred our blood. "I'm for the swim, sharks or no sharks," said I, without bravado, for I 61 