92 The Dark Brown Dress "Now I am an early riser, sir. I very often do two or three hours' work be- fore breakfast." Here he pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and mopped his head. "Mr. Meroe," he said strangely, and evidently quite carried away with a vivid memory, "this morning I com- menced to write, as usual. Soon came the first light of dawn. I kept on writ- ing. Then it grew lighter and I turned off the desk lamp. . . . And, dear God! man," he said hoarsely, "I looked out of the window--I looked out of the window, and . . . there she was-- that woman--still staring at me! And the head of the man was above the back of the settee in exactly the same posi- tion." I leaned forward with a glance at Meroe. "And what did you do, Mr. Grover?" he was asking. "I went directly over to the Claridge, sir, but the janitor said that I was--er-- crazy, and would not listen to me. What's more, he would not let me in to wake up the manager. So I returned to my room to make sure that I had not been dreaming. Being perfectly satis- fied that this was not the case, I decided to appeal to you. If you will come di- rectly to my room, I am confident that you will find things just as I have stated." "And it is your opinion, Mr. Grover, that a crime has been committed?" "Why, yes--er--well, that, of course, is one possibility." "Come," said Meroe, putting the screen in front of the fireplace, "we will go immediately." Once in the room, Grover advanced quickly to the window and uttered an exclamation of astonishment, for the room behind the third bay window op- posite was the scene of a commotion. Meroe bolted for the door with the two of us at his heels. The office of the Claridge was empty. Not waiting to ring for the elevator, Meroe rushed up six flights of stairs. I followed him, leaving Grover blus- tering and far behind. We made our way toward the sound of voices down the hall, and stood in the doorway of a room facing a dozen or more people. Meroe showed them his badge of authority. Mr. Barhart, manager of the hotel, stood forth as main spokesman. I was surprised to find that all in the room were alive and on their feet, and noticed that Meroe was also somewhat disturbed at this. "Where are the bodies ?" he asked, addressing Mr. Barhart, who seemed rather astounded that Meroe had ar- rived upon the scene, and could not quite understand how he had known that there were bodies in the case when he, himself, had just discovered them. "Why, we carried them to the bed in the other room," he replied, "and sent for the house doctor." "Has he been here?" "He has examined them, sir. In fact, he is still in the room with them." "Were they dead ?" "Apparently quite lifeless." "Then you should not have removed them until the arrival of the proper au- thorities, Mr. Barhart. Have you noti- fied the police ?" "The police!" Mr. Barhart was quite taken aback. "It had not occurred to me that there was need to notify the police. I was about to notify the friends of these people and arrange with the undertaker. . . ." "Then it had not occurred to you, Mr. Barhart, that a crime had been com- mitted ?" There was a murmuring of voices among the assembly at the end of the room, among which were guests of the hotel, two or three maids, the elevator boy, and the telephone girl. "A crime!" exclaimed the manager. 