68 Exterior to the Evidence members. Etherton had twisted round in his chair and was watching him with a puzzled frown on his face; Sir John Arncliffe was lying comfortably back against the padded lounge on which he lolled, placidly complacent, and evident- ly sure of his own safety. "Now that," resumed Weathershaw, "that pre-supposed that somebody--one person, or two persons, or even more-- knew that you were busy with an inven- tion. It seemed to me that such persons must be in close touch with you; per- sons, probably, who were employed by you. Well, there was your clerk, Pike --from what one could gather of the evidence at the inquest, Pike seemed a likely person to suspect. And I was sus- pecting Pike when I called on you, heard your story, and got you to show me your strong-room, and to lend me the key of it. But at that stage, two things happened in quick succession. The fact was this--my first proceeding on getting into that strong-room was to closely examine the key you had given me, and the lock into which it fitted. If you have that key on you, Mr. Ether- ton, please hand it to me for a minute." Etherton drew a key from his pocket and passed it across in silence. Weather- shaw held it up. "Now, you'll all notice," he contin- ued, "that this key is of very intricate workmanship. As you see, it is cut out of the steel in a fashion which left what we will call niches and crevices. And I'm sure you'd never noticed it, Mr. Etherton, but in one of those crevices I, immediately on making a close in- spection of the key, discovered a tiny, almost minute, fragment of wax-- green, soft wax. I knew, then, that the key had been out of your possession, and that whoever had had it possessed it long enough to take an impression of it, in wax. A fragment--the merest fragment--of wax had adhered in one of the crevices--there it was!" Once more Weathershaw paused. And now he noticed that the man in whom he was particularly concerned had removed the big cigar from his lips and was listening more attentively. "The next thing to do," he went on, "was to find out who had taken that impression. Clearly, it was somebody who very much wanted to get into your strong-room--to see the machine. That somebody was a person about your premises. I recognized that it would probably be a very difficult matter to fasten on the right person. But here again chance favored me. You'll re- member that when you took me to the floor where that strong-room is situated, you called one of your overlookers, a man named Madgwick, to you, and told him I was seeing about some altera- tions and was to look round where I liked. Well, after coming out, I saw a man's coat hanging on a peg. I slipped a hand into the inside pocket, found some odd scraps of paper, and some letters addressed to Madgwick, at Mrs. Beckett's, Marriner's Fold. And on at least three of the odd scraps of paper there were rough pencil sketches of the wards of a key--the very key which I held in my possession !" "God bless my soul!" muttered Etherton. "A fellow that I'd have trusted--" "I saw through the whole thing, then," continued Weathershaw, holding up a finger to bespeak silence and atten- tion. "This man had got your key at some time, and had taken a wax im- pression of it. But he didn't dare to take that wax impression to any lock- smith !--that would have been too dan- gerous. So what he'd done was to make a drawing of the wax model, practising it over and over again until he'd got something sufficiently accurate to work upon. And just as the cleverest and most careful criminals invariably forget some slight detail in their schemes, so 