28 The Phantom Check ver inquired when the count was finished. "Just," the teller nodded, "though I can hardly believe it. It seems too good. I'm certainly a grateful man, Mr. Cheever." "How did he get five thousand dollars today?" Wines asked excitedly. The detective leaned back in his chair and lighted his pipe before he answered. "Simplest thing in the world, Mr. Wines. He drew out his account twice, that's all. Once at noon, when Dykes was at the window, and a little later when Hackett got back from lunch. You see," he continued, "he was probably about ready to quit--a game like he was playing can't go on forever--and when he read that little article in the paper this morning he figured his day's work was done. And if I hadn't interfered," he added, "the bank would have' been short nine thousand, permanently." "What makes you think that," Wines inquired. "Because it's a hundred to one bet that you'd have never even suspected Esseltine of the crooked work." "With two of his checks in our hands, both of them drawing out his entire balance?" Wines sneered. "You fail to give us credit for even average intelli- gence, Mr. Cheever. Why, we'd have had the wires hot all over the United States within an hour after the bank closed its doors tonight." "Provided you had two checks," Chee- ver said quietly. "Why, what do you mean?" the banker exclaimed excitedly. "Didn't you say that he cashed one with Dykes and one with Hackett? When did one plus one cease to be two?" "Mr. Wines," Cheever grinned cheer- fully. "Your arithmetic is above par, but the simple fact remains that you now, at this present writing, have but one check for five thousand dollars signed by Gabriel Esseltine. And now don't go into apoplexy just yet," he ad- vised the banker, "but listen a moment while I propound a simple question to Hackett here." "Hacket," said he, "a man carrying an account with this bank cashes a check at your window for one hundred dollars. Now suppose you lose that check in the course of the day, where would you be at night?" "A hundred dollars short, of course," Hackett answered promptly, "but there's so little chance--" "I said suppose you do lose it?" the detective cut in. "You'd be short, wouldn't you?" Hackett nodded, dimly conscious that back of this simple question lay a whole realm of mystery which this calm-faced man had already explored. Then with startling suddenness he turned to President Wines. "Let me see that check I gave you for safe keeping," he demanded. Mechanically the banker arose, un- locked an inconspicuous drawer in his private desk and reached within, then turned about slowly, empty fingers working spasmodically. "It's gone," he croaked. " Where the woodbine twineth,' " Cheever quoted softly. He sat there a moment before he continued: "Naturally you want to know how I unraveled this thing. Now you'll re- member that I took the checks which passed through Hackett's window and lined them up on that table in the directors' room. And, Mr. Wines, you'll recall that when I left the room at noon Saturday, to get a drink, I locked the door after me?" Wines nodded his remembrance. "Well, when I came back not more than ten minutes later, I found that one of the checks had disappeared." The President started to ask a ques- tion at this point but Cheever fore- stalled it. 