The Explosive Gentleman By J. J. Stagg I THE steak was ordered well done and the waiter served it rare. This incident gave the initial im- petus to a most terrible catas- trophe. That so small a matter could lead to such appalling results was due entirely to the character and tempera- ment of Ralph Kremp. That young man was of the hyper- neurotic, tempestuous type. That is, he was easily excitable and given to acting on impulse rather than on reason. Little provocation was needed to drive him in- to a rage. His temper once aroused, soon got beyond his control and fre- quently led him into deeds of passion and even violence. His anger at times was sustained through protracted per- iods, a feature which sometimes induced those with whom he came in contact on such occasions to doubt his sanity. The affair in the restaurant was characteristic. Kremp made a caustic remark concerning the waiter's atten- tiveness. The waiter who was an extra, and indifferent to the prospect of losing his job, commented slurringly on the fastidiousness of diners who "couldn't tell a sirloin steak from an oyster fry anyway." A less combative person would prob- ably have reported the waiter to the management. Ralph Kremp began a spirited denunciation and in his excite- ment he rose from his chair. The waiter a bit frightened, put out a hand as in a calming gesture. His movement was a trifle too hurried and forceful. He had the ill-fortune to touch Kremp on the chest while he was slightly off balance. The light push was sufficient to upset Kremp altogether and to topple him back into his chair. It was a ludicrous fall and caused several Other diners to laugh. That was the spark which ignited the consuming flame of Kremp's fury. He seized a heavy water tumbler and hurled it at the waiter. The aim was a trifle high. The glass tore a piece from the waiter's scalp. A few women screamed, several men jumped up and other wait- ers came running from different direc- tions. Kremp threw himself in a low tackle at the object of his wrath. They hit the floor together and rolled around. Fists, elbows, knees and feet were used as weapons. A table was overturned. The struggle continued beneath the debris. The waiter eventually fought himself free. He staggered to his feet and re- treated. Kremp attempted to renew the assault but was set upon by several diners and restaurant employees. With a madman's strength he tried to fight them off. Before he was finally sub- dued, two waiters and three diners bore unmistakable marks of severe maltreat- ment. In the confusion someone had telephoned to the police. Kremp and the waiter were placed under arrest. At the police station Kremp affected great indignation and was insulting in his manner and language to the lieu- tenant. He claimed to be connected with one of the best families in the city. He demanded the privilege of calling up Mr. Walter Boyer on the phone. Walter Boyer, he bragged, was his cousin and he had pull enough to break any man on the force. None of the 75 