44 The Georgetown Mystery "What do you find, doctor?" Thorn- ton turned to the coroner. "A slight abrasion at the base of the skull," was the answer. "That's all ex- ternally. I think his death was caused by a broken neck. Other than that I can discover nothing wrong." Thornton ordered the body taken to the village undertaker's, and the. party was moving away when a youth came running and announced that the Com- mercial Bank had been robbed. John Jacobsen, the cashier, had just opened up and found five thousand dollars missing, money which had recently been deposited by farmers who had sold their wheat. "Things are happening around here," whistled the prosecutor. "Come on; we'll stop at the bank on the way to the Lewis home." At the bank everything was in or- der. Mr, Jacobsen told the investiga- tors he had found the doors locked as always, the non-time locking safe closed as it had been every morning, and papers and books undisturbed. But on opening the safe he discovered that five thousand dollars was missing. A search in the bank revealed noth- ing; a search outside revealed nothing. There were no finger-prints to be seen on the safe, as Dorgan for one deter- mined ; the person who opened it evi- dently had exercised the greatest pre- caution. There was not even a track in the road that might have indicated a machine had been near the bank during the night. "Did Harley have a key to the bank ?" Thornton asked Mr. Jacobsen. "Yes, he did; always had one. But you didn't find the money on his body, did you?" "No; but we will look again." "Did you find a pair of gloves of any kind a robber might have worn in open- ing the safe, Mr. Jacobsen?" Dorgan wanted to know. "No, sir. Everything was left just as you see it when I found that the money was gone. I can't imagine what's happened." "Well, I can't either," Thornton ad- mitted. He turned to leave the bank, then stopped. "Let me talk to you in private, Mr. Jacobsen." And with the middle-aged cashier, a man of faultless habits, he went into what had been Mr. Lewis' private office. They were closeted half an hour. "Don't believe he is guilty or knows anything about the robbery or the deaths," Thornton confided to Dr. Carter, Sheriff Perry and Dorgan as they walked back to the undertaker's. "However, I guess it would be best to question him further later on." They did not find the money on Har- ley. Neither did they find a pair of gloves. They found/ the bank key, but Thornton said that proved nothing. They went on to the Lewis home, the most pretentious of any in the town of a thousand people* Mrs. Lewis was reclining upon a divan, weeping and hysterical. She told them Mr. Lewis was in his machine in front of the ga- rage. They went to the rear and there saw the corpse of the middle-aged banker and leading business man of the community at the steering wheel of his car, his arms clasped around the wheel and his head resting upon them, as if he had fallen asleep. Dr. Carter made another examina- tion. There were no marks to indicate the banker had been the victim of foul play. Dr. Carter announced that he believed he died of heart disease. When the four men returned to the house Mrs. Lewis, attended by an anx- ious neighbor woman, disposed them in chairs and returned to the diyan. "Would you tell us, Mrs. Lewis, what you know about this unfortunate occurrence?" the prosecutor began al- 