74 Fear marked that you must be trying to check me up, because you had been down to the office the night before using the typewriter. You see I had a pretty clear trail." The cigar I smoked that night was the last comfortable one I have had un- til this. There hasn't been a moment, until last night, that I haven't thought about that piece of carbon paper. And don't think Brentwood let me forget about it either. He didn't mention it for a year. Then he came in and remarked that he thought he was growing more valuable as a member of the firm. I wasn't quite cowed then and I let myself go for a minute, but he brought me up sharp. Oh, he had me, all right. I agreed. The next time came about two years later. He asked me up to his apartment to dinner that night. I went, and he asked for another five per cent. There wasn't any argument at all. Don't think that Brentwood wasn't making good. He had a genius for finance. He never had a scheme that failed. Of course, we didn't make mil- lions out of everything he brought up, but we never lost and he worked hard. My dinner engagements with him came about every two years, which brought us up to six months ago. I never had anything to do with him out- side of the office except at dinners at my house, formal dinners, when he was just one of the guests. Each time I went to his place he had a five per cent larger interest in the firm. The last time left him with a full half. I had begun to take it for granted. I knew that every two years I would have to eat all alone with him and listen to his rotten talk about women. He was a cad, and he knew I hated his stories. That's the reason he told them. Then after dinner he would make his same smiling demand and there was nothing for me to do. Did I tell you that I hadn't had a peaceful moment since he showed me that paper? I couldn't tell my wife about it. She is a wonderful woman. She doesn't even suspect that I was mixed up in the Landis affair. You are the first human being I have been able to tell this thing to after fif- teen years of living it. Fifteen years is a long time. I don't want your sym- pathy. It's all over now and I want to get it off my mind. But that doesn't make any difference about my shooting Brentwood. As I said, he called on me last about six months ago. I thought then that I would have two more years of almost peace, when something else came up. You may have seen a picture of my daughter Lucia. It was published last winter when she made her debut. She is her mother all over again, and I am just "daddy" to her. She has always been my pal, since she was a little girl. And she is now, too. Anyway, she made her debut last winter, and Brentwood started coming to the house more frequently. I would come home in the afternoon and find him at tea. My wife asked him to din- ner two or three times, just with the family. She had never seen him ask for a larger share of the firm. It kept up so that I began to have a big fear, bigger than my fear of Brent- wood and his carbon paper. Suppose my girl should fall in love with him. A couple of nights ago by some chance she was staying at home. She came into the library where I was try- ing to read, and I decided to try to find out how much she liked Brentwood. She came over and sat on the arm of my chair and pulled my hair. "Where is Brentwood tonight?7' I started to question her. "Pining away in some dark den, prob- ably. I refused to let him come up. I told him it was daddy's night." 