50 The Monolith Hotel Mystery Street. When Mahoney reached the sta- tion that Wednesday morning he found a note from Desmond saying he was working on a startling new lead in the case. Mahoney waited impatiently for his subordinate's return, scowled when he read the newspaper eulogies of Marty O'Donohue, and cursed bitterly when the extras came in w7ith the news of Henderson's indictment. The cap- tain went out for supper at six o'clock, and when he came back, Desmond, all one broad grin, was waiting in his office to report to him. "Desmond, there's some tall explain- ing coming from you," Mahoney began savagely. "Headquarters has put it all over us on this case, and is giving us the merry laugh. What have you done ? Nothing! What has this big stiff, Marty O'Donohue, done? Everything! Lo- cated the murderer, pinched, arraigned and indicted him, all in jig time. I won- der at your nerve in coming back here at all. A detective who falls down as bad as you have done ought to jump into the river." "Just a minute, Cap!" interrupted the happy detective. "O'Donohue thinks he put something over on me. That false alarm at the hotel, Spencer, tipped him off, I guess. I'll attend to Spencer later. O'Donohue doesn't know he's alive. Never did know. And the joke of it is that, in this case, he's pinched the wrong man. "Anybody with common sense would know that this poor boob, Henderson, is telling a straight story. He claims that after dinner Tuesday night he went to his room, snoozed on his bed until late, then got up, went to the bathroom, found the woman's body, got scared and beat it. That was the theory I had all along, Cap, that Henderson was just the innocent goat. And why did I feel that way? Because, right off the bat, I sus- pected the victim's husband. The story he told me when I first hit the hotel sounded fishy, mighty fishy. He claimed be had been in the writing-room on the mezzanine floor for several hours--his wife was taking a nap and he didn't want to annoy her. That's his story. But, if Mrs. Johnson was taking a nap, why did she have on her hat when the body was found? Did you ever hear of a woman lying down and going to sleep with her hat on--unless, of course, she was drunk?" The captain's rage had departed. He was giving close attention to the story being told him, and his interest was growing all the time. "Your dope sounds good," he ad- mitted, "but still," he frowned, "this Henderson bird has been indicted. Don't forget that." "Just listen a little more, Cap," pleaded Desmond. "I'm giving you this case in order. Nailing Johnson's first lie, I naturally looked for others. On the desk at which he sat were a number of addressed and sealed letters. There were so many that it would look as if the man had been writing for hours and hours. Well, I took a peek at the top letter and read the address. It was J. M. Devereau, 95 West 46th Street. Does that suggest anything to you, Cap?" The captain shook his head; then, as a thought struck him, he knitted his brows. Looking at Desmond, he grinned. "I get you," he said. "The last num- ber east of Sixth Avenue is 79 West 46th Street. That address is phony. Good work!" "Knew it would strike you," the detec- tive went on cheerily. "You can see, as I did, that this fellow Johnson was just pretending to write letters, planning in that way to establish his alibi. I didn't let on, of course, but saw to it that Johnson gave those notes to a bellboy to mail. Then I got them away from the kid, steamed them open, and found, 