The Woman Who Cursed a Man By Harold Ward I Madame Blavsky, the world's greatest tragedienne, was dead. They found her in the cold gray of the morning lying upon the floor of her drawing-room, her beautiful face twisted into a look of horror; her great brown eyes wide open, glazed, protrud- ing; her red lips purpled, blackened, swollen--set in a sickening grin. Her dress had been torn away from the rounded shoulders--the shqulders that had been toasted and raved over by a thousand critics. Between the breasts was a red gash where the angry knife had entered. There were dark marks of fingers on the skin of the milky neck. The long, slender hands were torn and bruised, twisted out of shape, the flesh scratched as the rings had been brutally pulled from the fingers by the assassin in his eagerness to escape. An open downstairs window showed how entrance had been gained. Yet there were no marks of feet in the ground beneath. It had rained during the day and the earth would have re- tained the footprints had any been made. The drawing-room showed no signs of a struggle. Not a piece of furniture was disturbed, not a rug out of place. But several drawers pulled out, their contents scattered carelessly about the floor, showed that a hurried search had been made for valuables. But aside from the rings torn from the Madame's fingers and possibly sev- eral less valuable trinkets, nothing of value had been taken except-- The life-size painting of Madame in the role of Lady Macbeth--the painting by Rumley, which had created such a furore at the Paris exhibition five years before--had disappeared, frame and all, from its accustomed place on the wall! The servants were questioned. None could throw any light on the affair-- none save Felice, the maid. During the night she had heard the voice of her mis- tress raised in an agonized shriek of horror. The sound of a fall. Then her mistress had exclaimed in tones so tense, so vibrant, that they caused the chills to creep up and down her back and every nerve to tingle with fear: "Oh, Mother of God! Help me! Help me! Can no one hear me? May my spirit never rest until it has driven you to confess!" The voice had stopped suddenly with a choking sort of gurgle. She, Felice, had pulled the covers over her head to drown it out. Why had she not sum- moned help? She shrugged her pretty shoulders. Did the officers not know that Madame suffered from insomnia as a result of the nervous attack which had driven her from the stage? On such occasions she was wqnt to assume the roles she had played in years gone by. And--there was another shrug of the shoulders which spoke plainer than words--Madame was, like all great art- ists, temperamental. When buried in one of her characters she sometimes reached a high pitch of excitement. For safety's sake it was not always best to interrupt. The other servants, although they had not heard Madame's cry as described by Felice, corroborated the maid's story of the nocturnal roles. They had learned 77 