106 After Midnight butler who had joined them. Even partially clad he retained some of the dignity of his position. "Oh, what d'ye 'spose has hap- pened? Doctor dear, what d'ye think it is?" the housekeeper caught her master's arm, and clung desperately to him. He did not seem conscious of her presence. He was looking into the lighted corridor below, at his wife; as she stumbled blindly through the outer door into the illuminated passage- way. She was sobbing convulsively. She started to climb the stairs slowly, dragging herself upward with an ef- fort. Her shimmery evening gown was torn and draggled about her, her face was grey, a death color; and her eyes terror stricken. At the head of the stairs she col- lapsed in a heap. When Willoughby started to lift her, she gave a shud- dering cry, and warded off his touch. Her husband gave a sucking breath. He looked at Lannen. "Mrs. Willoughby !" cried the latter dropping on his knees beside her. Subconsciously he wondered what had become of the man who had been with her, if it were he who had given that cry of terrible torture. "Mrs. Willoughby, what is it? What has happened?" For a moment her white lips quivered. "I--I--there's a dead man out there by the greenhouses, I-- stumbled over him! I touched his cold face. I--!" "A dead man!" "Yes--!" she suddenly straight- ened and stared with a fixity into her husband's face. A strange expression came over her own; then she allowed Lannen to as- sist her to rise, and in a quiet manner, though with obvious effort she re- quested the butler to bring her some wine. "A dead man!" "Come," said Lannen abruptly-- his legal training coming to the fore- ground,--"She may be mistaken, the man may still be alive." "He was cold," she answered. The little procession filed out toward the greenhouses, a motley, weird looking crowd in bath robes, smoking jackets and kimonos. Louise Willoughby walked with Lannen and her husband. Her hand lightly rested on Lannen's all the way. He felt the nervous tremors that shook her as they neared the spot where she had discovered the dead man. "There are lights in the green- house," Willoughby said abruptly. "I'll turn them on." He left them for a moment, then the glass enclosure became illumi- nated. An exclamation of horror burst from the group. Mrs. Willoughby clung to Lannen's arm in a feverish manner. Huddled up, chest and chin meet- ing, lay the body of a man, unques- tionably dead. He was roughly dressed, his shoes in tatters, his bare feet showing through the gaping soles; while several days' growth of beard added to the gruesomeness of his appearance. ' Long yellow teeth were bared in a distortion of agony; bleary eyes stared upward. There was no sign of a wound, no indica- tions of foul play; but the man had unquestionably died suddenly and in great torture. Evidently it had been his death cry they had heard. Willoughby knelt beside him; then after a second's examination rose ab- ruptly. "Dead. Heart failure, I think, but it will be best to notify the police." "Know him?" Lannen asked. 