82 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome heavy, measured tread as he paced the floor sometimes late into the night. One evening as I arrived home slight- ly later than usual, having been detained at the office upon some special work, I passed him in the dark stairway. He was coming downstairs, and as the light from the upper hall shone upon his back and full into my face, I was unable to see what he looked like. I got the impression only of the hugeness of the man. Tall, heavily built, his body enveloped in a large black cloak, he appeared, in the exaggerate^ half-light of the stair- way, to be some great giant hovering threateningly over me. He stood courteously aside, however, pressing himself against the wall to al- low me to pass. As I did so I glanced into his face. But he wore a very wide- brimmed Quaker-like hat and, in the shadow which it cast, I could note lit- tle save that he wore large, black- rimmed spectacles. "Good evening," I murmured. His reply came to me in a deep, res- onant voice, soft and almost tender. There was the rich quality in it of the deep notes of an organ. A most unaccountable feeling came over me as I brushed past him; some- thing from the inscrutable alchemy of an unusual personality. I felt like a lit- tle child that had got lost in an empty house. II One evening I discovered, upon try- ing to light the gas in my room, that I was without matches. Seeing a light shining under the stranger's door, I ven- tured to knock and to beg a match of him. He answered with a sonorous "Come in," which, considering the secrecy of the man, filled me with surprise. I found myself in a meagrely fur- nished room of nondescript threadbare- ness akin to my own. The apartment was lighted not with gas, as in my room, but by the small table oil-lamp which had so excited the landlady's suspicions. The soft yellow glow, repressed by a heavy shade, poured its light over the table, covered, as I noticed, with a con- fusion of papers. "You will pardon my intrusion," I be- gan, explaining my forgetfulness about the matches. , "Indeed," he replied, "I am glad, if I may put it that way, that you have for- gotten them, as it affords me an oppor- tunity of meeting you other than in the stairway." Why was it that, as he spoke, I fan- cied he must be smiling ? Something in the genial raillery of his words, I sup- pose, for fthen I looked at him no trace of amusement could be seen. His face was as calm, as unemotional as the plac- id features of a Chinese idol. His cheeks did not crease, nor were there any wrinkles about his eyes. The impression which he made upon me now was only one of great good- nature. I wondered why, recalling our first meeting, I had been so eerily moved. Then I looked into his eyes and again that strange, haunted feeling crept over me, as it had done that evening upon the stairs. His eyes were so large that I fancied their unusualness must be caused by the lenses of his glasses, or perhaps by a trick of the shadows. Yet there was something in their expression which I was unable to fathom. Could it be drugs? No, for there was a look of grandeur about them. They baffled me. We humans, who trust so innocently to our sight, we are all so pitifully blind! . . . This was only the first of many eve- nings spent with Nathaniel Broome. Diffidently, almost timidly at first, our 