26 Black Shadows the dining-room and received a reassur- ing hiss from Lieutenant Jamieson. The stage was set for the entrance of the principal actor. Suggs rose and opened the parlor door to admit Hawker. The chauffeur was flushed with drink. Apparently he had sought to stiffen a wavering courage with numer- ous libations, and had only succeeded in forcing the throbbing color into his cheeks and a heaviness into his tongue. "When I saw how dark the place was I didn't know but what you had double- croSsed me," he snorted. "You didn't think I would have it lit up like a church, did you?" Hawker grunted sullenly. "Well, said the reporter casually, "here is Miss Guerney to talk that mat- ter over with you. I suppose I get that fifteen thousand, don't I?" The other took his copy of the Star from a pocket, and tossed it to Suggs. "Look at that," he said thickly. "I'm broke--haven't a penny in the world. But don't you worry. After I inherit old Guerney's money I'll double your stake." "What do you mean?" demanded the girl. Hawker focussed her with his red- rimmed eyes. "I had a hundred thou- sand dollars in the Cathedral Bank-- my share of the money that Jones and I blackmailed out of old fools like Vanderduynck and Castleton. It went broke, and took every penny I own. But I'm going to get Guerney's money --when you're out of the way--ain't I, Suggs? So we're going to get rid of you very politely. I didn't know if I could trust Suggs at first, but my nerve was gone, and I couldn't put anything over alone. So we're going to kill you together--kill you the way Jones and Guerney and the Dayak were killed." He fumbled in his hip pocket for a weapon. Before his fingers had closed on the butt, Johnny leaped forward, and the knuckles of his right fist caught the chauffeur on the mouth. Hawker reeled back, spluttering an oath through his bleeding lips. Before Hawker had recovered his balance the dining-room door opened and closed, and Jamieson stood with his broad back against it. The blue coat and brass buttons startled Hawker into instant sobriety. He glared around like a trapped wild beast. A deadly fear was stamped on his bloodless face. "What's the meaning of this?" he demanded. "It means that we've caught the murderer of Strickland Guerney," said the police lieutenant importantly. "You should know that you couldn't deceive us, clever as you are." "I didn't kill Guerney, before God I didn't?" "No? Who did, then?" "Jones did it. He planned it all, and carried it out himself. I helped him with his alibi, that was all. His date with Daisy Graelis--the ride through the park--everything was done to cover up his time. The only bit unaccounted for by anyone but me was between one- fifteen, when the traffic officer in the park recognized us, and two-thirty when Jones went to Miss Graelis' apart- ment. .He disguised himself in overalls and a slouch hat, smeared himself with soot, and let himself in through the area way. "He had a key to the old man's study --let himself in. There were only a few words exchanged; then Jones shot him with an automatic, equipped with a silencer." "Why? Old Guerney gave him lots of money." "It was Guerney's daughter. Jones learned that she was in town. He heard that the old man had decided on a reconciliation, and he knew that he 