A Track-and-a-Half 103 he's the best man in the mob. Ask her. She knows the man who pulled the job." Striding hastily forward, Harbin put his hand on the woman's shoulder. "You said 'the man,' Mrs. Anthony," he reminded. "Do you mean that it was an inside job?" "Inside is right," was the cryptic an- swer ; and with a defiant smile she stooped and vanished through the little gate, leaving the three detectives to stare in contemplation at the dissolving ve- hicles and the structure of their solution of the mystery. V "Inside job!" echoed Harrison. "That's what I told you, Harbin. Re- member the girl--and the overshoes? Remember those one-way tracks up there ?" Harbin did remember all of these things. In the last few minutes he had not been able to remember anything else. Previously he had thought a man's foot- prints as open as his soul was closed, but up there in Garrison's garden and here in this sordid lot were sets of them that did not track at all straight with honesty and square dealing. Impatiently, he beckoned his companions and with- out waiting for a street-car they hailed a taxi and sped to the Garrison home. Garret Garrison and his wife had re- turned from their sad errand and the banker himself received them. This made it a little easier for the detectives, who were able to state their suspicions bluntly to a man not inclined to hys- terics and used to dealing with the police. The result was rather shattering to the structure of evidence the detectives had built up--if that tottering edifice could longer be called a structure--but they stood it like men and pressed on to their new conclusions. Confronted by facts and suspicions in the presence of her father, Miss Garri- son made a frank confession--under pledge of secrecy, of course. It seems that she had practised a little deceit. Having a horror of funerals, she had played a double game--avoided the ob- sequies of her aunt on the plea of sudden illness and also kept a perfectly proper sub rosa engagement with a young man who lived around the corner. The two had attended a theatre and afterward were chatting in the draw- ing-room, under a rather dim light, when alarmed by the noise in the upper hallway and the escape of a man through the library window. Quick-witted, like her father, Miss Garrison had instantly realized the em- barrassment which would be caused all around by the disclosure of her decep- tion and had practically pushed young Tom Chalmers out of the drawing-room window. She had thrown his hat, coat and stick after him but had forgotten his rubbers. And like the faithful ser- vitor he was, Chalmers had crashed through the hedge and faded out of the picture until betrayed by his one-way footprints. "Do you mean to say, Miss Garrison," Harbin asked, "that there was only one burglar in the house?" "Only one," she answered, steadily now, with her father's hand in hers. "I saw him distinctly as he swung around the newel post and darted into the library." "Dave Bamfield," whispered Kelso. "We've got his overcoat." "He had on a bright plaid cap," went on Miss Garrison. "Red Doran," muttered Harrison. "We've got the cap." At this moment the telephone bell in the library rang and Garrison went to answer it. "Detective Jacobs of Headquarters wishes to talk with one of you gentle- 