10 The Prisoner Speaks ney, the latter making his protests on the basis of his proclaimed desire that all the rights of the defendant should be fully conserved and safeguarded, Smith insisted upon and finally suc- ceeded in establishing his right to con- duct his own case without aid from anyone, and so did conduct it. This characteristic expression of strong individuality, or, it may have been, belief in the righteousness of his cause as he himself saw it, was not only the cause of widespread adverse com- ment, but also was made the occasion, by the prosecution, for further ham- mering home of the idea of the prison- er's obstinacy and erraticism. The prosecuting attorney, as a good lawyer, did not fail to make capital of the additional fact that the accused de- clined to cross-examine the State's wit- nesses, or call to the stand witnesses of his own. Nor of the further inno- vation of the defense also allowing the entire case for the State to be pre- sented to the jury without so much as a single objection made, exception taken, or comment on any of the pro- ceedings during the days that the trial consumed, until the last. Not even during the selection of the jury did Smith avail himself of his legal constitutional rights of examina- tion or challenge. He gave every evi- dence of entire indifference to the per- sonnel of the body of men who had in their hands the decision as to his in- nocence or guilt, his freedom or his execution. -With perfunctory nods or formal expressions of acceptance he permitted the prosecuting attorney to, practically, choose his own jury, dis- playing a lack of interest in their per- sonalities or possible prejudices that could not have been greater had he been no more than a mere spectator in the courtroom. When the prosecuting attorney closed the case for the State with a truly mas- terly summing up, it was felt by many who were in attendance at the trial that the jury would render a verdict of mur- der in the first degree without leaving their seats, or, at least, that they might as well do so, except for the formality of retiring for wholly unncessary de- liberation and casting of a ballot. CHAPTER V This, then, was the situation when Samuel Smith, his manner cool, his bearing confident, his voice low-pitched, but vibrant with feeling, his attitude that of deep respect for the Court and deference to the jury, rose to his feet, saying: "May it please Your Honor, Fore- man and gentlemen of the jury: It has been said that the man who pleads his own case has a fool for a client. I presume that the converse is equally true that the client has his equal in that respect for a counsellor. Possibly, long experience in courts has proven the cor- rectness of that opinion. Right or wrong, wise or foolish, I have wilfully taken whatever risk is.involved in the double disqualification for proper pres- entation of my claims before you. "When the Court offered to appoint an attorney to defend me I declined for several reasons. I did not have enough money to employ a good lawyer. Emphatically, I did not want to risk my life with one of lesser ability. How- ever earnest and industrious, any but the best might place me in additional jeopardy through his inexperience or incompetence. Nor was I willing to accept counsel paid by the State. With the inadequate fee allowed under such circumstances, even a good lawyer could not feel that deep and abiding interest which I conceive my defense both deserves and needs. Not seeking the burden in the face of the cumula- tive evidence that has been presented 