48 The Georgetown Mystery where he roomed, as you know our in- vestigation proved. If he took it, would he hide it, knowing that the theft of so large an amount would be discovered immediately? And he mail- ed nothing, nor telegraphed. There is the possibility that he had outside help. Jacobsen spoke of his having come from Cleveland; at least he thought so. He might have engineered the haul and had a gang from Cleveland to aid him. We'll get in touch with the police there and in other cities and have them on the lookout. There are several possi- bilities--plausibilities, Jim, you might say--but nothing definite. I think you will agree wth me, that it is a very deep mystery to which the key is not visible. So what's the answer, Jim?" "The woman, Bill." Prosecutor Thornton threw up his hands in disgust. "Bah! Two bahs! You're crazy. There's nothing to proceed on, man!" "There's what the reporters call the third degree." "Nothing doing, nothing doing!" Bill expostulated. "Whenever I have to be- come a dulldozer to accomplish my ends, particularly with a woman like Helen Lewis, why, somebody else can be prosecutor!" - "Then you don't intend to do it?" "No, I do not." "I'm afraid I can't be of any mOre help to you, Bill." "Jim, it's Said that whenever a man offers a wager to support his position, he has nothing more worthy to offer. But I'd stake my life on Helen Lewis' fidelity, and I'm not going to besmirch her name." "I admire your chivalry, Bill, but not your professional acumen. I think I'll be going." "All right, Jim. Time will tell. It usually does in such vital matters." "Bulldog" Dorgan departed, cursing under his breath such stupidity. III. Next morning Jacobsen sent in to the prosecutor a letter he had found among Mr. Lewis' papers. Thornton called Dorgan at the home of his par- ents and asked if he would like to take a trip into the country. Dorgan ac- cepted the invitation and they drove fifteen miles beyond George- town into the hills bordering the Ohio River. The letter, written in a scrawling and illiterate style, and signed by George Morris, had been posted seven days be- fore. It was very short and to the point, being, in fact,, a threat that if Mr. Lewis did not restore five thousand dollars which Morris Claimed he was entitled to, he, Morris, would take steps to get it back. With the letter in hand Thornton, accompanied by Dorgan, climbed a rock strewn hillside to the Morris house, a place badly in need of repair. It was patently not the home of a prosperous farmer. George, a doddering old man, was amiable enough to his callers. He had not heard Mr. Lewis was dead, but was frank to say he was glad of it. He calmly admitted he had written to Mr. Lewis, explaining that some months be- fore the bank had foreclosed without notice on an adjoining piece of land and sold it for five thousand dollars to a neighbor. He went on to say that fol- lowing that his wife had died and now he was alone on his almost worthless patch of twenty acres or so. He said the foreclosure had brought on his wife's death, and if Mr. Lewis had been lenient a little longer he would have been able to pay out. "He got his just deserts, Lewis did," the old man concluded in frenzied voice. "The ol' skinflint!" "How did you intend to recover from Lewis--what steps had you planned to 