Two Bells 107 a peg on the wall. "Return to your quarters and say nothing to the men of what you've seen. ..." He followed Stearns into the poorly- lighted main cabin, and as the midship- man reached the top of the companion- way, gripping the brass rail to keep from being hurled back by the danger- ous roll of the vessel, the mate moved through the lazarette. Midway in the dark passage leading into the fo'castle he collided with some- thing that sprang away from him and swore lurid oaths. "Who's that?" demanded Cardigan. "Hinglish Charlie. 'Oo th' blurry 'ell's that?" "The first mate. Is the cabin boy in the fo'c's'le ?" "No, sir; Hi ayn't seen 'im this evenin'." "Well, help me look for him. You start at the bow and I'll go aft." Together they passed through the main cabin and at the top of the com- panionway staggered out upon the deck, gripping the wet lee rail. Here they separated. A blanket of fog had been dropped from the dark sky and the peak-gutters snarled and roared as the heavy sea, dashed inboard, was sucked back again to the surface. Clinging to the drenched rail the mate moved aft. Near the long-boat amidships, a human form darted sud- denly around the corner of the after- cabin and ran into him. Cardigan was thrown roughly against the rail, and as he gained his balance the figure' head down, lurched past him toward the main companion. "Who's that?" he bellowed, hollow- ing his hands. For answer the figure plunged on; gained the companion; vanished. Cardigan swore savagely. Moving across the slippery timbers, he reached the companionway and descended. Be- low, in the main cabin, the door of the lazarette gaped at him. With quick strides he made his way toward the fo'castle. The passage was not dark this time, for during the in- terval that he was on deck a light had been made in the crew's quarters and it sent a pale, trembling shaft through the bulkhead door. In the entrance to the fo'castle Car- digan halted, an exclamation on his lips--for he stood face to face with English Charlie. "How the devil did you get here ?" he demanded suspiciously. The cockney indicated the entrance opposite the bulkhead door, through which opening the bottom of a flight of stairs was visible. "I came down the steps, sir. I just stopped a minute to make a light 'ere." "I thought I sent you to find the cabin boy." "You did, sir--but Hi ayn't found 'im yet." Cardigan whirled about and at that moment a voice behind him shrieked: "Two bells, mate--two bells. . . The sound brought him around again and the,cockney, grinning, pointed to a feathery green body perched on the up- per tier of one of the bunks. Cardigan swore as he made his way alone to the main .cabin. Damn him, who was this fellow who had slunk past him on deck? In the lazarette door he paused to consult his watch. Ten minutes to four. From the timepiece his eyes rose to the compass in the deck-beam over- head. He could distinguish the tiny figures on the white disc. "Good God!" sprang from his lips. Who was on watch? Wajo--and the fool was headed off the course . . . toward where the coral traps lav:- He took a step to cross the main cab- in and at that very instant--so exact is the time-table of' Fate--a sudden 