The Yellow Dog 118 yer liked to take out o' what I got--eh ? How's it to be, guv'nor?" "I can get you away," answered the Chinaman. "But--it will have to be out of England." "Out of--England!" exclaimed Han- kinson. " 'Struth ! W'y, I ain't never been out of England. I don't know no lingo but English. Where would it be now, guv'nor? Not--not to where you come from, would it? 'Cause I under- stand that's a longish way off." The big Chinaman leaned forward as if to attract strict attention. "Now listen," he said. "There is a Chinese ship in the river, lying off Wap- ping, which sails tonight for Amster- dam. Her captain will take you, on my recommendation, to Amsterdam. And in Amsterdam you can sell your --diamonds. When you have sold your diamonds you can take ship to America--or wherever you please to go" Hankinson silently ran over his in- ventory of the stolen goods. "Diamonds, eh?" he said musingly. "There are other things than diamonds, yer know." "I have estimated the value of what was on you," said the Chinaman gravely. "The diamonds are worth about two thousand pounds. You will get one-third of their value in Amsterdam. The other things are worth about four or five hun- dred pounds. You can leave those with me--my share." "Done!" exclaimed Hankinson. "But, how am I to get down to that there ship?" he asked anxiously. "Seems ter me as 'ow there'll be a pretty sharp look-out for me, guv'nor, an' no error! How's it to be done?" The big Chinaman motioned to the smaller one. "This gentleman," he said, "will lend you some garments. You will go down dressed as a Chinaman, after dark. I will prepare you--make you up with a little paint and other matters. And we will begin now--time presses." Hankinson cheerfully submitted to the proposed transformation. He stripped to his underclothing. He put on Chinese trousers and soft-soled Chi- nese boots; he was fitted with upper garments which amused him by their strangeness and comforted him with their silky feeling. And then he sat down, and the big Chinaman produced a box of colored pigments and delicate brushes, and set to work on Hankin- son's head and face. He worked with the zest of a true artist, and the other Chinaman stood by and admired with- out moving a muscle of his features. At the end of half an hour Hankin- son was bidden to look in a mirror, and he stood up and looked and stared. It did not amaze him that he did not know himself; what astonished him was that the craftsman's cunning had trans- formed him into the double of the other Chinaman! The big man, with a sly smile, had twisted his compatriot round so that he stood side by side with Han- kinson, facing the mirror--and Hankin- son gasped as he gazed at the two yel- low faces. "Gawd!" he said. "Why--it's 'im!" The big Chinaman allowed himself to laugh. He put a few finishing touches to his work, adjusted the cap and false pigtail, finally produced a truly Chinese umbrella. And then, in short, plain fashion, he gave Hankinson his instruc- tions. He was to make his way to a certain wharf in the neighborhood of London Docks; there he would be met by a boat's crew and taken on board the Chinese vessel. In his progress through the streets he was to preserve a sober, grave demeanor--above everything, he was not to hold converse with anyone, especially a policeman; if anybody ac- costed him, he was to smile blandly and shake his head. "Right, guv'nor!" said Hankinson. 