The Extra Dozen Eggs By J. B. Hawley I "I AM absurd enough to believe that in nine cases out of ten I can determine the innocence or guilt of a man accused of a crime by looking into his face. I have looked into Gerald Grayson's face and I do not believe that his was the hand that poured poison into Robert Marsh's wine. From his eyes, innocence shines as clearly as the sunlight shines through that window." My friend Mountfort made the fore- going statement with an air almost of defiance. My impulse was to laugh at him, but knowing how sensitive he was to ridicule, I refrained. Instead I adopted a somewhat judicial attitude. "But considering the evidence," I asked, "do you think you can convince an unimaginative jury of your young client's innocence ?" Mountfort answered me with a ges- ture of irritation. "Hang the evidence!" he exclaimed bitterly. "It is more likely to hang your client than to be hung," I retorted. "Consider it. Robert Marsh died sud- denly in his home on the morning of March 29. An autopsy showed that his death was due to poison taken into his system in a glass of wine. There are four witnesses to testify that on the evening preceding his death he was at the home of Graham Cumberland and with him drank a glass of wine that was poured. from an almost empty decanter by the accused. These men will further testify that the wine was served by Grayson, first to his host and then to Marsh and that he, him- self, did not take any. Cumberland is alive and well today, which does away with the supposition that the wine was poisoned before Grayson poured it. Therefore we are left with only one conclusion, which is that between the time when Grayson had served Cumber- land and his pouring the wine for Marsh he slipped the poison into the latter's glass." My friend rose and stood in front of me, an expression of amused tolerance on his face. "You state your case, Tom," he said "with all the precision and bias of a district attorney. Nevertheless I tell you that Grayson is innocent. And I am going to prove him so or I shall never stand before the Bar of Justice again." He caught up his hat and stick and with only a nod to say good-by left the room. From my window I saw his absurdly thin figure go flying down the street looking for all the world like that of some modern Don Quixote. And as I turned back to my desk I reflected that probably no knight errant had ever set forth on a more futile quest than Mountfort was pursuing in his search for evidence to prove that Gerald Grayson was innocent of the murder of Robert Marsh. Yet it was like my friend to take up the cudgels for a man in as hopeless straits as his present client. It seemed to me, at times, that it was impossible for him to vitally interest himself in a case of any kind unless all the circumstances 51 