Black Shadows 25 was a clever idea, son, but I would like to get that paper back again. The bank is as solvent as it ever was, but if .that fake notice ever came to the attention of the president I would find myself the defendant in a suit for damages. How- ever, it's in a good cause, so I won't worry about that. Have you explained matters to Miss Guerney?" "Yes." "And she is willing to carry out her share in the affair?" "Of course." "She must trust you implicitly, son. I know that you are no Don Juan, but she is an unsophisticated girl. Be care- ful." Johnn's cheeks began to burn, and he gave his father an uncomfortable look. Silence fell, and he sat down, his boyish face resting on his hands. The elder Suggs looked at him curiously, and be- gan to change his collar. "Do you--ah--love her?" he asked. "Yes. What do you think this case means to me? I am not a professional detective--the trapping of the man who killed that selfish gourmand, Guerney, and Jones and the Dayak means nothing to me except that it will lift the black shadow from the girl I love." Mr. Suggs had finished dressing. Johnny looked at his watch, picked up his hat and gloves, and rose. "It is ten o'clock," he said in a curi- ously quiet voice. "I am ready if you are." Together they went downstairs. The Suggs limousine was waiting outside. When they reached the drawing- room a sudden thought struck the reporter. "I don't think we had better go to- gether, dad. Hawker isn't a servant. Normally he is clever enough and suspicious enough to watch this house to see what I do. You go in the machine, drive around town a bit, then pick up Jamieson and O'Toole and Bierhalter, if they will let him go. He saw the be- ginning of this affair, and it is only fair that he should see the finish, too. I'll meet Mildred near the Phillips Street address. Have the police slip in the back way, and make sure that Hawker does not see them." "Right you are, son," said the older man. He took the boy's hand in an affectionate grip. "I'm with you all the way, understand--all the way. And, at a pinch, I don't imagine that I would make such a bad father-in-law." He laughed; relinquished his grip. The door banged behind his burly fig- ure. A few minutes later Johnny, too, went out. He met Mildred a few blocks from the Phillips Street house. In her pretty, soft gown, with a tint of blue ribbon at neck and shoulder, she seemed so very young and lovable that Suggs' heart set up a disturbed double drum- ming. "I am glad you are here," she whis- pered. "I was afraid that something had happened to prevent it." "Nothing could prevent--that!" "Oh," she said faintly. Then: "Are we to go in now?" Yes, they were to go in, it being nearly time for Hawker to appear. Mildred had the key to the place. They entered the dim, old-fashioned back parlor, where they were to keep their vigil. Had either been alone it would have been dreary waiting--a trifle eerie, perhaps--but being together made all the difference in the world. They burned, too, with the gusty thrill of the man-hunter, a sensation that nothing else can counterfeit. At last the big clock in the corner church boomed twelve solemn, heavy strokes. Their ponderous reverbera- tions had scarcely ceased when the opening and closing of the front door sounded. Johnny peered hastily into 