The Weight of a Feather 85 body," he resumed, "you looked around the house and found to your surprise that with the exception of your own foot tracks, there were no tracks lead- ing to or from the house in any direc- tion. That was what first directed your suspicion against my client, wasn't it?" "It was. It stopped snowing at five o'clock the night before. He,--" here the constable pointed a heavy finger at the prisoner--"told me that the last time he saw his uncle alive was at ten o'clock the night before, when the old man was walking up and down outside the house, smoking. It did not snow after that," he added, triumphantly. "So you jumped to the conclusion that my client had murdered his uncle because there were no foot-tracks in the snow?" "I didn't jump at nothing," the wit- ness asserted with asperity. "It was clear that the man who killed old Sar- gent had never left the house--unless he came and went by aeroplane," he added with sarcasm." "And then, being that my client was the only other occupant of the house, besides the dead man," the colonel went on, imperturbably, "you decided that he had killed his uncle, and arrested him on the spot, on your own responsibility, and without a warrant?" "Well, I wasn't going to give him a chance to make a get-away," the con- stable defended. "Very thoughtful of you, Ed." the counsel drawled. "That'll be all." III When the witness had resumed his post at the door, the colonel said, turn- ing to the court: "It has been pointed out by the prose- cution that my client was Mr. Sargent's only heir. That an estate of something like a hundred thousand dollars would come to him upon his uncle's death. That he is engaged to be married to a girl whom his uncle objected to, strong- ly, because of an old grudge against her father, which I think we are all familiar with," he added, with a glance about him. "My client has admitted that Mr. Sar- gent had forbidden him, under pains of disinheriting him, to even see the girl again. It has also been proven beyond a doubt that the two men quarreled a great deal of late--presumably over my client's choice of a wife." The prisoner and the girl exchanged glances of blank amazement. Even the prosecuting attorney moved, restlessly, in his chair. The judge frowned, pon- derously, and a murmur of disapproval passed over the spectators. The coun- sel for the defense was apparently throwing up his hands and convicting his client all over again instead of de- fending him, and he, the counsel alone, seemed oblivious of this fact. He paused briefly, then went on in his lazy drawl: "Did it occur to the court that a man with as many good reasons for commit- ting this murder as my client had, would be a' fool--nay, insane--to do so ? He would automatically sign his own death-warrant by such an act, and that if he was cunning enough to em- ploy the method suggested by the prose- cution, he would not possibly have over- looked the necessity of making a trail in the snow to and from the house. A trail would have been absolutely neces- sary to the success of his plan. By not doing so, would you have us believe that he deliberately planned that suspicion be directed toward him? It would have been an easy matter to have slipped on a pair of old shoes, and have walked down to the road and back again, and destroyed, or hidden the shoes after- wards. Even destroying the shoes would not have been necessary. The thaw would have enlarged the foot- prints to such an extent that identifica- 