100 A Track-and-a-Half of time. The police listened with amused grins to the strenuous denials and calmly locked up the quartet in separate cells to await arraignment on what seemed to all a clear case. III Returning toward Headquarters on a street car, Harbin and Harrison heard an excited hail from the opposite track and recognized Detective Kelso as he swung to the pavement and joined them on the sidewalk. "They've traced the gun," he an- nounced hurriedly. "It's Bill Evans's. June Jennings bought, it across the river a month ago. She's been packin' it for him. That's what they've got her for--gun moll, sabe? Come on and we'll get her." "Where? Get her where?" demanded Harbin of Kelso, who was already hailing another car. "Bill Evans's room," spluttered Kel- so. "Just got a flash she was seen going into the house. Hurry up"; and the three clambered aboard to continue Kelso's journey. Kelso had been there before and knew the place. Running noiselessly up the stairs of the rooming house, the three hurled themselves at the door and burst it in at the second shove to con- front an astounded young woman who grabbed frantically at her throat. Harri- son seized her wrist and, forcing open her clenched fingers, disclosed a dia- mond brooch she had torn from her waist. Twelve diamonds, set in plati- num, it fitted to a T the description of one article of the Garrison loot. "Great Gosh, this is the plant!" ejaculated Kelso hoarsely. "Search the dump. The other stuff's here, surer than hell." While Harrison clung to June Jen- nings the other two swiftly and thor- oughly searched the room. Almost at once Harbin chuckled in added delight. In a tin of smoking tobacco his fingers encountered something hard and drew forth another one of the Garrison jewels--a ruby-and-diamond ring. But Kelso found nothing and the three turned again to the flame-faced girl. "Where's the rest of the stuff?" they demanded. "Where's the pearl neck- lace? Where did you get that brooch? Where's the plant?" "Leggo my arm," was the defiant reply. "Howdje get that way? That brooch was given to me by a friend of mine. If it was stolen, I didn't know it. Prove it was, if you can, and take it. I was wearing it, wasn't I? You can't do nothing to me for taking pres- ents from a friend." "Who gave it to you?" demanded Kelso. "Bill Evans gave it to you." "That skunk? Why he wouldn't--" the girl began, then stopped and changed her tone. "Perhaps he did and perhaps he didn't," she concluded. "When did you see Bill last?" asked Harbin quietly. "Not since--" Again the girl stopped her reply--"this morning." "Where's the necklace?" demanded Harrison with a shake of her arm. "He hasn't given me that--yet," the girl replied and laughed in the detec- tive's face. With a snort of anger Kelso sud- denly dashed across the single cheaply furnished room and seized the knob of a door in the corner. A bare closet was revealed as he flung it open, but fastened to the wall and reaching to a skylight was a narrow ladder, placed there to conform to the fire laws. A scraping noise caused him to look up just in time to see vanishing through a door in the glass one trousered leg that undoubtedly belonged to a man who had lingered perilously long to hear what was going on after the detectives burst into Bill Evans's room. 