16 Exterior to the Evidence although May was nearly over, a bright fire of pine logs was sending out an inviting crackle. "Now, my dear?" he said quietly. "What's it all about?" Letty had made up her mind to tell Mr. Getherfield everything, and nar- rated the whole story of the events of the afternoon, from the time of her meeting with Marston Stanbury to her recent encounter with Pike, and Mr. Getherfield listened in silence, only nod- ding his old head now and then at cer- tain passages. "What does it all mean, Godfather?" asked Letty in the end. "Don't you think I've cause to be anxious--and unhappy ?" Old Getherfield laughed softly, and turning to his desk, drew a cigar-case to him and selected a cigar: "Only about one thing, my dear," he answered, as he began to smoke--"only about one thing!" "What?" demanded Letty. "I don't like that young man Pike knowing so much about your father's affairs," said Mr. Getherfield. "That's not well! Now, though Pike has been at the Old Mill so long that he couldn't fail to know a good deal, your father ought not to have let him get as much knowledge as he evidently possesses. Pike is a sly fellow, my dear!--and I'm surprised that he was as candid as he was with you tonight. It looks to me as if he knew rather more--perhaps a good deal more--than he revealed. But of course he does--men of that sort never tell all they know." "Oh, you don't think he knows more about father's affairs?" exclaimed Letty. "He may," answered Mr. Getherfield. "Probably he was paving the way this evening, thinking that next time he had the chance of a tete-a-tete with you he'd tell you more--if you let him. Have a care of that fellow, Letty! Your father's kept Pike too long. He knows too much. But as regards the rest--" "Yes--the rest!" said Letty eagerly. "That's what's bothering me!" "Has nothing struck you ?" asked the old man, with an almost whimsical smile. - "Think!--a locked room into which nobody but your father goes-- money going out otherwise than for strictly business purposes--a secret, to be revealed to somebody who's lent some of the money--why, of course, the whole thing's plain enough! And you can't see it?" "I see nothing!" replied Letty. The old man waved his cigar and laughed. "Why, you father's inventing some- thing!" he said. "That's it! Years be- fore you were born, my dear, your father spent time, thought, money, prodigally, in trying to perfect a cer- tain invention--he gave it up then, after spending a fortune over it, because he came to the conclusion that it was pre- mature. But I happened to know that he always meant to return to it, and I should say that he has returned! Leave him alone--he'll come out all right. All the same, I wish he hadn't borrowed money from Sir Cheville Stanbury. Why didn't he come to me ?" Letty's eyes had grown bigger and bigger during this explanation, and at its conclusion she heaved a sigh of in- tense relief. "Oh, do you really think that's it!" she exclaimed. "Of course, that would account for everything! But--would so much money go into a mere invention ?" Mr. Getherfield laughed drily and patted the girl's head. "Bless your innocence!" he said. "There's one man within twenty miles of us, now a peer of the realm, who spent three hundred thousand pounds over a machine before he got it to be what he wanted! Oh, yes, my dear, invention is--a sink down which you 