Treat yourself at home The new, amazing source of energy, health and beauty Complete Outfit $12.50 for Asthma Boils Blackheads Catarrh Colds Eczema Falling Hair Hay Fever Headache Insomnia Lumbago Nervousness Neuralgia Paralysis Pimples Rheumatism Skin Diseases Sore Throat and other ailments IF you have less than perfect health you are sub-normal! If you will take the advice of thousands of leading medical men and famous beauty specialists, you will re-vitalize and tone up the muscles, nerves and tissues of your body through VI-REX VIOLET RAY treatments. You will enjoy unlimited energy and interest in your sur-roundings ; your wonderful health will be proclaimed to all by the healthy glow of your skin, the sparkling brightness of your eyes, the beauty, grace and ease of motion of your body. VIOLET RAY TREATMENTS will preserve or restore for you these choicest gifts of Nature. 10 days free trial Because the VI-REX is the most scientific, most effective and best-built machine made, we know that it will give vou the MAXIMUM RESULTS obtainable from the use of VIOLET RAYS. The Vi-Rex was the original electrical-medical .machine for home use. It has been perfected by years of experiment and study and is the most reliable machine on the market. In ten days you will be thoroughly convinced of the benefits you are receiving from these treatments. Therefore, we want you to make this experiment ENTIRELY AT OUR RISK, and will give you a full 10-days free trial of our machine on request. Send for copy of our elaborate book. No charge On demonstration at Chicago Office and at 17 W. 34th St., N. Y. Learn why your vitality is low, why you have pains, aches and ills! The remarkable book we have recently published contains charts and diagrams of the nervous system, and organic locations, and fully describes the beneficial results to be derived from VI-REX VIO-LET RAY TREATMENTS. We will send you this book without charge. Clip this coupon and mail it today. Vi-Rex Electric Co. Dept. 1408 326 W. Madison Street CHICAGO VI-REX ELECTRIC CO., Dept. 1408 326 West Madison St., Chicago, Ill. Please send me, without any cost or obliga-tion, your free book describing your Vi-Rex Violet Ray Outfit, and details of your free trial offer. NAME.................................. ADDRESS............................... CITY...................STATE.......... CHARLES FRANCIS PRESS, NEW YORK 