Exterior to the Evidence 13 with the necessary solution. Something in the way in which he clapped the patch on the puncture and held it there seemed to denote his grip of things. "There's some queer secret about Mr. Etherton, Miss Letty," he said suddenly, in his quietest manner, "I don't know where the money goes! I mean--P don't know where a lot of it's gone, this last year or two. I'm uneasy. You mightn't think ft,'but I've a fondness for your father. He's always been very good to me. To be sure, I've served him well, but he's been a kind employer. And, frankly, I don't know what's up! He draws big sums for something or other--and I don't know what he's doing with it. But, it isn't going into the business, I know that. You're uneasy yourself," he added, with a suddenly sharp glance. "You know you are!" "Mr. Pike!" said Letty. "Did you overhear the end of that talk between my father and Sir Cheville? Did you hear my father say that, after all, he'd have to take Sir Cheville into his con- fidence?" "I heard that," replied Pike. "Have you any idea what he meant ?" asked Letty. "Not the least idea," affirmed Pike. "But I can tell you this. In the old part of the mill your father has a room into which nobody's ever admitted. They'd have a job to get in! About two years ago he'd a special door made for that room. It's sheeted with iron; it's sound-proof; it's got a patent double lock. And when your father took Sir Cheville out of the office this afternoon, they went tn the direction of that room." "But--but what does my father want with such a room ?" exclaimed Letty. "It sounds like a secret--" "There is a secret," said Pike. "He spends most of his time in that room. What doing, I don't know. But then, I don't know everything. I never go into those parts of the place--my work's in the office. All I know is that money's going somewhere as it oughtn't to. Piles of money, Miss Letty! And it isn't paid by cheque, either. Your father keeps drawing big sums in cash --and what he does with it, Heaven knows, I don't! Just now, for in- stance--" "Well ?" demanded Letty, as Pike paused, evidently uncertain whether he ought to say more. "What? As you've said so much, you may as well say everything." "Well, he'd be glad of ready money at the moment," continued Pike. "I know that! The business is all right, or would be if it weren't for this drain on it. However, after all, it's not my concern, and I daresay I oughtn't to nave said as much as I have said just now. Still, you asked me. And of course, you're bothered. And so am I. You see, I've had ideas, notions--you might call them dreams, Miss Letty." The punctured tube was mended by this time, and Pike's lithe fingers were adjusting it to the wheel. There was something almost fascinating in the strength of those apparently fragile fingers, and Letty could not keep her eyes off them as they went about their work. "Yes--dream!" said Pike, with a final pressure of the slim finger-tips. "What sort of dreams ?" asked Letty, curious to know what he meant, and contrasting his somewhat odd face and figure with his soft, suave voice. "I shouldn't have fancied you were a dreamer, Mr. Pike." "You can't always tell by appear- ances," said Pike. He leaned his tall figure towards her, resting his hands on the bars of his bicycle, and Letty noticed for the first time that he had curi- ously green eyes which scintillated in a strange manner. "Most people who 