Exterior to the Evidence 7 prise her father at his desk, when she heard voices in the next room, and knew that Lucas was there talking with Sir Cheville. There was nothing in that, but there was something in the words she caught which pulled her up sharply and sent the blood flushing hotly to her brown cheeks. "Dishonourable!" Sir Cheville Stan- bury was saying in loud, angry tones. "No other word for it! You're treating me in a dishonourable fashion--a highly dishonourable fashion. That's plain truth, Mr. Etherton." Letty felt her heart throb painfully as she waited for her father to speak. She had no impulse of retreating; after what she had heard, her one instinct was to stay where she was. There was trouble here, and bad trouble, and her father had no one in the world but herself. It seemed a long time before Lucas spoke. She heard a movement, as if he were shifting or rearranging books or papers on the desk at which she knew he would be seated; it appeared to suggest that he wanted to gain time, or as if he felt at a loss for words. "There are--well--various ways--of regarding it," said Lucas Etherton. "It depends how--how you look at it." Letty heard a hasty, half-suppressed exclamation from Sir Cheville -- it seemed to express contempt as much as to show irritation. "Pshaw!" he said. "There is only one way of looking at it. You come to me a year ago, as a neighbour, and tell me that owing to certain trading rea- sons, which I, of course, didn't ask you to explain, you were temporary short of ready money, and asked for a loan of five thousand pounds. I gave you a cheque for that amount there and then--with pleasure, and without even so much as asking for an acknowledg- ment. I naturally expected you to re- turn my money as soon as your tem- porary embarrassment was over. A year has passed--you haven't given me back one penny! Yet your mill goes on working--you are turning out quan- tities of goods--you seem to be going on as, to my knowledge, you have gone on for many a long year. What does it all mean?" Letty's heart was beating like a sledge- hammer on an anvil by this time. Here, then, was the trouble of which she had had some foreboding, at which she had hinted to Marston. In the silence which followed upon Sir Cheville's direct ques- tion, she stole gently to the curtain which separated her from the two men and looked cautiously into the room beyond. One glance was sufficient to make her more puzzled than before. Her father sat at his desk, his chair tilted back, his long legs crossed; the toe of his right boot was quietly kicking the big waste-paper basket in front of him. But what puzzled his daughter more than this attitude was the fact that the upward twitch of his moustache showed that Lucas Etherton was smiling--smil- ing, so it seemed, at his own thoughts. Yet--how could a man smile who had just been called dishonourable, to his very face ? She glanced from him to the old baro- net. At any other time she would have been amused. Sir Cheville Stanbury was noted in Lithersdale as being a dandy, and the best-dressed man in the neighbourhood, but Letty had never seen him in such gay garments before, and she wondered if his festive appear- ance had anything to do with his en- gagement to Mile, de Coulanges, the fascinating governess at the vicarage. Sir Cheville was a spare, medium-sized man, who made the most of every one of his inches and held himself invariably square and erect. Everything about him was naturally aggressive--the glance of his eye, the 