The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome 83 acquaintance then ripened into a quiet friendship. What I am most conscious of having gathered from him is beauty; beauty in the commonplace ; beauty in the song of a sparrow ; beauty in the drowsy hum of the city's impersonal noises. Nathaniel Broome changed my out- look upon life until we together saw "no longer blinded by our eyes." The low, quiet tone of his magnetic voice lent a magic to his strange un- usualness; his great, expressive hands shaping the gestures of his speech. When I listened to him talking I seemed to be swept up, enveloped in his personality. I felt as a child must feel when a playful senior stoops and smoth- ers it in the skirts of his overcoat. I felt helpless, yet cared for. I was strangely happy. And, more than his voice, his eyes, always his eyes, sometimes a little ter- rifying to me even now, held the secret fascination of his remarkable character. That immobile face; that calm, in- scrutable Buddha. Behind his huge, hom-rimmed spectacles those great, kindly eyes of his beamed in gentle mer- riment at some jest or some quaint con- ceit of his fancy. He showed me once the portrait of a young girl--a dark-haired, hauntingly beautiful child. "My daughter," he replied to my look of inquiry, putting the photograph back into the drawer of his writing-table. I knew that he was a widower and, for some reason, by his manner perhaps, I supposed that his daughter was dead, too. Naturally, I did not press him for these confidences. The subject seemed to move him so deeply that, after he had once spoken, I had never volun- tarily mentioned it of my own accord. If he told me about himself it was be- cause he felt the need of companion- ship, the want of a sympathetic ear. III One morning--it was a holiday, one of those rare occasions when one is per- mitted to enjoy the meagre privilege of seeing his home surroundings by the unfamiliar light of day--Mrs. Muzzard rapped sharply at my door. "Mr. Scrimgeour, for heaven's sake come and see what can have happened to Mr. Broome. I've knocked and knocked at his door, but I can't get no answer." "He's probably asleep still," I re- plied. "I wouldn't disturb him yet, Mrs. Muzzard." "Oh, Mr. Scrimgeour, I don't think he's asleep! Please come and try to get him to talk to you. I'm . . . ter- ribly frightened of him and those creepy eyes of his. You mark my words, Mr. Scrimgeour, there's something uncanny about that terrible man! Oh, why did I ever let him have me room! Why did I ever let him come into me house? Him with his strange ways, talking to de- parted sperits all night long!" "Nonsense, Mrs. Muzzard. You mustn't let all this newspaper talk get the better of your good, Irish common sense!" "I know what I know, Mr. Scrim- geour, him with his wide-brimmed hats and his shaded lamps! Skulking around like an old mole afraid to show his face in the light o' day! That man has a guilty secret!" she whispered melodra- matically into my ear. "Oh, I see!" I laughed. "That ex-, plains it! Nathaniel Broome is a mys- terious bandit--cut-throat--murderer, masquerading incognito." "I don't know what he's in, Mr. Scrimgeour, and I don't say he's no murderer nor nothing. All I got to say, and if it was over me dead body I'd say it--that man's hiding from the police!" I laughed aloud as much at the ab- surd melodramatics as at the idea of my 