68 Daughter of the Pigeon jasmine. "Your head hit a rock--and I was afraid ..." "You saved me, Tahaiupehii?" I asked. "I saw you as you dived from above --knew that you had done it to save me from Habuhamo's men. After you were hurt I swam with you to this cave under the waterfall." I looked about me. A grim, loath- some place. I imagined there were creeping things upon the rock floor. But it was sanctuary. "You were very brave," I commend- ed, wondering how I was going to ac- quaint her with the truth. My vision was becoming better regu- lated now, and with the aid of the pale light that filtered through the liquid curtain I could see her tawny face. Daughter of the Pigeon--less than, seventeen, I knew, a symphony of the world's sorrow, a living symbol of that tragic isle to which she belonged. "How did you happen here, Men- ike?" she questioned. "White men rarely come to Taoha any more. . . So I told her then--told her of my swim to the island and the discovery of Red Moon in the sea-chest in the Cave of the Laughing Lepers; told her of the death of her boy-lover near the paepae of Mahuma, and the finding of her father's body in the bamboo room. Man is ever crude in the presence of bereavement, and my words must have been dagger-thrusts. She wept ... of course. Father and lover in a night. And as she sat there, drenched with spray, clad only in the dripping fareu, a tragically lovely figure, she re- called to me a field of lilies that I had once seen . . . just before the dawn, when the dew was upon their chaste petals. "Be calm, O Tahaiupehii," I en- joined gently, endeavoring to invest my sympathy in the words. "You are still in danger. Tell me, is anyone else aware of this cave?" "I do not know, Menike." "If it is unknown to Habuhamo's men they will think us drowned--but if it is known--they will come after us --or wait...." Her small hand was still in mine and I felt her shudder. "Ah, I cannot stay here--in this darkness--thinking of Red Moon and my father! We must dive under the waterfall and swim for the sea!" I doubted the wisdom of such action and expressed my opinion, to which she replied: "We cannot discover if Habuhamo's men are waiting by re- maining here--and if they know of the cave and come after us--then the chances for escape will be less.'' I thought of Cleaves and the men-- probably searching the island for me, and said, "My friends are somewhere on Taoha--and if we can make the sea --in the event Habuhamo's men are waiting--" "Only for your safety do I care," she broke in. "You exposed yourself to danger for me, but I-- All that I ever cared for is gone. Let another page of the history of this doomed island be written--in my blood--for rather than submit to Habuhamo I would kill my- self." I felt a bit hysterical; I wanted to laugh. Such odds. Three islanders, probably searching the island for mg, girl and me. It might have been rare sport had she not been there, but her presence gave the situation a horrid twist. "Come, Menike," I heard her say. "Let us go. This place stifles me--" It burned me to think of Habuhamo alive. I wished that I had used the knife upon his corrupt body. . . . "Very well, Tahaiupehii," I agreed after a moment; "swim under water as far as you can--and stay ahead of 