6 The Prisoner Speaks shorter by three or four hours either way. CHAPTER III It was only after the house and neighborhood had been searched re- peatedly that the weapon which had been used was discovered. This diffi- culty and delay had been due, as in Poe's "Purloined Letter," to the object sought being concealed by its very ob- viousness. Credit must be given to the prosecuting attorney, who personally was assisting the sheriff and local po- lice in their investigations, for finding the heavy artillery sabre. It hung in plain view above the mantelpiece of the living-room, immediately under a crayon portrait of Harriet Smith, even this work of "art" not being able to de- stroy her reputation for fascinating beauty. The prosecuting attorney had been gazing fixedly at this portrait of the murdered woman, with an expression on his face that might have been in- spired by a feeling of the stern retribu- tive justice he was called upon to en- force, or, possibly only of sorrow that such awful tragedy should snuff out the life of so charming a woman. What- ever his personal emotion, it gave way to his official keenness of observation when his eye fell upon the ornament that had reverted to its original pur- pose, the destruction of human life. This reversion was not apparent, how- ever, as there was nothing in its ap- pearance, as it rested in its usual place upon the wall, to indicate that it had been disturbed since it first had been hung from the picture molding. Jus- tice may be blind, but the prosecuting attorney, as her advocate, was not, even to the possession, it would seem, of a power of penetration not given to ordi- nary mortals. When the sheriff attempted to pull the blade from its scabbard it stuck for a moment and then came free with a jerk. It was at once apparent that the resistance was due to the blood with which it was thickly covered. It was evident that no attempt to remove this had been made by the murderer. He had been either too callous or too hur- ried to do more than return the sabre to its scabbard and replace it upon the wall. A closer examination also dis- closed the fact that the sword was not, as is usual, dull according to army reg- ulations, but had been sharpened to a keen, cutting edge. It was the marked curve of this blade, peculiar to old-style artillery sabres, that had been respon- sible for the first assumption that the wounds had been made with an axe. The prosecuting attorney also was responsible for the further discovery, in a closet on the second floor, of a pair of low canvas shoes and a pair of heavy cotton work gloves. The ownership of these articles was acknowledged by Samuel Smith, the accused, when con- fronted with them during the trial. All four of these pieces of wearing apparel had been so literally soaked with blood that comment was made, by one of the deputy sheriffs, that "he must have dab- bled them in it." During the trial it was stated by the prosecution, and not contradicted by the defense, that these had been worn by the murderer--the rubber-soled shoes to enable him to creep upon his victim silently, the gloves to prevent tell-tale finger marks. The failure to destroy these damning pieces of evidence was ascribed to carelessness and misplaced confidence upon the part of the prisoner in being able to prove an alibi. Nothing further was deemed neces- sary by the officials to warrant the ar- rest of Samuel Smith on the charge of having murdered his wife. This arrest accordingly was made on the afternoon of the fourteenth of November, when 