Hankenson's Perfect Crime 121 should be killed in the field and by his own gun? But how? It took Hankenson several weeks to decide this point. Here, as before, de- tails were mentally discussed, cata- logued and discarded. The solution was finally reached through the applica- tion of chemistry. And, having arrived at a decision, Hankenson applied him- self vigorously and with his usual painstaking thoroughness to the task of putting the affair through to a success- ful conclusion. In an obscure drug store in another city he purchased a small bottle of nitric acid. Several weeks later he motored to the metropolis, a hundred miles dis- tant, in order to secure fifteen cents' worth of sulphuric acid. Laying both purchases aside, he waited several weeks, finally finding occasion to make a trip to a third town, where he bought a bottle of glycerin. He now had the ingredients to manufacture enough nitro-glycerin to blow up a regiment-- all purchased in such a way that suspi- cion could never be traced to him. But he was wary. The time was not yet ripe. There was always the chance that some over-alert clerk might, through some unforeseen circumstance, remember his face and connect him with the purchase of one of the chemi- cals. It was best to wait until the memory of his small purchases faded from their minds. It was lack of at- tention to such small details that had caused others to be caught. In his case nothing was too tiny to be overlooked. His was a brain that could foresee all contingencies. Six weeks passed before he was ready to act. One day while visiting O'Hearn's bachelor apartments he man- aged to pocket half a dozen shells such as his cousin used in his favorite gun. Again he waited for weeks to see if the theft was noticed. Finding that it was not, he proceeded to carefully draw the wads from three of the shells, uncrimp- ing the edges in such a way that it would not be noticed. He even wore gloves to avoid tell-tale finger-prints. Pouring out the charges of powder and shot, he poured into the empty shells enough nitro-glycerin--which he compounded from his chemicals--to make small bombs out of each, replaced the wads, and, turning back the edges carefully, he looked over his handiwork. To all appearances the shells were identical with their mates. Yet when the hammer struck the cap it would create an explosion sufficient to tear the very head off of the unfortunate O'Hearn. The terrific jar would ex- plode the other shells and the remaining evidence would be destroyed. Naturally, as Hankenson knew, there would be an inquiry. But as a method of committing a murder it was so unique that it would never be suspected. Instead, the company which manufac- tured the cartridges would be blamed. Accidents are always likely to happen in powder factories. In the end the coroner's jury would decide that some- thing had gone wrong with the formula when the powder was made. He, as O'Hearn's next of kin, would bring suit against the manufacturers and the lat- ter, for their own protection, wdld set- tle as speedily as possible in order to avoid unnecessary publicity. He next poured the acid and glycerin down the sewer. The bottles in which the chemicals came he broke into small pieces and buried in the ashes. Thus he covered his tracks as he went along. The hunting season opened next day. He and O'Hearn had made all arrange- ments to leave early in the morning for a forenoon's sport among the ducks. A large party of friends was to accom- pany them. The friends were to be the necessary witnesses. Waiting until late in the evening, he 