110 Two Bells Boy, "they knocked me in the head, 'Poleon Moncrief and another . . . I couldn't see his face, but he said--" "Tell me later," cut in Cardigan. "We haven't time now; the ship's sink- ing. . V . Can you walk? . . . I'll help you. . . The mate half-dragged The Boy along the passage and into the main cabin; here he set him on his feet and thrust him toward the vague gray light in the companionway. As The Boy began the ascent, cling- ing to the rail, he heard a crash behind him, a ripping and splintering of broken timbers, and, looking back, he saw something long and dark, the shape of a spar, plunge from aloft and smite Cardigan on the head. With a splash the first mate sank beneath the ugly water in the cabin. The Boy shrieked. For an instant he stood motionless, paralyzed, then stumbling down the stairs he groped in the flood for the body. Almost instant- ly he was rewarded. With trembling fingers he sought the heart. It was beating. He laughed hysterically and began to drag the limp form after him. Midway up the companion-stairs he was brought to a standstill by a sound below, a half croak and half shriek: "On deck, you lubbers! . . . Sahib hai! . He understood. Kerachi, the parra- keet, was down there in that black hole --but he could not go back until he had carried Cardigan to safety. A form suddenly blotted out the square of foggy gray light that defined the companion. Following that Eng- lish Charlie's voice called, "Mr. Cardi- gan !" "Here!" answered The Boy. "For God's sake take him! He was hit by a spar! . . . I've got to go back--after the parrakeet!" As he turned to descend the cockney gripped his shoulder. "Come back, yeh blarsted little fool! You'll be drowned--" But The Boy broke away and plunged down into the cabin. A hush that seemed intensified rather than ruptured by the dull, ominous pounding of the waves against the sod- den hull brooded in the bowels of the vessel--as if the very timbers of the stricken brig were smitten dumb with dreadful expectancy. It corrupted The Boy with terror, this hush, but he forced himself1 to stagger through the water into the flooded passage amidships. Ahead, the bulkhead door hiccoughed yellow light. It gave warmth to his chilled soul, and in another instant he reached the en- trance to the fo'castle. The slush-lamp lay against the beam, spluttering feebly with every heave of the vessel. The foul hole was half-in- undated and a great wound in the port bulwarks bled a steady stream of sea water. "Kerachi!" called The Boy, search- ing in the flood for the little bird. As if answering him, the parrakeet, perched upon the top of the furthest bunk, croaked: "Chota hazri sahibs. . . ." Then a thing occurred that drew The Boy's heart into his throat: a human hand rose suddenly from behind an overturned table that floated near the second bulkhead door . . . clawed at the air . . . sank. "Help . . pleaded a faint voice. "A spar . . . pinned me here . . . in the passage door. . . . I'm killed unless. . . The blood in The Boy's veins seemed for the moment sucked up. The voice! Pain had weakened it to scarce- ly above a whisper, but he recognized it, this voice that he would remember until Death wiped free his brain. "I'm coming!" he answered, suffused with fright and joy. 