108 Two Bells titanic shock hurled him flat upon his back. The fall partially stunned him,, and as he lay there trying to marshal his scattered faculties the bow of the vessel seemed to leap up, rolling him against the cabin bulkhead. Following that loose objects tumbled down; glass shattered. After a moment of struggle, Cardi- gan succeeded in getting to his feet. Finding himself in darkness, he real- ized that the lamp had been broken. A splotch of misty light showed him the companionway, and, slipping and stumbling across the slanting floor, he groped his way to the foot of the stairs, where his outstretched hands found the brass rail.. . : . He ascended. On deck charging billows broke in white foam over the gunwale, sweeping angrily against the cabins and masthead. It seemed a deathless period to Car- digan before he reached the break of the poop; here he gripped the ladder and looked over his shoulder at the wreckage. The bow ' was thrust up into the throat of the fog, the stern so deeply sunk that the main-chains dipped, while a list to the port permitted the sea free entrance through a tear in the bulwarks. She had evidently struck with tremen- dous force; the forward mast was down and the deck, below the fore-poop, in splinters where broken spars had crashed through. He grasped the situation instantly, realizing the urgency of keeping a cool head. The bows were jammed between the rocks and at any moment the wounded .ship might slide back off the reefs--- His teeth snapped shut and he climbed the ladder. As he stood up- right on the poop-deck, peering into the mist that masked the remote end of the vessel, a vague shape slid across the timbels at him. Instantly he saw that it was a man and tried to steady him- self for the encounter that he knew was unavoidable. Instead of the jar that he expected, a smashing blow was delivered full in his face, and with mingled surprise and pain he realized that it was an attack rather than a collision. The moment he hit the deck he was up again, send- ing his fist into a yielding paunch. The figure went down without a cry, doubled in a knot. For a moment Cardigan stood above his antagonist, waiting for him to rise; then, believing him rendered breathless by the blow, he bent over to ascertain the identity. He had no sooner aban- doned his guard than he regretted it, for the knotted form straightened out and sprang at him--but not too swiftly for him to see the swarthy face of 'Pol- eon Moncrief. "So you're the traitor aboard!" bel- lowed Cardigan. "You killed-" Once more they came together* This time they clinched; went to the slant- ing deck, rolling over and over until they struck the rail, where the force of the impact, separated them. Leaping to his feet, Cardigan stood ready, and when the boatswain rose a well-aimed blow between the eyes sent him reeling against the gunwale. He crumpled up. The first mate bent swiftly and gripped him about the waist; lifted him and hurled him, claw- ing and kicking, overboard. As the body of Moncrief was swal- lowed by the fog Cardigan staggered back against the wheel. His heel en- countered an object, and looking down he saw the Polynesian, Wajo, stretched out beside the wheel grating. He dropped on his knees to examine the body, and at this juncture someone scrambled over the break of the poop, looming tall and sinister in the mist. "Mr. Cardigan?" The voice be- longed to Stearns. "The whole bow's 