Exterior to the Evidence 61 "Tell him nowt!" he growled. "He's no power to ax you questions ; now, at any rate. Say nowt to him--I shan't!" "We'll see about that, my lad!" said Marrows. "Come now, missis !" "Tak' no notice on him, I tell yer!" exclaimed Madgwick. He gave a glance of disdain at Stones and changed it to one of sullen anger as ha regarded Weathershaw, who was watching him from across the table. "Ye've no power to ax questions, Marrows!" he said in- solently. "I know t' law as well as ye do. It's that theer damned feller 'at's setten ye lot on--I thowt he wor a spy when Etherton browt him into t' mill. And ye're on t' wrong game--we've nowt to do wi' t' owd man's death, and niwer had. So theer!" "What were you and this chap doing on the moor on Monday night, with bits of cloth over your faces?" asked Mar- rows quietly. "That's a question you'll find it difficult to answer, my lad!" No one knew better than Marrows that this was a shaft drawn and -dis- charged at a venture. But it went home :--Madgwick's face fell, in spite of his bravado; as for Stones, he grew paler still, and a cry half-escaped his lips. Madgwick twisted quickly in his chair and glared at him. "Ho'd thi damned whist!" he growled. "Who says we were on t' moor wi' cloth on our faces ?" he demanded, turning to the superintendent. "Ye've invented that--I know your ways!" "Now then!" said Marrows, suddenly changing his tone to one of peremptory decision. "You were both of you pack- ing up your clothes and things an hour ago. Where are their things, missis? Upstairs ? All right--if- that's the atti- tude you're going to take, Madgwick, I'll have your things and you taken straight off to Hallith waite. But--I'm giving you a chance to speak because I think there's somebody behind you!" "Tell you we've nowt to do wi't' owd man's death!" asserted Madgwick. "I know no more of how t' owd chap came to his end at them rocks than Sir Mars- ton does!" "Aye, but there's something you do know," retorted Marrows. "Come, now!" "I know this!" said Madgwick. "I know 'at t' law doesn't allow t' police to threaten folk!" "If there's somebody behind you, as I believe there is," said Marrows, "I'm giving you a chance to save your own necks. But if--" A sudden strange interruption came from the other side of the table. Stones, who had never ceased to show signs of a nervousness almost amounting to ter- ror since the entrance of the police, sud- denly lost control of himself and burst into tears. "I tell'd thee it 'ud all come out!" he blubbered, letting his head drop on his folded arms. "Tha'd far better own up, and hev done wi' it." Madgwick's cheeks paled at that, but the pallor swiftly died away, to be re- placed by an angry flush. "Ye damned white-livered rat!" he hissed. "If I could--" "But you can't, my lad!" interrupted Marrows, keeping a watchful eye on his man's movements. "And you'd better realize that the game's up--you're going to Hallith waite, both of you, anyway. But if there's somebody else--" Madgwick turned his angry face on Stones. It was evident to everybody that the younger man's nerve had gone; he continued to moan and sob and to roll his head about between his arms. "I wish I'd brokken thy neck, Stones, afore ever I took thee on for a job like this!" said Madgwick, after a long look at his accomplice. "Damn thee for a coward! Well," he went on, raising his voice and looking defiantly at those around him, "I reckon 'at if I don't tell what there is to tell, this here feller will! 