The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh 51 He mounted the rotting porch steps, the boards creaking under his weight. The branches of the trees, moved by a breeze, rustled against the weather- boarding of the old house. "A fine, cheerful place at night, I'll bet," he muttered. "Somehow this be- gins to get on my nerves." The door which led into the tiny re- ception hall was ajar. From this old- fashioned entrance were three doors leading into as many rooms. As he opened the sagging door to the right, Dr. Lake paused in startled bewilder- ment, wondering if his imagination was playing him a trick. The wall between two rooms had been ripped out, making of them one long apartment. The debris, chunks of plastering and scraps of lath, still lit- tered the floor. Across the length of the enlongated room had been laid what seemed a miniature railway track, pea-haps half the width of a standard gauge railroad. The light steel rails were bolted to heavy pieces of lumber which served as cross-ties. Resting on the rails were two cars, about seven feet in height, apparently constructed of steel. From where he stood in the doorway, Dr. Lake could see the facing end of one of the cars; from it protruded hundreds of sharp points, almost needle-like in their sharp- ness. "Now wouldn't this stump you!" ex- claimed the doctor. "I'll say that is a queer business--damned queer!" In a confusion of uncertainty he ad- vanced cautiously. The steel cars stood perhaps five feet apart. As he stepped nearer another gasp of surprise escaped his lips. The end of one of the cars, hidden from view until this moment, was caved in; the gaping hole exposed a crude framework of light lumber. "Just a toy," mused Dr. Lake. "Pa- pier mache, or I miss my guess--just cardboard painted to look like steel." He examined the sharp steel points; they bent back harmlessly at the touch of his finger--also merely cardboard. Closer examination showed, geared to the rear wheels of both cars, a toy motor such as might have delighted the heart of a child at Christmas time. The electric current for the motors was supplied by two wires which ran along the floor and connected with the track. The wires led to the wall and contact was completed by means of a massive switch which might easily have carried a high-voltage current instead of the weak stream of electricity which was generated by the dozen dry-cell batteries hidden in an adjoining closet. Dr. Lake threw in the switch, the tiny motors hummed slowly and the mys- terious cars edged forward; edged is the proper word, for the motion was barely perceptible. The cars made a speed of only one foot per minute. "Huh! Nuttiest outfit I ever saw," Lake mused. "Dr. Waugh dead as a hammer and this--this damned foolish- ness--I wonder what the answer is?" As he slowly paced the floor, hands deep in his pockets and his face creased by thoughtful lines, he was suddenly aware of a further detail. Fastened from the ceiling was an iron ring and from the ring dangled a short length of rope, the end frayed as if parted under heavy strain. Fastened to the floor, in direct line with that in the ceiling, was another steel ring. The young doctor started suddenly. "By Jove!" he gasped. "Somebody was tied in the middle of that track-- feet to the floor, rope from his neck to the ceiling." He remembered the faint abrasion under Dr. Waugh's chin; a rope could have made that mark! "Great God! The fiends!" shouted Dr. Lake, his voice echoing through 