80 The Campaign for Vengeance Rita was duly humbled. "Won't you teach-- ?" "With pleasure, sweeth--stranger. Now there's the Morse Code, for in- stance. That's a system of communi- cation by means of dots and dashes which are used instead of letters. Your --friends--are undoubtedly acquainted with this code. But there are many ingenious ways of employing it. F'r example: there's the case of the old lady who sent a message in the Morse Code by embroidering it on the edge of a towel. Is that clear? She used French knots to indicate dots and a long straight stitch to indicate dashes. And the design she embroidered, spelled a sentence! Clever, wasn't it?" "I'll stay awhile," said Rita. "Mr. Nevins, will you teach me the Morse Code and some of the method which--?" "I sure will." An hour later, Nevins escorted Rita through his backyard into the kitchen of the house next door. The neighbor allowed Rita to walk out her front door. "Good night," called Nevins, "and remember your lesson." XII 'After her feeling of exhilaration because of her first signal triumph over The Mogul, Rita suffered a fit of de- pression and nausea. After all, one's natural impulses cannot be inhibited indefinitely. The whole business was repulsive to her. She began brooding over the Brad- shaw affair; she could not drive the tragedy from her memory. Although not directly responsible for this part of the regrettable affair, she felt that most of the blame was hers. And strangely enough, of all her as- sociates, Rudie Breen, who had crossed her, was the only one she could not bring herself to dislike. She could not explain this. It may have been some- thing about his eyes; generally they were bleary, but they were always calm, never shifty. Sometimes she caught in them an expression of utter resignation. He was a criminal, to be sure, but at times there was that about him which seemed to indicate that he was a child of Fate and aware of the tragedy of his life, but powerless--or perhaps too tired--to struggle against it. But all this did not cancel the fact of Bradshaw's death. In a moment of abject despair, Rita wrote a complete history of the sorry affair and mailed it in a sealed envelope to Nevins, suggesting that he hold it unopened six months and then turn it over to the district attorney. Rita, morbid with dread, self-re- proach and anxiety, determined to play the game desperately and swiftly. She decided that a furious offensive on her part might force The Mogul to strike back at her. She had a feeling that when he did strike, it would be directly and not through a medium. She would meet him face to face--what hap- pened then, lay in the hands of the gods--and Rita was not afraid. Accordingly, when Creighton in- formed her that on the following Saturday night a batch of new money was to be turned out at Wortz's, Rita at once wrote to Nevins, saying that nine o'clock would be a good time for a raid. Then, late Saturday afternoon, Creighton sprang a surprise. Rita had never been at Wortz's. Now Creighton coolly informed her that The Mogul had decided that she was to be used as a shover for awhile. "The money we're turning out would get by the U. S. Secretary of the Treasury himself. An attractive, prosperous-looking girl like you should have no trouble changing twenty-dollar bills." 