The Tell-Tale Band of Yellow 79 lock. The heavy, sound-proof door swung wide--r-then, following his en- trance, slammed shut behind him with a muffled clang. There came a blow at the base of his brain like the impact of a mighty hand --he staggered, stumbled, fell prone into a struggling, choking hell which took him by the throat, a rising tide en- gulfing him with an acrid and intoler- able stench. His gun barked, once, at the convulsive pressure of his finger. But it was a dead man who fired the shot. III Officer Williamson, passing on his beat through Varick Street, halted a moment before No. 32, a puzzled look on his broad, good-humored counte- nance, For a brief instant, head in air, he sniffed upward, like a pointer--then, his face gray, he reeled abruptly against an area gate, his hand at his throat, coughing like a man in a fit. His side-partner, turning the corner, as it chanced, at the sight of Williamson doubled over the area-gate, came on at a run, unslinging his pistol. "What's up, Jack?" he called; then he, too, halted in mid-career, falling to a stiff-legged walk, as an acrid stench smote him in the face in a blinding, overpowering flood. With his last re- maining glimmer of sense his fist crashed into the glass of a fire-box-- then he slumped into oblivion. After a moment cries echoed down the street, followed by the'clang and rattle of the patrol. Men came up at a run, halted, turned back--then, out of the confusion there arose the cry of "Gas!" But it was not until the arrival of the Rescue Squad that some order was ob- tained out of the chaos, when, follow- ing the arrival of the police and fire companies, the sufferers were treated with a vaporized solution of milk of magnesia,* and Williamson and his partner removed to the nearest hospital. But as for Detective Sergeant Sinsa- baugh--he was beyond their ministra- tions. * * * Gunson, Sinsabough's partner and friend,- was stubborn in his belief that it was not altogether an accident which had been responsible for the death of Sinsabaugh. "It was an accident, all right--but it was planned, I tell you, Chief," he was insisting to Inspector Murchison, his immediate superior. "If you're thinking of Masterman; Dave, you're all wrong, boy," replied Old Dan. "He's not in pn this?--how could he be? Anyway, you know what it was--th' gas-tank exploded in Thompson's warehouse next door, and--" "Well--that's vall right, - Chief; but how do you account for the fact--" "--That it got into Sinsabaugh's rooms first ? Why---that it smashed through the party wall--it is only, a few inches thick there, you know--and Sin- sabaugh's rooms were right up against it." "Sure, Inspector--but this is what I believe--" Gunson leaned forward earnestly, tapping his knee with a blunt forefinger. "I believe that someone-- Masterman, for a good guess--made that hole in the wall, pushed the tank through, and then smashed it open in Sinsabaugh's rooms, just a little while before poor Jim came home--to die." He paused. "Masterman knew all about tanks and gas--he was an expert--be- fore he turned yegg--an oxy-acetylene blowpipe would have done it--easy-- for him." The inspector grunted. "That's all very well, Dave," he made * Chlorine antidote. 