56 The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh "Under arrest!" he echoed. "What for?" "For the murder of Dr. Kensaw Ar- lington Waugh," declared John Lake. Graham took a grip on himself; he glanced at the stickpin in the doctor's tie and smiled. "I see," he said, smiling wryly, "you're rather clever. Well, suppose we go to the station and talk it over. I'll tell you about it--but it wasn't murder." III In the office of the Chief of Detec- tives sat the Chief, Dr. Lake and Justin Graham. The prisoner was, perhaps, the coolest of the three, for both the Chief and Lake were excitedly eager-- especially Lake., "I'm glad to get it off my mind; glad to get it all cleared up," Graham began without urging. "I'd better begin right at the beginning and tell you the whole thing. I'd be a fool to deny knowledge of the affair, for I read the newspaper accounts and I know that someone found and photographed my finger- prints; I suppose you still have them. It would be only silly for me to make a denial, for that would indicate that I have something to fear; I haven't." He paused and turned to Dr. Lake. "I remember you now from the pic- tures that appeared in the papers at the time; not very good pictures either. You are the doctor who first examined Dr. Waugh's body. You found no evi- dence of foul play, did you?" "You're the man who's being ques- tioned, not I," reminded Lake curtly. "Yes, that's true," agreed Graham with a short laugh. "But you didn't; you found no wound, no laceration, no evidence of a blow being struck, no poison, no diseased organism--nothing but failure of the heart to function. Isn't that true?" "Go ahead with your story," growled Lake. "I will," pursued Graham, "but I just wanted to remind you, in the be- ginning, that you are accusing me of murder when you have no evidence that a murder was committed." "We have evidence that something queer happened out at the Thatcher farm," said John Lake with spirit. "Yes, that's true, and I'm going to clear that up for you; it's a mighty queer business, as you say. Well, here goes; I'll make it as much to the point as possible. "On the sixth of June I was broke and hungry--starving. I could starve but I couldn't beg. My life was a failure; I was in debt. It began when I wandered out to Lincoln Park; I was walking along the lagoon and, as I came to a bridge a couple passed me; they were talking about the bridge. " 'That's "Suicide Bridge" and they're going to tear it down next month; more than fifty people have jumped from it since it was built during the Chicago World's Fair.' "Until that moment I had not thought of suicide, but the idea took hold of me and, try as I would, I could not shake it off. I tried to walk away from 'Sui- cide Bridge,' but the power of sugges- tion was too strong. A park police- man came along; 'Don't do it, buddy,' he said. I pretended that I didn't know what he meant and he went on. When he disappeared I began to climb the steps to the bridge. A voice behind me stopped me. "I turned around and there was a well-dressed man of about sixty, with a close-cropped vandyke beard, hurry- ing toward me--" "Dr. Waugh!" interjected Lake. "Exactly," agreed Graham. "I wait- ed for him to come up. " 'Why are you going to kill your- self?' he asked me. 