102 Two Bells when I returned a few minutes ago I found him dead--murdered." He paused to observe the effect of this announcement upon the men. Rows of sullen eyes looked up at him--eyes in which there was mingled fear and questioning. What a ghastly lot they looked, huddled there in the mist, thought Cardigan! "One of you"--he made a sweeping gesture with his bronzed hand--"one of you killed him. And I've called you here to ask if the guilty man is willing to confess and thus lighten his punish- ment, or, in the event a confession isn't forthcoming, if anyone knows anything that might be instrumental in locating the murderer." After a long silence England Charlie, third mate, a big, gaunt cockney, with a red face and red hands, spoke up: "You said one o' us wus th* murderer, sir, but 'ow d' we know you didn't croak 'im?" At this there was a murmur from the men. Encouraged, the cockney contin- ued. "You'd be th' one to benefit by 'is snuffin' it--an Hi arsks, 'ow d' we know you didn't send Jim orf ?" Cardigan met his gaze coolly and smiled. "You're justified in saying that," he admitted. "But I was at the wheel from six bells to four bells--and if any man aboard understands post mortem conditions he can examine the body and see that the skipper has been dead just about an hour-" "But you could 'ave lashed th' wheel," persisted English Charlie. Cardigan's jaw shot forward at an ugly angle. "Are you trying to accuse me, Charlie?" he demanded. There came no reply and he went on, "More than ever I'm determined to leave noth- ing undone to find the man who killed the captain--and as a first step every one shall submit to a search for evi- dence--now. I'm in command here and I intend to assert my authority. Sykes, you and Stearns help me. Mean- while, no one will leave the deck." As Cardigan started to descend the ladder he heard a savage oath, and, pausing, fastened his eyes upon the men. "Did someone speak?" he rapped. Ladd, a seaman, answered--"Jim Hickey here said he'd be damned if he was searched-" "That's a lie, sir!" broke in the bul- let-headed mulatto, the great muscles in his arms standing out like whip- cords. Cardigan moved down and confront- ed the mulatto. "Did you say that?" The boatswain, a Creole, stepped for- ward. "Eet ees so, m'sieur; I, 'Poleon Moncrief, hear' heem. W'a't ees more" --he cast a malicious glance at the mulatto, who stood with clinched fists, glaring at him--"I know w'y zat nigger he not want to be search'. I was een my bunk trying to go to sleep w'en ze cabanne boy he come below an' drink a dam' lot of rum. An' w'en ze boy he fall asleep zat nigger he sink I not 'wake an' get up an' go to ze bunk of ze cabanne boy an'--" A blasphemous oath left the mulat- to's thick lips. He made a move to spring at the Creole, but Cardigan placed himself between them. "--He steal ze cabanne boy's pay. I saw heem take eet from under ze mattress. An' zat w'y he not want to be search', m'sieur--because he know you fin' too much money on heem." Cardigan turned upon the huge, brown-skinned figure. "Is that the truth, Hickey? Aren't you willing to be searched?" The mulatto glared at 'Poleon Mon- crief, spitting out a stream of vile oaths. "It's a lie, sir; a damned, stinkin' lie-- made up by that-!" With a quick, stealthy movement the Creole leaped around Cardigan and 