84 The Campaign for Vengeance the number 8. Three dots stop three dots has no meaning, so we'll have to read it six dots, which signify the num- ber 6." . . . Translated first into Morse and then into English, the domino cipher read as follows: RAID 8 6 BAYRD M "Raid 86 Bay Road!" thundered Wayne. "I'll say we will!" He nodded to one of his men. "You stay here, Gus, and watch that runt printing hand- bills downstairs. Let's go!" . . . XV Eighty-Six Bay Road was a cottage of the Queen Anne type in Pelham. Harry Creighton paid little heed to traf- fic regulations in getting there; he made it in forty minutes. Rita, at his side on the fronj. seat, was not in the least inclined to attempt an escape. Rita, you see, was on the sunny side of twenty and engaged; she possessed all the confidence--and recklessness of youth. She expected to be in for an exciting evening and in this expectation she was not disappointed. They were admitted into the house by a man in the garb of a butler. To judge by his face, he'd have made a better bouncer. He whispered a few words to Creighton, after which Creigh- ton led Rita into a room on the lower floor. Creighton spoke no word; he kept pacing the room nervously. Rita sat down on a settee and wondered how soon Nevins would drop in . . . she expected, of course, that he would see her message at once, decipher it in one or two seconds and come chasing after her . . . we've remarked on her confidence. While they waited, several men came into the house (they were admitted by the butler after ringing four times) and went up the stairway to the floor above. Then, after half an hour or so, Rita and Creighton were asked to fol- low the butler. They went up one flight and entered a large square room. There was no furniture except ten chairs and one table. The chairs were arranged in an arc with the table in the centre. One chair was vacant--the second from the right--Creighton sat down on it. "It appears as though they're peeved," thought Rita. "They're going to let me stand." The butler entered the room, too, locked the door and stood leaning against it. Rita, glancing swiftly at the men in the arc, recognized Wortz, Larry Harker and Rudie Breen. Breen sat on the end chair, left. "A rather serious minded convention," mused Rita. "And that gentleman, in the centre, at the table--" Abruptly, that particular reflection was broken off. Rita ran forward, stopped, and then screamed. The man at the table, the ringleader, the tall white-haired, black-eyed, theatrically handsome man was /. Stan- ley Bradshaw! Of that there could be no doubt whatsoever! Bradshaw was sitting within a few feet of her, Bradshaw was alive, and grinning at her with that cruel, straight, thin-lipped mouth! Again Rita screamed. Then . . . there had been no murderl . . "Good old Rudie--I felt--I knew he couldn't have been so callous !" . . . There was no blood on her hands . . . she was free--free of a terrible nightmare . . . but why was Bradshaw here? . . . here, --at the head of--head ... he was 