30 The Long Arm of God A cabin, old and weatherbeaten--one of the unsolved mysteries of the ever- mysterious North--stood ready for their occupancy with a small amount of repairing. Near by were a dozen mounds --grim reminders of a tragic past. In the cabin were bags filled with nuggets, their coverings rotted away. The whole place breathed of mystery--of mystery and treasure untold. Wood was plenti- ful and game was abundant. Halligan and Lee were sent back for supplies. The others divided their time between prospecting the gulch and putting in shape their shack --a four-roomed affair--for they in- tended spending the winter in comfort. Two weeks after the return of the two, the partners awoke to the realiza- tion that they were rich. Before they could even estimate the extent of their find winter arrived, with ite long, cold nights, burying the old cabin almost to the eaves under a mass of snow which filled the gulch, tying them up effectu- ally for the remainder of the season. There is no stronger test of friend- ship than the placing of strong, vigorous men for several long, weary months in enforced confinement. With little to do save eat and sleep, forced to gaze at each other day after day, they are apt to fall into a physical lethargy which eventually creates a nervous tension like nothing else in the world. Petty quar- rels become serious "matters. Molehills are magnified into mountains. They grow to hate the sight of each other-- to become suspicious of what, under other circumstances, would not be no- ticed. And, when each looks upon his companions as his rivals for the hand of a beautiful woman, hell is bound to break loose sooner or later. It is as inevitable as fate. II When they found the grisly horror that was Lee, lying stark and stiff in his bunk, gazing, glassy-eyed, toward the ceiling, there was no thought of foul play. It was Halligan who, in straight- ening out the cold, clinched fingers, dis- covered the tiny thread of gray wool in the doubled-up fist and called the at- tention of the others to it. Wentworth was the owner of the only gray shirt in the camp. The others wore khaki or blue. It had been a cold night and he had slept in it. Instantly all eyes were turned upon him, although no word was spoken. He turned upon his silent accusers, his lips drawn back in a wolfish snarl. "Damn it! If you think I done it, say so!" he growled. "If I killed him, how did I do it--and when ? You, Hal- ligan, slept in the same room with us." Halligan shook his head sadly: "When I went to bed, the two of you, and Kelly, were soldering that hole in the old coffee-pot. I went to sleep be- fore either of you turned in." Kelly looked at Halligan angrily, then cast a sympathetic glance at Went- worth. "I'm sorry to say, boys, that I 'hit the hay' before the other two. I wish now that I hadn't, because I'm confident that if Lee was killed--and I don't think that he was--it wasn't Wentworth that done it. He's not that stripe. In fact," he hastened on, "none of the bunch is." Wentwordi snorted. "Keep your blasted sympathy to your- self! I don't want it!" he growled. Halligan shook his Jiead mournfully. "It's the visitation of God upon Lee for his blasphemy," he muttered. "I warned him against it many a time-- poor boy." They sat around all day discussing their.companion's sudden taking away-- all but Wentworth. He sat alone in a corner, silently nursing his grievances. They had searched the body; there was not a mark upon it. The other four were loud in their statements that Lee 