The Monolith Hotel Mystery 51 as I suspected, that the sheets inside were blank. "Of course, even then, I hadn't any clear case--just suspicions; but my side partner and I have kept a close shadow on him ever since. This afternoon John- son came down to the desk with a big valise, told the clerk he was going to visit his lawyer, but to keep his rooms, as he would be back. We trailed our man out to the Bronx and pinched him when he got near the Sound. What do you think we found in his grip? A floor rug, just sopping with blood stains. And it came from the Monolith Hotel. Bet- ter than that, from Johnson's own room. The murderer is now resting in one of our best little cells, and we have all night to chat with him, for we don't need to take him to court until the morning." "Did he confess?" asked the captain with interest. "Not fully," was the reluctant reply. "His story is that he went into the room and found his wife dead upon the rug. Like Henderson, he lost his nerve. Strikes me both of those birds have skel- etons in their mental closets. Anyway, Johnson didn't dare to raise the alarm. He remembered that the room back of their suite was one that could be thrown in with his if desired. In fact, the clerk had tried to make him take them both when he registered. The doors between the two bathrooms have locks on both sides, and on Henderson's side the lock had not been thrown on. Johnson dis- covered this, opened up the connecting door, dragged the body into Henderson's bathroom, locked his own side of the door, and then went downstairs to establish his alibi. "These hotel people never like to talk, but I got some good stuff out of one of the clerks. It seems Johnson and the wo- man had a row during the last after- noon she was alive, and jawed so much that other guests complained, and it was necessary to give them a quiet calldown. Don't know the nature of their spat, but in the evening the woman dined alone and went out in the street by herself, returning shortly after nine. Couldn't get any line on Johnson's movements, but it is safe to assume that he was hid- ing up in their rooms all the time, wait- ing for her to come in so he could kill her. Neither of the elevator boys re- members taking him up or down to the writing-room on the mezzanine floor. Yes, his yarn is fishy; no one will ever believe it, but it was probably the best he could think up on short notice. When we've put him over the bumps I think he'll come across all right." III The above conversation took place early on the Wednesday evening. Be- fore noon the following day Inspector of Detectives James Dineen went to the Criminal Court Building in response to an urgent call from the District Attor- ney. He found that official in a most unhappy mood. "Say, Inspector, this Hotel Monolith mystery is getting all balled up," he com- plained with bitterness. "Captain Ma- honey, of the Forty-seventh Street Sta- tion, has pinched another man and seems to have built up a fine case against him. What do you think about it ?" The Inspector grinned. "It's got me winging, too," he ad- mitted. "And what makes things worse is that I have just put a third bird in a cell, and I'd bet a lot of money that he is the guilty man." "What! Another!" gasped the Dis- trict Attorney. "Correct!" replied Dineen. "Ever heard of the Beaumont Detective Agency, a snide concern run by one Buckingham Beaumont, real name Isi- dore Polinsky? Well, Beaumont blew into Headquarters at daybreak with a yarn that sounded good. The wife of 