Send the Coupon-We'll send you a Lachnite No.7A1410 This solid sold solitaire is the most popular ladies' ring in the world. Beau-tifully finished, the es-sence of srood taste. Set- ting is a flashing Lachnite Gem weighing about one carat. Price........ $18.75 Deposit..... 4.75 Monthly ... 2.50 No. 7A1504 This solid gold ring is shaped and finished by hand. No finer or more fashionable ring could be made. It is set with a brilliant Lachnite Gem weighing about 3-4 carat. Price........ $18.75 Deposit..... 4.75 Monthly ... 2.50 SEND NO MONEY. Just send us your name and address and we will send you, prepaid, on 10 days' trial, a genuine Lachnite Gem mounted in a solid gold ring. These sparkling gems have the eternal fire of diamonds. Their brilliance and hardness are guaranteed forever. We want you to select one of the rings from this advertisement and wear it ten full days at our expense. Then, if .you can tell it from a diamond, tend it back. Over 150,000 people have accepted this offer--and have found a way to own exquisite jewelry at a trifling cost. Pay As You Wish When the ring comes just make the first small deposit ($4.75) with the postman. This is only a deposit. It is not a payment. The money is still yours. Put the ring on your finger and wear it everywhere for ten full days. Then if you decide to keep it, pay the balance at the rate of $2.50 a month without interest. But if. daring the trial, you decide to send the Lachnite back, your deposit will be refunded instantly. You run no risk. Harold Lachman Co. 12 North Michigan Avenue Dept. 1126 Chicago, Ill. Send me prepaid ring on ten days' free trial. When it comes I will de-posit $4.75 with the postman. After ten days I will either return the ring or send you $2.50 a month until the balance has been paid. Total cost to me, $18.75. If I return the ring you will refund me $4.75 immediately. I enclose my finger size. Name ... Address ... Send the Coupon! Don't send us a penny. Just put your name and address in the coupon and tell us which ring you prefer. Be sure to send us your finger size. To get it cut a strip of paper that will just meet around the middle knuckle of your ring finger. Send the coupon now. You will be under no obligations to buy. Harold Lachman Co. 12 No. Michigan Avenue Dept. 1126 Chicago CHARLES FRANCIS PRESS, NEW YORK 