The Prisoner Speaks 9 another fishing trip to the same part of the river. He did, in fact, according to his statement, leave his home less, than an hour later--that is, about eight P. M.--in order that he might reach the desired location in time to start fishing by dawn of the twelfth, as he succeeded in doing. He fished, he claimed, all that day and all day of the thirteenth. He started home the morning of the four- teenth, reaching L- about two P. M., the time he was arrested. He accounted for his empty hands when he returned by saying that he had stopped fishing when he did, hav- ing intended to stay at least another day, due to the fact that, while wading waist deep in the river, he had slipped on a smooth stone, fallen, and lost hold of his rod, which had been carried away by the stream. The creel of fish he already had caught, his hat, book of flies and other tackle also had been lost at the same time, owing to his unex- pected immersion. He had nearly lost his life as well by reason of the swift- ness of the stream and the depth of the pool into which he had stumbled. Certain dark stains on his corduroy coat and trousers he explained by stat- ing that they were not only months old, but had been made by the blood of fish and game. Under other circumstances this might have been easily credible, since Smith was known to be an ardent sportsman. But the prosecuting attor- ney reported that, having sent the gar- ments to a chemist for examination of the stains, they were found to have been due to human blood. To the essentials outlined in the fore- going resume there was added a large number of contributory details against Smith. None of these minor incidents was incriminating in itself, but, taken as a whole, they added considerable weight to the case for the State as as- sembled and presented by the prosecut- ing attorney. They included deposi- tions, affidavits and testimony as to ac- tions, words and looks used by Smith on different occasions, extending over a period of several years previous to the tragedy. This history covered, in fact, almost the entire time that Smith and his wife had lived in L-, and even reverting to their residence in another State. These details, while without direct connection with the crime, were skilfully introduced by the prosecution to show that the accused was a man of violent temper, easily aroused; that he was of a suspicious as well as jealous disposition; that he was prone to imagine injuries and insults where none existed or was intended; and that he had small regard for life, animal or human. It is true that the testimony offered as being proof of the qualities or faults in the character of the prisoner might, with equal reason and justice, be brought against any man of normal im7 pulses and disposition, wrenched, as they were, out of the context of the years during which the alleged inci- dents occurred. It is more than prob- able that out of the life of anyone of us there could be taken disconnected circumstances, actions and speeches that, placed in series, and bound to- gether by implication, would convict us of being potential if not actual crim- inals, or demonstrate that we should be placed in close confinement as hopeless- ly insane. In life, as in literature, con- text often supplies the basis or the belief of illusion created. The only unusual feature of the trial that made its progress especially dif- ferent from scores or hundreds of other trials for murder was the unique and astonishing refusal of the accused to accept legal counsel for the conduct of his defense upon so serious a charge. Despite the urgings of the Court and the insistence of the prosecuting attor- 