Murder in Haste 39 Perry but twice, and these Perrys proved to be senior and junior, with an office in Brooklyn. The Raymond K. on Forty-eighth Street was not related to them. All this would not have been unusual if there had been evidence that Dr. Perry had lived in another State before opening his office on Forty-eighth Street. But the doctor had said he had moved down from Yonkers. That a man practising the profession of den- tistry and worth upward of a hundred and forty thousand dollars could leave an absolutely recordless existence did not seem probable, and yet the most pains- taking search had revealed but one fact in the career of Dr. Perry previous to his opening the Forty-eighth Street office. That fact, as has been stated, was his graduation from the dental col- lege in 1914. Detective Carr's weaknesses did not include the lack of persistence. He had great faith in his camera-eye quality and Dr. Perry's past--or seeming absence of a past--only stimulated his activities. The detective began the tiresome task of canvassing those dental offices of New York City which were large enough to employ additional dentists. Carr spent eight hours every day for seven weeks at this work; but finally his quest bore fruit. The payrolls in Dr. Kiekbush's office showed that in January, 1918, a Dr. Raymond K. Perry had been discharged for drunkenness. Nobody in the Kiek- bush office recalled the appearance of Dr. Perry. Detective Carr, however, considered it significant that only one month later--February 1918--Mr. Wil- liam Lesser had entered the employ of Mr. Kirven. The chain of evidence, though circum- stantial, removed all doubt from the detective's mind. Still, although Detective Carr was perfectly convinced of Dr. Perry's guilt, he knew that his evidence was not con- clusive enough to persuade a jury. The fact that he could offer no direct identi- fication was the weakness of his case. He felt that he had two lines of attack open to him. There was a chance that he could find some person or persons whose memory for faces was good enough to enable them to identify Dr. Perry as Mr. Lesser. His other hope lay in a direct attack upon the doctor himself. This attack, of course, would have to be subtle. The doctor would have to be "squeezed," prodded and annoyed by a series of seemingly innocuous questions and insinuations into betraying himself by some word or act. The work on the detective's teeth was to be finished in three weeks. There were to be two appointments, each of an hour's dura- tion, every week. Detective Carr was to have six hours more of personal con- tact with the suspect. II Detective Carr was keeping his last appointment with Dr. Perry. The doc- tor was putting a root canal filling into the first molar on the upper left-hand side. The "nerve" or dental pulp had been removed and it remained only to seal the cavity with gutta percha and insert the amalgum filling. The detective was seated comfortably in the dentist's chair. Dr. Perry was standing nearby preparing his instru- ments. "Not at all, Doctor," said Carr in answer to a question by the dentist. "Detective work is not nearly as excit- ing as it is commonly supposed to be. It's mostly dull, routine labor. Of course there are exceptions. "I was working on a case not so long ago--quite an ordinary affair. A mur- der had been committed and the suspect had disappeared. My job was simply to 