52 The Extra Dozen Eggs and evidence were against him at the very outset. In my heart I wished him good fortune, while believing that in this instance good fortune could not come to him. Indeed, there seemed no other ex- planation of Marsh's death than that which I had just stated to Mountfort. There was no doubt that he had died of poison administered in a glass of wine. There was no doubt that the wine had been poured for him by Gerald Gray- son. Could there be any doubt that the poison was mixed with the wine by the same person who poured it? And Grayson's motive for this terrible deed? It was known to every man and woman in the town. He loved and was loved and the woman was Marsh's only daughter, who was prevented from marrying him by her father's prejudices against him. These prejudices were the result of one of those absurd feuds which still exist in Southern communities. At some remote period the Graysons and the Marshes had been involved in a dis- pute over certain lands .which when taken to the courts had been decided in favor of the former family. Since that time the name of Grayson had been anathema to a Marsh and succeeding generations had at different times done their utmost to bring misfortune to members of the Grayson family. It is only fair to state in favor of the Graysons that their activities in this quarrel had been directed along only defensive lines. Until this act of the last of the race in poisoning Robert Marsh, not one of them had done any- thing to keep alive the fires of hatred. And in the beginning even young Gerald had shown no animosity toward his hereditary enemies. He had permitted himself to be attracted by a daughter of the race and in an upright, manly way had done his best to gain her father's consent to their marriage. Only when this consent was refused did he strike. I was not present at the gathering at Graham Cumberland's house where Grayson committed the act that would send him to the gallows, but what hap- pened was adequately described to me by an eye-witness. The meeting was not a social one but was called by Cumberland as president of the town's largest bank to obtain the consent of his directors to certain innovations he de- sired to establish. Present besides Cumberland, him- self, and Marsh and Grayson were Her- bert Stanley, the bank's vice-president and cashier; Samuel Townsend, the richest and most powerful man in the State, and Cashel Heming, an attorney who held proxies for the absentee directors. Except by Marsh, no objec- tions were raised to Cumberland's plan. But Marsh, who always enjoyed being in the minority and was of an unusually antagonistic disposition, fought Cumber- land tooth and nail. At moments he was positively insulting and had it not been for his adversary's tact and toler- ance of an old man's irritability, a serious quarrel might have ensued. As it was, after a great deal of argument, it was decided to hold the matters under discussion over to another meeting when it would be possible to get together a greater numbfr of the bank's directors. It was when they had all risen to go that Cumberland with his well-knoWn suavity and tact had said: "Mr. Marsh, you and I have spoken pretty plainly this evening. To show these gentlemen that our disagreement in no manner affects our personal relations, I am going to ask you to drink a glass of wine with me." He turned to Grayson, who had been sitting with his back to the buffet. "Gerald," he said, "will you oblige me by reaching into the cabinet there and getting out the decanter and glasses?" 