Bulling the Bulls By Walter Scott Story I YOUNG Ryan looked down the Worcester platform through the canyon formed by the mail and express cars. Catching the desired final signal, he passed the word to his chief, Carruthers. Carruthers unthrottled the giant at his command; and the long heavy Boston express got under way, with a deep and mighty puffing of the en- gine, the dull grind of its reluctant wheels, the clank of trucks and the clink-clank of the couplings as each preceding coach began to move and communicated motion to the follow- ing. As the train gathered way rapidly --fifteen minutes behind schedule on its way to Boston--a tall man in a dark blue suit emerged from some- where among the clutter of trunks and crates and bales and, running alongside of the smoking car, grasped the rail of the end of the car and after a few paces swung himself aboard, going swiftly up the steps and entering the coach. He passed up the car looking from left to right. The car was exceeding- ly crowded, some men sitting on the arm rests of the seats, and even then in the middle of the afternoon it was almost dusky because of tobacco smoke. The tall man went up the car slowly, but saw no vacant seat. There were two or three groups of card players, but, notwithstanding this, all the seats seemed to be taken. The traveler who had made the train by the skin of his teeth, as the saying is, passed the groups of players and went on. The fourth seat from the front of the coach on the right-hand side was occupied by but one person--a stout, sleek, prosperous-looking man of fifty or thereabouts, dressed in a neat gray suit and wearing a mouse- colored fedora. At this seat, the tall man halted. "Seat engaged?" he asked. The other man looked up and smiled slightly in good humor. He had a merry, but very keen blue eye, and his face had a healthy glow of red and tan--the face of an outdoor man or of a business man who is faithful to his golf. He shook his head and moved in a trifle farther toward the window. The tall man sat down and relaxed, leaning his trim, broad shoulders back against the seat. He was a fine- looking man between thirty-five and forty, with a hawk-like, yet boyish face. After a covert scrutiny of his seatmate from deep-set, keen dark eyes, he drew down his felt hat somewhat over his forehead and seemed to compose himself for a nap. While he sat in this position with his eyes closed, the stout man looked him over, studying his face and clothes--apparently puzzled. The tall, athletic man was neatly dressed, but, somehow or other, he seemed to give his clothes distinction and seemed not to get from the clothes the setting proper for such a trim, handsome fellow. The forward door of the coach 121 