Daughter of the Pigeon 69 me. I'll attend to Habuhamo's men." I saw her smile--a fixed, lifeless ex- pression..... My heart went cold within me as we swung down from the dripping rocks of the cavern. As the deluge showered her slim body I caught a glimpse of her face, paler than the whitest moons. That plunge was a horror to me. Bruised and breathless, my vision flecked with fire, I sank . . . down . . . into a reeling, watery world. My feet touched bottom before I was able to begin the fight upward, and when at last I gained the surface I dashed the spray from my eyes. Tahaiupehii was a yard or more ahead of me, arms agleam in the moon- light. They were there, the three islan- ders, sleek and sinister, slipping down from the bank of granite basin. There was a fourth, too, a fat, sprawling form high on the rocks. Habuhamo. . . . Again I wished I had killed him in the bamboo hut. The islanders were between Tahai- upehii and me, and Habuhamo was running along the shore parallel to the girl. Straight after the Marquesans I swam until I was abreast of the rear one. He was a wiry fellow, smaller than I, with an ugly blade gripped in his teeth. I struck him between the eyes and literally tore the knife from his mouth. As he sank I saw some- thing black upon his lips. After that objects swam in a blurr-- blended water and rocks and over all the tranquil moon. Instead of launch- ing an offensive against the other two natives, I succeeded in gaining a lead on them, and side by side Tahaiupehii and I were borne with the churning riv- er. Occasionally I glanced behind at the pursuing islanders and that obese effigy on the bank. With the deadliness of sharks the Marquesans followed--down with the boom and thunder of the stream into the mouth of the sea. Here the con- flicting currents caught us in their tur- bulence and lashed us toward the giant rocks that fringed the shore. A new peril loomed in the shape of the crags where the surf gave vent to its wrath, and we swam with all the strength we could assemble against the menace. Tahaiupehii was the first to reach the shore. I saw blood on her shoulder where the sea had flung her cruelly upon a jutting stone in her at- tempt to crawl from the surf. I was not far behind her, and as I staggered out of the thrashing water the bulky figure of Habuhamo ap- peared from behind the rocks of the river bank. Trapped. I threw the girl a look of futility. It was the finish, unless . . . "The cave!" I shouted, pressing the knife into her hand and pointing to a nearby cavity in the rugged cliffs. "De- fend yourself until I come--" I caught the gleam of her pallid face as she obeyed. Habuhamo must come first, I told myself--but Fate decided otherwise. Upon glancing back I perceived that one of the Marquesans had reached the shore and was clambering upon the rocks with a slim blade in his hand. I looked about for some means of defense and my eyes dropped to the broken bits of boulders that lay at my feet. I bent and gripped one, lifted it above my head and let it fly. It struck him on the forehead with an ugly sound--like a crushed cocoanut shell. . . . Throwing a glance toward the cave I saw Tahaiupehii entering, Habuhamo at her heels. As I started to follow, a lean something from behind closed about my ankle--the hand of the last Marquesan, a terrible-looking fellow, naked and tattooed to a king's delight. 