The Police Sometimes Guess By Harold Ward I MY visitor dropped wearily into the chair across the desk from me, a look of horror on his pale, weak face. "There's been a murder!" he gasped thickly. "Old Levi Jones--Jones, the money lender! Stabbed! Safe opened and rifled---everything taken!" "Who killed him?" I snapped. "I--I don't know." He buried his face in'his hands and sobbed softly for an instant. "I went there to- rob him. I found somebody had beat me to it and had--killed--him! Oh, God! It's hor- iible!" he ended, sobbing again. "Let's get the straight of this," I commanded gruffly. Police chiefs are not usually the sweetest tempered men in the world, and I am no exception to the rule--especially when I have been without sleep for forty-eight hours, as in the present instance. "You say that old Jones is dead--murdered--his safe robbed? I've had no report of it. Now who the devil are you and how does it come that you know so much about the affair?" My visitor stopped his snivelling abruptly. "I'm Tompkins," he answered shortly, as if the mention of his name settled the whole affair. "That fails to enlighten me," I growled. "Elucidate." "I am--or was until this afternoon--- Jones' clerk. We had a racket--a quar- rel--and he fired me. Let me go with- out a second's notice. And he owed me four hundred dollars commission for dirty work that I've done for him. Re- fused to give me a cent of it. Told me to go to the devil when I threatened to tell the police of some of his crooked deals. Said that I was as deep in the mire as he was in the mud and that Ms word, because he was rich, would go farther than mine anyway. That's why I--that's the reason I went there to rob the safe tonight--just to get what was coming to me. I swear I didn't in- tend to take a cent more than he owed me." I nodded comprehendingly. "All right. Now go ahead with your story," I said, a trifle more gently than before. Tompkins dabbed at his eyes with his handkerchief. "I went to the office tonight just about midnight," he explained, "intend- ing to let myself in with my passkey. When we had our racket today the old man forgot to ask me for it and I was too sore to give it to him-- me who's done his dirty work for five years past and then getting fired that way. "I knew that lie hadn't had the com- bination on the safe changed, and he and I were the only ones who knew it. I knew that if I got the four hundred he owed me he'd never dare squeal. And even if he did I'd be far enough way by morning to be out of danger. You know where his office is?--fifth floor of the Torrence Building. I climbed the stairs 107 