Blueberry Pie [Complete Mystery Novelette] By Thyra Samter Winslow I THE Laurence Martins were at breakfast. It was a most charming domestic scene. The dining-room, though small, was one-fourth of the Martin's North Side Chicago apartment. The table of black enamel was set daintily with a blue and white run- ner and with blue and white Canton china. In the center was a vase holding four jonquils. The blue and gold cretonne curtains made the thin March sunshine seem almost as gold as Irma Martin's smooth bobbed hair. The Martins had been married just four months. Irma Martin turned the toast in the electric toaster at her elbow. She poured coffee. Then, her hand trembling a little, she picked up the morning paper and started to read. Martin was already scanning the headlines of his own newspaper which he would read more thor- oughly on his way to the office. He glanced at his wife. "Irma," he said, and then, as she didn't answer, "Irma." "Speak to me?" she looked over at him. "What's the matter, dear?" he asked. "You look pale. I don't be- lieve you slept well. I heard you tossing." "You're a darling to worry," she smiled at him. "It's really nothing. I was--a--a little restless. Not sleeping makes me pale, I suppose." He looked at her hand, holding the paper. "Why, child, you're trembling." She got up, then, went over, put an arm around his shoulder, her cheek against his hair. "You are nice," she said. "I think it's just nerves. But I'm lots better than I was. You said so, too. You watch--I'll improve. I'm the nervous sort--all my folks were, too." "What have you got to be nervous about? A beautiful Spring day. . , . I honestly believe, Irma, if you didn't read the papers so much--got your mind on other things--reading things like this, now . . ." he pointed to a glaring headline. "I know. I shouldn't have read it. I suppose that was it. I'll forget it in fifteen minutes. It does seem--s awful, though. I'm going downtown with Lois Britton. We're going to look at bedroom curtains and slip- pers." Martin looked at his paper again. "That'll be fine," he said. "I can't blame you--reading a thing like this. An awful thing. That was a terrible murder. Glad the papers will be through with it, now. How that beast ever went on proclaiming his innocence to the end--I see he did-- is more than I can figure out. I don't believe in capital punishment, as a rule, but in a case like that-- when a man deliberately murders an innocent little woman--electrocuting is none too good for him. He de- served all he got." "I--I suppose he did," agreed Irma. "Of course. You're the softest- hearted little thing in the world, or you wouldn't be trembling, now. I 3 