46 The Trap climb back into my compartment. You are cleverer than I thought and I think I'll take you to Calcutta. You are al- most clever enough to be the man I am after; but no,"--Smith paused in thought--"he would have removed the turquoise ring." The man in woman's attire looked down at the ring and sullenly turned the blue stone in. "So that was what warned you," he commented. "Shall I get out of these woman's things?" "No," returned Smith. "Get out on the running-board and back to my com- partment just as you are. If you try to jump off I'll shoot you before you touch the ground." Few people hang their heads out of the windows of Indian trains on the long, dusty stretches between stations. Nobody saw a man and a woman cling- ing to the foot-board of the swaying train. Had they done so they would have noticed that the woman went first and that the man did not bother to offer the slightest assistance to his companion. Indeed, when the woman came opposite to the first window of the adjoining compartment she caught her skirt on a loose screw of an iron hand-grip and seemed to be in considerable difficulty. Even then the man, only a few feet be- hind her, offered no help. After con- siderable delay, however, he became im- patient and spoke in a low voice. "Move on," he said, "or I'll shoot your dresis free." The delay had considerably ex- asperated Smith, who was anxious to ascertain what the strange native had been doing in his compartment. As he followed his captive through the door he dropped the gun, which he had been carrying, into his side pocket and turned toward the servants' com- partment. "Your hands up, old chap, if you don't mind." Smith wheeled, but it was too late. Stretched full length upon the long seat, so close to the windows as to have been invisible to Smith as he climbed along the running-board, was the ayah--the infirm old native woman who had ap- parently been sleeping so soundly but a few minutes before. In her hand was a pistol and Smith's hands slowly went above his head. It was the ayah and yet it was not. The sluggish mentality of an old native woman was gone and with it the timorous attitude of the humble servant. Only his long training in self-control allowed Smith to depict the outward indifference that he was far from feeling. "Just turn your back, old dear," con- tinued the man's voice of this strange ayah, "while a woman takes off a few of her clothes." It was undoubtedly a man who spoke and with the words he rose and be- gan unwinding a long, dirty sari from about his head and waist. With the sari came the gray matted wig, revealing nut-brown, close-cropped hair. "Shall I go through his pockets?" asked the dapper little man. "He's got a gun." "You have blundered twice already, Higgins," was the reply in sarcastic tones. "I would as soon trust a baby with a razor as I would you with this man again. Go back to my compart- ment and bring my clothes. Change your own while you are there." As Higgins once more climbed out upon the foot-board the other man tossed out of a window the long, cotton, bandage-like garment and revealed a circle of dark skin where a skimpy white jacket failed to reach down to a sagging woolen skirt. Deftly he picked Smith's gun from his pocket and, with a few expert pats, located and extracted the two pistols that Smith had taken from Higgins. Meanwhile Smith, tall 