Exterior to the Evidence 63 I'll tell yer how I got ho'd o' t' papers. That Monday afternoon, I hed to go to Etherton's private office i' t' mill. But I heard voices in Etherton's room, so I listened a bit, and I heard talk be- tween him and owd Sir Cheville. An' it wor just what I wanted, d'ye see?-- Etherton wor talkin' to t' owd feller about t' machine, and he said he'd have to let him into t' secret. So I slipped away, and hid misen where I could see 'em go in and out o' t' strong-room, and by and by they come there, and they wor some time in it, and when they come out/ Sir Cheville wor puttin' a docket o' papers in his inside breast pocket. An' I saw then how t' thing could be done." Madgwick glanced round the ring of interested faces with something of an air of triumph--one listener, at any rate, saw that, like all criminally-minded persons, he was intensely vain and proud of his achievements. "Nowt could be easier!" he contin- ued. "I heerd Sir Cheville say that he were goin' into Hallithwaite for t' evenin', and 'at t' papers 'ud be safe enough in his pocket till he could look at 'em at home. Now I knew his habits --I knew he'd come home by t' last train and walk ower t' moor. An' I knew where he could easily be waylaid and relieved o' t' papers, and in such a fashion 'at nobody ud ever know who'd done it. But I wanted help--and I paid that theer snivelin' hound for it--paid him well for t' job!--he's five hundred pound i' his pocket now! We went up t' moor about half past eleven, and waited for t' owd man this side o' Black Scar: waited behind a bit o' old wall, and when he came along, I gat him by t' arms, fro' behind, and Stones there took t' papers thro' his pocket. He fought and kicked--but it were all over in a minute, and we left him. We went straight away and delivered t' papers-- all 'at we found, will an' all--and I arranged about payment o' my re- ward--and I tell you 'at that's all 'at eyther me or Stones theer knows! We know nowt about how t' owd man come to fall ower Black Scar--when we'd done wi' him, we went our way, and we left him to go his. Neyther on us meddled wi' him, except to take t' papers--that's t' Gospil truth!" "I never laid a finger on him!" blub- bered the accomplice. "Npwt but snatch t' papers out o' t' inside pocket while Madgwick theer held him !'' "An'--that's all," declared Madgwick. "Except this," said Marrows. "The man behind you! Now then, out with it!" Madgwick looked round the group with an evil smile on his face. "Aye !" he said. "I'll tell now ! Ye'll be astonished. Sir John Arncliffe!" CHAPTER XXIV The Neighbor's Hearth Weathershaw, to whom the name which Madgwick has just pronounced conveyed nothing, was immediately aware that to the rest of his compan- ions it meant more than he could ac- count for. From Marrows, grim and official, to Marston, excited and eager, every man started and stared as if a bomb had fallen on the supper-table; each caught his breath sharply. A curi- ous silence fell on the room, broken at last by an incredulous, contemptuous exclamation from Sindal. "Rot!" he said. Madgwick gave the solicitor a signifi- cant look. "I'm tellin' yer!" he answered. "Ye'll see! That's t' man 'at's been at t' bottom o' t' job--him and no other." Weathershaw nudged the superinten- dent's elbow. "Who is he ?" he asked. "Biggest manufacturer in the dis- trict--chairman of our bench of magis- trates--great man altogether," muttered 