64 Exterior to the Evidence Marrows. "And--a client of Mr. Sin- dal's." 'And I say it's all rot--utter rot!" exclaimed Sindal, who was obviously much perturbed. "This fellow's lying! --to save himself." "Looks like savin' myself, wi' all you chaps round me, doesn't it?" sneered Madgwick. "I'm telling you reight. Sir John wor t' man 'at set me on to this here, and 'at paid me an' all!" "You've proof of this, Madgwick?" demanded Marrows. "Proof?--aye, plenty o' proof if,it comes to it," replied Madgwick. "I can prove it before and behind!" "When were you paid ?" "This very day---at noon!" "Where--and how?" "I met him i' Hallithwaite--never mind wheer--and he paid me i' notes, accordin' to t' stippylation 'at I'd made." "Got any of them?" "I hev some--not so much," replied Madgwick. He pointed to Stones, who was still whimpering and bemoaning his fate. "He hes more--hes 'em on him now. Proof ? Aye! An' now 'at ye know, I don't care what I tell about Arncliffe, nor what becomes on him! He were t' main agent--I wor nowt but t' cat's-paw. An' ye can do nowt much at me--nor at Stones theer. We'd nowt to do wi't' owd man's death--we way- laid him, and took t' papers thro' him, it's true, but we did no more. It's nowt but common assault, or highway rob- bery, or summat o' that sort, at t' warst. An' ye'll hev to put Arncliff i' t' dock wi' us, when all's said and done. Damn thee, spy!" he suddenly broke out, turn- ing fiercely on Weathershaw. "If tha'd niver come on t' scene, pokin' thi nose into t' affair, nob'dy 'ud iver ha' foun' it all out!" Marrows turned to one of the detec- tives. "Run down to the village and get the two local police," he said. "And bring those cars up here, as near as you can to this place. Calvert!" he went on. "Take these chaps and their belong- ings down to the town when you've got this extra help--one in each car. As for the rest--" He motioned Weathershaw to come close to him. "I believe what this fellow's let out!" he whispered. "It explains everything, to me. Wait till these men are off, and then--then we'll tackle the man that put them up to it." Ten minutes later, when the captives had been carried off, Marrows led his reduced party outside the cottage. The moon had risen over the shoulder of the moors while they were busied inside, and in its light the superintendent's face showed itself unusually grave as he turned to his companions. "This is a bad business!" he said in a low voice. . "Worst business I've ever known since I came here--and I've been here thirty years. Sir John Arn- cliffe, of all men!" "It's all bosh, Marrows!" exclaimed Sindal angrily. "I don't believe a word of it! That fellow's invented it." Marrows quietly tapped the solicitor's arm and at the same time gave a know- ing look at Marston and Weathershaw, standing by. "Mr. Sindal!" he said, in a voice full of conviction. "Yon fellow wasn't in- venting anything. He just knew the game was up, and naturally, he turned on the originator. I believe every word that Madgwick's told us. Look you here, Mr. Sindal," he went on, as the solicitor showed signs of impatience, "some of us have pretty good memo- ries. And--this isn't the first time I've heard of Sir John Arncliffe's trying to pick other people's brains! You've heard something of that sort, too, if I'm not mistaken, Mr. Sindal--come, now! What about that affair of poor young Wilson's, some years ago?" 