100 Two Bells sleeping boatswain; crept across to The Boy's bunk and slipped one hand under the mattress . . . II. The sharp cutwater of the Libertine broke the phosphorus into javelins of green brilliancy, her yards, slightly checked, ran with easy motions beneath bellied topsail, while the deck-timbers creaked and groaned as the vessel wal- lowed in the heavy sea. To Cardigan, the first mate, stand- ing alone at the wheel, firmly gripping the spokes at right angles, these sounds blended into a fierce, savage tune that vibrated responsive chords in his sea- man's being. Since six bells he had been on watch, listening to the lawless song of the sea, and except on two occasions, when the cabin boy emerged from the main com- panion, the decks had been deserted during this time. At thought of The Boy the first mate felt a tinge of sympathy. Poor chap. Only seventeen. And shanghaied-- But, after all, life was a rather grim affair; it had been none too kind to him. He-- Four bells jangled out. A moment afterward he saw the big body of Bjorasen, the second mate, emerge from the rear companion. "Where's the captain?" inquired Cardigan, as the Norwegian, a great hulk of sunburnt physical manhood, reached his side and took /the wheel. A faint smile traced itself on the big blonde's face. "Below in his quarters, I suppose, sir--with a belly full of rum . . Cardigan did not smile, merely nod- ded, saying, "Stearns will relieve you" ;--and moved down the ladder to the main companion. Upon reaching Black Michael's door he entered without knocking. In the vague half-light supplied by the port- hole he could make out the skipper's huge body sprawled full length in the berth. The odor of rum was heavy on the air. "Captain!" he called, gripping one shoulder and shaking it. "Captain, wake up! . . . Hullo!" The latter exclamation was brought forth as his hand accidentally brushed the cheek of the recumbent man] It was cold, clammy. He quickly felt the heart. An oath left his tongue. He fumbled in the pocket of his pea- jacket and withdrew a box of matches. Igniting one he lit the slush-lamp and in the better light examined the body. "Dead," he muttered to himself with a semi-professional air. "Two inci- sions--one just below the heart, the other above. . . ." Though Cardigan was not yet thirty- five, 'there were times when he seemed at least forty. This was such an occa- sion.' About his lips was a grim tight- ness, a truculence that suggested inflex- ible metal beneath the bronzed exterior. "Struck in the dark, I'll wager," he said to himself, running his fingers through his gray-shot hair whilst he continued his investigation. "Dead about an hour or I'm . . . And two distinctly different instruments, one a straight blade, the other curved." At one time he had studied surgery --in the days before the gray appeared in his hair. He . . . But that was an ancient story, a sheaf torn out of his life and laid away in a crevice of his memory. After the first surprise caused by the discovery, he experienced a feel- ing that bordered on satisfaction. No love had ever existed between him and the master of the brig, and after The Boy was shanghaied at Melbourne there was open antagonism, a hostility that resulted in Cardigan's decision to leave the Libertine at the end of the re- turn voyage. 