Planned by the Stars 41 boot and crouched against the face of the alley's brick wall, ceasing to curse the vivid moonlight only when a barred window of translucent glass leaped out to meet him. A tingle of anticipation ran through Joe Carney. He found the same barrel Limping Lou had made his observations from and wheeled it close to the win- dow. He mounted it cautiously and ap- plied an ear to the aperture in the win- dow's top. All was quiet within. Ob- viously, he decided, Mrs. Garber was in the drug store or on her way to it. He was ten minutes late and would have to work rapidly. The window bars yielded instantly to his grasp. He tore them roughly away, one by one. When the last bar had been wrenched loose, Carney pressed the top half of the window lower and poked a head into the inky blackness of the room. Low but distinctly he heard the monotonous ticking of a clock. Satisfied that no menace crouched in the gloom, Carney threw a leg over the sash and lowered himself into the room. Until his eyes could grow accustomed to the murk he stood motionless. A faint odor of gin assailed his nostrils. Faint stirrings tuned his nerves to a high pitch. With a sense of direction fixed firmly in mind, he crept forward. The treasure chest, Stanley Ray had told him, rested to the right, against the room's north wall. As the thought flashed through his mind, his knees came in contact with some low-set object. His outstretched hands clasped the top of something he knew immediately was the trunk, and he exhaled a breath of relief. The cover of the trunk swung upward at his touch. He felt to make sure that the connecting arms were firmly fast- ened and delved into a mass of soft gar- ments, placed layer upon layer. These he dug out and flung to the floor, bur- rowing, mole-like, to reach the apron- wrapped treasure. The scent of gin seemed to envelop him. He wondered why this odor should stir odd recollec- tions--recollections he could not piece together. He had pulled the last article of cloth- ing from the trunk when the door of the room vibrated with a sudden stac- cato rapping. Ere its first echoes throbbed into silence, a nasal voice sup-' planted the loud knocks with an insistent statement: "Mrs. Garber! Somebody wants you on the telephone down at Levy's I" - Joe Carney's hands closed convulsive- ly. The clock he had looked upon had been fast or the telephone had marred Stanley Ray's message! In either case, Mrs. Garber must be within a few feet of him! The messenger from the drug store began his rapping again. Stiff as stone Joe Carney sought to think. Then, as the knocks ceased for the moment, he heard, from some quarter close at hand, the creak of a bed, a soft footfall--a sibilant swish that told of a garment being donned. Followed at once the rasp of an opening door. A vagrant air current, stirred to new action, touched Carney's forehead--cold against the sweat that had gathered upon it. Breathless questions rushed through the mind of the intruder. Should he al- low the woman to answer the messen- ger? Or should he strike before she reached the door? Another series of footfalls wheeled him silently about. Someone was ap- proaching--had stepped through the door. He thought he could detect a muffled shape of shadow moving closer to him. The suspense of waiting was agony. A breath caressed his hot face and a hand touched his arm. Someone gasped. At the same moment he sprang for- ward. With a low growl he felt his fingers 