8 The Man in the Black Mask The wizened president grinned sar- donically. "You'll be telling me next that you can point out.the place," he laughed. "I'm almost tempted to say that I can." I looked around me for a second, then inquired. "By the way, where does this creek lead from?" Backus leaned forward excitedly. "By ginger!" he ejaculated. "You've hit it. They shot down the creek. They are located in the hills south of town. It's me to investigate." "On the contrary," I returned, "you'll do nothing of the sort, Chief. You're too well known. I am a stranger here and my face is unfamiliar, probably, even to the leader of the mysterious band. Let me look over the ground first. I am likely to see things that might be hidden from you. It's my business j to , search for the hidden things." "But it's my place--" "Larson's right," interrupted Grimes. "A stranger is much more likely to suc- ceed than a person so well known as yourself." "But--" I clapped the big officer on the shoul- der. "I know just how you feel, Chief. But I'll promise to make no move until I've informed you--that is if I find any- thing suspicious. You can make the ar- rests and get the credit." "All right and good luck," he answered. "Meanwhile, I'll scout around h£re and see what else I can pick up. I suppose that you'll start right away?" "This very minute." "Just a second," Grimes exclaimed. "For all we know, there may/t&gt;e spies lurking about. Why not let? Joan and me drive you back to the house. From there you can skirt the hill in a south- westerly direction and come down the creek instead of going up. Such a move will divert suspicion." "You're right," I answered, while the chief nodded a grudging assent. "Let us get busy at once--that is if you are through here, Mr. Grimes." The little president proved himself a man of action by calling to Joan and hastily climbing back into the ma\:hine. Ten minutes later we were at home. "Do you start immediately?" in- quired Joan, who, up to this time had taken no part in the conversation, al- though she had been an interested listener. "As soon as I have secured my re- volver from my grip." She accompanied me into the house, Grimes preferring to wait on the ver- anda, stating that he would go with me a short distance to show me the gen- eral lay of the land. As we reached the seclusion of the hallway, Joan turned to me, a look of worry on her sweet face. "Please don't go," she whispered, lowering he/voice purposely to keep her uncle from hearing. I was astonished both by her tone and the words. "I don't understand." I returned., She seemed at a loss for words. "I--I have a feeling that you will get into trouble," she finally replied, laying her hand on my arm. I laughed. "I've been doing that all my life. The worst I ever got was a dose of tear gas, overseas. Haven't you got any better reason than that?" "Only a woman's intuition -- a woman's reason," she smiled. "In other words, I don't want you to go--be- cause. That's all I can tell you--be- cause!" "I'm afraid that it will have to be a better reason than that to keep me from going," I laughed. "Your uncle hired me to run this thing down. I'm draw- ing a salary from him and the quicker I earn my salt the better." She shrugged her shoulders prettily, 