Ananias Ltd By Elizabeth Dudley I THERE are thousands of tons of gold locked up in God's eternal mountains which men will never see nor spend. But that fact doesn't keep them from try- ing. There is something about yel- low metal which turns heads, transforms morals and grows devils in the soil of saints. Merely an in- stance of this is the case of the Hectopus mine, with which I, as a Post Office Inspector, was well ac- quainted for the space of a month. I had been called into the case on a complaint made by Jedidiah Quinot, of Boston, an esteemed gentleman of his community, who shed real tears, nearly wore out his glasses in polish- ings and blew his nose prodigiously as he told me the story of his sus- picions concerning his harum-scarum nephew--one Herbert Cryder, whom he feared had not only hopelessly in- volved himself but disgraced the family in a gold mine speculation. After I had called upon Cryder, a few days later, I did not blame the old gentleman for his suspicions. If there ever was an outfit which bore all the marks of a fraud it was this Hectopus mine concern. As usual, it was quartered in the most expensive office building in the city, and the boss himself was twice as hard to see as the President of the United States. Inside the usual railing, with a boy at the gate, were a dozen stenographers copying names out of telephone di- rectories or pages out of books-- anything to keep them busy. In a room opening off that was Dick Garrity, one of the shrewdest mine swindlers in America, with his name brazenly on the door and the title of "General Manager." In the front office--when I finally got there --was the most impressive and ex- pensive set of mahogany office furniture I have ever seen, and behind the big desk in the center of the room a clean-cut chap of about thirty, bronzed, smiling, devil-may-care and a most disarming way of waving a visitor to a chair and forcing him to take two cigars at once. And this was Herbert Cryder, a disgrace to his family, a worry to his old friends, suspected by the Govern- ment of being a thief, facing the world and Atlanta prison not only with a smile but with a laugh that refused to stay bottled. I had met many crooks but this was a new type, so new that I am afraid I made a poor job of my role as a prospective investor. As to that I do not know to this day whether he really suspected my errand or whether it was only a part of his plan when he laughed at my proposal to invest a few thousand dollars in the stock of the Hectopus Mining and Exploration Co., slapped me on the back and literally pushed me out into the hall with a third cigar clutched in my hand. Whatever he thought, he had left me no recourse but to go back to old Jedidiah with such information as I had been able to pick up on the out- side, and the two of us spent the evening going over the cards we held 21 