Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil 59 cane. About his neck were suspended the regulation tin cup and placard read- ing, "Please Help the Blind." With almost a lump in his throat, Porter fol- lowed the pair across to one of the busy business streets, where the boy left his charge against the iron railing of a graveyard and darted away. Porter took up his stand nearby to await de- velopments. These were not long in coming. Coins for the cup were few. The figure was a trifle too burly and the expression a trifle too belligerent to awaken pity in many hearts among the hurrying throng, but finally a man appeared who deliberately halted and searched his pockets for a coin. Porter observed him carefully. He had noticed him as he crossed the street. The normal man jumps when an automobile horn honks just behind him. This man had not even started. He was a tall man, slightly stooped, smooth-shaven, with a long, pointecf jaw, and wheu he spoke to the blind beggar it was in a low monotone which Porter could not catch, even though he edged closer in the effort. Neither could he hear the beggar's reply--but he could read it, for the blind man answered with his fingers, with his hand held high, almost under the other's nose--answered emphati- cally and with warmth which swept beyond the limits of the silent code and required spoken. oaths to express his feelings. Porter's hands gripped the railing behind him as he stood tense a few yards away from the strangely quarrel- ing pair. "Where'd I go?" shouted the fingers. "What'd you care where I went? You left me with that damn Dummy, didn't you? You left me with him so he could ditch me. Didn't have the heart to throw down an old pal like that your- self. Where'd you go? That's what I want to know. Where'd you go and where's my share of them pearls ?" The deaf man apparently replied at some length, but without changing his tone or position. He stood as though interested in some charitable quest, but his explanation fell upon ears as deaf as his own. It was discarded with a gesture of angry scorn. "To hell with that tale," the fingers declaimed. "I may be blind, but I can hear and I can feel. Didn't I hear and feel you and Dummy picking them pearls up off the floor when the string broke just before the blow-off. What chance had I to find any? And you try to tell me Dummy got 'em all. Tell that to any old con and see if he'll believe you. You crossed me--the pair of you --that's what you did, Deafy. I didn't expect much different from Dummy. He's a gaycat, anyway, but you--why didn't I forgive you whrfl you put my lamps out getting funny with that soup. I forgave you that because you was a pal and because you lost your hearing at the same time. And now you cross a blind man." They kept it up for two or three min- utes more, but there was too much at stake for Porter to risk observance by the alert deaf man, and he lost himself in the crowd until they should finish. Over his shoulder he read the blind man's parting shot. "Don't forget it, neither," the fingers spelled. "You have Dummy here to- morrow or I'll snitch on you as sure--" The fingers were still working as the deaf man darted away unseen and Porter turned in his tracks to follow. He knew where the blind man lived and did not need to worry about him. Blind men usually travel neither far nor fast. So he trailed the deaf man to a small hotel half-way uptown and watched long enough to make sure he lived there before he returned to his 