Black Shadows 23 St. Regis garage, after a flying visit to the Star office. The crooked-nosed chauffeur took the reporter to his room, and asked him what he wanted. 'Til tell you," said Suggs. "I'm up against it. If my father knew that I was up to my ears in a stock-market tangle he'd kick me out of the house. Naturally, I'm not anxious to pass up the prospects of inheriting his money. But I need something to tide me over right now." "Why come to me?" "Because you can help me." Hawker began to worry a creased bit of ipaper, stealthy eyes on the floor. He was studying Johnny's mental capacity, trying to figure out, too, just how far he would go. Finally he shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know what you mean." The reporter hitched his chair a bit closer. "Yes, you do. I happen to know that you have a hundred thousand dollars in the Cathedral National Bank. I want a slice of it." "Can you advance any reason why I should give it to you?" Hawker had dropped his servile air, and spoke out with a sharp assurance new to him. "Several of them, but there is one in particular that will interest you." The chauffeur's blood-shot eyes nar- rowed, and his fingers drummed uneas- ily on the arm of his chair. "What is it?" "Your alibi," explained Johnny care- fully, "is apparently everything that could be desired. The police take it at its face value, anyway. But zvhat were vou doing between the hours of one- fifteen, when the traffic policeman rec- ognised you in the park, and two-thirty, when you drove Jones to Miss Graclis' apartment?" Hawker sprang to his feet with a sharp cry of anger, but Johnny did not shift his slouching position in his chair. "There is no need for melodramatics," he said. "You know what I mean." "What do you want?" Ah, the cat was out now! Suggs did not move, but the muscles of his face re- laxed, and he drew a deep, silent breath. "Fifteen thousand dollars." "You are high priced." "Oh, very," returned the reporter, with a swagger. "And what could I expect in return for that?" "Listen: If the police ever think of that lost hour they'll be down on you quicker than a thousand bricks. You have a chance to get old Guemey's money. There are just two obstacles. The first one I've just mentioned; the second is Guerney's daughter. She is in the city." He had expected the chauffeur to be astounded. Instead, Hawker merely scowled, and said, "I know it." "You know it? What are you going to do about it?" Hawker blinked at him. "If you ex- pect to get any money from me you'd better make some suggestions yourself." "I can keep the thoughts of that dun- derhead, Jamieson, turned away from you entirely," Suggs asserted; "that is, if I get the money." "What about this Guerney girl?" Johnny looked at Hawker with a cold- ly impassive face. "There is only one thing to do, isn't there?" "Yes," said the chauffeur desperately. "We'll have to put her out of the way." "We?" "Yes, you, too. You don't trust me, and I don't trust you. So far well and good. Everything's even, and no one hurt. But, if we do the job together, one can't hold the other up." Johnny pretended to consider. That offer, of course, was the one he had been attempting to get out of the chauf- feur. The reporter knew something of psychology. He knew the state Hawk- 