110 The Too-Easy Alibi Joe could detect those who were dangerous. And the man who peered in the doorway was an officer of the law. Cummings was a huge mountain of a man, ponderously built, blue-eyed and impassive. He saw Joe, and started to enter the store. Fright flowed frigidly through Joe's veins; he was caught in the grip of a paralyzing fear. Now, while his alibi was in the process of making, would he be caught and held? Would he be arrested? Now, immediately after he had seemed so safe. That alibi had been too easy. "You live next door," stated the de- tective, his enormous body filling the doorway. "Who runs that rooming house?" "Mrs. Britt." Joe answered weakly. "She lives two blocks away. What do you--" "Never mind what I want. Where have you been all morning?" Sullenly Joe said, "Around here. Talking with Tom." "Talking with Tom," Cummings re- peated. "Well, you come with me." Joe stepped out of the cigar store, feeling the shadow of the electric chair had touched him. He would be ques- tioned, and-- "I want to know where Ernest Worth--he's called Pug--lives in this house," the detective said, leading the way toward Joe's home. Little beads of sweat appeared upon the squat mans forehead, and his arms stiffened. He stifled the moan that trembled in his throat. He dared not try and escape from the detec- tive. They climbed the uncarpeted silent stairs and paused before Pug's door. "Is this the room ?" Cummings asked, and Joe nodded wordlessly. "Well, I knocked on this door this morning," the officer continued, "and got a grunt and a get-out-of-here for an answer." He rapped upon the door. "Mrs. Britt, who runs this house, lives two blocks away," said Joe. If he could get the detective interested else- where, perhaps his captor would no longer detain him. "She's out," was the brief reply. "I went down to see her. Now, where is your room?" "Downstairs." "Let me have your key. This fellow Pug is wanted; he has been mixed up in a bootlegging gang that--" "I don't know anything about it." Joe broke in. He did not want the door to open; he did not want to see Pug, with that surprised expression on his face, lying dead. A spasm of despair fluttered through Joe, his knees shook slightly. "I--I haven't--had-anything--" Again Cummings knocked upon the door. . . . "Pug growled at me when I was here before," he said. "This key might not fit--" In the midst of his fear Joe had a dazzling idea. He had wanted to go to the grocery store in order to complete his alibi. Why not ask Cummings what time it was? "Pug goes out for breakfast every morning," he said. "Got a watch? Let's see what time--" The detective consulted a cheap nickel watch. "Ten-thirty-five," he announced. "Pug was here at ten o'clock." Perfect! Joe almost screamed with relief. With these words the detective had completed Joe's alibi. Cummings had roused Pug at ten o'clock, therefore he was alive at that time. Tom's dropped timepiece would prove that Joe had been in the cigar store at ten o'clock, and the clerk would say that he had chatted with Joe both before and after that time. When he left the cigar 