Bulling the Bulls 125 Kelly, for his part, shot a quick glance at the man whose fare he had paid, his blue eyes like rapier points; but after that look he glanced at the disappointed Boston men and laughed at them. "Tough luck, boys," said Durkee, "but you can have him when we're through. Come on, old bird." He gave Kelly a slight tug, and, Kelly grinning queerly, they walked elbow to elbow through the throng and out of the station. Durkee secured a taxicab and, hav- ing given his direction--North Sta- tion--entered the designated cab with his captive. When they were in the vehicle, Durkee pulled the curtain on his side half way down, Kelly following suit at his request. "Well, I'll be confounded!" ex- claimed Kelly as they crossed the tracks and went into Atlantic Ave- nue. "You got a quick wit, my friend." He looked steadily at his com- panion through half-closed lids. Producing a key, he reached over to insert it. As his right hand came down, Dur- kee's left hand, with long, sinewy fin- gers, closed over it with a grip of steel and suddenly twisted the key from the other's possession. Kelly, protruding his head belli- cosely, glared at Durkee, his eyes now green and glinting; and Durkee met his glare with a dancing light in his eyes. "Come across now, Kelly," said Durkee coolly, a grin coming to his face. "So you're the real thing, are you," exclaimed Kelly' with a vicious sneer--"a real bull, eh? Walked right into you, didn't I? Funny, too, 'cause I had a feeling before we got to Boston that there was something off about you. Well, well." He spoke evenly and smoothly now, and settled back a little. Durkee held his free hand to the window and kept his eye upon the other man. "Don't you pull that gun, Kelly," he said, quietly, in a quick warning, "or I'll drop the key and smash you. And come across!" "That's your game, eh?" "That--or delivery in Portland. I knew you were Kelly two minutes af- ter we began to talk?" "How much ?--a hundred ?" Durkee laughed mirthlessly, and dexterously 'released his right hand from the cuff and slipped the key in his pocket. "All you got on you now," he an- swered, sitting tense like a coiled spring. As he spoke, Kelly--having hesi- tated just long enough to let Durkee free his hand, although noting his action--drew back with a jerk; and at the instant he drew back, his hand whipping behind, Durkee fell upon him like a bolt of lightning. III Kelly was a hard man and a fighter; but the younger man, trim and lithe, was a tiger, and in less than two minutes he had him half throt- tled and had his right hand in the hold of the cuff he himself had worn. He took Kelly's automatic from the hip pocket and placed it upon his own person and then, ruthlessly bearing the stubborn, undaunted bank robber down, made an exceed- ingly rich haul from various parts of Kelly's clothes--thousands of dollars in notes of large denominations--all of which he placed in his own pock- ets, despite the other's vicious strug- gling. 