122 Fit for a King turned my head to make sure of the back track through the surf when I saw a big comber almost on top of me. I don't know where it came from. They happen that way sometimes. But it was coming all right and I would have said my prayers if I had had time. It caught the little canoe like a barrel at the crest of Niagara, and in a huge surge of water and blinding spray, I dashed straight at the cliff. I didn't guide the canoe. God, or somebody else did that. But the next thing I knew, I flew between jagged rocks that scraped the sides of the canoe and then with a sickening lurch and a flop I slid into quiet water, twi- light and then darkness. I had hit the fissure in the rocks and was inside a huge cave. Two or three minutes later I had managed to pull myself together enough to look about. I was shivering more from the shock of being alive than any- thing else. But I managed to find matches and scrambled out into the shal- low tide pool. I couldn't see any roof about me, but I threw pebbles as high as I could without striking anything and when I shouted I decided from the sound that it must be mighty high. I had slid in about fifty feet and, lighting one match after another, I felt my way back into the darkness to see what was there. Only a few steps had I taken when I came to a wall, which I could see was a sort of a shelf about twenty feet high, and climbed it. There on the rocky floor was the solution of our mystery, if not the key to it. Four bodies. Four dead men twisted and broken as they fell to their death from far above. Adams, Hunt, Terwil- liger and the boss's friend, I had not a doubt, but I did not stop to make sure. My last match was in my fingers and I had some job ahead if I were not to join them. Scrambling down the wall I splashed toward the sunlight at the mouth of the cave where the surf still boiled about the jagged rocks. To swim through it was impossible. My only chance was to find a pinnacle I could climb and trust to Campbell and his rope. Fortunately, there was one a few feet out of the opening, and, watching for a calmer moment, I leaped and caught it in my arms and clung there drenched and lacerated but above the pull of the re- ceding waves. Finally I managed to squirm around so I could look up and saw Campbell and Corrigan, flat on their stomachs, leaning over the edge of the cliff and waving to me. In a minute the rope was lowered with a loop on the end of it and into this I thrust my arms. They hauled me up with a few more bruises and cuts, but I was alive and the rest didn't matter much. Breathlessly I told Brierly what I had found and gave him the approxi- mate measurements and directions of the cave. Quickly he paced it off and where do you think we located the spot above the pile of bodies? The bed in the king's chamber! VI We didn't waste any more time then but went for Stanwood. He knew that something unusual was going on and was nervously pacing up and down the big living-room. Campbell and Corri- gan grabbed him and we hustled him in beside the bed he had told us he had built. "Stanwich," Brierly snarled, and the man winced at the name, "you are standing directly above the bodies of four men you murdered. How did you do it and why ?" The words shook the man to his mar- row, but he still kept part of his nerve. He denied the charge, denied his name, 