The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome 85 given! Oh, Blessed Mary, stand betune us and harm!" "Shut up, you idiot!" I cried. "Can't you realize that the man's been taken suddenly ill! He naturally lockcd the door last night, when he went to bed, and lie's too sick to get up and open it for us!" "Then what are we to do?" she moaned, making ineffectual gestures in the air with her hands. "We'll have to break open the door. Get me a hammer, or, if you have an axe or something heavy ..." "I'll run right away and get Mrs. Seagle's next door." "You--must not--open--the--door!" came again slowly, ominously from the inner room. During several moments--moments that were age-long--I stood still, rooted to the floor, unable to move my limbs; utterly powerless to cry out. At my sharp command Mrs. Muzzard had disappeared, more than eagerly I fancied, in search of a battering imple- ment. She returned, a few minutes later, with an axe, which she had succeeded in borrowing from her neighbor. There seemed such a feeling of actu- ality in the stout wooden handle of the axe that, as I gripped it in my hands, I felt my courage returning. "Look out, Broome!" I shouted. "If you're up keep away from the door! I'm going to break it in!" And with that I dealt a heavy blow upon the upper panel. The voice inside became a strangled, inarticulate scream. Behind me Mrs. Muzzard cowered, a heap of jabbering fear, upon the floor. Seized in a sort of panic, I rained blow after blow with my stout axe upon the door. I remember, even in my ex- citement, comparing the scene with a similar one as it would be staged in moving pictures. How quickly upon the screen the door would have been burst open, and how, in actuality, it was so difficult to split such resisting wood. At last I managed to make an opening through which I might insert my hand and turn the key in the lock. Then the door swung open. The window shades had been drawn closely, so that the place was in dark- ness. I groped my way to the bed. "Broome!" I cried, still breathless from the unusual exertion, "what's the matter?" And I leaned over the blurred form that lay crouched in an unnatural attitude upon the bed. "A little light, Mrs. Muzzard," I said over my shoulder, as the landlady crept shuddering into the room. She*walked obediently to the window. The dark form seemed to writhe in agony. Then the shade was lifted and the late morning light poured into the room. V What I saw there will remain a fear- ful image in my memory until the day I die. As I looked at that face upon the pil- low the cold chill of horror pricked at the roots of my hair. Clammy drops of perspiration stood out upon my fore- head. I could feel the skin drawing into gooseflesh over my spine. Nathaniel Broome, fully dressed, his body twisted unnaturally in the grip of some strange paralytic seizure, lay hud- dled upon the bed, his knees drawn up until they touched his chin. I called that creature by the name of my old friend, but the distorted mask which I saw upon the pillow bore no re- semblance to that placid face. It was the face of the fiend which mediaeval sculptors have carved with Gothic mon- strousness in imperishable stone. There was no nose; only two terrible holes where the flesh had been eaten away. 