78 The Triple Murder in Mulberry Bend The policeman nodded toward a bench under a magnolia that was just bursting into blossom. "Tell me about it," he said as the two were seated. If the newcomer found anything strange in this reception he made no sign. "I read in the papers that you had been broken for not finding the mur- derer," he said quietly, "and I've been off my feed and sleep since then--I couldn't stand it any longer. I want you to lock me up." "Silent" Cass glanced at him swiftly. The newcomer spoke up quickly. "No, the ghosts of the dead men were not roosting on my pillow--damn them --they were not the kind that come back to haunt honest men, although they seem to have done it to you--that is, in a way." Cass nodded. "I knew them--they're snug at home in Hell." He looked toward the porch and Nel- lie smiled back at him. "I'm a service man myself," resumed the stranger, "Medical Corps--I was on the other side for two years, and it was during that time these three dogs earned their death over here." The record of "Spanish Louie," the white slaver, flashed through the mind of the listener. . "Girl?" he queried casually. "Yes, a girl!" The words snapped brokenly from the stranger's lips. It was the first sign of emotion that he had shown. "Sweetheart, I suppose," murmured Cass pityingly. The young man's face had dropped into his hands and he was shaking vio- lently. "Worse than that," he groaned--"a sister." Cass looked again toward the porch and laid his hand gently on the man's shoulder. "Go on," he said. IV The tale came out in a torrent of an- guished, broken words. The girl was an only sister and both had been or- phaned since childhood. Out of his earnings as a chemist he had been able to support and educate her until he en- tered the service and went abroad. She was pretty--had a sweet soprano voice and a turn for the stage. She had smothered his misgivings with the as- surance that she was able to care for herself and so they had parted. After he had been in France six months her letters, always regular theretofore, ceased abruptly. Again Cass's mind reverted to "Span- ish Joe." The man on the bench had grown calm. A gentle breeze swept through the tree overhead and a few blossoms fluttered downward. "If she had only died before it hap- pened!" he said, gazing at the broken petals. Cass patted him on the shoulder and he resumed: "It was a long time after I came back before I was able to trace her--it was down in New Orleans--in a place that was worse than the deepest gulf of Hell. Her mind and soul were gone--gone completely with whisky and cocaine-- that and--" He pressed his hands over his eyes. "Dad!" called the girl on the porch. "It's time for you to go on post." Cass stood up mechanically and pulled off his overalls. "Wait here until I get into uniform," he said, walking into the house. He was gone fully five minutes, but when he returned the young man was still seated on the bench. The police- 