Black Shadows 5 mentarily, was once more the calloused police official. He touched Guerney's pasty cheek, lifted the right arm, dropped it heavily, and crinkled the blood clotted shirt between his fingers. "I ain't no doctor, but I can see this man's been dead at least three hours. Say, what do you know about this?" He turned suddenly on the trembling Bradley. "N-nothing, sir, except what I told Mr. Sylvester, sir." "What was that?" "This morning master gave the serv- ants a holiday, but I stayed in my room because I wasn't feeling well. At noon I knocked on his door to find out if he required lunch, and he told me to go to the devil, quite harshly, sir. That was the last time I heard him speak. Twice afterward I knocked, but re- ceived no answer. Then Mr. Sylvester came, and he sent for you. There is only one key to the study, sir, and-- and Mr. Guerney has that in his hand." "How is it you didn't hear the shot?" "My room is downstairs, and there were several closed doors between." The lieutenant grunted, and then looked at Jones. "Can you add any- thing to that?" "Nothing of value, I'm afraid. My uncle and I were on the best of terms. I usually called on him twice a week-- Monday and Friday--" "This is Thursday," Jamieson shot out. "I know it," retorted Jones, with some asperity. "I had intended leaving for New Haven tomorrow, and I wanted to see Uncle Strickland before I left. What are you trying to do-- shoulder the crime on to me?" The lieutenant hastily denied that any such idea had been in his mind. "But we gotta clear up every point, you see. Now, where did you spend your time this afternoon?" "I left the Hotel St. Regis, where I have my apartments, at one o'clock, and drove through the park until two- fifteen--yes, I'm sure it was two-fif- teen, for I had an appointment with Miss Daisy Graelis, of the Bohemian Follies, at two-thirty. We went to the Ambassadeurs and danced until four, when I escorted Miss Graelis home. It was after five when I left her, and I came directly here. That accounts for every minute of my time." "I guess it's all right," said Jamieson. He drew his detective aside, and ques- tioned him in a whisper. "There ain't nothin' to it at all," snorted O'Toole. "It's a dead open- an'-shut case o' suicide. There's a thirty-eight calibre gun, with one car- tridge fired. The door was locked an' no way o' getting into the place without a keg of dynamite. Why, Loot, this is the easiest thing I ever see." Jamieson sighed with relief. "You're right, Marty. Ring up the coroner's office, and have them send a man up. I'll leave Bierhalter here to look after things. What's the matter, Mr. Jones? You're white as a sheet." The dandy nodded. "I'm frightfully upset--shock, you know," he admitted. "If you don't mind I'll wait downstairs for any questions you may want to ask me." "Pretty tough on him," said Jamie- son, when J. Sylvester Jones had gone. Johnny Suggs, who had been exam- ining the room, and particularly the table and floor, with keenest interest, said: "Oh, do you think so? He is Guer- ney's only relative, and I understand that he will inherit everything the old man left." The lieutenant looked up quickly. He had a profound respect for John- ny's shr« wdness, and there was some- thing in the reporter's tone that shot a shaft of suspicion into his brain. 