[New] Discovery Takes [Your] Flesh Almost [While] You Wait! ay the very first week without medicine, cial foods, starving, or exercise. Results in 48 hours. simple secret has been discovered by a great food list which enables you to eat a pound a day off your weight with perfect ease. You will have no bitter self-denials; in fact, many users say they enjoy their meals as never before. Thousands of men and women who have tried strenuous diets, medicine and violent exercising without results have found this new scientific way a revelation. A pound or more a day from the very start is not too much to look for and with each pound you lose you will note a cor-responding increase in energy and general health. Women so stout they could never wear light colors or attractive styles without being conspicu-ous marvel at the change that has enabled them to wear the most vividly colored and fluffy-styled clothes. Men who used to puff when they walked the least bit quickly--men who were rapidly becoming inactive and sluggish, unable to enjoy outdoor exercise or pleasures, find their youth- ful energy returning -- to their surprise delight. How the Secret Works The whole thing about this won- derful new way to reduce, which makes losing flesh a pleasure instead of a task, is a simple system of food combination discovered by Eugene Christian. Some of us eat food that is almost immediately converted into muscle, bone and tissue. Others eat food that is quickly converted into use- less fat. In this latter case, the muscles, bones and tissues are robbed of just so much nutrition and strength. That is why fat people have but little resistance and succumb first in case of illness. Eugene Christian, the famous Food Specialist, while engaged in one of his extensive food experiments, discov- ered the perfect cure for "disease of obesity," as he calls it. He found that merely by following certain little natural laws, food is converted into essential tissue and muscle, while oniy enough fat is stored up to provide the necessary body heat. Elated with this discovery and what it would mean to thousands of men and women. Christian has incorporated all his valuable information in the form of little easy-to-follow lessons under the name of "Weight Con- trol the Basis of Health," which is offered on free trial. There are no fads in this course, no starving, no medi- cines, no exercises -- nothing but pure common-sense, practical help that will do just what we say--take off flesh almost while you wait." Eat many of the delicious foods you may have been denying yourself, observing of course moderation. Do pretty much as you please, give up bitter self-denials--just follow the directions outlined in Christian's wonderful course, and watch your super- fluous weight vanish. Nothing Like It Before YouVe never tried anything like this new method of bugene Christian's before. It's entirely different. Instead of starving you, it shows you how to eat off weight_a pound a day. No trouble, no fuss, no self-denials. All so simple that you'll be delighted--and amazed. Here's what Christian's course in Weight Control will do for you. First it will bring down your weight to normal, to what it should naturally be. Then it will make your flesh firm and solid. It will bring a new glow to your cheeks, a new sparkle to your eyes, a new spring in your step. It will give you charm grace, attractiveness. And all naturally, mind you. Nothing harmful. We want you to prove it yourself. We want you to see results; to see your own unnecessary flesh vanish. We want you to see why all starving medicines and strenuous exercising are unnecessary--why this new discovery gets right down to the real reason for your stoutness, and removes it by natural methods. No Money In Advance Just put your name and address on the coupon below. Don't send any money. The coupon alone will bring Eugene Christian's complete course to your door, where $1.97 (plus postage) paid to the postman will make it your property. As soon as the course arrives, weigh your- self. Then glance through the lessons carefully, and read the startling revelations regarding weight, food and health. Now put the course to the test. Try the first lesson. Weigh yourself in a day or two again and notice the result. Still, you've taken no medicines, put yourself to no hardships, done practically nothing you would not ordinarily have done. It's won- derful--and you'll have to admit it yourself. Mail the coupon NOW. You be the sole judge. If you do not see a marked improvement in 5 days, return the course to us and your money will be immediately refunded. But mail the coupon this very minute, before you forget. Surely you cannot let so positive an oppor- tunity to reduce to normal weight pass by unheeded. Remember, no money--just the coupon. As we shall re- ceive an avalanche of orders for this remarkable course, it will be wise to send your order at once. Some will have to be disappointed. Don't wait to lose weight, but mail the coupon NOW and profit immediately by Eugene Christian's wonderful discovery. The course will be sent in a plain container. CORRECTIVE EATING SOCIETY, Inc. Dept. W-l 12, 43 West 16th Street, New York j Corrective Eating Society, Inc. Dept. W-l 12, 43 West 16th Street, New York You may send me prepaid in plain container Eugene Christian's I Course, "Weight Control--the Basis of Health." in 12 lessons. I will pay the postman only $1.97 (plus postage) in full payment on arrival. If I am not satisfied with it I have the privilege of return- ing the course to you after a 5-day trial. It is. of course, under- I stood that you are to refund my money if I return the course. (Please print name and address) City................................ state ............ If you prefer to write a letter, copy the wording of coupon in a letter or on a postcard. 