124 The Mystery of the Marseilles Express that point. So, of the three confession- aires, it seemed most likely that Mon- sieur Bertal was the guilty party." The chemist' nodded dully. "As a matter of fact," Bailey con- tinued, "he had no more to do with Sheppard's death than the other two. He declared that he had committed the crime while the Marseilles express halted in the freight yard beyond Lyons. As a matter of fact, the train did not stop. There was a clear track, and the express maintained a speed of thirty miles an hour through the yards. Hence, it was impossible for Bertal to have done as he claimed. Besides, Monsieur Bertal did not leave his hotel in Lyons until after the express had passed. I learned from his housekeep- er the hotel he usually stayed at in that city, and found that he was aroused at five o'clock in the morning, had break- fast, and left at six. That, I think, eliminates him." "Then who in the name of heaven," burst out the puzzled Goulet, "killed John Sheppard?" "That will come out presently," said Bailey. "Just now I have a surprise for you." He flung open the door, and Beau Nash, his eyes wide and staring, not a fleck of color in his face, came in! "There's no use stalling," he panted. "She didn't kill him. I-- I--why, I killed Johnny Sheppard myself !" Bill Bailey laughed. "That confession is the finest thing you ever did, Beau--the only clean, honest thing in your whole black rec- ord. But it won't wash. You didn't kill Johnny Sheppard any more than I did myself!" VI The Beau's thin lips twitched like a snarling dog's. "Damn you !" he shout- ed. "I tell you I did. You're not go- ing to railroad her to the guillotine." "Of course not," soothed Bailey. "I'm not in the habit of railroading people. I know you fairly well, Nash, and I thought that telegram would do the trick.-You see, folks, I sent a wire, signed by one of the Beau's apache friends, telling him that his sweetheart, Mazie Lee, had been arrested for this murder, and that she would be rail- roaded. As a matter of fact, Miss Lee is already on her way to England." Nash grated his teeth. "You devil." "It won't do any good to indulge In personalities. I know who the mur- derer is, and I'll produce him very shortly. Before I do, I want to clear up all the threads. I suppose everyone knows that the Beau is a member of a most respected family in Sussex, Eng- land. He organized the London Bank Gang, and later operated extensively in the United States. Sheppard, his cousin, was also a member of that gang. Now I want you, Denise, to tell me why yoU helped him, and why you confessed to Sheppard's murder." The girl looked at Nash, paled, and then said bravely, "I was afraid that my father had killed him, as he had often threatened to do, and I wanted to protect him." "Your father?" said Bailey question- ingly. Denise made a gesture toward Mon- sieur Robert, the blind man. "Nash and Sheppard had my father in their power. I aided them whenever they demanded it to save him. They treated me brutally at times, but I nev- er dared resent it. When Sheppard was killed I believed that father did it. The thought was natural, for he was on his way to Marseilles with Nash's cousin, and it could have been done while Sheppard slept. But father be- lieved that I had slipped in, and killed the fellow1; So he confessed to save me." 