The Trap 43 careful not to point the muzzle this way." Smith's eyes were open and over his leg was pointing the barrel of a gun quite as black and formidable as the stranger's. Quickly the little man obeyed and, dropping his book, sat motionless. There was nothing else to do. "Sahib call?" The door of the servants' compart- ment stood open and Langa Doonh re- garded the scene as if automatic pistols were matters of ordinary occurrence in his life. "Cigarette aur dyasali Iao," drawled Smith. Carefully the boy reached for the cigarettes and matches. Extracting a single cigarette he placed it in the dis- engaged hand of his master and, light- ing a match, applied it to the cigarette when Smith was ready. Not once did he come between the muzzle of his master's gun and the man opposite. For an instant he hesitated and then returned to his own compartment, clos- ing the door once more. "Why shouldn't I clean my pistol ?" asked the stranger, who had had time to think a little. "Because I got mine out first," snapped Smith. "Pass yours over with the muzzle toward yourself." The man shrugged his shoulders and obeyed. "Stand up, turn your back and grip the rack above your head with both hands," ordered Smith. Smith rose and searched the man but found nothing beyond a railroad ticket to Calcutta and a few rupee notes of low denomination. He reached up and took one of the man's hands off the rack in order to examine a curious tur- quoise ring. He slipped the ring off the finger but returned it upon finding no initials upon the inside. Shoving the man down into his seat in no gentle manner Smith resumed his reclining position as if the affair had lost interest for him. "What's your name?" he queried indifferently. There was no answer from the stranger, who remained inert and crumpled in the corner of his seat where he had been jammed. "It doesn't matter," continued Smith. "Go to your master and tell him that the wholesale stealing of jewels in India for sale to tourists in Ceylon must stop. He knows that I caught his best agent in Ceylon and that his business is al- ready crippled, Tell him that it will only be a matter of time before I catch him and that I may not bother to take him alive since he has sent so many people to put me out of the way." "You mean that I am free to go?" asked the little man in surprise. "Uh-huh," said Smith. "When?" "Now, if you like," was the careless reply. Suddenly the eyes of the little man gleamed. Rising, he darted to the door, opened it and stepped out. The train was crawling up an incline and there was a sandy embankment beside the roadbed. Smith did not even trouble himself to look out. "Boy!" he called. "Sahib?" replied the native servant, who had opened his door instantly. "Darwaza bundo!" Unconcernedly the native closed the door which the dapper little man had left open when he stepped out. What mattered it to Langa Doonh if his mas- ter had seen fit to throw another sahib out of the compartment? It was quite proper for his master to do such a thing but it would be highly improper for him to bother closing the door afterwards so long as he, Langa Doonh, was present. Alone once more Smith again lay 