Exterior to the Evidence 17 can pour money like water, as in those cases." "But they succeeded?--and made money ?" asked Letty. "Yes, they succeeded and made money--so much money that neither of them knows how much money he's got!" replied the old man, still more drily. "And the probability is that if-- as seems certain--Lucas Etherton has gone back to his invention, why, he'll come out on top, and then--we shall see! And that's why I'm sorry, very sorry indeed, that he either borrowed a little money from Sir Cheville or gave him his confidence this afternoon." "Why, particularly, Godfather!" in- quired Letty. "It would have been far betterjf he'd kept his secret to himself," answered Mr. Getherfield. "However, he may have had another idea in taking Sir Cheville into his confidence--perhaps that didn't strike you?" "No!" said Letty wonderingly. "Nothing struck me. I must be very dense." "Ah, well, I don't suppose Lucas Is so wrapped up in his invention that he isn't aware of his daughter's love af- fairs !" remarked the old man, with a teasing laugh. "And Lucas may have said, 'Oh, well, no harm in letting the old fellow see that when my girl marries his nephew, she'll not go to him empty- handed--far from it!'" Letty made no answer. She sat for a long time staring into the fire, and the old man continued to smoke, silently watching her. At last she got up and kissed him. "I knew you'd be able to smooth everything out!" she said. "You're a wise old thing!--like an old owl in a bam. Now I'll go home--quite happy." "Nothing of the sort!" declared Mr. Getherfield. "You'll stop here for the night. Your room's always ready, and your father's away, so why should you go home? Now run off to the tele- phone, and then come back and tell me all the gossip about Sir Cheville and his French lady--I'm dying to hear it." However old and wise he might be, Mr. Getherfield was not above an inno- cent love of the current talk of the countryside, and he listened with great interest and amusement while Letty told him what she had heard from Marston Stanbury about Sir Cheville's engagement to the French governess at the vicarage. In the end he shook his head and smiled--the smile was as sage as it was whimsical. "Ah, my dear!" he said. "It's all very well for a boy like Marston-- who's particularly youthful for his age --to say that he doesn'f care if his uncle marries, nor if he should have a son, nor if the baronetcy doesn't come to him; but I'll make bold to say that if there's a thoroughly angry, and even furious, woman in all England to- night, it's Marston's mother! And up- on my word, I think she's good reason!" "You think Sir Cheville oughtn't to marry?" asked Letty. "I don't say that Sir Cheville oughtn't to marry, not I!" answered Mr. Gether- field. "But I think he might have done it some years earlier! Here's Mrs. Stanbury, his sister-in-law, been led to expect that her one chick was to inherit the baronetcy--a very old title--and at the last moment Sir Cheville elects to put Marston's chances in jeopardy. And of all the women I know," added the old man with a chuckle, "Mrs. Stanbury is the hottest-tempered, and the most determined, and the most im- placable, and under a different condi- tion of things she'd have moved heaven and earth to get her baronet brother-in- law shut up in a lunatic asylum!" "Marston says she was fearfully angry with Sir Cheville," remarked Letty. "He left her telling Sir Cheville no end of her mind." B. M.--Apr.--2 