10 Blueberry Pie her, perhaps without meaning to do so. The deed done, he had tried to get out of it, had disarranged things, tumbled the dressing-table drawers on the floor and bed, opened the win- dow, taken the simple jewelry. Sometime, during the hours he spent there, he had taken the watch out of his pocket, then had forgotten to "steal" it. Before or after the mur- der, he had eaten the pie. He had thrust the body into the closet, washed his hands, straightened his hair--had left the apartment to call on his fiancee, Miss Harrington. A terrible, brutal deed. No wonder he was electrocuted for the crime. No wonder people shuddered as they read, avidly, details of the affair. It was brutal. It was 'a remarkable case, too. Perhaps it was most re- markable, though, because it hap- pened not to be true in any particu- lar. IV It was over. When Irene woke up, she realized that. When Denni- son packed his trunk, the day before, and told her that he was not going to return, she knew that he would keep his word. She hadn't been able to hold him. That was the truth of it. Now he was going to marry a society girl. Margaret Harrington! Irene had seen Margaret Harrington's pic- ture, even--a beautiful girl, really beautiful. There was absolutely nothing Irene could do. Dennison was gone. "Buck up ... be a good sport," Dennison had said, and, "you have known for a long time this couldn't go on." Thing's like that. She had been a good sport. That is, she had tried to laugh, tried to pretend that it didn't matter. It did matter. It meant more than any- thing else in the world. Not that the thing was unexpected. From the first--from two years ago when she had started-- and come to Dennison's apartment--she had known that the arrangement couldn't last. But she had hoped--prayed-- that it would. She had even thought, lots of times, that maybe Dennison would marry her, that they could settle down without this everlasting subterfuge and this constant explana- tion, have a home, really. Now Den- nison was gone--was going to marry someone else. She really loved Dennison--had loved him, that is. Why, she had loved him from the first time she had ever seen him there in McNally's. She wondered how he had ever hap- pened to notice her. He had never been in a department store since, as far as she knew. He had come in, that day, to match a bit of silk for the head-dress of a Persian costume for a charity play, and she had waited on him. She had liked him, had gladly broken a rule when he asked her and had given him her address, the address of that lonely little room in that cheap rooming house on Lex- ington Avenue. He had come to see her, then. The six months that followed had been the happiest she had ever known. She had been in New York for over a year, ever since her aunt died in Fer- risville, and nothing had happened to her, nothing that is, but long hours of work or longer and wearier hours of searching for work. The men she had met had been stupid, impossible creatures, mostly friends or brothers of the girls who worked next to her. Then she had met Dennison and he had altered everything. She remembered, now, those first six months she had known him. He 