The Catspaw 117 I shuddered as I thought of what might happen if they chanced to learn--and struck him through her. The other incident I mention w|as when a cat--an ordinary, common vari- ety of feline--entered the room and, with back arched, rubbed purringly against the millionaire's leg. "Funny little devil!" he grumbled. "Picked him up five years ago when he was a kitten. Somebody'd turned him out to die--freeze to death. Damn such people! Stuck him in my overcoat pocket and brought him home. Never cared for cats--Angoras, Persians and the blue-blooded aristocracy of catdom --but this little cuss made a hit with me. Scrapper! See that spot of red hair on his head ? That shows it. He'd fight the Old Nick! Intelligent, too. Makes the servants all stand around. Got a habit of biting 'em on their ankles. They all like him, though. Funny, ain't it? Got a lot of human traits in him. Reminds me a little bit of myself," he added with a smile, reaching down and rubbing the cat's head affectionately. And this was the man whose enemies claimed him to be without a heart! . . . . . That same afternoon the coffin came! An undertaker's wagon stopped at the front door and two solemn-faced men brought the casket up the steps. In accordance with his orders, the detective on duty refused to admit them, but called me. Cross-questioned, they knew nothing. The coffin had been ordered from the Morgenstein Casket Company and they were here to deliver it. The address was plainly marked. Detaining them after ordering the un- sightly reminder of the death, that was constantly in our midst, replaced in the wagon, I hurried Holdridge, one of the brightest operatives under my direction, over to the offices of the casket company. He returned inside of thirty minutes. The casket had been ordered by mail. A bank draft for four hundred dollars drawn by the First National Trust and Savings Bank--one of Peck's own insti- tutions--had accompanied the letter. The letter merely stated that a death would shortly occur at the Peck home and asked that the coffin be delivered immediately. A telephone call to the bank proved fruitless. The draft clerk remembered drawing the draft, which was paid for in cash, but, owing to the large number of similar papers which passed through his hands daily, had no recollection as to who his customer had been. In fact, only the number on the draft recalled the incident to mind at all. I released the two men from the fac- tory. In my own mind I was convinced that the affair had been pulled off by Bixby merely in an effort to break down Peck's morale. But they failed to reckon with the old man's fighting spirit. IV The remainder of the afternoon and the night passed uneventfully, everyone, warned by what had happened the night before, doubling his vigilance. I spent the following morning in go- ing over the reports of the fifty-odd operatives scattered about the city in quest of Bixby. Despite the fact that the former haunts of the big South African had been combed by our men not only could no trace be found of the financier himself, but several of his closest friends--men who at the trial were proved to have done his bidding without question--had also disappeared. As for Mrs. Bixby, it appeared that she had left the quiet hotel, where she had remained since the trial, nearly a month before her husband had made his escape. And the trail was too old to follow. She had dropped out of sight as completely as though the earth had opened up and swallowed her. 