BEDTIME TALES 10 Thereafter, it was a difficult matter to persuade Doris to wear a hat. . . " I just love it when the breeze blows through my hair!" she would explain. Soon she realized that bobbed locks need frequent attention, and she became a regular customer at the Crescent. Nelly was the staff hair-dresser who kept Doris head in good trim! Cut and arranged in a fluffy style, the bronze elements in her hair seemed to be more pronounced than the brown, thus giving a piquant air to her personality that was more tha[n] nordinarily attractive. Nelly was quite proud of her pretty patron. "Who's your girl friend?" asked another operative after Doris had left the shop on the evening of her first visit. "Isn't she cute?" murmured Nelly. "Her hair has never been bobbed before." "She'll be a steady customer of yours now! You get all the breaks!" the other retorted, complaining: "Why didn't they turn her over to me? . . . You catch all the good-looking ones, but I get the hens and crows!" Nelly laughed complacently, and dis- appeared into her booth. Doris insisted upon trying many dif- ferent ways of fixing her new bob, criti- cally seeking to find out if there was a mere becoming type. ... It was Nelly who advised her to adopt the bushy fluffi- ness in back, exposing all of her creamy white forehead and tiny ears. Her boy friends raved about it. . . . The girls in the office were jealous, even the one who suggested it would be "real swell"... All of which was a sure sign that it was alluringly fetching! Doris was on time for her four o'clock appointment. When she minced down the aisle of the beauty shop, several pairs of eyes trailed her until she vanished behind the curtains of Nelly's booth. Whisking off her dress, she sat down clad only in a sheer silk chemise that was simply the whipped cream on the cake of her glowing young charms. "You've got to do better than your best this afternoon!" she warned Nelly, smil- ing. "I'm stepping out tonight!" "He's a lucky boy, whoaver he is!" looking young man in New York. . . . Mmmmm!" Doris sighed. "That takes in a lot of territory!" said Nelly. "New York is a big city." "And you're going to say there are a lot of young men in this town," retorted Doris. "I know! But this one is different, if you know what I mean." "What makes him so different?" Nelly liked intimate conversations with her customers on topics that dealt with the emotional side of human nature. "Oh, you want details!" laughed Doris. "You'll have to use your imagination. . . . It's a hard thing to describe, but he just makes me feel different when I'm with him, that's all." "Goose flesh all over?" "More than that! . . . Say, did you ever have a pins-and-needles cramp?" "Lots of times!" Nely smiled and went on with her work. During the shampoo, Doris said little. It was after her hair had dried, and the waving operation was about to start, that she remarked: "I'm going to wear an evening gown to- night . . . How do you think I'll look?" "You can wear one!" said Nelly. "You've got the skin and the figure! You'll look lovely." "Wilbur likes me in it!" "That's the 'best looking young man,' I suppose?" "Of course!" Doris murmured. Inno- cently, she pulled down the front of her chemise and put her finger on an in- finitesimal spot, almost invisible, on her chest. "What is this, Nelly? ... I no- ticed it this morning when I was dress- ing." In the course of Nelly's investigation, she pulled the chemise considerably lower than was necessary. ... A generous por- tion of Doris's firm young breasts came into view. "Oh, it's only a little blackhead!" said Nelly, testing it with a fingertip. "I can fix that in no time." Suiting the action to the word, the blackhead vanished under Nelly's skilled manipulation of a loop-holed instrument Then she suggested: "Let me see if you've got any more." Arms and shoulders and neck were ex- amined minutely, but there was nothing to mar the satin sheen of flesh. "Any on your back?" Nelly continued the examination. "Better be careful, be- cause evening gowns have hardly any back to them these days." The chemise interfered with the thor- oughness of the inspection, so Nelly push- ed the shoulder straps. Down went the garment around Doris's waist. "You've got the loveliest skin!" Nelly must have thought that the gown was going to be a very daring model, because her hunt for the blackheads, which she failed to find, went far afield! Finally, she faced Doris: "There! You can wear janything, or nothing, now! Your skin is perfect." Her eyes swept the gracefully rounded con- tours. . . . Youth was expressed in every line and curve. . . . Breasts that were as perfect as the skin that formed a natural brassiere, topped with cherry-red nipples, stood out boldly.