BEDTIME TALES 44 Her glance rested upon a party of six that occupied a ringside table. Headed by the Parisian artist of note, Monsieu Rene Volland, the sextette were literally rais- ing the roof. Their voices sounded clearly over the hubbub of countless other voices and their dances were wilder, and more impassioned. They had ordered lavishly everything on the menu, from capons and anchovies to roast duck and caviar; and demanded that they be served the rarest liqueurs from the cellars of the Moulin What a magnificent time they were hav- ing--and what a magnificent bill they were running up! She smiled in satisfaction as four of the party arose from their chairs and stag- gered to the check-room for their cloaks, leaving only Rene Volland, who was ap- parently too drunk to notice their de- parture and a short, fiery brunette, at the table. Plorette's eyes narrowed, and a flicker of hatred shone from them as she con- sidered the remaining pair. The minutes ticked away slowly. Finally, without a word of farewell the brunette slipped away from the now sod- den Parisian, and the door of the Moulin closed behind her retreating figure. Rene Volland, was very much alone. His head slumped forward on his chest, and he slept. Florette smiled grimly. The scene had been set to her liking, and the final act of the play would provide her with the thrill that comes once in a lifetime! Four o'clock. The Master of Ceremonies had made his little bedtime speech, and the waiters were in the act of assisting inebriated patrons to their limousines. Rene Volland slumbered on. He awakened to the touch of a feminine hand on his shoulder and lifted tired eyes. "Misericorde! Cannot a man sleep--?" He hesitated sharply and strove to steady himself long enough to solve the identity of the woman who had roused him: "What do you want?" Florette maintained a severe counten- ance. "It is the time of closing, monsieur," she said. "I am sorry." He nodded dizzily. "Certainement; you want me to go, I presume?" "Yes." She tendered him the check. "Your indebtedness amounts to two hun- dred and forty-six dollars and eighty-nine cents, monsieur." The announcement sobered him. "Two hundred --?" "Yes, monsieur. Your party ordered quite lavishly, as the numerous empty champagne bottles should convince you." "But it was not my party!" he protested. "I came as an invited guest!" Florette's lips narrowed to a thin line. "Regardless of whose party it was, I am legally entitled to hold you responsible for the bill," she said. "I will therefore be pleased to accept a personal check." "Useless." He shrugged his shouders. "I have no money. The collapse of Fer- rando Mills stock has reduced me to ab- solute penury." Florette thought for a moment before she replied. "Ordinarily, in such cases, I have recourse to the police," she ad- vised, gloating over his evident perturba- tion, "but in this Instance, I will be more generous. You are Monsieur Rene Vol- land, and I admire your work; I am Mademoiselle Carvel, proprietress of the Moulin. We shall bargain; Paint my por- trait tomorrow, and I shall be pleased to issue you a receipt -- in full." "Mademoiselle is very kind." Rene iTfted himself to his feet. "You may come to my studio tomorrow -" Florette signalled to two of the waiters who had remained in the background dur- ing the enactment of the scene. "You will stay here, Monsieur Valland," she said quietly. "These two gentlemen will es- cort you to the room which you shall occupy for the remainder of the night. Kindly provide them with the keys of your studio, so that they may go at once and procure your palette, easel, and what- ever accessories you may require, as I shall report to you tomorrow morning at nine. I will expect my full-length portrait to be finished by six in the evening." "But, mademoiselle!" He stared at her in amazement. "That will be impossible!" "Nothing is impossible to a determined woman," she gave back, viciously. "I shall not exact of you a masterpiece, but only a simple sketch which will bear your signature. Good night, monsieur." "Good night, mademoiselle." And with a little cry of helplessness, he fell back into the waiting arms of his escort. Rene was awakened at eight on the following morning, put through a series of invigorating treatments by a masseur par excellence, and served with an ex- cellent breakfast. For the first time in his life, he felt almost physically fit after a night of dissipation, and he looked for- ward to the adventures of the day with a newborn sense of anticipation. Mademoi- selle Carvel was a strange creature, but a devilishly thorough one! Imagine her insisting on a picture done in less than eight hours! He set up his easel in the most desirable spot, and prepared his paints. It would be interesting, this attempt to portray on canvas the lovely features of his hostess!