Bedtime Tales 35 And at that very instant, the excited voice of Francois could be heard: "Lucette! Lucette!" he called. . She squirmed away. "I must go, mon- sieur!" Her eyes were aswim with emo- tion. "Lover!" she whispered, planting a swift, impulsive kiss on his lips before she vanished through the casement window! George was panting. He wished that there was a comfortable chair out there on the ledge, so that he could sit down to recover his equilibrium! "What a girl!" he muttered, holding a light to his cigarette. It was his first amor- ous experience in Paris, and he marveled at the passionate impetuosity that had overwhelmed him. "I need a cocktail!" he said, but he hadn't taken a step toward the window when it opened, and willowy brunette charms embodied in the person of a lovely femme staggered out and almost collided with him. A glass was in her hand, and some of its contents spilled. "Oh, monsieur . . . pardonnez-moi!' She laughed gaily, adding: "I did not know that anybody was out here!" George was glad that she hadn't thought of taking their hectic rendezvous a few minutes ago! And he grinned as he won- dered what the brunette would have done if she had stumbled upon the fiery tab- leau. "I was just going in for a cocktail!" he said. "Here, monsieur, please take mine!" she offered. "It seems as though I have had far too many already!" "Oh, no, no!" he demurred. "Go ahead and drink it! I'll run in and get another." She blocked his passage, smiling, "Please, monsieur! Take this one! See! I shall sweeten it for you." She touched the rim of the glass with her bloodred lips and the sharp point of a snaky tongue dipped itself into the liquid. Then, swiftly circling his neck with her arm, she held it to his mouth at exactly the spot where the sweetening process had taken place! George drank thirstily. "Thanks!" he murmured. "It was a drop of honey, monsieur," She whispered. And there is an ocean of it where that came from"Her parted lips moved about the edges of his, nibbling, biting, moisture-laden, hot. George's arm about her waist encom- passed a slimness tha!t seemed as if it might be brittle if it were not so resili- ent, but his hand, upward bound, met a breast that was amazingly full-fleshed! Then, slipping downward, his fingers found hips that were boyishly small! The party sounded very, very far away to George as he gave himself up whole-