BEDTIME TALES 14 going to have your wild time?" "Frank Samson is blowing me to a show, and he says he knows of a new speakeasy with the duckiest dance floor and the best liquor in the city." Margie had tossed the negligee on the bed, and was now stepping out of her combina- tion. Doris, drawing on a stocking, glanced at her. "You should have had what I had this afternoon, girlie." "What?" "A massagg ... all over!" Margie sniffed again. "And somebody poured a bottle of perfume over you, too, my nose tells me!" "Not a whole bottle!" Doris said, teas- ingly. "Who massaged you?" "Nelly . . . she's a wonder!" "You telling me?" smiled Margie enig- matically, disappearing into the bath- room. "To hear you talk, you'd think a mas- sage was one of your daily habits!" Doris called after her. "You've never had one!" "No-o-o-o-?" sung out Margie, turning on the shower. "Tell me, dearie ... did she find any blackheads?" Doris paused in the act of putting on a pair of silk panties. "How do you know about that?" Margie's laughter was heard above the sound of rushing water. "That's her favorite pastime! . . . Hunt- ing for blackheads!" Wilbur Gray rang the bell promptly at nine o'clock. Doris was ready, and his neart was not to be blamed for pumping his blood heat- edly through his veins when she pranced into the living room and greeted him. "You're more gorgeous every time I see you!" "Thanks. Do you really like this eve- ning gown?" Doris turned arid pirouetted before him. The bodice was simply strips of velvet diminishing in width until they became very narrow straps over each shoulder. The schism between her pretty breasts, clearly defined, caused them to stand out even more prominently. In back, there was a sweeping vista of bare skin down to the flowing hip line. The gown was such that a'brassiere could not be worn with it, and the consequences were obvious when the eye took in the ensemble! "It's swell!" said Wilbur. Swathed in a fur coat, Doris seated her- self beside him in his roadster, and soon they shot across the bridge, threading their way through traffic, until they set- tled down for an easy loping ride along the winding Long Island roads. Wilbur had a flask, and there were sev- eral convenient pauses in quiet country lanes. After the third attack on the flask, he put an arm about her shoulder. His fingers barely touched her neck. "Oooooooo!" Doris exclaimed. "Your hand is cold. Here, get yourself warm!" She made a slight opening in the front of her fur coat, through which he slid his hand. It was surprising how warm it became in the twinkling of an eye! But it was surprising that his fingers began to move in a surreptitious arc. Doris felt the creeping sensation, and when his hand discovered the swelling