BEDTIME TALES 39 though he had dipped his face in a bowl of perfume! Sara drew in a hissing breath through clenched teeth, ending in a gasp that ex- pressed her joyous reaction to his caress. "Oh! Monsieur! I should faint if you did that again!" George put it to the test. Sara didn't faint but her hissing sigh and the grind- ing of little teeth together were even more eloquent than if she had lost conscious- ness. And finally, a muffled scream of sheer delight caused him to look up quickly. Sara had thrown her curly red head back on the pillow, eyes shut tightly, lips thrillingly a-quiver. The hollow at the base of her throbbing throat might have been an exaggerated dimple, and George's kiss found it sweetly warm! It was an easy matter, then, for him to claim her mouth! And in the rhapsody of her de- lirious response, there was nothing want- ing! In the momentary lull that sometimes occurrs between stormy guests, George heard her whisper. "There are as many dimples, cheri, still to be discovered!" "I'll kiss each one," he replied, "if you will show them to me." Sara laughed enticingly. "Wouldn't it be ever so much more fun if you searched for them yourself? Seek, monsieur, and you will be sure to find!" George played the game of hide-and-seek with a thoroughness that was its own rich reward! It was broad daylight when George climbed the s[t]airs of his pension, rattled the key in the apartment lock, and, un- dressing quickly, crawled wearily into bed, murmuring: "Seven o'clock and all's well, so far." "Move over closer to me, sweetie." "Didn't I tell you I was a lady?" "I don't care what you were." Ever hear the one about the man who married a Scotch wife because he knew she'd never give him a piece of her mind? He: "Let's play posto....ce." She: "Oh, that's such a childish game. He: "Not the way I play it." "Well, well, where in the world did you get so many brothers and sisters?" "Oh, Papa told me a stork left them all on the doorstep." "You tell Papa he'd better watch his step." "Style was what made Oscar Wilde." "Yes, and Thornton Wilder." "CHOCK FULL O' NUTS" Does not necessarily refer to a candy- it might mean an asylum. They MET She SPOKE He REFUSED She WONDERED "Not my TYPE." said he "Too BOLD FACE;"-- "Not MY type," said she, "You're a small PICA." IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOU" If two keep company, whether there'll be a crowd. Little Willie from his mirror Licked the mercury all off, Thinking in his childish error It would cure his whooping cough; At his funeral Willie's mother Smartly said to Mrs. Brown: " 'Twas a chilly day for William When the mercury went down!