BEDTIME TALES 34 "I'm having a wonderful time!" he de- clared. "Then why are you out here all alone?" "For no particular reason!" he prevari- cated. "The window was open and I came out for the view!" "It is worth while!" she murmured, shutting the casement that extended from floor to ceiling. As she did so, George saw the white surface of a bare back that the decolletage of her gown uncovered to the bend of her hips, and when she swung around to face him he was confronted by a similar expanse of pale skin except for peaked strips of velvet that cupped the softness of her breasts. "Has monsieur a cigarette for me?" asked Lucette Cailleaux, her crimson poppy mouth opening in a flushed smile. A short upper lip, shaped like the lower so easily! George had been admiring Lucette all evening. He had danced with her once or twice, but she was such a popular part- ner that he was crowded out too fre- quently! A pungent perfume mingled with the crispness of the air as she swayed forward to accept the flame of a match for the cigarette that she placed beween her lips and George was agreeably disturbed by the pressure of a warm thigh just above his knee. Isn't it a bit chilly for you without a cloak?" he asked. Mischievously, she blew a puff of smoke directly into his face, and laughed. "Mon- sieur will keep me from freezing, no c'est pas?" A soft arm was creeping about his neck! George glanced at the casement window. He hadn't been in Paris long enough to stop worrying about jealous husbands! Suppose that window should be pushed suddenly, and an irate torrent of Gallic malediction commence to pour down on his head! "Where is Francois?" he queried. Lucette laughed again. "Fear not, mon- sieur, that we will suffer any interruption! Francois, at this minute, is thoroughly oc- cupied and interested, tres beaucoup, with a blonde, and a brunette who are sitting in his fat lap trying to curl three hairs on the top of his bald head!" Her mouth was almost touching George's lips. Her breath was very sweet and hot, impregnated with the odeurs of wine, per- fume and smoke! He found it not at all displeasing. Reassured that Francois was not likely to burst upon them with uxorial wrath, George let his hands play up and down the smoothness of her back. She pressed closer. "Kiss me, mon George!" Her fingers seized his face and drew him as she tip- toed the better to take complete posses- sion of his lips, and he glimpsed more than the curling tip of a lively tongue, avidly expectant! It seemed to be minutes later when she slowly released his face and gasped: "De- licious, monsieur!" George's mind was in a whirl. He took a deep breath: "Tell me, madame, is that what is called a French kiss?" Lucette smiled and tilted her head co- quettishly. "Isn't a kiss the same honeyed meeting of the lips the world over?" George looked daringly into her eyes. "Yes and no!" "Don't people kiss that way in Amer- ica?" She seemed very much surprised. "Sometimes!" said George. "It depends upon who is kissing and who is being kissed . . . you understand!" "Oui, oui! But it should be a meeting of souls as well as lips, monsieur, other- wise there is no meaning to a kiss!" One shadowy eyebrow slanted upward, and she shrugged her shoulders. "Yes, yes, of course!" he agreed. Her arms were still coiled around his neck. He was sitting sideways on the rail- ing, one leg dangling free. The exotic heat of her enveloped him like a misty fragrant cloud, and, as she talked, he felt her move sinously nearer. "A kiss should be tasted, ne c'est pas, like one toastes wine upon the tongue!" she continued, in a low mumur. "Certainly!" assented George. His hands were wandering over her now. He had completely forgotten the possibility that Francois might appear on the scene, and Francois might appear with the softness of the contours, yielding so delightfully be neath his fingers. Her breasts were small in comparison with the fullness of her hefty hips, curving in and out most in- triguingly! Lucette's lip[s] were moistly demonstrat- ing what was her clinging conception of a tasty kiss, as she slowly insinuated her- helf against him until every line and curve fitted perfectly! George's enthusiasm was growing apace. His blood, already heated with the wine that he had consumed, now was racing like molten lava in his veins under the exhil- arating spell of her kiss. "Mmmmmm! Monsieur!" she moaned Her lips tore away from his, only to plunge into his mouth once more with greater avidity than ever! George felt his knees giving way, wobbly under the ecstatic strain! Suddenly she wilted limply in his arms and would have fallen, had he not held her so tightly, so possessively!