BEDTIME TALES 38 On chairs and settees, more couples draped themselves in lesser or greater de- gree of wanton abandonment in accord- ance with the stage of satiety of their amorous inclinations. George paused in the doorway with Sara. Amusement showed on his face as he glanced about the room. Everywhere he looked there was a piquant exhibition! Two white arms around a manly collar, all else invisible except a silken kneecap. A gleaming thigh clasped by a flowered garter! Two faces welded in a soulful kiss! Masculine fingers frantically trying to solve the mysteries of a brassiere! Lace- fringed panties and other lingerie of all the colors of the rainbow! And a be- wildering variety of sizes and shapes in breasts that were pointed pinkly, redly or darkly! He heard Sara laugh and looked into her slinky eyes. "Monsieur might prefer a cozy corner instead of a dance!' she purred, lopping her arm with his. 'There is a settee just big enough for two non?" She pointed to the end of the piazza. Almost hidden in the shadows he saw the little couch, invitingly vacant. "I'm glad you suggested it!" he said, sitting beside her. "Oh, you should not be bashful or back- ward, mon ami!" Sara's lily-white hand seemed to be counting the buttons on his vest. "We are friends, ne c'est pas?" "I hope so!" murmured George inanely, dropping his eyes to the swelling mounds so frankly disclosed by the brevity of her corsage. An individualistic perfume, heav- ily spiced by musk, emanated from her with the allure of the orient in its odeur. She leaned back against a large cushion on one side of the settee. One hand still flited nervously about him, the other was resting like a lily-white bird on his shoulder. v "Monsieur didn't feel the chill on the balcony?" "No!" Sara's lips were perpetually open, whether or not she was talking, laughing or silent, and George was thrilled by her habit of constantly poking a salmon-tinted tonguetip between the edges of her pearly teeth. It was as characteristic a gesture as her musk-laden perfume! "It is never cold when Sophie is near!" she commented, smiling. "Her kiss is a living furnace, monsieur, oui?" George felt a bit embarrassed. He had always felt that it wasn't gentlemanly to kiss and tell," so he simply said: "Is it?" Sara laughed lightly. "You are a diplo- mat, mon ami! But you wouldn't be di- vulging any secrets to admit that you en- joyed the kiss of Sophie! She herself would boast of another conquest!" "It is her privilege!' said George. "But let us talk about you, mam'selle! Your hair is very pretty." Her fingers had slid along his shoulder and were now toying with the lobe of his ear. "You like red hair, monsieur?" "It is strikingly attractive!" Sara looked pleased. "It has always been as you see it now! I was red-haired baby!" George thought that she still was! "Is that a dimple?" he asked, placing a hesitant hand near the bend of her elbow. "Mais out! And here is another!" She lifted the other elbow. "There are many more, aussi!" "Where?" he pursued, courageously. "For instance ..." she whispered, pull- ing down the front of her gown ever so slightly. In the valley between her breasts, George saw a perfect dimpled recess, but his eyes did not overlook the red carnation buds on the adjacent hill tops! He bent his head to kiss the dimple, distended and crystal hard! It was as and then his lips travelled to first one and then the twin bud, both becoming