BEDTIME TALES 6 chandelier, he regarded her, strange emo- tions coursing through his body. He had never seen anything so beautiful, so de- sirable. "I never knew that a woman could be so lovely," he said solemnly, and touched his bedewed forehead with a handkerchief. Her lips parted in a glowing smile. "Love makes all women beautiful," she whispered, dimpling and blushing very prettily. "Love?" He remained before her, his breath coming fast. "Do you mean--?" "That I love you, mon amour!" Her soft voice thrilled him, and he quivered in anticipating of her caresses. "From the first minute I saw you, I loyed you!" Exultantly sure of herself, "Marcelle drew his head down to her, and kissed him full upon the lips. Her warm fingers caressed his cheeks, and moving upward, stroked his curly black hair with a motion so tender as to lull him to a sense of ab- solute security. "You are going to learn the true hidden meaning of the word 'love'," she promised, looking at him for a moment, and then dropping her eyes. His lips narrowed into a slim, straight line. "I believe that I am beginning to learn--already!" he announced, tighten- ing her masterfully in an arm which had ceased to tremble. "Then kiss me!" She stared pleadingly into his eyes. "Kiss me, and teach me-- the meaning of your kind of love!" She nestled in his arms, her head resting upon his shoulder, her eyes closed. "The meaning of all love!" he said soft- ly, forcing her head backward with a hand which cupped her lovely chin. "This is love!" His own mounting passion ans- wered hers in a kiss of terrible ardor, which touched her to the very depths of her soul. . . . Dawn.--The dawn of a new day and of a new life!--Marcelle lifted her head from the pillow and allowed her glance to roam about the chamber which would in the future be her own. Her life mate! Al- though the unexpected success of her scheming had left her somewhat dazed, her selfish, material impressions darted again to the fore, piercing the spell of unreality which enveloped her, and she smiled with smug complacency. She doubted very seriously that Pierre could awaken in her the tender affection which she still felt for the struggling writer, Al- phonse Fortier, but at any rate, she might learn to care for him to some extent. The luxuries with which he would be in a position to provide her would adequately recompense her for the slight discrepancy. Her heart still sang as she arose from the bed and donned the prim white uni- form which she had so carelessly tossed aside the night before. She would allow Pierre to sleep as late as he wished. N0 doubt, he felt completely fagged. "Good morning, ma cherie!" His voice, loud and clear, cutting sharply through the stillness, however, assured her that her concern had been needless. "Good morning!" She moved to the side of the bed, and lowered her lips to his. "You had better rest a little longer, chere, or you will be unable to carry out our little program today-" "Our wedding day!" His expression be- came suddenly deadly serious. "Do you really love me, Marcelle?"