BEDTIME TALES 36 heartedly to the thrill of her kiss and the exploring of her beauties, which were a study in contrasts! At last, she let her lips dissolve. Ahh! she sighed. It was the most luscious kiss I've had tonight!' A fingertip stroked his cheek. "Monsieur would like another cocktail, perhaps?" "I'd like another kiss!" "Oh, but you are greedy!" "No! Thirsty!" She pinched his nose playfully. Mon- sieur shall have both kiss and cocktail, and as many of each as you desire! A million, billion, trillion!" George was fascinated by her colorful personality! "You will wait here?" she murmured, approaching the window. "I will bring the glasses! Cocktails before kisses!" Non? Left alone once again, George chuckled. "I guess that's why they call this town gay Paree." He hadn't taken three puffs of his cigarette before the brunette re- appeared, a glass in each hand. She sipped one, darting a tonguetip in it, her eyes sparkling! "That's mine!" he declared, reaching for it. 'Monsieur likes honeydew, I see!" She sidled up to him, offering her mouth. Whether the kisses tasted better with the cocktail or the cocktail tasted better with kisses, George couldn't make up his mind, but there was a tempestuous merger of lips before and after each sip, and when the glasses were empty she began to teach him variations in the tricky art of oscu- lation! In the midst of a particularly long and especially succulent kiss, she trembled like a reed in his arms!" "What's your name?" he asked, a mo- ment later, soothingly. "Sophie, monsieur!" she answered sigh- ing. "I am Sophie La Rue! They call me the idol of Montmartre! Everybody knows me!" "No wonder," said George, resuming the kiss. It was progressing steadily toward an- other crescendo of fiery flares when they heard someone fumbling with the latch on the window, and a shrill voice said: "Diable!" Sophie smiled, because she had slipped the catch that locked the casement when she came back with the cocktails! "It is Sara, mon ami! She has such a temper that she will break down the win- dow if it does not open. I! had better see what she wants." Disengaging herself from the interlac- ing hetwork of George's muscular arms,