18 Detective Story Magazine "There, Mr. Black Star!" he said. "It has been an exciting night. You sent a man to invade my apartment, and in turn I invaded your place of business--I suppose that is what you'd call it--and made you prisoner, with the aid of this very good friend of mine. And now you are here--and I'm quite sure you don't know just where. And here you'll remain for the time be- ing, until I form some plans and put them in operation. You'll be kept warm, and you'll have food. Muggs will guard you. And you'll be unable to escape." "All very clever," the Black Star re- torted. "But you are playing with tire, Mr. Verbeck, and are liable to be badly scorched." "I'll run the risk of that." "Remember, I told you my organiza- tion has a long arm. I'm storing all this up against you." "Very kind of you, I'm sure." He turned to Muggs. "How do you want to work this thing?" he asked. "Just let him fuss around with his hands tied, boss," Muggs said. "I'll get a strap or some rope from the closet and tie 'em properly. And if he tries any funny tricks, I'll either shoot him or pound him on the head with the butt of the gun--'tis immaterial. You can leave it to me, boss." And Verbeck knew, by the expression of Muggs' face, that he could. CHAPTER VI. AN UNPROFITABLE AFTERNOON. VERBECK put his car in the garage, returned to his apartment, and slept. He awakened at eleven o'clock, rushed through bath and breakfast, got the car out again, purchased groceries, and whirled away toward the old house. There he found Muggs pacing back and forth, with the pistol in his hand, reading the Black Star a lecture on the evils of a nefarious existence. The Black Star looked disgusted. "If you're going to keep me pris- oner," he told Verbeck, "I'd be obliged if you d give me another jailer." "What's the matter with Muggs?" "Barring the fact that he is insane, he may be all right. I don't want to be talked to death." Verbeck gave him a grin, for an- swer, and unpacked the groceries. He had small time to spend here, and, tak- ing Muggs into a corner, he bade him be sure to guard the prisoner carefully. "You may not see me again until to- morrow morning, Muggs," he said. "I'll be busy this afternoon, and to-night I'm going to that house where the Black Star has his headquarters, and start some plans going." "You'll be careful, boss?" "I'll be careful, Muggs. When it comes time for sleep, what are you go- ing to do here?" "Stay awake, I guess." "There is a vegetable pit in the base- ment, remember. Get plenty of blankets from the closet and put them there, and make him climb down and sleep on them. You can bolt the trapdoor and sleep in peace here before the fire. Careful, now. I'm off!" At one o'clock he put the car in the garage again, for he had decided he'd not use it that afternoon. Precisely at ten minutes of two, he was standing at the corner on which he had directed the crook the night before to fumble with his hat and await orders. It happened to be a pet day with shoppers. Traffic officers worked furi- ously to keep the crossings free of ve- hicles; uniformed footmen opened li- mousine doors and helped well-dressed women across the walks and into shops. Conversations seemed limited to dry goods and bargains. Verbeck had not remembered how the corner would be thronged when he gave the Black Star's man his orders. The 