120 Detective Story Magazine 90400 Broad! Get me that number, quick!" At ten o'clock that evening, a servant in the Crop and Stirrup Club informed Percy van Druyp that some one in Bal- timore wished to talk with him over the long-distance phone. Excusing himself to his two companions, Alger- non de Wetter, third, and Bertie Cole, in the smoking room, Van Druyp de- parted in the servant's wake. "Good evening, Percy, old dear!" a faint voice came to his ear over the wire. "Do you know who this is speak- ing? None other than your old chum, Chadwick Wade!" "Oh. hello!" exclaimed the heir to the Van Druyp millions, in a tone in which relief and anxiety were mingled in equal parts. "We've been worrying all the afternoon, and most of this evening, over you. The thought never occurred to any of us before but what are you going to do with Murchison's twenty-five thousand, now that you have succeeded in getting it?" "I'm going to Palm Beach with it," came back Chadwick Wade s response. "I'm on my way there now. I'll tell you something else that you and Algy and Bertie, your cute little playmates, never thought of, either. That 'Chad- wick Wade' might only have been one of the aliases of a clever crook. That happens to be the case, Percy. You ask James J. Donaldson when he comes back from his trip out West, and he'll tell you that the two weeks guest card I presented at your club is a forgery. Hello--you're still there, aren't you? That's all right, then. I didn't know but what the shock might have knocked the pins from under you. Yes, Percy, you and Algy and Bertie have been run- ning about with a bold, bad thief, all this fortnight past. You've been his accomplices in a crime, too--but don't let your consciences bother you about that. Murchison deserved to be shaken down. And, thanks to the three of you, I've been able to do it quite satisfac- torily--for enough to pay all my ex- penses for some time. "You don't need to send detectives out to hunt for me," the speaker added, in conclusion. "They'd never recog- nize me from any description you could give them. For I don't really look a bit like the young man you ve known as 'Chadwick Wade' for the past two weeks. How's that? Yes, I was in one of my many disguises. Now, I'm going to say 'nighty-night' to you, Percy--first thanking you and Algy and Bertie again for calling up the bank and keeping all three of the lines there busy, so that Murchison couldn't phone them to stop payment on the check, as soon as you saw me, through your opera glasses from the sidewalk below, wave my handkerchief in front of the window of his office. I hope, how- ever, that the experience you've gained will have repaid you for your trouble. That I was right'one crook, no mat- ter how big he may be, can always be made a 'fall guy' when another goes after him. Ta-ta!" "Central" informed Percy van Druyp, in response to his frantic in- quiry, that the party had rung off. THIEF'S COMMENT ON BUSINESS HOLDUP business in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is rotten, two gentlemen of the stick-up fraternity recently told C. E. Carlton as they pocketed his watch and his one cent. "Our last three jobs haven't netted more than ten bucks," one of them explained to Carlton. "And a lot of bum watches," put in the other. 