The Captive Soul 89 nificance. I will explain to you what has happened to Miss White. " 'The name of Elie Metchnikoff is, perhaps, familiar to you; for he is the greatest man in his field to-day--ex- cept myself. To prove out a certain line of theories, my grandfather began work in this laboratory more than a hundred years ago. He left the work to be finished by my father, who, after years of labor, passed it, still uncom- pleted, on to me; so that more than a century of incessant toil and study has been the work necessary to produce re- sults that I have reached. " 'Where Metchnikoff is to-day, I ar- rived twenty years ago. Metchnikoff has said that, under certain conditions, man can live forever. He is right; but --he has never yet found those condi- tions. He is on the right track, his theories are all sound; however, his greatest opponent is man himself. "'Metchnikoff has found that life is made difficult in the animal body, and finally ended, by certain protoplasmic cells; and the place where these bac- teria get in their best work is in the in- testinal tract. The obvious remedy, therefore, is to introduce something that will destroy this death-producing enemy, and, with the discovery of the microbe glycobacterium, the problem appeared solved. So it is--if this mi- crobe can be kept alive in sufficient quantities. But, to do this, it must be. fed the right food, and, to feed it, you must first feed the man in whose intes- tine it is living. " 'That is the task that can never be accomplished; for, unfortunately, man is so constituted that he is a slave to his appetites. What man, do you think, unless he was put in a cage and fed like a beast, would maintain a life- long diet of the required kind? I have solved the problem in the only logical way.' "He went to the stand that supported Vivian's head. " 'It has been demonstrated that when the animal stops breathing, the tissues of the body do not always die, but that, provided with the proper me- dium, they can be kept indefinitely alive. This base'--indicating that from which the neck arose--'is filled with a liquid that will feed the tissues of the head forever with all the food necessary for healthy reproduction. She is the fifth person to whom I have given everlast- ing life, and I find that, rid of the en- cumbrance of a body, the brain is clearer and more capable of concen- trated thought. After I have made my discoveries known to the world, it will be only a question of time when people will live to a certain age under normal conditions, then have the body re- moved, and the real being, consisting of, or closely allied to, the brain, will con- tinue to live; and the great work of the world will be carried on by these clear- brained thinkers. " 'Miss White will remain in a state of coma for, perhaps, a week. Come, I will show you the other people I have with me.' "Yes; I actually sat and listened to that fiend, that archvivisectionist, as he expounded his hellish theories! Indeed such was my state of mind that, at his invitation, I arose and followed him into an adjoining room. "There we found the heads of four men and women, each mounted on its pedestal. To my further astonishment, if that is the word to express the mental shock I had sustained, they were con- versing in low, well-modulated voices. As I entered, an old graybeard looked at me sadly and said in a firm, clear voice, as though speaking to the others: 'Another who will be denied the peace of death.' "Strange, but the significance of his remark did not strike me, and, still in a kind of daze, I followed Hetzel back into the laboratory. The scientist, who was in advance, said: 