116 Detective Story Magazine I mean! And if you do intend to go ahead with it, why, you can count me out, that s all! I'm not lunatic enough to be a party to an attempted hold-up, carried out in broad daylight, and against one of the richest men in the country--" "Right-o!" broke in Algernon de Wetter, third. "I, too, refuse to have anything to do with it. That is--if you really mean to do what you've threatened, Wade. But you don't, of course. You've too much horse sense to attempt anything of the sort--" "I'm going to prove my theory to you," Chadwick Wade slowly and em- phatically interrupted, still smiling his quiet, confident smile, "by holding up J. D. Murchison in his own office to- morrow afternoon for twenty-five thousand dollars--and I expect to get away with it, too, as I remarked before. That is, with your help." It was Bertie Cole who spoke up, his eyes glowing with the fervor of a true sportsman. "I'll help you, Chaddie, old topper!" he announced. "I want to prove to you that you're wrong--juth as you thay you want to prove the contrary to uth. You've offered to make the testh with Murchison, by holding him up. I won't let you back out now, be- fore you've proved to yourself that it can't be done. And tho I'm willing to help you in any way you thay!" "Bertie, have you gone crazy, too?" "Do you want to disgrace yourself by getting arrested on a charge of at- tempted highway robbery, you idiot?" So, in shocked chorus, Percy van Druyp and Algernon de Wetter, third, cried out restrainingly to their friend, the rabbitlike formation of whose two large and prominently displayed front teeth was responsible for the impedi- ment in his speech. "He'll run no danger," Chadwick Wade reassured them gently. "Any more than either of you will in help- ing me. I promise you--" "But we're not going to help you!" broke in Van Druyp decisively. "We certainly are not!" no less firmly echoed the third of the line of De Wetters to bear the name of Al- gernon. "Lithen, you chaps!" urged Bertie Cole. "You know he can't get away with thith, as he thays. Why don't you thee it the way I do, then? That it'th up to uth to show him how bally wrong hith thilly old theory ith, by agreeing to help him. Ath long ath we don't run any danger ourthelves--" "You don't!" Wade picked up the thread of his argument. "I can as- sure you of that, to your own satis- faction, by telling you exactly how far away you"ll be from the actual scene of the crime when it's carried out. You all know where Murchison's office is. On the eighteenth floor of the Murchi- son Building, at the corner of Wall and Broad Streets. Well, all you three have got to do is to stand on the side- walk below. If I don't get away with my end of it in Murchison's office, you fellows should worry! I'll be the only one taken by the police. Nobody can possibly connect you with the affair, eighteen stories away from it at the time the game was sprung--" "But how do we help you, then?" put in Percy van Druyp, with pardon- able curiosity. "By simply doing one thing, pre- cisely at the moment I tell you to," Chadwick Wade promptly answered. "If what I've told you about how far removed you'll be from the scene of the crime is the truth, and if what I ask you to do isn't in any respect crim- inal will you agree to do it?" Percy van Druyp looked inquiringly at Algernon de Wetter, third. "Shall we do as Bertie, here, sug- gests," he asked, "and help him. in or- der to show him that he hasn't a chance 