126 Detective Story Magazine write this up, for the sake of poor Lord Fairfield, and the innocent man who robbed Moorkins' safe, he is no more guilty of theft than was John of mur- dering his master!" - "Nay, laddie," Burns replied sorrow- fully, "you nor I can do naught. Are ye hoping to stand op before a judge, and twelve healthy-minded British jurymen, and convince them of this thing that neither I nor you can under- stand? Think of the feelings of the public when they read the accounts of your speech in a respectable morning paper!" "Darn the feelings of the public!" Sheldon exclaimed, as he mixed him- self a stiff drink. PASSING OF NEW YORK'S CHINATOWN TIME was when poker threatened the supremacy of fan-tan in New York's Chinatown. The elusive full house was taken to the Chinese bosom, and players sat up far into the night in pursuit of the higher learning which tells a student of Hoyle when to toss away one of his two pairs for the sake of improving his chances in the draw. But that time is past. In this day poker and the Chi- nese of Pell Street scarcely speak as they pass. Because poker, with its chance for the individual player as against games in which the dealer holds all the advantage, appeals to the Chinese gambling sense, it thrived in Chinatown. The American deck was easier to handle, too--and per- haps to slip into a capacious sleeve--than the narrow cards of the Orient. But its vogue was of brief duration, for American detectives, who knew even more about the game than the crafty Chinese, swooped down upon it, confiscated the cards and chips, and arrested the players. Fan-tan came back into its own because, to quote one of the detectives who helped put poker out of business: "You can't tell by lookin' at a bunch of chinks playin' th' blasted game whether they're gambling or takin' up a collection for the Belgians." When detectives battered down half a dozen "ice-box" doors, broke their heads in low-ceiled passageways, and barked their shins on chairs thrown in their path by fleeing "lookouts," they often got to gambling rooms to find from half a dozen to fifty blind Chinamen sitting about tables and fingering buttons and dominoes. There was no money in sight. Sometimes they went over roofs, clambered down fire escapes, dropped into courtyards, shinned a wall, and let themselves in through a window. By the time they had pried loose the iron bars covering the glass, kicked out the window frame, and tumbled into the room, there was one suspected gambler left, and he was asleep, his head pillowed on a gambling table. To-day there is no gambling in Chinatown. That is a statement worth em- phasizing. The activity of the police department is responsible. Consequent of this, Chinatown is threatened with extinction. In another year, those who know say, there will be hundreds in the district where once there were thousands. The Chinese theater is gone. Stores are closed. Chinatown is near effacement because of the closing down of gambling. The Chinese is the world's natural gambler. He will wager on the number of seeds in an orange, on the number of grains in an ear of corn--on anything, in fact, that affords the chance. Unless he can gamble he does not stay in his home. Absolutely without home ties, and willing even to sacrifice his business, of what- ever it may consist, for a chance to be where he may bet something 011 something, he packs up and gets out when gambling is denied him. 