The Sultana Crescent 99 habitual criminal was led into head- quarters. Mary Berger identified him at once as the man who had sold her the clasp, and he did not deny it. Then the girl was allowed to go, and Inspec- tor Cameron himself questioned the suspect. Jimmy admitted he had sold the girl the jewel, but said he had picked it up. When pressure had been brought to bear upon him, however, he said that he had not picked it up, but that a mes- senger boy whom he did not know had brought it to him in a small box a few days before; he could not remember what day it was. It was addressed to him, and inside was a paper with the words: "From a pal." He did not know who had sent it. And from this statement, no force could turn Jimmy. But a man who has served eight dif- ferent sentences in prison is hardly be- lieved at police headquarters, even when his words seem true; and Jimmy's wild story could scarcely be believed if told by an honest man. "Jimmy," said Inspector Cameron, with a sneer, "I wouldn't believe you if I knew you were telling me the truth." Then he turned to his at- tendants : "Very well, boys," he said, "take him away. It is the last time you will be troubled with Wooden-head Jimmy. If he had a partner in this game, it won t be hard to find him. But to me it looks like a one-man job." The inspector breathed easily. The great mystery had been solved. The reputation of the force had been sus- tained. VI. Half an hour later, detective Suther- land arrived at Sutton Street. "Well, old horse," the inspector greeted him; "for once you are too late. The mystery has been solved; and, Le- lieve me, boy, you have been beaten to it by a mere greenhorn, who has been in the service three weeks, and who cannot find his way, unaided, through the streets of Kingston. "Who's the new marvel?" asked Sutherland. Loaded with honors him- self, he could afford to welcome a rising star. "Young Armstrong. But there was no sleuthing; just plain luck." "And the culprit?" Sutherland asked. "Your old friend, Wooden-head Jimmy." The detective rolled his eyes about the room, and finally fixed them on the inspector once more. "Believe me, chief. I did not give Jimmy that much credit." Then he continued: "But since that is over, and I am not wanted, perhaps I could have the next few hours to do a little work on my own account." The inspector knew his man, and knew the kind of work he would be likely to attend to. "By all means, Sutherland, by all means," he replied. "Take all the time you want. You know how much time you can spare off that Port Antonio case. I won't interfere." "Thanks, inspector." said Sutherland, and swung on his heels. Early next morning, the detective was again with Cameron. "Inspector," he said, "as I wasn't in on that Constant Spring scoop, and as I learn that you were aided by several distinguished amateurs, and especially by a member of the British peerage, who is in the island incognito. I pro- pose to give a little luncheon to-day at the Myrtle Bank Hotel to those gentle- men who signally assisted. It will help to get my name in the papers, you know." They both laughed; then Sutherland explained his plans more fully. Next he drove to the hotel and made arrangements with the manager. After 