Black Star's Subterfuge 55 abandoned factory building, when pos- sibly there were a score of such build- ings within that area. And a search would warn the Black Star. There could be but one way to success--a di- rect and unexpected descent upon the master crook's den. Verbeck noticed that the pavement was rough--cobblestones, evidently. He could see little of the buildings he was passing, because of the dark. At the first corner he noticed an empty, one-story store with boarded windows. Beside it was a billboard flaunting a glaring soap advertisement. These things Verbeck remembered. He counted the blocks until the taxi made the first turn, and there, beneath the arclight on the corner, he dropped a piece of chalk to the street. He was trying to remember the trail, also to mark it. And, at the same time, his brain was active in quite another direction. He wondered whether he should attempt to overpower this man sitting beside him, and the chauffeur, and make an effort to turn these two of the Black Star's band over to the police. That done, he could call for help and lead the way back to the master criminal's headquar- ters, possibly capture him at work, and rescue Riley. But the chances of failure were too great, the percentage was against Ver- beck. Suppose he tried it, and failed? Then the vapor gun would come forth again, he would be rendered uncon- scious in truth, and left near home with Muggs, and, not having marked the trail, would be unable to lead a squad of police to the Black Star's place. It was best, Verbeck decided, to continue his acting and try to remember the trail. Whenever the taxi turned a corner, Verbeck dropped more chalk. He also was trying to remember the number of blocks between the turns, and he was gaining some sense of location now. On and on the taxi dashed, until it reached the retail district. Verbeck identified a corner; he was not forced to remember anything more now--he could begin the back trail there. Again he considered whether to at- tack the man beside him. But he de- cided against it again. If he did, and failed, the Black Star would be warned that he had not been unconscious, and escape. If he allowed himself to be put out near home with Muggs, he could hurry to the house, inform the police, and begin the effort to frustrate the Black Star's plans and capture him and some of his band. The taxi sped along a boulevard, made another turn, and lurched toward the curb. They were within three blocks of the Verbeck place now, and here giant maple trees lined the street, casting great shadows. It was an ideal place to drop unconscious men without being observed. The taxicab stopped. Verbeck heard the man beside him laugh lightly to himself. And then- Why hadn't he anticipated it? He might have guessed the Black Star's man would use the vapor gun again be- fore putting him out of the cab with Muggs, for fear they might awake too soon and create a disturbance before the taxi got away! Why hadn't he been on guard, ready to hold his breath again, and act as before? His senses whirled. Dimly he re- membered the chalk trail--the corner from which he was to start--that the possible capture of the Black Star and the immediate rescue of Riley depended on his memory--and there was some- thing about a hundred thousand in gold-- His head fell forward--he seemed to hear a voice in the distance--and then the dreamless sleep came to him as it had come to Muggs! 