44 Detective Story Magazine was reported before. Should he not, disturbance will be raised at end of block to decoy him away at proper time." The Black Star motioned for him to erase, then wrote himself: "What about the gold?" ''Gold received to-day at noon; moved in quickly and secretly. Hun- dred thousand in usual sacks. Intend keeping it here about week, then ship- ping it on, part at time." When Verbeck read that he had dif- ficulty in adhering to his determination to betray no astonishment. Was it possible the master criminal and his band contemplated the theft of a hun- dred thousand dollars in gold coin ? And they were discussing it here be- fore him and Muggs as if they had been discussing the state of the weather! "Arrangements for moving per- fected?" the Black Star wrote now. "Everything in readinecs; cannot fail," the other answered with the chalk. "Two closed autos. Six of us to handle coin. Garbage wagon will block one end of alley; we will guard other end." Verbeck was getting the details swiftly now, and an exchange of glances with Muggs showed that the latter also was letting every word writ- ten on the blackboard beat into his brain, and making a special effort to remember. They were going to move a fortune in gold in two closed autos. One end of the alley would be blocked and the other guarded. Of all the nerve- "Good!" the Black Star was writing now. "Let it be to-night at the time agreed." Why, Verbeck even knew the time! Two o'clock in the morning, when the policeman on the beat would either be drinking coffee in a restaurant, else at- tracted by a fake fight! All Verbeck had to do now, if al- lowed to go, or if he escaped in time, was to get word to Detective Riley and to police headquarters, have the chief ascertain what bank or trust company had a hundred thousand in gold re- ceived that day, place police around the building, frustrate the Black Star's plan, and possibly capture the master crook or some of his band! Moreover, there was a chance- But the Black Star was writing again : "Observe men on couch. One near- est you is Verbeck--other his man, Muggs. Keep your eyes peeled for them in public." "O. K.," the other wrote. The Black Star nodded and waved his hand in a gesture of dismissal. The other bowed and backed through the door. A minute of silence, then the tinkling of the bell! "Ah; he has gone!" the Black Star spoke. "You see, Mr. Verbeck, I have the same arrangement as before. I never see the faces of these men of mine, and they never get a glance at me. We do not hear each other's voices. I gather information, plan the work, di- vide profits. They are faithful men who work together at my bidding. But they could not testify against me, nor I against them, in case of capture. You see?" "Yeh?" Muggs cried. "How about the eight we caught before? They saw your face, all right!" "My dear Muggs ! They were bailed out, were they not? And they have left the country, supplied with ample funds, you may be sure. The men working with me now are those who were not caught and did not see my face--and some new ones my partner procured." "You mean to stand there and tell us," Verbeck said, "that you are going to steal a hundred thousand in gold coin to-night?" "At precisely two o'clock in the morning, Mr. Verbeck." 