26 Detective Story Magazine "No doubt you mean well," he said; "but damme! begin at the beginning! Who are you, and what have you come to tell us?" "Oo are I ? 'Ere's oo I ham!" wheezed the cabman, proffering a greasy license. "Richard 'Amper, No. 3 Breams Mews, Dulwich Village." "That's all right," said Dunbar, thrusting back the proffered document. "And last night you had taken Mr. Harding, the member of Parliament, to his residence in-" "In Peers' Chambers, Westminister-- that's it, guvnor! Cornin' back, I 'ave to pass along the north side o' the square, an' just a'ead o' me, I see old Tom Brian a-pullin' round the Johnny 'Orner--'im cornin' from Palace Man- sions." "Mr. Exel only mentioned seeing one cab," muttered Dunbar, glancing keenly aside at Sowerby. "Wotcher say, guvnor?" asked the cabman. "I say--did you see a gentleman ap- proaching from the corner?" asked Dunbar. "Yus," declared the man; "I see 'im, but 'e 'adn't got as far as the Johnny 'Orner. As I passed outside old Tom Brian, wot's changin' 'is gear, I see a bloke blowin' along on the pavement--a bloke in a 'igh 'at, an' wearin' a heye- glass." "At this time, then," pursued Dun- bar, "you had actually passed the other cab, and the gentleman on the pavement had not come up with it?" "'E couldn't see it, guvnor! I'm tellin' you 'e 'adn't got to the Johnny 'Orner!" "I see," muttered Sowerby. "It's possible that Mr. Exel took no notice of the first cab--especially as it did not come out of the square." "Wotcher say, guvnor?" queried the cabman again, turning his bleared eyes upon Sergeant Sowerby. "He said," interrupted Dunbar, "was Brian's cab empty?" "Course it was," rapped Mr. Ham- per, " 'e'd just dropped 'is fare at Pal- ace Mansions." "How do you know?" snapped Dun- bar suddenly, fixing his fierce eyes upon the face of the speaker. The cabman glared in beery truc- ulence. "I got me blarsted senses, ain't I?" he inquired. "There's only two lots o' flats on that side o' the Square--Palace Mansions, an' St. Andrew's Mansions." "Well ?" "St. Andrew's Mansions," continued Hamper, "is all away!" "All away?" "All away! I know, 'cause I used to have a reg'lar fare there. 'E's in Egyp'; flat shut up. Top floor's to let. Bot- tom floor's two old unmarried maiden ladies what always travels by bus. 'So does all their blarsted friends an' re- lations. W'here can old Tom Brian 'ave been cornin' from, if it wasn't Pal- ace Mansions?" "H'm!" said Dunbar. "You are a loss to the detective service, my lad! And how do you account for the fact that Brian has not got to hear of the inquiry?" Hamper bent to Dunbar and whis- pered beerily in his ear: "P'r'aps 'e don't want to 'ear, guvnor!" "Oh! Why not?" "Well, 'e knows there's something up there!" "Therefore it's his plain duty to as- sist the police." "Same as what I does?" cried Ham- per, raising his eyebrows. "Course it is! But 'ow d'you know 'e ain't been got at?" "Our friend, here, evidently has one up against Mr. Tom Brian!" muttered Dunbar aside to Sowerby. "Wotcher say, guvnor?" inquired the cabman, looking from one to the other. "I say, no doubt you can save us the 