26 Detective Story Magazine questions?" he demanded. "This is no hoax, so you d better act on my tip." Then he told the chief where the members of the Black Star's band could be captured, and when, and how. CHAPTER IX. "CHICKENS COME HOME TO ROOST!" THAT evening, there came the heavy winds again. They came as night descended, to howl about buildings and shriek through the streets, carrying the merest suggestion of snow. They swayed the arc lights, rattled signs, and shook skeletons of trees. And then they settled down to a steady blow from the north, and soft snow began to fall heavily. And through the steady sheet of snow gleamed thousands upon thou- sands of incandescent bulbs at the big hall where the Charity Ball was to be held. That hall had been built to hold thou- sands, and its capacity would be tested this night. On the dancing floor would be women famous in society, stately matrons, pretty girls enjoying their first social season. Gowns to dazzle would be shown by hundreds, and jewels--precious and famous jewels-- would flash reflection from myriads of electric lights jewels taken from safe- deposit boxes to be worn at this af- fair. and then to be returned to their hiding places. The galleries would be filled with spectators; a gigantic orchestra would please musical ears; in the streets out- side, hundreds of limousines would be waiting for the end. Verbeck was thinking of the scene at the big hall as he drove his roadster out to the old place again shortly after ten o'clock that night. He had intended going to the old house earlier, but had been delayed in carrying out his plans. And now everything was done--there was nothing more to do except await the appointed hour, call police head- quarters, ascertain that the members of the Black Star's band were in jail, and then turn over the Black Star himself. He would have a good excuse to escape the plaudits of the police and reporters at headquarters--he would have to hurry to the big hall to dance with his fiancée and escort her to her home. The gates were open, and Verbeck sent the car through and along the driveway, and brought it to a stop where it would be shielded by the cor- ner of the house from the swirling snow. When he entered the living room, the Black Star was sitting on the divan in the corner, and Muggs was pacing back and forth before him, still preach- ing on the merits of an honest existence as compared to a life of thievery. "Everything is lovely, boss," he re- ported to Verbeck. "This gent has been getting restless, but he hasn't made a move he shouldn't. I've been hoping he would--I haven't taken a pot shot at a man in ages." "We'll have no carnage, Muggs," said Verbeck, laughing. "We want to hand him over entire, not in pieces. Give me that pistol, and I'll watch the gentleman while you untie his hands and fasten them again in front instead of behind his back. I'm going to give him a cigar to smoke; he'll need it to quiet his nerves." Muggs did as he was ordered, and the Black Star accepted the cigar with good grace, and puffed at it with evident en- joyment. "Do we call the police now, boss?" Muggs asked. "Not yet, Muggs." "You and I have done a lot of things, boss, in all corners of the world," he said in a whisper, so the Black Star could not hear. "When you feel that you can't hold in any longer, you make me stop being a valet, and let me be a comrade, and we go out after adven- ture. It's always been all right. But, 