102 Detective Story Magazine little signal a minute ago, and if you will look closely at them, you will see that four of them are covering you with pistols, though the weapons are covered with napkins. And they are good shots, Viscount Braley; remarkably good shots. Better not try it. "Yes, Billy Binks." Sutherland ground out between his teeth, while fire flashed from his eyes, "we meet to-day under circumstances entirely different from those in New York that last time, when you murdered poor Mike Swan- ley, and nearly did for me. But when you distinctly drew attention to your- self and Miss Ransome before you en- tered the car that night, to get off at the next corner, then hurry back to murder her; when you sent the paste crescent by a hired boy to O'Reary, where you knew it would be traced, but whose explanations, as a habitual crim- inal, you knew would not be accepted, you laughed up your sleeves at the island police. Yet, it was a defiance, Mr. Binks, that I, swom to avenge Mike Swanley, could never pass. "And, lastly, gentlemen," added Sutherland, pulling a package from his pocket and turning again to his little audience, while two of the waiters safely manacled De Launcey, "take a look at the two Sultana Crescents, the genuine and the false. This is the duplicate. It was taken from Mary Berger, and is probably worth five shil- lings. And this is the genuine crescent. It was taken from Mr. de Launcey's rooms upstairs while we sat at luncheon here, and brought me by a waiter. Colonel Ransome valued it at seventy- five thousand dollars, and the best judges consider his estimate extremely conservative. SHOT AT RAT--KILLS MAN THE bullet which killed a rat the other day in the restaurant at 239 Cedar Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota, claimed its human victim when Daniel Golden died at the City Hospital. Thomas Christo, employed in the restaurant, took a shot at a big gray rat. The bullet killed the rat, glanced, and struck Golden in the stomach. STEAL SAFE AT NIGHT MRS. BECKY SIMON and her family are puzzling over the fact that not a soul in the house heard the night thieves who broke into their home, 903 South Bodine Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and carried off a steel safe. The safe contained one hundred and forty dollars and jewelry valued at one hundred and fifty dollars. The robbery was discovered when Mrs. Simon came down to prepare breakfast. NUMBER OF CRIMINALS PARDONED GOVERNOR JAMES B. MeCREARY, of Kentucky, who recently retired from office, commuted to life imprisonment five death sentences, and issued pardons in five hundred and eleven cases in the last four years. His pardon record fell forty-nine under that ot his predecessor. Constantly besieged by friends and relatives of prisoners for clemency as his term neared its end, Governor McCreary acted in only a few instances. 