Snarled Identities 93 son's ready reply. "I'll start work right away, and keep going as long as the going is good. How about you, though? What are you going to tackle?" "I shall return home at once," Flint replied, "and go through the safe. I must find out which records are miss- ing, and when I have learned that, I ought to be able to catch the rascal sooner or later." "You mean that he'll be sure to visit some of the people interested, or write to them, and that you can nab him in that way?" his assistant asked. "That's the idea. If Green Eye hasn't learned of our return--and I sin- cerely hope he hasn't--he won't lose much time in getting to work at the blackmailing business, and you may be sure he'll choose some of the most tempting of the local people for his first victims." Judson held up his hand. "I get you," he said. "That's just what will happen, unless he's scared off, and he'll work quickly, for fear you may return earlier than you had ex- pected, and get wind of the whole thing. Alongside of that, my job seems pretty punk, but you are the general." "Your job is a necessary one, and we may need all the dope on Green Eye's movements that we can get," Flint told him. Very shortly afterward they sep- arated, Judson remaining behind, while Flint and the millionaire reentered the car and started back to the city. Very little was said on the latter's journey. To be sure, Griswold seemed willing enough to keep the conversa- tional ball rolling, but he soon found that Flint was of a different mind. He was glad, therefore, when the detec- tive's house was reached, and Flint stepped out of the machine, after in- structing the chauffeur to take Griswold wherever he wished to go. "You think you can catch him, then?" the millionaire asked in parting. Flint gave him a strange look. "If I fail in this, I'll shut up shop," the detective replied. It was said rather lightly, but Gris- wold was a shrewd student of charac- ter, and knew that the famous Nemesis of criminals was in deadly earnest. CHAPTER XLI. WAITING FOR A NIBBLE. THORNDYKE FLINT hardly knew what to do about the members of his household. They had not yet been informed of the way in which they had been taken in, and it was difficult to de- cide whether they should be or not. After some reflection, however, the de- tective decided to say nothing about it, for the present. They accepted his presence as a mat- ter of course, just as they had done in the case of the impostor, and if he told them the truth, they would be plunged into a state bordering on panic. Moreover, if Gordon should take a notion to return to the house, after such a revelation, it would be almost impossible for the butler, housekeeper, and the rest to be their natural selves in his presence. If they betrayed their knowledge, they might scare him off just when Flint wished him to be most at his ease. Flint entered his study, and, after walking up and down for a few min- utes, seated himself in his desk chair. There was a tenseness about his look and every movement he made. He was like a perfectly trained athlete, crouched for a start of some record-breaking dash. The famous detective was well ac- quainted with danger, and to risk his life was an easy matter of everyday occurrence. He took up the most seri- ous and dangerous cases without a thought of the possible consequences to himself. Here, however, was some- thing different. 