Black Star's Subterfuge by John Mack Stone (Johnston McCulley) CHAPTER I. SUDDEN ILLNESS. SMIRKS, sarcastic grins, ingratiat- ing smiles--these things had Roger Verbeck endured through- out the afternoon, until it seemed to him that his countenance burned con- tinually because of humiliation, until his face had set with sternness, and he greeted friends and mere acquaintances alike with a cold and distant nod. The Black Star had done this--that master criminal who had held the city at his mercy for six months or more, who committed crimes notable for their originality and daring. It was five days now since the Black Star's robbery of the diamond vault of Jones &amp; Co., a robbery in which he had made Roger Verbeck, his man Muggs, and Detective Riley objects of ridicule. In those five days the Black Star had made no open move, and the three men who had sworn to capture him waited for the next blow, hoping that, when it fell, they would at least find some minor clew to follow, some half-hidden trail that would lead them to the quarry. Verbeck had spent the afternoon in the business section, purchasing sup- plies, for he had decided to live in the old Verbeck house with Muggs and Detective Riley, while his campaign against the Black Star was being waged. Even those who admired him because of his determination to match wits with the master criminal, smiled knowingly when he passed. They had read the Black Star's letters to the newspapers, in which he had told how he had hid- den in Verbeck's own house, while the police looked for him throughout the city. And now, at seven o'clock in the eve- ning, Roger Verbeck sat at a table in a corner of a fashionable restaurant, his back to the room, and tried to enjoy his dinner. Detective Riley had gone to police headquarters for a visit. Muggs was purchasing more supplies, and was to get his own dinner and meet Verbeck with the roadster an hour later. Enjoyment of the meal seemed an impossibility. Verbeck knew those in the restaurant who recognized him were grinning behind his back. He knew the public was watching the duel between himself and the Black Star, ready to ridicule Verbeck if he lost, and as eager to applaud him if he won and sent the master rogue to prison. The police worked in vain to corral the master crook and his band. Long ago the public had begun to regard the police department as worthless in this particular affair. Moreover, the feud between Roger Verbeck, the young mil- lionaire, and the Black Star, acknowl- edged clever criminal, was more spec- tacular. And so Verbeck found him- self in a corner. To save himself from humiliation, he must continue his cam- 