Tales of the Chemists' Club 115 reader will remember Ritchie's unfortu- nate condition of mind and his still more distressing condition of heart, and will pity rather than censure him for agreeing to this nefarious proposition. When Winsted had gone, the young man sat for many minutes with his head in his hands, a prey to remorse. Then he sprang up, and began to rave. He swore that all was fair in love and gold mining; that the moral law was well known not to extend north of the fifty-fifth parallel of latitude, and that any man alive would do the same under similar conditions. Having relieved his mind in this way, he went to work with vigor. No leisure and short allowance of sleep was his rule from that time forth, during the course of these analyses. He was occa- sionally interrupted by one of his three tempters--four, indeed, counting Mr. Tripp--and he agreed to every propo- sition made to him; but he touched no- body's money. It was four o'clock on a certain morning when he finished his work, and made the last of his calculations. From the full report, he made a brief abstract, in which the results of his analyses were shown in three classifica- tions, as follows: Ounces of gold per ton. Value per ton. No. 1 6.44 $137.70 No. 2 5.89 117.96 No. 3 6.27 125.48 The Yellow Dog was a surprisingly good property, judging from this assay and from what Medway had said about the general characteristics of the lode. If Winsted could buy it for ten thou- sand dollars, he ought to be a good father-in-law to the man that had given him the opportunity. This thought in confused form was in Ritchie's brain, as he turned from his work in utter exhaustion. Throw- ing an old fur coat upon the floor, and drawing the first thing he could get his hand on over him for a coverlet, he pre- pared to sleep upon the problem in- volved in his singular situation. When he awoke it was noonday, and the problem had solved itself, for there sat Winsted beside the table, digesting the result of Ritchie's labors. The young man had forgotten to lock his door before he slept. "Well, upon my word!" he ex- claimed. raising his stiffened and aching frame from the floor, and glaring at his visitor. Winsted nodded pleasantly, as he thrust the report into his pocket. "It's all right," he said; "I'm going to find Atherton. You'd better take an- other nap." He was gone before Ritchie could in- terpose any objection. As quickly as possible the chemist followed. Winsted was out of sight. In these circum- stances it seemed to be Ritchie's duty to hunt up Atherton and Medway, and make a report to them. He sought them all day, and for some hours of the evening, vainly. At last, in great weariness, he went to bed. On the following morning he decided that the best thing to do would be to wait in his laboratory. It should be a certainty that those he wished to see would come here during the day. At four o'clock in the afternoon they had not appeared. At five, there came a young Indian with a note. It was from Jennie Winsted, and it ran as fol- lows: Dear Mr. Ritchie: I know that you are perfectly innocent, but father is crazy. Ath- erton, Tripp, and Medway have decamped together. Of course, you know by this time that father bought the mine for fifteen thou- sand dollars cash. It was all a swindle. The ore that you analyzed never came from the Yellow Dog Mine. It was bought some- where else. Medway, of course, was in the plot. They got that fellow Cullom to give father the tip, and they knew he'd go to you, because we all like you so much, and you have been seen so often with father and me. It's dreadful; but don't you worry. I won't 