Black Star's Subterfuge 53 I care not how long the game endures, if I take all the tricks. Ah, here is our friend again! It is your turn now, Mr. Verbeck." The man with the vapor gun stepped swiftly across the room. CHAPTER VI. THE BLAZED TRAIL. VERBECK'S feet were lashed to- gether and his hands tied, but Roger Verbeck refused to despair in the face of even such obstacles as those. He waited until the masked and robed figure with the vapor gun was within six feet of him, until the gun was thrown up as if to be discharged, and then, holding his breath and half closing his eyes, Verbeck sprang through the air. It was unexpected, and he crashed against the enemy with such force as to hurl him to the floor. Verbeck re- gained his balance and sprang nimbly to one side, as the Black Star, growl- ing his anger, started forward. With his lashed wrists held at arms' length before him, Verbeck hopped like a toad across the room, and brought up against the wall beside the nearest blackboard. His brain was working as well as his muscles. Through Verbeck's mind flashed the thought that his abduction and that of Muggs, their visit to the Black Star's headquarters, their knowl- edge of the crime planned for that night would be of no value unless he could tell afterward where the headquarters was located. If he inhaled that pungent vapor, he would be able to tell nothing except the appearance of the room's interior. He backed away as the Black Star and the other man approached him again, with more caution this time. They sprang toward him together, and Verbeck whirled and presented his back. He threw an elbow back sharply as he felt one of them grasp him by the shoulder, and some one grunted in sud- den pain as the elbow struck into the pit of his stomach. Both men had their hands on him now, trying to bend him backward, with the intention, Verbeck felt sure, of dis- charging a cloud of vapor into his face, and rendering him unconscious. Then he would be carried to the taxicab like a bag of meal, and, after a time, de- posited with Muggs near home, there to regain consciousness and remember that the Black Star held Detective Riley prisoner, and that he did not know where. He struggled as well as he could with his feet and wrists bound. He grasped the end of the blackboard and bent his head, trying to avoid the cloud of vapor he knew was coming. His hands went into the chalk box--me- chanically he grasped half a dozen pieces of crayon and crushed them in his palm. A sudden wrench, and they bore him backward, working roughly and with- out speaking. Verbeck saw the vapor gun presented at his face, and caught his breath. The trigger was pressed; vapor filled the air about him. Verbeck held his breath. He stag- gered backward, the Black Star still clinging to him. Foot by foot, pretend- ing to grow weaker, he stumbled from the wall and the vapor cloud, fighting himself to keep from taking a breath. At the same time he turned actor-- his eyes fluttered, he grew limp, did everything to give the men who gasped him the idea that the vapor had done its work. It seemed that his lungs would burst. Red streaks flashed be- fore his eyes. And then--carefully, slowly--he let air into his nostrils, hop- ing that the danger was over. "That fixed him!" The Black Star broke a rule and 