May and December By Frank Parks AGNES MILLER'S good fortune was the talk of town and coun- try when it was announced that she was to marry Norton Torrey. He was worth half a million dollars, which amounts to wealth, out- side the big cities. He had lived for thirty years in Holliston, a pretty lit- tle town on the Delaware River, not far from the famous Water Gap, and al- ways had enjoyed the distinction of being the richest man in the place. At the time of his engagement to Miss Miller, he was fifty-four years old, and had been a widower for a decade. So far as was known to Holliston peo- ple, he had no near relatives except one son, from whom he was estranged. This son was engaged in a manufactur- ing business in Trenton, New Jersey, and was said to be almost as rich as his father. Agnes Miller was an orphan when she was four years old. Her father-- who survived her mother a little over a year--left a few thousand dollars for his child's support. This sum was not very well managed by her guardian, but he made up in generosity what he lacked in business ability; and gave the girl a home and an education. When she was seventeen years old, she began to make a little money by writing stories, and thus ceased to be altogether a charge upon her guardian; but her literary ability was not of a high order, and it is doubtful whether she ever could have made a living with her pen. This question ceased to be of interest, however, when she attracted the atten- tion of Norton Torrey. It was a fore- gone conclusion that she would accept him, for, aside from his money, he was a man to win a woman. He was ad- mitted to be by all odds the handsomest man, young or old, who ever had stepped inside the limits of that town- ship. Holliston had two principal "sights" with which to delight visitors. One of them was Mr. Torrey's house and the other was Mr. Torrey. He had a commanding figure; he always dressed exceptionally well; his manner was affable, and his conversation was brilliant. An ideal husband, truly; and yet there were rumors that the first Mrs. Torrey had not been happy, and even that her death had been hastened by a hidden sorrow. With a proper regard for his ward's interests, the guardian of Miss Miller tried to get some light upon the basis of these stories, but he failed. The girl herself considered them the malicious whisperings of envy. Not even the most hardened gossip dared to hint to Agnes that there was peril in marriage with Norton Torrey. She paid no heed to idle stories; she cared nothing that her husband would be much more than twice her age; she went to her bridal with a light heart, and with the surest expectation of happiness. Some months later, it was said of her, as of her predecessor in that house- hold, that she was unhappy; but no one could say why. Two years went by; and then, of a sudden, Mr. Torrey's 