The Red Raven Stories 89 escape within half a block, while oth- ers were watching the bank in front and invading the building with a trusty janitor. Nine o'clock. Ravenswood had not stirred. Ten seconds passed. "Suppose the machine fails, Dickie?" Nolan's eyes were bright and dilated, but he was very pale. Ravenswood gazed at him a bit fondly. "It will not fail, Paddy," he said calmly. "It will--" No. it did not fail. The expected explosion drowned the words on the lips of the Red Raven chief. The muffled thunder of it shook the earth and walls around them. The wooden screen was blown half across the underground room. Great slabs of stone and cement fell to the floor of the circular chamber. A vast volume of smoke poured downward, filling every opening and comer. Through the blackness of it. the lights glowed wan and yellow, and the moving figures of the excited men were like appari- tions seen in a mist. Mingled with the terrific noise, un- heard because of it, came the crash of breaking doors, the smash of a bulk- head, the fall of a trap, the furious rush of heavy feet down stairway and steps. Nolan was the first to see them, the inpouring intruders, white-faced and fierce-eyed, and with ready weapons. He uttered a yell that rose above every other sound, seizing Ravenswood by the arm and dragging him into the nearest tunnel. "The dicks! They re on us!" Nolan shrieked. "Every man for himself!" Glidden's roar was mingled with it: "Hands up! We'll shoot to kill!" It brought a defiant shot from Lacy, sending a bullet through Glidden's arm, and then came the volley. Lacy, Galen, and Midget Mahoney went down, all badly wounded. Haw- ley. Drogan, and Finley were beaten off their feet before they could draw a weapon. Overwhelming numbers were overcoming the Red Ravens. The feet of two, however, were mov- ing like those of frightened hares. They sped through the tunnel, emerged from the back door of a lodging house within thirty seconds, saw that the way around a stable was open--and then they were off and away through the misty night. "Cripes!" gasped Nolan. "Our first slip-up, Dickie." "Never mind the slip-up, Paddy." Ravenswood's voice was calm, but through the black smoke that seared his face his features were painfully drawn and ghastly white. "It's the boys- the boys. Paddy! Heaven help them! Some are down and out--down and out forever!" "True, Dickie, too true! Glidden, curse the dick, has made good this time. What--" "Come on, and don't question," Ra- venswood interrupted. "We are down to doubles and cases, Paddy. We'll run double. Paddy, you and I, for the pres- ent but Heaven knows where!" "We'll get there, Dickie." Nolan's voice took on a more checrful ring. We'll get there, all right, dear old Dickie." Ravenswood grasped his arm with a viselike grip. "You bet we'll get there!" he cried, through his set teeth. "The end is not not yet, Paddy, not yet not yet!" Do not fail to read the stirring ac- count of the encounter of Ravenswood with Glidden. the detective, appearing in the next issue. 