66 Detective Story Magazine --was more important than the appre- hension of the thieves. Moreover, if they had left anything of value behind, they would be certain to return for it sooner or later, and might then be taken into camp. So the young detective waited until the two figures had vanished in the dis- tance, then he retraced his steps and turned into the alley. The pushcart had also disappeared, but Chick's mem- ory was a good one. As a matter of fact, it was not necessary to rely upon it altogether, for there was a certain amount of soil between the cobble- stones of the alley, and he was able to trace the narrow wheel tracks to the shed he had identified. "They've put the pushcart in here as well," he decided, approaching the wide double door. "I must certainly have a look inside." The doors were fastened by a hasp and padlock, which was a modern, well- constructed affair. "Precious little chance of picking it with a bent nail," Nick's assistant thought, as he examined it. "And un- fortunately I didn't start out this after- noon with the anticipation of any such job as this. Consequently, my pocket kit of tools is where it oughtn't to be --at home." Above the wide door was a square opening leading evidently into the loft, and above this in turn extended a stout beam, at the end of which hung a rusted block. It was plain that the arrangement had been made for the purpose of hoist- ing heavy or bulky objects, such as bales of hay, into the loft. "I might be able to get in there if I could find a rope," Chick told him- self, glancing around him. It seemed too much to expect, but he went on down the alley, and pres- ently, through a cobwebbed window, one pane of which had been broken out, he espied a coil of frayed rope hanging on the wall of another shed. It was within his reach, and Chick did not hesitate to put his arm through the hole and quietly possess himself of it. It was more than long enough for his purpose, and when he had tested its strength, he hastened back to the shed which housed the mystery. All this had taken some time, and dusk was beginning to manifest itself when he set to work. It was the work of only a few sec- onds to throw one end of the rope over the horizontal projecting beam, after which a loop was made and pulled tight. A further test of the rope's strength followed, and then Chick began to climb. He clambered up hand over hand, with his feet hanging limply beneath him and his eyes peeled for the first signs of a possible interruption. In a few minutes he was within reach of the beam, and in a position to swing himself into the square open- ing. Before entering, however, he thought it best to loosen the rope, work it off the beam, and throw it into the loft. He did not care to leave it dan- gling there to attract attention, and possibly to reveal his presence to some friend or accomplice of the two men. The alley was dark, and the loft in which he found himself was considera- bly darker. He moved very cautiously, therefore, as he made his way across to where a black square in the floor in- dicated the presence of an opening This was close to the farther wall of the shed, and beneath it and against the wall itself a wooden ladder had been attached as a means of access to the floor below. Chick lowered himself through the opening, feeling for the rungs of the ladder with his feet. He was reasona- bly certain that he had the place to 