Tales of the Chemists' Club 113 they succeeded before Ritchie could make up his mind upon a course of pro- cedure. When they were gone, the chemist sat by the table, trying to think. He made poor work of it, being deadly tired in the brain. He would fancy himself engaged in formulating a line of action, and would wake with a start to find his thought busy with a prob- lem of years gone by, a question of conduct long ago decided the wrong way. Again, he would picture himself denouncing Atherton, on the follow- ing day--speaking a speech to him full of high moral principles and absurdly unsuited to the person addressed. While his mind was thus running around like a squirrel in a revolving cage, accomplishing nothing at great ex- pense of energy, he was suddenly aware of Medway, who entered in haste. "I've got rid of those fellow's," said he, "and now I want a few minutes' quiet talk with you." "You can't talk too quietly to suit me," replied Ritchie; "I've got nervous prostration." Medway looked as if he thought the chemist expected him to laugh, and then he shifted to the serious side of the proposition. "You've been having a hard time," said he. "I know that; and it's the real cause of my being here. Atherton thinks it's your reputation for honesty, and that I trust you. No, sir; you're hard up, and you've made up your mind not to stand it any more." "Suppose I have," said Ritchie. "What then?" Medway leaned forward and tapped him on the knee. In the Briton's hand were some coins, which jingled as he tapped. "You'll give me a private report on that ore," said he. Ritchie had hardly expected the lamb [i]n this transaction to show so much worldly wisdom. "Why, what's the game?" he asked stupidly. "They think the Yellow Dog is no good," said Medway, "and they intend to bribe you to make a favorable report to me. Take their money; take my money, and make three reports, one pri- vately to Atherton that the claim is no good; another privately to me, stating the facts, and a third to all of us, con- taining whatever they want you to put into it." "You can all go to blazes!" cried Ritchie. "I don't want anything to do with you." Medway laughed. "You'll feel better about this to-mor- row," he said. "Sleep on it. But, for the love of Heaven, get to work on that assay as soon as you can. I'm scared gray-headed for fear some one else will come along and make them an offer for that property. Ten thousand dollars would buy it, and, unless I've lost my eye, it's worth fifty times as much. My terms with you will be these: A full price for your work, anyway-- and you can get another one out of Atherton, so you're a winner, anyhow --and, if my game works, ten per cent of the difference between what I pay for the mine and its honest value." "Get out," said Ritchie. Medway laughed, and made a hur- ried exit, saying, as the door closed: "Think it over; think it over." Ritchie tried to think it over; but the harder he tried, the less he accom- plished. Experience had taught him that when he got into that condition he could find some small relief in work. So, having nothing else to do, he began to prepare some samples of Yellow Dog ore for assay. No sooner were his hands busy than his brain evolved a ra- tional idea. "I'll make an honest assay of this stuff," said he to himself, "and force those fellows to pay for it. I'll charge them enough to get me out of this for- 8A DS 