The Captive Soul by H. Ellis Davis I HAD arrived the day before for some late fishing; but as the weather was raw and gusty, I re- mained inside my little one-room lodge and sorted tackle. I had built this camp several years before, and, two or three times each year, I came here to fish or hunt ducks. It was two miles up the winding bayou from the Mississippi Sound, and stood on a little eminence surrounded by scrub oak, with the somber swamp stretching away at its back. It was, perhaps, a dreary, lonesome spot; but to me, a busy practicing physician of New Orleans, the days spent here alone, relaxing my mind, exercising my body, were welcomed periods of rest. On this trip, I had promised myself I would do something I had wanted to do for a long time--visit an old savant, a Doctor Hetzel, who lived across the sound on Gull Island. From the mouth of my bayou, his big, white house, which, except for one servant, he oc- cupied alone, could be plainly seen on the western extremity of the island, a mere strip of sand running for miles along the outer edge of the sound. Living the life of a recluse, Hetzel was hard to approach. But I had read several of his books with interest, and had a desire to meet their author. Those on vivisection, especially, were written with a boldness and finish far beyond anything by his contemporaries, showing throughout, where a fixed end was to be reached, the ruthless fanati- cism of the true Teuton. Wealthy, seclusive, a mysterious family of scientists, the Hetzels had lived on Gull Island since beyond the memory of the oldest natives, and this old man was the last of his line. Tradi- tion had it that out of the East had come a great ship with the first of them, and the material for the big stone house, and back into the East it had gone, never to return. As the dusky twilight began to creep into the room, and I bent lower and lower over my work, suddenly, without hail or knock, the door opened and a man entered--a man stooped, white- locked, wrinkled. Trying to show no surprise at his sudden appearance, as I was seated on the floor, I pushed a chair toward him with my foot and invited him to sit down. Listlessly, he sank into the chair and sat there in the half light, regarding me with an expressionless stare, his lips forming words and moving without sound, as is often the case with very old people. At last he spoke, and I was surprised to find his voice clear and strong, with scarcely a quaver. "Doctor Tyson, who I am makes no difference, but what I am about to re- late, if I can force myself into the tell- ing, will shock the entire civilized world." Rising nervously from his chair, he several times paced the length of the room; then: "But I cannot shake from my mind the doubt; cannot remain decided whether or not I should tell you and let the world take its action in the matter. 