Rogue for a Day 25 drive furiously down the thoroughfare. No excited chief of police could bully him with a lot of mandatory questions, he told himself. Let them fuss and fume for a time, then they'd listen when he telephoned. His actions had the desired effect. At police headquarters, there was a spirited delate for five minutes between the chief and his secretary as to whether the telephone communication had come from some practical joker. The secre- tary was inclined to believe that it had. The chief insisted that some member of the Black Star's band had turned against him, and was engineering his downfall. Verbeck drove on through the streets until he reached the Wendell apartment house. Faustina was waiting for him, and again Verbeck noticed that anxiety was stamped on her face, and now he thought there was a look of fear, also. "Well, here wre are," he said. "And what about the ball?" "I--I have decided to go," she said, looking at him peculiarly. "Brother Howard going, too?" "Yes--he is going." "With any particular young lady?" "No--alone." "Good! Will you be angry, Faustina, if I ask you to go to the ball with How- ard? I cannot explain just now, but- well, I'll be there late, in time to have a couple of dances, and bring you home. I'm sorry that I cannot explain exactly --it is something important that will keep me away until late." He looked up, to find her staring at him fixedly. "Why--what is the matter?" he stammered. "I--oh, Roger, it is nothing!" He sat down beside her and started to take her in his arms, but she drew away from him. "Why, Faustina--" "I'm--oh, I m just a bit nervous, Roger." "There seemed to be something troubling you yesterday, and there cer- tainly is to-day," he said. "Can't you confide in me, Faustina? Is there any- thing wrong--anything I can do to help?" "Nothing you can do to help," she said. "Then there is something wrong?" "Don't ask me, please, Roger. I'm nervous, worried. Just let me rest un- til to-night--I'll try to be all right then. Certainly I'll go to the ball with How- ard--and expect you later. And now you'll go, won't you, Roger? I must lie down--and rest." The puzzled Verbeck walked slowly to the door, Faustina following him. He took her in his arms and kissed her. She did not return the caress, and she seemed on the verge of tears. "Don't worry," he said softly. "You tell me not to worry?" "Why, yes. Perhaps whatever is troubling you will cease to trouble. We'll talk of it to-night? You'll let me help you?" "Yes," she said, "we'll talk of it to- night. We must talk of it to-night." Verbeck hurried out, got into the car, and started for the business district, Faustina's actions and manner worried him, yet his mind was busy with the Black Star and his affair. Once the Black Star and his band of crooks were handed over to the police, he'd look into Faustina's trouble, he told himself. Perhaps Howard was running about too much. Perhaps there was financial trouble in the family. Whatever it was, he'd smooth things out, he promised. He couldn't have Faustina worrying. He drove carefully, now, through the heavy traffic, and finally stopped before a hotel. There he entered a public telephone booth, and called po- lice headquarters again. Once more he got the chief on the wire. "Will you listen now, and ask no 