May and December 107 rect life, is now known to have been that most deplorable of wretches--a se- cret tippler, a home drunkard. "Incredible, isn t it? Yet it is true. Thar was what broke his first wife's heart. That was the horror which Agnes discovered within a month after she married that man. "Almost every evening, in the seclu- sion of his room, whose privacy no servant dared to violate, Norton Torry drugged himself with liquor. His in- dulgence was such that it would have sent almost any other man to the grave. Yet so miraculous was the strength of his constitution, that he would awake, after a secret debauch, with scarcely a trace of it about him. A half hour's vigorous exercise, a plunge into cold water, a careful toilet--and the beast of a few hours before would be trans- formed into the gentleman that poor Agnes Miller had loved. "And this wretched farce had been going on for years and years. Talk about the secrets of a great city! Go to the country, if you want to probe the miserable deceptions of human life. "The first Mrs. Torrey had suffered in silence. Her son had left his father's house in disgust, but had breathed no word of reproach that the world could hear. I don't know how much Mrs. Ward knew, but she did not open her lips. Agnes followed their example as best she could. "It couldn't last forever. Torrey's health endured beyond the bonds of all human experience, but it had to give way some time. And when it failed, the ruin of body and mind was awful. Oh, he was a nice man to live with, was Norton Torrey! First a drunkard, and then a maniac!" "And a rich man all the time," said Sharpe. "I think you have established the motive. Mrs. Torrey would have been more than human if she had cot longed to be a widow." "The prosecution will say as much," rejoined Harley; "and they will also make some references to myself, if they dare; but I warn them that the man who ventures to intimate that my rela- tions with Agnes were more than friendly, may expect to join the saints in paradise or the fiends in perdition, according to his deserts, and that speedily." He spoke with the tone of a man who meant what he said. The detective re- garded him curiously, remembering that he, also, had a motive for desiring Nor- ton Torrey's death. "They will prove," continued Har- ley, "that Torrey died of arsenical poi- soning. I shall not be able to contest that. Chemical analysis has shown the presence of arsenic in the body. "A part of the powder found in the bowl from which Torrey had taken the beef broth has been analyzed. It is white arsenic. "Albert Dunning, a young druggist, who recently opened a first-rale store on the corner below here, will testify that Alice Holden, Mrs. Torrey's maid, bought white arsenic powder at his store on the evening before the day of Torrey's death. "It was hard work getting that evi- dence, for it wiil hurt Dunmng in this town, and he knows it well. If it hadn't been that one of his clerks saw the sale made, I think the fact might never have come out. You see, Dunning was in a fair way to run old Doctor Seabrook, the other druggist, out of the business, and this will turn the tables. "It is rough on Dunning, for, by all accounts, he didn't want to make the sale. But the Holden girl told him that Mrs. Torrey wanted the stuff to poison rats--the house was overrun with them It's the old story, of course. Dunning was afraid of disobliging so influential a woman as Agnes, and so he finally sold the stuff. "About half of it was found wrapped in paper in a little drawer in a table in 