16 Detective Story Magazine his arrival, walked across and exam- ined the fragmentary message, raising his eyebrows when he discovered that it was written upon the same paper as Leroux's manuscripts. He glanced, too, at the pen lying on a page of "Martin Zeda" near the lamp, and at the inky splash which told how hastily the pen had been dropped. Then--his brows drawn together--he stooped to the body of the murdered woman. Partially raising the fur cloak, he suppressed a gasp of astonishment. "Why, she only wears a silk night- dress, and a pair of suede slippers!" He glanced back over his shoulder. "I had noted that," said Cumberly, "The whole business is utterly extraor- dinary." "Extraordinary is no word for it!" growled the inspector, pursuing his ex- amination. "Marks of pressure at the throat--yes ; and generally unhealthy appearance." "Due to the drug habit," interjected Doctor Cumberly. "What drug?" "I should not like to say out of hand; possible morphine." "No jewelry," continued the detec- tive musingly; "wedding ring--not a new one. Finger nails well cared for, but recently neglected. Hair dyed to hide gray patches; dye wanted renew- ing. Shoes, French. Night robe, silk; good lace; probably French, also. Faint perfume--don't know what it is --apparently proceeding from civet fur. Furs, magnificent; very costly." He slightly moved the table lamp in order to direct its light upon the white face. The bloodless lips were parted and the detective bent, closely peering at the teeth thus revealed. "Her teeth are oddly discolored, doctor," he said, taking out a magni- fying glass and examining them closely. "They had been recently scaled, too; so that she was not in the habit of neglecting them." Doctor Cumberly nodded. "The drug habit, again," he said guardedly; "a proper examination will establish the full facts." The inspector added brief notes to those already made, ere he rose from beside the body. Then: "You are absolutely certain," he said deliberately, facing Leroux, "that you had never set eyes on this woman prior to her coming here, to-night?" "I can swear it!" said Leroux. "Good!" replied the detective, and closed his notebook with a snap. "Usual formalities will have to be gone through, but I don't think I need trou- ble you, gentlemen, any further to- night." CHAPTER V. DOCTORS DIFFER. DOCTOR CUMBERLY walked slowly upstairs to his own flat, a picture etched indelibly upon his mind, of Henry Leroux, with a face of despair, sitting below in his dining room and listening to the ominous sounds proceeding from the study, where the police were now busily en- gaged. In the lobby he met his daugh- ter Helen, who was waiting for him in a state of nervous suspense. "Father!" she began, while rebuke died upon the doctor's lips. "Tell me quickly what has happened." Perceiving that an explanation was unavoidable, Doctor Cumberly outlined the story of the night's gruesome hap- penings, while Big Ben began to chime the hour of one. Helen, eager-eyed, and with her charming face rather pale, hung upon every word of the narrative. "And now," concluded her father, "you must go to bed. I insist." "But father!" cried the girl. "There is something-" She hesitated uneasily. "Well, Helen, go on," said the doctor. "I am afraid you will refuse. 