118 Detective Story Magazine he continued to look into the cold gray eyes of Chadwick Wade, which held his own as in a vise. "I am a desperate man. Mr. Murchi- son," the young man went on. "The statement which I have just made of my intention of killing you if you attempt to call for help, is no idle threat. I mean to shoot you dead, if you do not yield to my demand. Look at the mat- ter from my standpoint--which, I am sure, would be yours, if our positions were reversed--and you will see that that must be so: If I fail to carry out this daylight robbery of you which I have attempted, you are powerful enough to have me sentenced to the State's penitentiary for twenty years. And probably sent back for twenty more on one trumped-up charge or another, out of sheer spite against me, after that. I have no desire to spend the rest of my life rotting in a prison cell. I'd prefer to go to the electric chair and have it over with quickly, by killing you--if my plan falls through. But I know you're going to be sensible, and not let it. Hand over the twenty-five thousand." The financier moistened his dry lips. "But--but why do you make this de- mand of me?" he stammered out. "I have done nothing to deserve that you should come here to hold me up for such a sum in this way, have I?" Chadwick Wade smiled once more-- a mocking smile, about which Murchi- son, searching his face with his wide, fear-filled eyes, could detect nothing of the young man's former good humor. "You have, sir!" he replied, with grim alacrity. "This, let us say, comes under the head of just retribution. The biter bitten! How many of your fel- low men have you held up, at the point of the weapon which your wealth and power has placed in your hands; in many cases, demanding all that they had, instead of this trivial fraction of your fortune, which I am asking of you? Don't go over the list--I haven't time to listen to the lengthy confession that would make. Come, Murchison! Don't play the injured-innocence role with me. You're getting no more than what's coming to you--exactly what you've given to others--as everybody will say. If they don t, they ought to. You're a crook, caught by another's game. Don't do what the meanest trickster is above when he's been taken in by a fellow artist, which is to squeal --but pay up!" Wade pressed the pistol more firmly against the banker s vest. "Give me twenty-five thousand dol- lars before I count five," he presented his ultimatum, "or you're a dead man." "I--I haven't got it!" gasped Mur- chison. "That amount upon me in cash, I mean. You--you know that must be the truth. No man carries such a sum--" "You've got a check book, though, haven't you?" sharply put in Chadwick Wade. The financier stifled a gasp. He re- garded the other with incredulity strug- gling against dawning hope in his eyes. "Will you take a check?" he asked quickly. "Make it out to Chadwick Wade," the latter nodded, as Murchison, eagerly pulling out the drawer of the desk before him, produced his check book and hurriedly opened it. "You're drawing it against your personal ac- count in the bank downstairs, aren't you? That's right. Don't forget that the amount is twenty-five thousand." Taking the check which the banker handed him across the room to the window, as though to assure himself in the stronger light there that it had been filled out and signed properly, Wade, with a nod of satisfaction, folded the pink slip of paper and placed it in his pocket-keeping the capitalist covered with the gun in his other hand meanwhile. 