76 Detective Story Magazine "You're the second person who has asked me about it to-day." "Indeed! Who was the other?" The round face lost a little of its joviality. "Dot's more than I can tell you, Mr.--" "My name is Carter," said the detec- tive Nick Carter. "I've been employed by Mr. Fuller Templeton to make cer- tain inquiries." "You mean you are a detective?" Nick bowed. "That's about the size of it," he ad- mitted. The stout man took a step nearer. "Vot's it all about?" he asked, with concern. "I'm afraid I can't explain that to you just now, Mr. Schilling," Nick re- turned quietly. "You can help me very much, though, if you will tell me just exactly what happened in connection with that ambulance." Schilling remained silent for half a minute. "Vell, I don't mind doing dot," he said at length. "It has noding to do vith me. Ve got the order, and ve dit the vork. They'll have to pay us, and ven they do, that's all so far as ve are concerned." "Oh, I don't think you need worry about the pay," Nick said, with a smile. "Is that so? Vell, I m not so sure about dot. I'll get it for the first ambu- lance, all right, but they don't seem to want to acknowledge the receipt of the second body vot ve supplied." Nick's eyes lighted up. "The second body, eh?" he asked. "Ah, that's the trouble, is it?" "There ain't any trouble down here," Schilling declared. "Our clerk can swear dot he got a telephone message ordering the duplicate body on the same day the first one vos delivered, and ven the man came for the second body, ve made him sign for it." Nick was on the scent now, and he questioned the cabinetmaker more closely. "When was the original ambulance delivered?" he asked. "Monday. Mrs. Templeton asked us to send it up to her house. She vonted to show it to the committee," I think. "And the second order--when did you receive that?" "About two hours after the first one vas delivered. My clerk took the or- der and wrote it down on the pad. If you vill come into the office, I vill show you the exact vords." He bustled into the little office with Nick at his heels, and removed from a file a half sheet of yellow paper which had evidently been torn from the pad which hung against the wall. It was dated the preceding Monday afternoon, the exact time being given, and read as follows: Mrs. Templeton wants exact duplicate made of the body only of the ambulance supplied to her to-day. It must be ready by Friday morning. She will send man for it. "Dot's plain enough, ain t it?" the cabinetmaker inquired triumphantly. Nick nodded. "It seems to be," he returned. "And you say that the messenger called on Friday?" "Yes, and signed for the second body before he took it avay vith him." There was a receipt book lying on the desk, such as delivery men carry about with them, and Schilling's fat thumb turned the pages. "Dere it is," he said, indicating a line. Carter glanced eagerly at the signa- ture, but was disappointed--though not greatly surprised--to find that he could make neither head nor tail of it. It had been written purposely in a cramped, in- distinct scrawl that was nearly, if not quite, meaningless. "Your side of it seems to be fairly plain, Mr. Schilling," Nick assured him. "There's no doubt that you did make two bodies." 