86 Detective Story Magazine neared the front entrance, increased my pace again to a run. "With no surrounding grounds, the house was built on the sands of this bleak little island, and was occupied only by Hetzel and the old man who attended his wants. Giving no thought to the mystery with which superstition enshrouded the place, I raced up the steps and rapped loudly on the front door. But my knock was answered only by hollow echoes within, and I re- peated it several times, each time harder and more insistent. Baffled, I caught the knob and gave the door a vigorous shake. It was securely locked. "Going to one of the old-fashioned blinds in front of a window reaching to the floor, I tried to insert my hand between the slats and unfasten the latch. Not being able to do this, I de- liberately kicked loose two of the little pieces; for I was obsessed with the idea that Vivian was in the house, and to find it closed against me only made me the more determined to enter. "With the shutter open, I quickly raised the window and passed into the room. Here, all was in darkness, and, as the matches in my pocket wrere soaked and useless, I began groping about for the mantelshelf with the hope of finding some there. At last, tread- ing on the hearth beneath, I found the shelf, and my searching fingers soon encountered a candlestick about which lay several matches. "With the candle held high, the little blaze flickering above my head, I in- spected the room, which was evidently the library, as row upon row of sci- entific works lined the walls. Going to a door that stood open at one end, and peering out into what seemed to be the hall, I looked intently to the right, then to the left. Unable to fathom the heavy darkness beyond the feeble rays of my candle, I stepped gingerly forth. "To the left, toward the front of the house, something sprawled on the floor, and, in dread, I shrank back until I could no longer see its outline, and stood panting with nervousness. Then, calming myself, and deciding that the object could be nothing more than a rug, I resolutely advanced to inspect it at closer range. "It was a man--stiff, cold, dead. He lay on his back, and seemed to have died in the grip of some anguishing physical struggle; for his eyes pro- truded, and his tongue stuck out be- tween the bluish lips. His shirt had been torn open at the collar, and, stoop- ing lower, I could see that his stringy throat had been pierced by what I at first took to be some sharp instrument. There were two small holes on each side, from which a little blood had oozed and dried on the chalky skin. Then it dawned on me that the wounds must have been inflicted by some ani- mal. The man's throat had evidently been gripped in powerful jaws that had strangled him to death. "With an apprehensive glance about me, I turned from that thing on the floor and went back into the library, where I remembered to have seen, on a flat desk, a daggerlike paper knife of brass, which might prove handy as a weapon. For, horror-struck though I was, though I longed to flee from the accursed place, I still felt that Vivian had come here, and knew, now, that I must find her. That thing in the hall was all that remained of the old butler. Where was his master? Where was Vivian? "Taking in my left hand the candle, and a box of matches I had found on the desk, firmly grasping the weapon in my right, I again entered the hall, this time turning toward the rear of the house. The darkness was filled with terrors. Each instant it seemed that some weird monster of the gloomy house would spring upon me from the obscurity ahead. Once, a chair, di- rectly in my path, took a sinister shape 