Rogue for a Day 11 from here and fetched here at night. When everything was ready, I came. "My gang? This one man who knows me, got the gang together. Every one of them is an expert in his particular line. Each was eager to work under me, for I am in a position to insure success and big profits. My organization extends farther than you dream. Each man was fetched here and taught what to do. Here he comes to get orders and to report. There is no conversation except on the blackboard; and masks are always worn. "At the first, these men drew num- bers out of a box, and in addition I gave each a countersign. I issue orders by number, and they report by num- ber. If I was on the witness stand at this moment and wanted to betray my men, I couldn't do it. I could only say that a certain crime was committed by Number One, for instance--but if all were lined up before me I couldn't swear they were members of my band, because I'd not know. Do you under- stand that, Mr. Roger Verbeck? Very clever, eh? We work together, yet were we to pass on the street we'd not dream we knew one another. Absolute protection--you see? Hand me over to the police this minute--if you can-- and it will avail you nothing. No jury would convict on the evidence that could be presented. And my organiza- tion, in a hundred different ways, would come to my rescue." "I thought none of them knew you," said Verbeck. "That is the truth. You do not un- derstand everything yet. I have a band of men who do the real work. And I have an organization that col- lects knowledge I must have. Every man and woman in that organization has a very good reason for being loyal to me--" "Women?" "Yes," said the Black Star. "Many women! People in every walk of life. And, naturally, I have arranged it so that I could harm them, but they never could harm me. I heard of your fool- ish boast of last night, didn't I? How do you suppose I knew that? And I can tell you the combination of the safe in your dressing room, Mr. Verbeck, if you are skeptical, and tell you also that there is nothing in it at the present time that we desire. There is a bundle of stock certificates and deeds in the upper right-hand pigeonhole, and a score or more old coins in a drawer at the bottom--" "How do you know that?" Verbeck demanded. "I know a multitude of things, Mr. Verbeck. Get this idea in your head-- I do not know the names or faces of my real workers, but I do know the identities of those who gather my in- formation. I know them, and could punish them--but they do not know me. Tidy little arrangement? I fancy you'll not find a flaw in it." "You have deluded yourself into thinking it is perfect," replied Ver- beck. "Suppose one of your crooks is captured while committing a crime, and brings the police down on you to save himself?" "He would not. If he kept his mouth closed, the organization would save him. If he played traitor, the or- ganization would save me and see that he got the limit. I could convince you if I wished to talk more, but I do not; I must protect the organization as it protects me. You have pitted your cleverness against mine, Mr. Verbeck, and you have been successful in your first attempt--you have located me. And now what are you going to do about it?" "Suppose I hand you over to the po- lice?" "Even if you could do that--and I am not admitting it--you'd be laughed at in the end, and I'd probably con- clude by suing you for heavy damages. 