The Sultana Crescent 91 feel that I ought not--at least, not now. It would not be fair to you, or--aw-- to me. But there is one thing I should tell you about myself, and, by Jove, I will, though I had resolved to keep it a secret." She stirred uneasily. "Don't feel yourself constrained to do anything of the sort, Mr. de Laun- cey; I never try to learn my friends' secrets, and, what is more, I never promise to keep them." "I shall not ask you to," De Laun- cey answered. "And it shan't be any- thing so very horrid, either; you needn't look quite so alarmed. I am not going to tell you that I am an escaped convict, or a bank robber, partly because you mightn't believe me, and--aw--partly because you might." The girl laughed sweetly. "Are you looking for some excuse, Mr. de Launcey. to tell me that you are a Russian grand duke or an Austrian count? I assure you, I shall not stand for it, unless it is some name that I can pronounce without sneezing." It was his turn to laugh now. "By Jove, you are not so far wrong, either," he said, "though the sneeze doesn't come into our family. But you have heard of the Marquis of South- shore, haven't you?" "Indeed," she answered, "I have seen his lordship in the House, and I was introduced to Lady Southshore at Cannes last season." "Then," said De Launcey, "perhaps you will excuse me, and not have to sneeze, if I introduce myself as Rich- ard Atherton Fitzgerald de Launcey Eppsworth, Viscount Braley, son of the Marquis of Southshore." "You all that?" said Miss Ransome, laughing as she clapped her hands de- lightedly. "Just fancy. And I never thought of seeing a real, live English lord outside of the covers of the Il- lustrated London News, nor hear one talk except in a phonograph. But how churlish of me," she continued, with mock humility, yet with a winning hu- mor that robbed her sarcasm of any bitterness. "I ought to have replied, 'Honored by your condescension, my lord; I am just plain Mabel Ransome, daughter of Thomas Ransome. of Cleveland, Ohio, tobacco merchant.' And then I should have curtsied, I suppose; though, somehow, my knees could never learn that supple bow of your English aristocracy. De Launcey howled with laughter. I'll have to correct you on three points, he said. "The. first is that queens don't have to bow to their sub- jects, and you look every inch a queen- or ought to be. The second--" Mabel cut him off, and there was a mischievous twinkle in her eyes as she said : "Your lordship is exceedingly kind. Couldn t you drop a hint to that effect the next time you and Georgie turn into that little saloon on the Strand for a mug of ale and a social chat? It might help me along." Lord Braley--we will still call him De Launcey --was not offended. Who, indeed, could take offense at the in- nocuous chatter of lovely Mabel Ran- some. or try to suppress her bubbling humor? "Too late," he said, with a smile. "Still, I might be able to do something else; there are various grades a trifle lower that are not to be despised. But you interrupted my catalogue." "A thousand pardons, my lord; but you know a poor girl cannot afford to let a single opportunity slip. Your sec- ond point was--" "That you should not deprecate the tobacco industry. I have, myself, smoked hundreds of Ransome's cigars, and I never have smoked better. Any man ought to be proud of them. And my third point was that when you spoke of yourself as plain Mabel Ransome, 