66 Detective Story Magazine chief and Verbeck to whirl around. Muggs, revolver in hand, had run out into the path of light. ''Muggs!" Verbeck shrieked. But Muggs did not seem to hear. He turned around, threw up his revolver, and fired. The lens of the searchlight was shattered--the path of bright light that illumined the door died away. A shadowy form darted in zigzag fashion toward the factory. Muggs had gone to try! CHAPTER X. IN THE DOORWAY. ROGER VERBECK, millionaire and clubman, wealthy son of a wealthy father, realized in that moment what true brotherhood means. His relations with Muggs flashed through his mind. Muggs, derelict of destiny, crook, off- spring of scum--Verbeck had picked him up in Paris one night when Muggs, weary of existence, was about to throw himself into the Seine. Muggs was at the points those who tread the paths of crime often reach--disgusted with what he had made of his life, seeing no hope of living differently, ready to die rather than continue. Verbeck saved him; Muggs became an honest man. They had been com- rades since--a peculiar comradeship that caused comment because of the difference between them. Now Verbeck remembered the ad- ventures through which they had passed. Why, Muggs had even saved his life once! And now Muggs had gone into that factory, facing almost certain death--gone to the rescue of a man he did not know two weeks be- fore, simply because he admired that man. Should not Roger Verbeck, then, stand by Muggs, whom he had known for five years, with whom he had stood shoulder to shoulder in many battles? Verbeck forgot his wealth, his station in life, even his fiancée, and the happi- ness in store for him. He remembered only Muggs--Muggs, who often had fought for him, who now was facing danger, perhaps death, without Ver- beck by his side. Acting on the impulse that had come to him, Verbeck started forward. "Oh, no, you don't!" It was the chief who spoke, who grasped Verbeck around the waist, and called to two officers near for help. "We can't allow it, Mr. Verbeck," he said. "I'm sorry Muggs went in. Cer- tainly we cannot allow you to throw your life away." "Then send in your men! Muggs has gone because Riley, one of your de- tectives, is in there!" "Soon--but not just yet!" the chief said. "We must batter them more first!" He signed to the two officers to watch Verbeck, and then hurried away to have another searchlight turned on the door- way in place of the one Muggs had smashed. Verbeck, raging, walked back and forth along the fence. And Muggs, meantime, was crouch- ing just inside the door, recovering breath after his dash. Muggs was the fighter, the killer now. His lower jaw was shot forward again, his lips set tightly over his teeth, his eyes nar- rowed. He buttoned his coat tightly across his breast and pulled his cap down low over his eyes. Gripping the revolver, holding it in front of him ready for in- stant use, he began to creep slowly along the hallway. When Muggs had passed through that hallway before, he had been un- conscious, hence he knew nothing con- cerning it, and he did not dare strike a match; he was not sure his dash for the door had been unobserved. He made his way forward slowly through the blackness, his left hand continually feeling the wall. He reached the short flight of steps 