16 Detective Story Magazine the rooms and get that bunch of keys in the right-hand drawer of my desk--" "The keys to the old place?" "Yes. We'll take the Black Star there, Muggs. Bring the car to the cor- ner nearest this house, then hurry in and help me with him. We've got to have it done before dawn. Hurry! That's what we'll do. Muggs! We'll take the Black Star to the old house, and there you'll guard him, while I play master crook in his mask and robe." CHAPTER V. MUGGS ON GUARD. WHEN Muggs had departed, Ver- beck got up and walked into the other room, where the Black Star was on the door in an uncomfortable posi- tion. Muggs had left the window open, and the cold air swept in, bringing sleet and snow with it. It had been all one with Muggs whether the Black Star froze to death or not. Verbeck closed the window. He didn't want to carry the man into the furnished room, for fear some other member of the gang might come to make a report, although now it was al- most three o'clock in the morning. So he threw the door open wide, and rolled in the couch, and lifted the Black Star upon it, covering him with two heavy portières that hung before one of the doors. However, there was no expres- sion of thanks in the Black Star's coun- tenance. Verbeck went back into the other room and closed the door behind him. He took a candle from a shelf in the corner and lighted it, then made an in- spection of the house from bottom to top. No other room was furnished; there were no arrangements for cook- ing, no store of food. The Black Star, then, did not live here, only came here to receive the members of his gang. That would make it possible for Ver- beck to remain away from the house except at night. He went back to the furnished room and conducted an investigation there. First, he looked at the orders in the en- velopes. Nine was the highest number there, but Verbeck did not know how many envelopes had been given out that night before his arrival. And the or- ders were astounding. Only one had to do with gathering information; the others concerned pro- jected crimes. Some of them, Verbeck could not understand, since they re- ferred to orders given previously. But others indicated not only crimes, but the manner in which they were to be com- mitted. They told what to steal and just where to steal it, where there was danger and where there was none. Verbeck began considering whether he should give these orders out if any- more men called. Taking the place of the Black Star did not include aiding in crimes, he told himself. He would is- sue orders of his own, orders that would keep the members of the band from their nefarious business, but, at the same time, would keep them in touch until he could arrange a wholesale cap- ture. Verbeck fumbled around the end of the table for several minutes before he found the spring which released the drawer and caused it to open. As he and Muggs had seen earlier in the night, there was an abundance of money in the drawer. There were half a score of diamond rings, too, a pearl neck- lace, other gems. There was a box of little rubber type and an ink pad and a small memoranda book. Verbeck opened the book. On the last written page of it he found some- thing that interested him. At the top was a date that very day and below was a list of numbers, with hours set opposite. The book told when mem- bers of the band were expected to re- port. Verbeck found that the first was 