90 Detective Story Magazine " 'This way; I wish to show you something more.' "He turned from sight around a great bookcase, and I was just about to follow when something, and it seemed the voice of Vivian, told me: 'Look above you.' "Following the voice, or impulse from her, whatever it was, I looked up, and was able to spring back just in time to prevent being completely enveloped in a great blanket, ten feet square, that came fluttering down from overhead. As it was, a corner struck me in the face, and I staggered drunkenly, my head reeling from a sickening, stupe- fying odor that came from its folds. "Then, in a flash, it dawned on me what had just happened. Hetzel in- tended to add me to his list of subjects. "The spell was broken. With a spring, I caught the old viper by the throat, intending to throttle the life out of him; but, with the agility of a cat, he twisted out of my grasp. "Not to be checked in my intent to kill him, in mad fury I caught up from a table a heavy piece of copper pipe and swung it aloft to crush his skull, intending, then, to take my poor little captive soul and escape from that place of living death. But, with that same gesture--the power of which I cannot explain--that had arrested my hand before, the old man stopped me. " 'Kill me,' he said, 'and Vivian White will also perish. The last in- gredient is to be added to her food on the third day. Should this be left out, within a week's time the flesh would be- gin to shrivel and dry, until nothing would be left but a grinning skull; and she would remain conscious, as her brain would be the last to go. Before I perfected this last element of food, I lost just seventeen subjects.' "He laughed satanically as he said this, and the weird light of fanaticism shone in his eyes. As my hands fell nerveless to my sides, he continued: " 'The material for my laboratory has been furnished from among those counted as lost in the treacherous pass, who were but washed ashore and sought refuge in my house--and found it. Ha! Ha! Ha!' "With the diabolical laughter of that fiend ringing in my ears, the pipe slipped from my limp fingers, and, help- less, I turned once more to that beau- tiful face. "Again the lashes were slowly lift- ing, and, for an instant, the soft eyes rested tenderly, wistfully on me. When they were again closed, as though in sleep, I was seized with a feeling of utter despair. Then, something seemed to snap in my brain. A great fear over- came me. With horror that was a frenzy of terror gripping my heart, I turned and fled--fled shrieking from the place." It had now grown quite dark in the room, so that objects were discernible only in outline by the reflection from the windows. After a pause, my vis- itor suddenly leaned forward, his face thrust close to mine. "The soul of her whom I love is there now, a captive in that chamber of hor- rors. Tell me, man of science, what I should have done. Advise me what to do! "Ah," he said, as I remained silent, "you have no answer for me! I should have not expected it. The uncertainty must remain. And it is making of me a madman, a madman, a madman!" His voice died out in a shrill wail. I rose and lit a lamp, the light reveal- ing him slouched back in his chair, his haggard face more drawn than ever, his eyes staring vacantly in front of him. "How did you escape from the island?" I asked at last. "I do not remember anything more. A searching party found me the next day down on the beach beside the boat. 