Black Star's Subterfuge 59 there they found the bit of crayon in the middle of the street. Once more Verbeck stood up in the car and looked down the intersecting thoroughfares. ''Try that," he said, and pointed to the south again. "Drive slowly." The machine went on. Block after block they passed, while Verbeck searched the side of the street, trying to spot some building he remembered. And then he saw a one-story empty building, with boarded windows. "Stop!" he ordered. "To the curb! I remember this. We're within two blocks of the place! We'll leave the machine here and go ahead on foot." Only the chauffeur remained behind. Verbeck led the way, with Muggs at his side, and behind came the chief and the two headquarters detectives. They passed the first corner, and then Ver- beck began walking slower, watching the curb line, glancing at the gateway of every factory fence. "There!" he whispered. He pointed to the curb, to the chalk smeared on the walk there, where he had ground it with his heel as they were putting him into the taxicab. "This is the place!" he said, and led the way to the gate. There were the crosses he had marked; they were at the end of the trail! The building was small, and stood in the middle of the lot, with the fence entirely around it. It did not com- municate with another building, and was easily surrounded. "There's the door they use," Verbeck said. "Through a hall, down half a flight of steps to another hall in the basement, a few steps along that, and you come to the door of the room that holds the Black Star." "What do you consider the best plan?" the chief asked. "It is bright moonlight--we can see every square foot of the yard. Sup- pose your two men keep near the fence and watch the sides of the building. You, too, chief. I'll take Muggs and enter. We'll go prepared for trouble and try to spring a surprise. We'll get into that room some way, and there'll be action as soon as we do. You'll just have to guess from anything you hear whether it'll be best to remain outside on guard or enter the building to help." "But Riley--" the Chief began. "I suppose he is in there, unless he has been taken away by some of the Black Star's men. If he is there, we must rescue him, of course, so he can aid us." "Better let me send in a call--" "No!" Verbeck interrupted. "We can do that laler, if it proves necessary. A surprise, swift action by just a few of us, may turn the trick. A bunch of reserves would alarm the gang. If we do not do that, we may be able to pick up several of them if they come to re- port or receive orders." "All right," the chief replied. "You go on in with Muggs, and we'll watch the outside and be ready to make a rush if you need help. You're armed, of course?" "I'm not--I forgot. Neither is Muggs. The Black Star relieved us of our automatics and failed to return them." The chief stepped to the curb and signalled the distant chauffeur, and the headquarters automobile came to them swiftly. The chauffeur handed his automatic to Verbeck, and Muggs re- ceived a revolver that was in the ma- chine. The chief and chauffeur were to hold the gate. A detective slipped along the fence in each direction, keeping to the shadows, trying to get to a post where two sides of the building could be watched. Verbeck spoke softly to Muggs, and they stepped out into the bright moonlight and started walking swiftly across the yard toward the little door. Verbeck had but one fear--that the 