78 Detective Story Magazine with it?" she echoed. "But I--I intend to go on with it. I won't have this whole humiliating thing dragged into view, and I'll send a check myself this afternoon." The detective's face wore a strange expression. He had been sorry for the woman--was still, for that matter--but he realized that he would have to adopt a stronger attitude than he had in- tended. "You'll be very foolish if you do that, Mrs. Templeton," he said gravely. "It would not only be an incentive to crime, but something very like crime itself. It would necessarily mean that my in- vestigation would stop, for there would be no point in hushing the thing up otherwise. In other words, it would be shielding the criminals, and in a sense sharing their guilt." "But if I make the loss mine, isn't it my privilege to bear without com- plaint, especially when any other action will be very obnoxious to me in every way?" Mrs. Templeton demanded. Nick shook his head. "It sounds as if it ought to be your own affair," he answered; "but it isn't. You mustn't forget your duty to so- ciety, my dear lady. In the face of that, your own personal convenience-- the convenience of any of us--becomes of minor importance. I feel that I've made progress to-day, and naturally I don t care to give up when I'm sure we shall be able to find the thieves sooner or later." He eyed her fixedly as he spoke. "You--you have made progress, you say?" Mrs. Templeton asked, in a choked voice. As a matter of fact, the detective had only verified his previous conclusions as a result of liis visit to the cabinetma- ker's, but he chose to give it more im- portance. "Yes, I've just called on Ambridge &amp; Schilling--" "Ah!" Mrs. Templeton's slender fingers tightened over her handkerchief. "And Schilling has told me all about the duplicate body," Nick went on. "He didn't do it very willingly, but I man- aged to pump him in spite of his reluc- tance. Doubtless you know that I ex- plained to your husband yesterday the part which such a body must have played. Of course, you didn't order it; therefore it proves that whoever sent the telephone message must have known in advance about your plan, and the place where the work was to be done. In fact, it seems clear that this un- known must have examined the ambu- lance after its delivery to you, other- wise he couldn't be sure that the body was detachable, and that another could be substituted for it in a very short time if the dimensions were exactly the same." His words had a peculiar effect, and the changing expression of Mrs. Tem- pleton's face indicated the different states of mind which resulted. At first she seemed merely bewil- dered and astounded; then a hint of relief came into her eyes and gradually deepened. It was apparent that she was catching at a new hope. Nick, who seldom said anything without previously estimating its effect, did not miss any of these changes. In fact, he was more or less prepared for them all. He believed that Mrs. Templeton had been attempting to shield some one, either because she feared his guilt or because she feared he would be accused. That was what was troubling her so, and had made her willing to do almost anything to hush up the affair. Nick had long since made a guess at the iden- tity of this individual, however, and had reason to believe that the man he sus- pected had not been a member of the committee which had assisted Mrs. Templeton. Accordingly it occurred to 