The Sultana Crescent 95 away out on the lawn, where a small rural seat, entwined with creepers, stood beside a towering black thatch. The crisp, dew-laden Bahama grass crunched musically beneath their feet, and the fragrance of jasmine filled the air they breathed, and added its intox- icating stimulus to their already over- flowing hearts. The most serious moments are the moments when men find it hardest to put their thoughts into words. And so it was that these two young lovers-- lovers of nature, lovers of life, lovers of each other--with their bubbling hearts, had to fence for an opening. "I hope you had a lovely time," was the inane remark he first made. "Delightful," she replied. "Why, it is altogether different from the old ball days. Is it something in the climate or in the place, or the strangeness of it all, that makes the difference?" "For you, it may be all that," he an- swered sentimentally, "but for me it is something in here"--he laid his hand upon his bosom--"that causes the change. Can you guess what it is?" She looked up to him, and a fire of comprehension lighted her eyes. "No, no," she cried, "do not tempt me; it is not fair!" "Heaven forbid that I should take any unfair advantage of circum- stances," he answered. "Is it dishonor- able to tell you that you have bewitched me, that I see you in all my dreams, sleeping or waking, that I can think only of you? If I am cruel, I will un- say the words." From behind the distant Long Moun- tains, rising like a verdant island from the rolling plain that surrounded it, a sweet breath of rich sea breeze kissed her rosy cheeks and left them tingling. From the cold moon that shone over- head in all her splendor, or from the thousand brilliant stars around, a shower, as if of powdered glory, fell upon her countenance, and left her a radiant, enchanted being, as she turned the tender young face up to his, as she laid one arm on his shoulder, and whis- pered in the pure innocence of her no- ble young soul: "No, it is not fair; it is not manly; because--because, you know, Richard, that I love you; because you know I have fought against this for all these days; because you saw that the music to-night maddened me, and I had to fill up my program, had to give myself up to the wild abandon of recklessness, in the hope of mastering myself. There," she added vehemently, "you have tempted me, and I have fallen. You have allowed me to say what no self- respecting woman should ever say; you have made me ashamed of myself. I wish I were dead." De Launcey raised the delicate, shapely head that sobbed on his bosom, and kissed the drawn lips lightly. "My darling," he said, "you have only said the words that any noble woman should say who desires to make a man happy. "But I have said them before I am asked," she said, with a sigh. "No, no," he hurried; "my heart asked yours long, long ago. And only now it has answered, when my lips, too, had asked." For a long time, the two sat silent and dreamed on. Then, suddenly, De Launcey roused himself and spoke; "Will you go up now, dear, or would you like to sit here longer? I admit the spot seems chawmed, and yet I feel that I must tear myself from you. But if you care to remain and drink in a little more of this sweet moonlight, to take in a few more mouthfuls of this invigorating sea breeze, to commune with nature and your own dear heart, I am sure there is no danger. The grounds are surrounded and watched, and the hotel is near. What will you do?" "I will go up," she said simply. 