108 Detective Story Magazine Mrs. Torrey's room. She doesn't know how it came there, and I don't pretend to understand that feature of the case." "Where is Alice Holden?" asked Sharpe. "She has not been found," was the reply. "Of course, it is natural to sus- pect her, but that theory will not work. It is positively proved that she left this town early in the morning. She has been traced to New York. It is utterly impossible that she could have put the poison into that broth, for she was a hundred miles away when it was done. "To proceed, every servant in the house has been examined, and every one can clear himself or herself, as the case may be. There is no doubt what- ever that the poison was put into the broth while it was on the little stand outside the door of Torrey's room. During that time, not one of the serv- ants was alone. In short, though I naturally want to take a contrary view, I am forced to admit that they are all innocent." "How about Mrs. Ward, the house- keeper?" asked Sharpe. "I understand that she made the broth and carried it upstairs." "She had no motive," was the reply; "and her character will clear her. She is one of the best of women, and every- body in this town knows it. I haven't the faintest suspicion that she did the deed; and, in any case, as a lawyer, I know that it will be perfectly useless to try to throw suspicion upon her." "You are perfectly right in that view," said Sharpe. "Such an attempt would only injure your client. Now, let us return to Mrs. Torrey. Where was she at the critical moment?" Harley twisted about in his seat, and seemed afraid to answer, though it was evident that he had made up his mind beforehand to do so. "She was in the house," said he at last. "How did it happen that she was not summoned when her husband was taken ill?" demanded the detective. "The servants did not find her," re- plied Harley. "She was in an unused room, which is always locked. No one thought of going there." "Was she alone?" Again Harley hesitated. "No," he said finally; "I was with her." "Then, why do you not come for- ward and clear her?" "For several reasons," was the an- swer. "First, it would damage her rep- utation." "Scarcely so much as an accusation of murder," suggested Sharpe. "A woman has strange preferences," said Harley. "Agnes commands me to be silent. As a matter of fact, I ought not to have been there, but the case was getting to be desperate. Life in that house was becoming unbearable for her. We were discussing the means of end- ing her captivity." "An elopement?" suggested Sharpe. "Heaven knows!" cried Harley, "It might have come to that. I urged it, for I was mad with love for her. She refused, though she admitted her love for me. Ah, her behavior was noble! Her words might be shouted in the street, and they would do good to all who heard them. Only the secrecy of our meeting was wrong; but in a little town like this, what can one do? She couldn't come to my office for legal ad- vice. All the gossips were watching." "Were you with her all the time?" asked Sharpe. "All but a moment," replied the young man. "She left you in that room?" "No; I left her there." "Why?" "I went to get a document which was in a writing table in the library." "What was that document?" "A deed of some property, executed by Torrey in favor of his wife." 