The Crime Destroyer 57 credited to man. But how seldom do we find the same precision applied to the problems that face us every day? As near as possible, I am applying it to the science of crime detection. I do not jump to conclusions, and call it deduction. I build up from the known, and reach the unknown, not by a process of logic, which depends on premises as uncertain as the results at- tained, but by putting every wheel and cog in place, then reading the figures on the dial to which the hands unerr- ingly point." But I was becoming impatient. "Where do we stand now in regard to the problem that faces us?" I asked. "To use your own metaphor, what o'clock is it?" He smiled. "My clock is not yet completed. But we are nearing a crisis. I had Ivan Ivanovitch traced to a house not far from here, so I moved uptown. I took this place because it is near the roof and provides an excellent view. We will go up there presently--after sun- set. "Mildred Brittain is still safe. The Order does not commit murder unnec- essarily. Bob Brittain is the one to watch. You must gain his entire con- fidence. I think you had better induce him to introduce you into membership of the While Bear." I shrank from the suggestion, but he went on to explain: "Very soon he will be asked to take the Intermediate Degree. If you can be sufficiently convincing as an advo- cate of anarchy, you may succeed in attaining a like honor. Then you will be in the camp of the enemy, and in a position to supply some of the cogs I need to make my clock perfect." "But that would be to forswear my- self, to take oaths I have no intention of fulfilling; to act the part of a spy," I protested, for I must confess the idea was repugnant to me. "Yes, and the penalty of discovery is certain death," he grimly rejoined. "Is there no other way?" "Listen; the day Bob Brittain be- comes a member of the Intermediate Degree of the Order of the White Bear, the danger to Mildred Brittain will begin." I felt my cheeks blanch as I got to my feet, but I answered sternly and without hesitation: I will join the order. You hint at things I dare not even think, but I shall join. I myself will take a hand in a murder, if it is necessary to save her. But the hounds responsible for her father's death and the outrage to which she has been subjected will be my victims. Bob Brittain has been my best friend, but if I find he has had a hand in these crimes, I'll--I'll--" "Easy, easy, doctor; there is no evi- dence against him," he interrupted me. "Indeed, I will vouch for his innocence --up to the present." "To the present! What do you mean?" "I thought you had grasped the situ- ation long ago; let me make it clear. Young Brittain has been foolish. He is in debt heavily in debt. He is a member of the Order of the While Bear; but he is only a Cub. Hundreds of young men in this city are Cubs-- thousands of them. They are as igno- rant of the real purposes of the organi- zation as you were six weeks ago. They are fortunate. All they are asked to do is provide funds for the schemes of Ivan Ivanovitch and the enrichment of his bolder lieutenants, in the form of 'annual dues,' and 'special assessments.' "But take Brittain's case. He is in line for a huge fortune. Only two stood between him and riches beyond his powers to squander in a lifetime. One of these has already been removed. Despite his evident affection for his cousin, he cannot be oblivious to the fact that if she is never seen again-- 