104 Detective Story Magazine Harold Lumsden himself was peer- ing through a peephole in the curtain at that moment, idly surveying the nucleus of what he knew would prove to be an unusually brilliant first-night audience. For years he had enjoyed great prestige, and this was to be his first appearance following a successful invasion of London, which had added greatly to his laurels. "This is going to be some night, Har- old!" his manager remarked im- pressively, coming up from behind and putting his hand on the star's shoulder. "Dressed early, didn't you?" "Yes, I felt restless," was the reply. "Hanged if I know why. This sort of thing ought to be an old story to me by this time, if it's ever going to be." As he turned about to face the portly manager, he noticed an envelope in the latter's hand. Knowing the manager's absent-mindedness, he inquired: "That letter isn't for me, is it?" "Why, yes, it is," was the reply. "I had forgotten it for a moment. It's marked 'Urgent,' but I suppose it's only from some friend of yours--or, more likely, some friend of a friend--who aspires to the deadhead class." "Probably," Harold Lumsden agreed, as he glanced at the handwriting for a moment, and then ripped the envelope open. "We haven't needed to 'paper' our houses for the last few seasons, have we, old man? What's this! Great heavens!" The distinguished actor clutched at one of the wings for support, and the letter fluttered to the ground. The man- ager stopped to pick it up, but with an oath the star forestalled him, seizing the letter hastily and thrusting it into his pocket. "Bad news?" the manager asked anxiously. "A rather disagreeable surprise," Lumsden managed to say, making a strenuous attempt to control himself. "It's nothing you know anything about, you know, and I'll be all right, never fear." Harold Lumsden played the part that night, for there was nothing else to do, and the traditions of his profession demand that an actor or actress should always appear, unless ill in bed, no mat- ter what news may have been received, or what tragedy may have been left at home. But some idea of the sort of per- formance the famous star gave on that memorable occasion might have been gathered from the newspaper com- ments the following morning, for all the critics seemed to agree that Lums- den was far from himself, and that his conception of the part was strangely heavy and lifeless. Such was the effect of Green-eye Gordon's second demand. There were other letters--several of them, in fact --but we need not trace their influence here. There was no doubt that the black- mailer had struck some stunning blows, expecting that gold would flow from the wounds thus inflicted. CHAPTER XLVII. THE BLACKMAILER ADVISES HIS VICTIM. ERNEST GORDON was inclined to consider the world a pretty good place, as he finished his breakfast in Flint's dining room the following morn- ing. Everything had gone very well, thus far, and he seemed to have reason for self-congratulation. He had peddled the letters around himself the night before, thus saving time, and making it more difficult to trace them, as he believed. He did not know that he had been shadowed throughout by Judson, who thereby knew just what victims the blackmailer had chosen for his first broadside. Later he had returned to the detec- tive's house, and so had Judson; then there had come a telephone message to 