May and December 111 The druggist came up, flushed and trembling. "Question him, Mr. Sharpe," said the coroner, and the district attorney acqui- esced. Little questioning was necessary. The old druggist saw himself detected, and he confessed. He had sold the white arsenic which had proved fatal in this case, and the person who had bought it was Norton Torrey ! The druggist had known how crim- inal an act it was to sell poison to such a half-mad creature, but he had not dared to offend Torrey, who for many years had secretly bought his liquors through Doctor Seabrook. Not daring to disclose his error, the druggist had taken the risk of sending Mrs. Torrey to the scaffold by his silence. It became evident that the case was one of suicide, and when that view was presented, no one was surprised. Tor- rey's suicide had been predicted since his mental failing had been noticed. After Seabrook had left the stand, Sharpe explained the purchase of the poison by the maid, and the fact that a considerable portion of it was missing from the package found in Mrs. Tor- rey's room. The detective, after becoming con- vinced that the maid had not con- tributed in any way to the death of Torrey, had sought for a motive for buying the poison. Searching the house and surround- ings, he had come upon the dead body of a pet dog that had been owned by Mrs. Torrey. The dog had died of arsenic. In the excitement of the trag- edy in the house, the loss of the dog had not been noticed. It was evident that the maid had poi- soned the dog in revenge for the quar- rel she had had with the mistress, who had prized the animal highly. Having done this cruel and brutal act, the maid had fled. This discovery cleared the case up thoroughly. It had ended in a manner most satisfactory to Harley and Mrs. Torrey, for Sharpe's disclosure had come in time to shield them. It was the detective's opinion that the wife's conduct had not been so blama- ble as it had at first appeared, so far as Harley was concerned. He was not sorry that she would inherit the fortune of the man who had clouded her young life by his intemperance; and he viewed with equanimity the practical certainty that Harley would eventually share the money. SHOT BY PLAYFUL DOG WILBUR KENTFIELD may die as the result of a strange hunting accident near Oskaloosa, Iowa. He was shot by his dog. Kentfield was leaning with crossed hands on the muzzle of his shotgun, which was cocked. His dog jumped at him for a caress, and his paw struck the trigger, discharging the gun. The charge tore off Kentfield s right hand and badly mutilated the left. Part of the charge entered his neck. REMOVE LEGACY FROM CORPSE BEFORE the estate of Albert Halien, eighty-five years old, of Portland. Oregon, could be settled, a post-mortem operation was necessary to remove from his stomach a ten-dollar gold piece which Halien had included in his will, bequeath- ing two hundred and fifty dollars Investigation showed the sum bequeathed was ten dollars short of the sum on hand. The coin had been swallowed by Halien several days before he died, apparently through excitement in making his will. 