Rogue for a Day 23 behind a lamp-post a short distance away. Verbeck stepped into the vestibule, waited a moment, then stepped out again quickly. Again he saw the man dodge behind the post. Darting down the steps, Verbeck ran toward the man. A shadowy form rushed across the driveway and lost it- self in the shadows of the underbrush. Verbeck stopped and retraced his steps. He doubted whether he could catch the man. and he wasn't inclined to pursue him at that hour of the morning. Per- haps it was not a man wratching him, but a lurking thief, he thought; and, at the same time, he felt that he had been un- der surveillance. CHAPTER VIII. THE POLICE GET A TIP. VERBECK arose at noon, to face the day that meant the culmination of Inis plans. As he bathed and shaved and dressed he kept thinking of the prowler he had seen a few hours be- fore. Could it be possible, he asked himself, that some of the Black Star's band had grown suspicious, and would take an active part against him? Had the Black Star, a prisoner in the old Verbeck house, sent out some message from his prison calling for rescue? Verbeck was half afraid he had made some blunder, had overlooked some- thing that would allow the master crim- inal to turn the tables and emerge vic- tor from the duel of wits. He telephoned the garage for his roadster, and hurried out to the old Verbeck place, taking with him a line- man from the telephone company's office. The lineman connected the tele- phone, which bad been out of service. "How is the prisoner?" Verbeck asked Muggs, after the lineman had de- parted. "Down in the vegetable pit, thinking of his sins." "Fetch him up," Verbeck directed, and began carrying in the food he had purchased before running out from town. It was a surly Black Star who en- tered the living room, with Muggs at his heels urging him on. He no longer was handsome, because of a two days growth of beard and dark circles un- der his eyes. He glared at Muggs malevolently as he crossed the room and sat down stiffly on a divan. "How long," he demanded of Ver- beck, "are you going to keep me pris- oner, with a maniac for jailer?" "Probably until a late hour to-night. But you need not be confined in the pit again. I'm going to have Muggs keep you in this room, where it is warm and comfortable. I want to give you a bit of liberty until to-night." "And then?" "Then I'll probably hand you over to the police, and you'll have mighty small freedom for years to come." "Indeed?" the Black Star snarled. "You have arranged everything, have you? Planned a coup of some sort?" "Time will tell," said Verbeck. "And don't you ever stop to fear for yourself?" "I haven't felt particularly afraid at any time." "I have warned you that the arm of my organization--" "Is a long one--I remember," said Verbeck. "The arm of the law also is long. Mr. Black Star, and a clever, hon- est man can outwit a clever crook any time, as I said once before. You called it a boast, I believe." "You are not done yet." "Certainly not--but I'll be done within a few hours." Verbeck walked to a comer and beckoned Muggs to him. "I'll return to-night, some time after nine o'clock," he said. "I want you to watch the Black Star well, Muggs. If he escapes now--" 