84 Detective Story Magazine Raymond hastened to place the satchel in the vault. Glidden did not see the transaction. He was sauntering to and fro in the corridor. It was indiscreet to peer con- stantly through the swinging door. Ravenswood lingered, saw the clerks and tellers hurriedly place their books and funds in the vault, saw the massive doors closed and locked, impregtiably closed until Monday, and then he added to the conversation he had been carry- ing on with Raymond: "How soon will you be at liberty? Will you go with me to lunch?" "Delighted!" Raymond nodded. "I'll be through here in about five minutes." "Capital! I'll wait for you." "Oh, by the way!" Raymond, sud- denly remembering, gazed out, laugh- ing. "I think you might win out, Fisk, if so inclined; a very wealthy, attractive, and desirable young lady. A fine chance for matrimony, Fisk, on the level." "Excuse me!" Ravenswood laughed, and shook his head. "One half of that word is enough for me. Money, not matrimony." "You ought to be taxed, and may be, if the present administration is con- tinued." "Let it come. Bachelorhood is worth it." "She's a beautiful girl, nevertheless. You must have made an impression on her, too, for she had enough interest in you to inquire about you." "When, and of whom?" "When you wrere here Thursday morning. She saw you write and cash a check. When handing me her de- posit, after you went out, she asked me about you." "Very nice of her, I'm sure." Ra- venswood smiled. "I feel highly flat- tered. Who is the young lady?" "Her name is Violet van Hook." Ravenswood heard it, without a change of countenance. An involun- tary chill ran down his spine, however, and his nerves began to tingle. "Van Hook--I do not place her," he said calmly. "Nor can I conceive why she felt an interest in me." "She said you reminded her of a friend who lives in Denver." "H'm, is that so?" Ravenswood knew it to have been an equivocation, and that he must have been recognized. "Thursday morning, eh? Two days ago. You told Miss van Hook all about me, of course?" "No, indeed!" Raymond shook his head. "She ended her inquiries very abruptly." "Ah! Very abruptly, eh?" The sig- nificance of it was doubly convincing. "I told her only your name and where you resided." "That was quite enough to tell her." Ravenswood laughed lightly, but his voice was tinged with subtle irony. "All ready, Raymond, are you?" "Yes. I'll be with you in half a minute." Ravenswood sauntered toward the corridor door. He appeared as calm and complacent as when he entered. There was no sign of perturbation, no indication of threatening misgivings. He passed out with Raymond, and went with him to lunch in a popular restau- rant, more genial and jovial than usual, if anything; and they parted after the meal. Ravenswood sauntered up the street until he came to a drug store in which he saw a pay-station telephone booth, the door ol which faced the street. He entered it and removed the receiver- but held down the bracket with his finger. He then pretended to drop a coin in the slot and to communicate with some one--but all the while, with his back toward the street door and the store windows, he was gazing intently at the polished nickel ring around the mouth- piece. 