Suggestion 125 guine genius, if he intended to get copy from his devoted servant! Sheldon retired early, tired with the unaccustomed outdoor life, and Pas- quale worked in his silent den. A few nights later, Sheldon was awakened by the sound of a window shutting. Thinking it was Pasquale going to his room after a long night's work, he called out: "That you, Pierre?" There was no answer, so he got up and followed the direction he imagined the footsteps had taken. Before he had gone far, a cry rang through the house. It came from Pasquale's den, and as he dashed downstairs, Sheldon collided violently with some one run- ning up. "Hello, Pierre," he gasped. "You all right? Where's the row?" Then he saw the man was John. "Oh, sir--Mr. Pasquale--in the study--quick--he's dying--I killed him--quick--for the love of Heaven!" Sheldon ran to the study, and for a moment was relieved, for there, at his desk, his back to the door, sat Pas- quale. But as Sheldon crossed the room, the figure slid from the chair, and fell in a heap on the floor. Instantly Sheldon was beside his friend, and saw that Pasquale, who had been stabbed from behind, was rapidly dying. As Sheldon bent over him, he struggled to speak, and at last whis- pered faintly: "Billy--he--couldn't help it- It must--have been--like--the other stories. Promise--to clear--him-" Then, as the blood gushed from his mouth, Pasquale sank back and died. Bewildered, and half fainting, Shel- don still sat beside his friend's body, when the door opened, and John stum- bled in. He threw himself upon the dead man, moaning and muttering in- coherently, until Sheldon forced him aside roughly. "What are you doing here at this hour of the night?" he asked harshly. John began to moan again, and with difficulty Sheldon caught the drift of his mutterings: "I found myself dressed --and with a knife. ... I don't know how I got out of my house--I ran along the road--I climbed into the window--I don't know why. . . . I only know I suddenly awoke with the handle of a knife in my hand. . . . Oh, heavens! The blade was in my master's back! I must have done it--I --I must have killed him. . . ." Then, before Sheldon could stop him, the distracted man had plunged the knife into his own breast. Morning found the local police in possession of the little cottage with the yellow roses and the potato patch, but although the den gave evidence of re- cent use and work, they could find noth- ing to show what Pasquale had been doing on that fatal night. So, baffled, they called it "murder and suicide-- motives unknown." But Sheldon and his friend Burns were in possession of Pasquale's last manuscript, and in the lawyer's town office they read it and, together deci- phered the last bloodstained page. "Aye, the laddie created his ain mur- derer," the Scotsman said sadly, "and oot of a perfectly innocent and affec- tionate man, too. Did I no say 'twas a power from the Evil One? See his last words: 'Stealthy footsteps stole down the hall, and, creeping behind his mas- ter, John raised his arm, and the knife-- The puir laddie never wrote that last word 'buried' or 'sank,' or whatever was in his mind, for John struck then, helplessly doing his mas- ter's bidding, and it was only when the influence of that strong mind was broken, the puir creature came to him- sel' and saw what he had done! Ah! My puir, puir laddie. . . ." After a few moments, Sheldon said softly: "Burns, I feel it my duty to 