Rogue for a Day 5 had taken prisoner was the notorious Black Star, but it pleased him for the moment to let the prisoner believe he did. His first impulse had been to call the police and hand the man over. But he guessed that such a course would not insure the capture of the master crook, and that the prisoner would refuse to talk, take a sentence for burglary, and thus allow the Black Star and the others to go free. It would be clever, Verbeck decided, to allow this man to escape, to shadow him, and to learn more. Roger Ver- beck had adventured with Muggs scores of times, and he yearned for an adventure now. Here was his chance. Besides, the Black Star had issued the challenge. Muggs returned fully dressed. For an instant the eyes of master and man met, and there flashed between them an understanding. "Better look at this chap's bonds, Muggs," Verbeck said. "We don't want him escaping before the police come." Muggs bent behind the prisoner's chair and fumbled with the cord; and when he arose his eyes met those of Verbeck again, and Verbeck knew that Muggs had obeyed orders. "Now go down and call the house manager," he directed, "and I'll tele- phone the police. Muggs hurried out into the hall. Verbeck left his chair and stepped back to the door of the bedroom. "I fancy you'll be secure for a mo- ment or so," he told the prisoner. "You'll scarcely get away unless you carry that chair with you." He backed through the curtains, grasped his topcoat and cap, and crossed the room on his toes and un- locked the hall door. To cover the sound of the key turning in the lock, he spoke as if calling a number on the telephone. "Hello! Police headquarters?" he asked. "This is Roger Verbeck speak- ing. Hurry up here! I've just caught the Black Star trying to loot my rooms. My old address--yes!" And while he spoke he opened the door, so that his voice would drown any squeak the hinges might give; and then he slipped into the hall and hurried to the front stairs. He dashed down the three flights four steps at a time. The prisoner had tugged desperately at his bonds and had felt them give. With sudden hope, he had worked furi- ously to get free. He was through the window and descending the fire escape as Verbeck finished the imaginary tele- phone message to the police, exulting at what he fondly thought had been his close escape. CHAPTER II. THE BLACK STAR. VERBECK found Muggs at the cor- ner of the apartment house, stand- ing in the shadows, and trying to shield himself from the stinging sleet and biting cold wind. "He's just reaching the ground, boss," Muggs said. "See him?" "I see him. Be careful now, Muggs; we don't want to lose him. Thanks for understanding and loosening his bonds. There he goes!" The erstwhile prisoner had reached the ground and was darting through the shadows toward the alley. Down this he ran for half a block, then crept be- tween two buildings, and so reached the boulevard near a corner, with Verbeck and Muggs a hundred feet behind him. It was difficult trailing the man through a storm of sleet and tine snow, but Ver- beck and Muggs had trailed men be- fore, sometimes for amusement, and at other times through necessity. The man hesitated at the curb a mo- ment, then struck across the driveway. Verbeck and Muggs followed. They 