The Sultana Crescent 101 the intrinsic worth of the jewel, but that he fully appreciated its value may be gathered from the fact that before he would let it leave his safe, he had it insured for seventy-five thousand dol- lars. "Before the exposition had been half through, the insurance company wrote to cancel the policy, and the directors were in a quandary, for the colonel would not let it remain uninsured, and the directors knew that it was the cen- tral attraction of the show. At length, they struck upon the happy expedient of having it duplicated in paste. The job was done by a master of his pro- fession, and none but an expert could tell the difference. I, however, as I say, had an opportunity of comparing the two, and of having the difference pointed out to me. "For two days more, the crowds paid to see the imitation, not knowing that it was not the real Crescent. And then something happened. "I was on watch that night, with a young fellow named Mike Swanley. We were in a distant part of the build- ing, when we thought we heard some suspicious sounds, and cautiously ap- proaching, we found that a couple of masked burglars had opened the great safe that held the Crescent and other jewels. We threw ourselves upon them, and the fight was fast and furious. I had torn the mask from the man I con- fronted, and had a good look at his face, before a ball in my neck sent me to the floor. As I fell, however, I struck against the other burglar, who had downed Mike. I was able to send a ball through his head, and to see Swanley rise from beneath him before I lost consciousness. Alas! When I recovered my senses, poor Mike was lying beside me, with a bullet through his heart, and a policeman was trying to shake life into me. One burglar was dead, but the other, the murderer of Mike Swanley, had escaped with his booty--a jewel of paste, worth a few shillings! "As I have said. I had a good peek at the rascal who escaped, and I had little difficulty in identifying him in the rogues gallery , at police headquarters, New York. He was an old jailbird, originally from Atlanta, Georgia, and was registered as Billie Binks. "The search for Binks throughout the United States was vigorous and per- sistent, but nothing more of him, nor of the paste crescent, was ever heard, and often since I have consoled my- self with the belief that he might have retired to his hole, and died of some- wound he received in that night's com- bat. And I was satisfied to think that the death of faithful Mike Swanley had been avenged, either by my hand or his own." Sutherland paused, and, raising the glass to his lips, slowly sipped a mouth- ful of wine. The little audience breathed, and uttered a murmur of ap- proval. Sutherland raised his hand to stop them, then proceeded: "In that, gentlemen, I was deceived. The duplicate paste crescent, lost that night in New York, turned up yester- day at the Sutton Street police station. It was found on a girl who bought it for five shillings--its actual worth-- from James O'Reary, and unless I had intervened, O'Reary, a thoroughly bad one, would swing for it. "That means, gentlemen, that Billy Binks has still been after the Sultana Crescent since he discovered that lie had only obtained a paste imitation, and followed Miss Ransome to Jamaica. And I'll tell you another secret, gentle- men-- Ah, must you go already, Lord Braley--I mean Mr. de Launcey? Just a little joke before you leave. See those waiters? I selected them myself. They all wear uniforms when they are at police headquarters. I gave them a 