Tales of the Chemists' Club VIII. Every Man Has His Price by Howard Fielding BERTRAM J. RITCHIE was a mining chemist in Dawson, and he was not making money. He was a failure there, as he had been at home. Behold him pacing the floor of his laboratory and swearing aloud to the bare walls and meager furnishings that he had but one desire in life, which was to get away from Dawson. The reason why he did not leave Dawson was to be found in his trousers pocket. He could not pay his way. It was equally true that he could not remain, except to starve, unless for- tune relented. He would much rather have seen a chance to get out than a chance to stay and make his living. He was sick of the place. In most respects it had proved to be just what he had anticipated. He had always possessed a singular talent for discounting misfortune. It may be said that his single reason for satisfaction with himself was that he had never been so foolish as to look for good luck anywhere. Yet of all the calamities that he had foreseen in this particular adventure, none could approach in the quality of misery the one that he had encountered unexpectedly. It struck him as a last proof of fate's injustice that in coming to that howling wilder- ness he should have run into a snare of love. Yet he perceived it very early. The first time he met Jennie Winsted he knew why she was there. He reasoned it all out after their first half hour of acquaintance. Miss Winsted was in Dawson City, in her father's care, though her version was that she had come to take care of him. He was a person about whom nobody seemed to know very much-- in which respect he was by no means singular in that city. He said that he came from Boston, and no man could prove the contrary. He seemed to have plenty of money, for he and his daughter lived as well as people could live in that region at that time. It was said that Winsted was prepared to speculate in mining properties, but he was not known to do anything of that sort in the first months of his residence there. He was a singularly placid indi- vidual, on the surface; a man of strong frame, of a genial countenance--such as Capital wears when depicted hand in hand with Labor in a "prosperity" 