2 Detective Story Magazine shivering a bit because of the cold wind, put his feet into slippers, and drew on a dressing gown over his pajamas. Then, his pistol held ready for use in case of emergency, he started across the bedroom, taking short steps and walking on his toes. A reflection entered the room from the arc light on the nearest street cor- ner. This uncertain light was shut off for an instant, and Verbeck whirled quickly, silently, to find another man slipping up beside him. It was Muggs --a little, wiry man of uncertain age, who had been in Verbeck's employ for several years, valet at times, comrade in arms at times, willing adventurer al- ways. Muggs bent forward until his lips were close to Verbeck's ear. "I heard it. too, boss." he said. "Somebody in the library!" Verbeck nodded; they crept nearer the door. Inch by inch, Verbeck pulled aside one of the curtains, until they could peer into the other room. A gleam from the comer arc light pene- trated the library, too. It revealed the interior of the room in a sort of semigloom, causing elusive shadows that flitted here and there in such fashion that they scarcely could be distinguished from substance. Also, it revealed an open window near the fire escape--and it showed the form of a man standing before Verbeck's antique desk in a corner. Muggs bent beneath his master's arm to see better. He felt Verbeck grip his shoulder, and looked up to find him indicating the open window. Like a shadow, Muggs, who also held a weapon in his hand, slipped through the curtains, crept along the wall, and advanced toward that window to cut off the intruder's retreat. An instant Verbeck waited; then he stepped into the room, found the elec- tric switch, and snapped on the lights, and leveled his automatic. The man before the desk whirled with a snarl that showed two rows of jagged, uneven, yellow teeth. He took in the situation at a glance, saw Muggs at the window, and Verbeck at the door, and knew he had been caught in a trap. His eyes narrowed and flashed; he bent forward, giving the appearance of a rat at bay, and his hand dropped slowly toward his hip. "Better not!" There was a certain quality in Verbeck's voice that told the burglar the man before him was neither nervous nor afraid, and would shoot if necessary. The thief's hands went above his head in token of surrender, and the belligerent light that had been in his eyes faded. "It appears." said Verbeck, "that we have discovered you in a delicate posi- tion. "Aw, don't try to be clever! I guess you've got me, all right!" "Rather unceremonious, this call," Verbeck went on. "Why didn't you send up your card from the office?" "Aw--" "Be seated, please!" Still holding his hands above his head, the burglar took the chair Ver- beck indicated. "Now, Muggs--" Verbeck said. Muggs had been waiting for the word. He sprang away from the win- dow and took the cords from the por- tières. Working swiftly, he bound the burglar's hands behind his back, then fastened them to the chair. Then he assumed the role of guard, and Verbeck lowered his pistol and walked toward the desk. "I fancy you didn't find much, my man," he said. "This is a bachelor apartment, you know, and there is lit- tle of value in the library unless you seek books or pictures." "Aw--" "If you had entered the dressing room now-- But, of course, if you had done that, Muggs probably would have filled you full of lead first, and 