28 Detective Story Magazine Brian. Dunbar walked along Forth Street slowly enough to enable the woman to overtake him. At the door of No. 36, he glanced up at the num- ber questioningly, and turned in the gate as she was about to enter. He raised his hat. "Have I the pleasure of addressing Mrs. Brian?" Momentarily, a hard look came into the tired eyes, but Dunbar's gentleness of manner and voice, together with the kindly expression upon his face, turned the scales favorably. "I am Mrs. Brian," she said; "yes. Did you want to see me?" "On a matter of some importance. May I come in?" She nodded and led the way into the house; the door was not closed. In a living room whereon was writ- ten a pathetic history--a history of decline from easy circumstances and re- spectability to poverty and utter disre- gard of appearances--she confronted him, setting down her basket on a table from which the remains of a fish breakfast were not yet removed. "Is your husband in?" inquired Dun- bar, with a subtle change of manner. "He's lying down." The hard look was creeping again into the woman's eyes. "Will you please awake him, and tell him that I have called in regard to his license?" He thrust a card into her hand: "DETECTIVE INSPECTOR DUNBAR, C. I. D. NEW SCOTLAND YARD, S. W. " Remember that you will only have to wait two weeks for the next installment of this great serial. The next DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE will be out October 20th. WOMAN PREFERS PRISON, AND HUSBAND RATHER than be separated from her husband, Ida Hadley, of Muskogee, Oklahoma, acquitted of the murder of Sheriff Take Giles, of Beaumont, vol- untarily accepted a sentence of ten years in the penitentiary for attempted jail breaking. Paul Hadley was convicted of being an accessory to the murder of Giles, and given a life sentence. Mrs. Hadley actually shot Giles, but the jury acquitted her on the ground of insanity. The Hadleys were taken to the penitentiary at McAlester together. Giles was shot and killed on a railroad train near here several weeks ago when taking Hadley to Texas to answer the charges following the latter's arrest in Kansas City. Mrs. Hadley had permission to accompany her husband. Mrs. Hadley raved like a madwoman when the verdict was read. Shriek- ing and screaming, she threw herself upon her husband and fought the officers who strove to tear her from him. Four officers carried her to a police patrol, and she was taken back to her cell. Her husband received the verdict calmly. "I am not guilty; I know nothing of a plot to kill Giles, yet I am satisfied," he said. "Had they taken me back to Texas, they would have killed me, anyway. I'm glad they gave me life, and I'm glad they acquitted Ida." 