Practical Theory 113 up, to his continuing to receive the hos- pitality of the Crop and Stirrip--least of all. J. D. Murchison, the club's gov- ernor, himself. Chadwick Wade, by correcting a fault of "englishing" his ball on the wrong side, which the great man pos- sessed, to the detriment of his billiard game by at least twenty points in a hundred, had made the grizzled head of the banking trust his stanch friend. He had ingratiated himself with oth- ers among the older members of the club, in various ways. But it was with the "younger set," as represented by Percy van Druvp, et al., that the cheery Wade had scored his most emphatic hit. He was a "live wire," as Algernon de Wetter, third, horsily put it, who had seemingly been sent to them from heaven in answer to their prayer for something or some one to shatter the boredom which the aristocratic, and, hence, dully quiet, Crop and Stirrup Club held for them. Wade had certainly waked up the three idle-rich young men by the state- ment he had made to them in the smok- ing room this evening, that, in his opinion, the majority of the modem buccaneers of Wall Street were easy marks. "It's a fact," he had said. "If I were a crook, and needed to shake down some one for the price of a trip to Palm Reach, or anything of the sort, I wouldn't lose a minute deciding who it would be. I'd hunt up one of these captains of finance, one reads of in the daily papers, and victimize him to the tune of whatever I needed, as easily as turning over my hand. They're mostly all crooks, on a large scale, themselves; and, from time imme- morial, the easiest kind of prey for one crook has always been another." Asked, incredulously, if he meant what he said. Chadwick Wade had smilingly replied in the affirmative, as the reader knows. Whereat, the storm of protest against the truth of the theory he advanced had arisen from the three other young gentlemen seated with him at the table. "No. I'm not 'stringin' you, as you put it," Wade turned to answer Bertie Cole's question. "And I mean exactly what I say. Men who make their liv- ing by outwitting other people, our Murchisons and our Campbells and Stoneymans do, are the easiest kind of picking for other confidence men's skin games. The records all go to prove it. How many gamblers did you ever hear of dying rich? All the recognized games of chance are in their favor. Yet. nearly all of them wind up broke. Where does the money they make go to, then? I'll tell you. The faro dealer gives it to the owner of the roulette wheel. He passes it over to the book- maker at the race track. And he in turn loses it at stud poker. It's the same way with professional crooks. They all die poor. The money they make by one swindle, or series of swin- dles, they allow themselves to be duped out of--in some fake mining scheme, or by going up against the expert thim- bleriggers on the stock market." "But how about the Murchisons and the Campbells and the Stoneymans, that you're likening to these rotters?" Percy Van Druvp pointedly interjected. "They don't die poor." Chadwick Wade s smile broadened. "That's because most of their lesser fellow confidence men are afraid to go after them." said he; because of the false reputation they've built up for shrewdness in money matters. But that doesn't prove," he went on, in the same smiling but positive tone, "that they wouldn't make the biggest babies on earth, if a clever crook who understood his business once started to whipsaw one of them." "By Jove, you'd have a hard time proving that anything of the sort could 8A 