Death in Life 63 Her face was almost ghastly in its pallor. Her husband and the rest of the men tried to soodie her, and at length she began, to all appearances, to respond. It was decided that the facts should be kept away from the guests, if pos- sible; for there seemed to be no good reason for spreading the news broad- cast, and many objections to such a course, especially as the program had continued and the gathering would soon break up. In fact, when Nick reached the lawn once more, he noticed that many of the guests were already taking their departure. The detective was quite ready to go, but as he approached the front gate which opened on Fifth Ave- nue, he halted for a few minutes, in order to allow the crowd about the exit to thin out somewhat. In doing so, he found himself close to a large group of statuary, from the other side of which came a familiar voice. The tones were low and guarded, and although unseen to the speaker, Nick was near enough to hear every word distinctly. "I assure you," the voice said, "that it could not have been he, Ruth. Promise me that you'll not say a word about it to any one, and that you'll do all you can to quiet any possible sus- picion on the part of the other girls." It was Mrs. Templeton herself who was speaking beyond a doubt, and there was a tenseness about her voice that would have arrested the detective's at- tention irrespective of the words. He accidentally had heard what was said without meaning to listen, but now duty compelled him, however disagreeable it seemed, to remain in the hope of hear- ing something more. "I'm quite willing to take your word for it, Mrs. Templeton," Ruth Vance replied. "I'll not say another word about it if I can help it, and I don't believe the others noticed the resem- blance. At least, I haven't heard any of them say anything about it as yet." Nick was carried on in spite of him- self then; and in a few moments he found himself on the sidewalk in front of the Templetons' place. He had been looking for Chick, but had seen nothing of him. Now, after a final glance about, the detective dismissed his car which drew up to the curb in its turn. He had no use for motors just then, for he wished to see if he could locate Ida Jones or Jack Wise. If he could not, he meant to begin inquiries him- self. Evidently the trail had led through the alley, and there the search must begin. CHAPTER XX. THE TRAIL OF THE PUSHCART. CHICK'S disappearance was much more significant than his chief at first dreamed of. The first link in the chain of cir- cumstances which were to bring such strange consequences was forged in a wholly accidental manner, the young de- tective's absent-mindedness being re- sponsible for it. Chick had become greatly interested in golf, and happened to run across a young man who had been an amateur champion a year or two before. They forgot their surroundings in discussing their favorite game, and, as a result, neither of them noticed the ambulance making its tour of the grounds. It was only when the little vehicle was turning into the shrub-bordered path under its escort of nurses that Chick happened to look up and catch sight of it. "Great grief!" he cried. "I forgot all about that thing. I've resigned my- self to parting with a new black pearl scarfpin, and I might as well get it over with." As he spoke, he started in the direc- tion of the shrubbery with a hurried 