92 Detective Story Magazine you were entirely unfair to your mirror." "Your lordship," Mabel replied, "is either overkind or oversentimentai. But why must I regard all this as a secret?" "I am traveling incognito, you see. Viscount Braley is supposed to be in Egypt. Even for the few months I re- mained in England, I was unknown to any but my nearest friends. This kind of thing, don't yer know, gives a chap a chawnce to get a seat in the gallery and see the show, so to speak, instead of being always on the stage, where he can't see anything. And, in Jamaica especially, where one of my ancestors nearly three hundred years ago was governor, and where the family still owns large estates, I should be sub- jected to such a publicity that I should --aw--really try to hide myself, don't yer know." Mabel nodded. "I understand," she said simply, and glanced at her watch. "I know it," said De Launcey hastily; I know that I have kept you out too late. But I had to tell you this, and to- night is my last chawnce. We shall be in the harbor before daylight, and after that--" There was a question in his voice, but he did not finish the sentence. Mabel remained silent for a moment, then she said, partly in answer: "We shall be in the island for the winter. The doctor has advised mother to spend the season in some warm climate, and Jamaica has been so highly recommended that we decided to try it. We have already secured rooms at the Constant Spring Hotel, where we shall remain for the next few weeks. After that, we shall probably go to some place in the country; Man- deviile and the Santa Cruz Mountains have already been recommended, but we shall be better able to decide when we are there." "Then it is not improbable that we shall meet." De Launcev answered. "I shall be at Ihe Myrtle Bank Hotel for a fortnight at least; that is only thirty minutes from you on the trolley car. Would it be asking too much--aw--for me to call and take you to see some of the sights and things, don't you know?" "I shall be really delighted, Mr. de Launcey, that is, provided mother keeps well enough to travel. Did you bring your car?" "I did not, Miss Ransome. But good automobiles and reliable chauffeurs can be hired here for little more than the cost of gasoline. If you need any as- sistance in that direction, I shall be-- aw--chawmed to aid you, don't yer know." "Then it is only au revoir," she said, and held out her hand to him. He took it, but before he released it at the door of her stateroom, he raised it gently to his lips. And Mabel Ransome only smiled. II. Kingston, Jamaica, at seven o'clock on a lovely morning in early Novem- ber; quaintness, beauty, animation, vigor--that was what lay before Ma- bel Ransome, as, with her mother on one arm, and Richard de Launcey dancing an unencouraged, unrebuffed attendance at her other side, she stood on the deck of the Almirante. At the same pier, a United Fruit Company's freighter was loading ba- nanas. Near by, a big, black steamer was taking on coal, and at the different wharves, a dozen other boats were re- ceiving or discharging cargo. In front, and on either side, stretched the city, flat and picturesque to one who had last seen the skyscrapers of New York, yet distinctly pretty. From the contemplation of these, Mabel was called by her mother's voice. Then they went down the gang- plank, and faced the customs inspector. 