48 Detective Story Magazine the steamer was due to sail, and I took him around to present him to as many of my patients as possible in the time at my disposal. The same evening, I had a second message from Humphrey Steene, which brought me considerable ease of mind. It suggested the points mentioned above, reading: Temporarily reprieved. Bon voyage! Apparently, if I could new convince the spies of the order that I really was going to Europe, my name might be struck even from their "neutral" list. Some of my more intimate friends saw me off; but Bob Brittain was only among them. He had been keenly dis- appointed to learn of my proposed trip, seeming to think I was deserting him- and Mildred--in the hour of greatest need. I could not blame him; yet, neither could I explain. Doubtless I was shadowed right to the gangway. Doubtless a watch was kept till the mooring cables were cast and the vessel backed into the Hudson. As I waved a last farewell to my friends, I fancied I recognized the shoulders of a man who was elbowing his way out of the crowd. I thought it might be the same fellow I had twice seen in Park Avenue, loitering before my residence, but I could not be sure. On the whole, I am inclined to think I was mistaken, for, with so many to call upon, the Order of the White Bear was hardly likely to run the risk of discov- ery by using the same man to spy on the same individual more than twice. The Eutopia was due to pass the Nantucket Light about midnight. I had made a point of retiring to my state- room soon after ten, and I had avoided making any acquaintances among my fellow passengers. They might have missed me next day. None of the ship's officers had paid any special attention to me, which sur- prised me a little, till I reflected that Humphrey Steene had in all probability carefully coached them. Anything that might have attracted notice from other passengers was to be avoided as pos- sibly risky and certainly unnecessary. When I made my way on deck again, I was wearing a light overcoat with a wide collar, which I raised to cover the lower part of my features. The brim of a panama obscured the rest. The passengers had been requested to leave the decks at ten, which is the usual rule on shipboard, and there was no one in sight. Voices aft, however, warned me that the smoking room was still occupied by the inveterate poker and bridge fiends. I had scarcely left the companion when a tall, middle-aged man of strik- ing appearance loomed up beside me with an abruptness that was, in the cir- cumstances, startling. His highly or- nate uniform reassured me. "That you, doctor? I am Captain Matthews." We shook hands, and I answered, in a low tone, to match his: "Yes--I was beginning to wonder whether--" "I don't understand all this business, but I have my orders, and I'll see it through," he broke in. I think the skipper was inclined to be mistrustful of my adventure. "What about these fellows back there? They'll wander why the ship is stopping out here." "They'll think we're dropping the pi- lot, quite likely. They'd be too busy making themselves at home below to notice that we stopped for that off Sandy Hook. As for the old stagers, they won't let anything less than a fire call, or a bump from an iceberg, inter- rupt their game. But I'll post a couple of stewards at each entrance to see that no rubber-necked curiosity monger comes on deck. Yonder's your friends, I guess." The sky was overcast, so that neither 