Black Star's Subterfuge 51 number and countersign to write. Some of my men must have been careless." "You'll find one of them in the hall with a broken head!" Riley exclaimed. "Indeed? Always violent! If you would learn to use wit and strategy instead of--" The broken sentence, a quick move, a shot, darkness! The Black Star had taken the chance. On the word, he had sprung to one side, toward the table. Riley's bullet went within six inches of his head. There was a crash as the lamp was dashed to the floor. Twice more flame streaked the darkness and bullets crashed into the wall. Verbeck, help- less, struggled to get to his feet. Muggs mouthed imprecations because his hands were still bound. Black silence then--not even a man's breathing to be heard! Riley had re- treated silently to the door, and stood there straining his ears to catch some slight sound that would tell him where the master criminal was crouching. He did not dare fire at random again; he did not know but what Muggs had moved, and might receive the bullet in- tended for the Black Star; he was afraid Verbeck had left the couch. A slight hissing sound--a body crash- ing to the floor! Riley, holding his breath, wondered what it meant. Was it Verbeck--Muggs? Had the Black Star descended to the violence he scoffed, and used a knife in the dark? Verbeck, on the couch, wondered, too. His nerves were on edge, waiting for the shot he expected with every heart beat: He heard the hissing again --the sound of another falling body! Then a moment of silence again. The strain was almost unbearable. Verbeck felt like shrieking, like calling to Riley and Muggs--though he knew neither would answer and betray his position. A chuckle--a deep, satisfied laugh! On the opposite side of the room a match flickered, and in its flame Ver- beck beheld the black mask, the flam- ing jet star on the hood above it. "Quite melodramatic, Mr. Verbeck, eh?" the Black Star said. "I was forced to take quite a chance that time --Detective Riley might have sent a bullet or two into my body. However, luck was with me again!" The match flame died out. The Black Star struck another and carried it across the room. He picked up the lamp, put it back on the table. "Only the chimney broken," he said. "We'll have poor light, but it will serve." He chuckled again as he touched the flaming match to the wick. The fitful, uncertain light filled the room. Ver- beck gave a cry of horror. Muggs was stretched on the floor near the table; Riley lay on his face near the door. "Do not be alarmed for your friends," the master criminal said. "They have not been assassinated, Mr. Verbeck, but merely put to sleep for a short time. Unless you desire to share their condition, remain where you are, on the couch, until I give you permis- sion to leave." He hurried across to Riley and took off the robe; he picked up the mask from the floor where Riley had tossed it; he hurried out through the door. Verbeck started to get up, but fell back on the couch again. He did not know of the vapor gun, and it was a mystery to him what had happened to Muggs and Riley. He didn't want to be rendered unconscious himself, for there was work to be done if he was al- lowed to go, or could escape. He wondered how Riley had trailed them and entered the room. And what would happen, now that the detective knew the location of the Black Star's headquarters? Would the master crim- inal change his mind and hold all three of them prisoners? Would it be im- possible to prevent the theft of gold planned for two o'clock in the morning? 