10 Detective Story Magazine squarely in the middle of the room, fixed his eyes upon the still form lying in the shadow of the writing table. "You will have been called in, doc- tor," he said, faking the proffered tum- bler, "at the time of the crime?" "Exactly!" replied Cumberly. "Mr. Leroux ran up to my flat and sum- moned me to see the woman." "What time would that be?" "Big Ben had just struck the final stroke of twelve when I came out onto the landing." "Mr. Leroux would be waiting there for you?" "He stood in my entrance lobby while I slipped on my dressing gown, and we came down together." "I was entering from the street," in- terrupted Exel, "as they were descend- ing from above-" "You can enter from the street, sir, in a moment," said Dunbar, holding up his hand. "One witness at a time, if you please." Exel shrugged his shoulders and turned slightly, leaning his elbow upon the mantelpiece and flicking off the ash from his cigar. "I take it you were in bed?" ques- tioned Dunbar, turning again to the doctor. "I had been in bed about a quarter of an hour when I was aroused by the ringing of the doorbell. This ringing struck me as so urgent that I ran out in my pajamas, and found there Mr. Leroux, in a very disturbed state-" "What did he say? Give his own words as nearly as you remember them." Leroux, who had been standing, sank slowly back into the armchair, with his eyes upon Doctor Cumberly as the lat- ter replied: "He said: 'Cumberly! Cumberly! For Heaven's sake, come down at once; there is a strange woman in my flat, ap- parently in a dying condition!'" "What did you do?" "I ran into my bedroom and slipped on my dressing gown, leaving Mr. Le- roux in the entrance hall. Then, with the clock chiming the last stroke of midnight, we came out together and I closed my door behind me. There was no light on the stair; but our conversa- tion--Mr. Leroux was speaking in a very high-pitched voice-" "What was he saying?" "He was explaining to me how some woman, unknown to him, had inter- rupted his work a few minutes before by ringing his doorbell." Inspector Dunbar held up his hand. "I won't ask you to repeat what he said, doctor; Mr. Leroux presently can give me his own words." "We had descended to this floor, then," resumed Cumberly, "when Mr. Exel, entering below, called up to us, asking if anything was the matter. Le- roux replied: 'Matter, Exel! There's the deuce of a business! For mercy's sake, come up!'" "Well?" "Mr. Exel thereupon joined us at the door of this flat." "Was it open?" "Yes. Mr. Leroux had rushed up to me, leaving the door open behind him. The light was out, both in the lobby and in the study, a fact iipon which I com- mented at the time. It was all the more curious as Mr. Leroux had left both lights on!" "Did he say so?" "He did. The circumstances sur- prised him to a marked degree. We came in and I turned up the light in the lobby. Then Leroux, entering the study, turned up the light there, too. I entered next, followed by Mr. Exel-- and we saw the body lying where you see it now." "Who saw it first?" "Mr. Leroux; he drew my attention to it, saying that he had left her lying on the chesterfield and not upon the floor." 