106 Detective Story Magazine broth remained there. Any one in the house might have gone to the spot, and poured the poison into the bowl." "But you are not sure that the broth was poisoned," cried the woman. "My husband has been ill a long time. Nat- ural causes might have--" The physician checked her with a wave of the hand. "In the bottom of the bowl," he said, "I found a white powder. Of course, I have had no time to analyze it chem- ically, even if I felt competent to un- dertake so serious an examination. Yet I have not a shadow of doubt that the powder is ordinary white arsenic." The woman sank back into her chair. "I am ill," she said, with a shudder. "Will you call my maid?" The doctor touched a bell upon the table, and presently Mrs. Ward opened the door between the widow's room and that in which the master of the house lay dead. "Mrs. Torrey wants her maid," said the doctor. "Alice has gone," replied the house- keeper. "She left, this morning, for good. Didn't you know it, Mrs. Torrey?" "I knew nothing of it," was the an- swer. "Why did she go?" The housekeeper could give no in- formation upon that point. Having said so, she left the room, and closed the door behind her. "Let me urge upon you, Mrs, Tor- rey," said the physician, "the impor- tance of answering the question now: Where have you been since twelve o'clock; when, so far as I know, you were last seen by anybody in this house, previous to my meeting you in the hall?" "I must decline to tell you," she re- plied. The old physician, who had known her from her infancy, and had, with daily pleasure, seen her grow to beau- tiful womanhood, pleaded with her to shun the error of concealment in that hour of peril; but she would not heed his words. With a heart that was heavy with black doubts and fears, he left her to herself. II. "Mr. Sharpe," said George Harley, "I have sought your assistance in this case from peculiar motives. In the first place, let me say that I have unlimited faith in your power. I believe that you can establish Mrs. Torrey's innocence, no matter what may be the evidence against her." The great detective was standing by the window of the young lawyer's office, looking out upon the familiar beauties of the Delaware. "Do you mean," he said, "that you think I can establish her innocence, even if she is guilty? Do not harbor such a thought. You are her legal counsel. It is your duty--or, at least, it is your privilege--to free her by any legal means in your power. My case is different. I shall regard only the facts; and, by the way, the sooner I learn whatever may be known to you the better." "Then let us see how the case stands," said Harley. "In the first place, let me say, that the very devil himself has been in it. The evidence which the prosecution will bring is ab- s solutely conclusive. I know exactly what the case against my client will be, and it is strong enough to convict a saint. "To begin with, Torrey's whole life will be raked-over. That will be done to show the motive, or, rather, to strengthen the force of it. "Do you know what that man was? Of course not; you have bad no chance to find out. Well, that cultured and dignified gentleman, that walking model of all the virtues; that paragon, whose physical beauty was a perpetual lecturc to young men on the rewards of a cor- 