The Parthian Shot By Robert Peel Noble THE last note of the baritone's im- passioned song had died away. Almost before Mrs. Reynolds had finished the closing bars of the accompaniment, she turned from the piano to the singer. "You are in fine voice to-night, Charles," she said, "but something has given me a headache this evening, and it has been steadily getting worse. You will excuse me, I know," she con- tinued, as she arose. "A night's rest will make me all right." "I'm so sorry. Certainly I'll excuse you. Why didn't you tell me sooner?" said Charles Harding, as they walked to the door. "I'll just have a smoke- chat with John before I go, and perhaps he will forgive me for my vocal dis- turbance. Too bad he doesn't enjoy music," he added, as they went up the stairs. "Yes, isn't it," she replied. "He's like a blind man walking over dia- monds. The beauty of music does not exist for him." She paused before the door of her husband's den. "Good night," she said, as she moved away. "Good night. I hope that you will feel better in the morning," said Charles, turning to enter John's room. Mrs. Reynolds was keenly conscious of her headache as she closed the bed- room door behind her, but she was suffering even more from the memory of that which had caused it. She and Charles were to appear on the program of a musicale on the following Friday evening, and had been having frequent rehearsals. This, it seemed at dinner that evening, was the cause of her husband's recent fits of sulkiness and of ill humor. Not that he had been a cheerful companion at any time dur- ing the past year, but, of late, he was even worse, and this evening--why, it was absurd! Her husband was ap- parently almost ready to forbid Charles the house. The man was jealous-- her husband actually jealous! She could laugh even now but for the memory of his stormy words and self- incited anger. What if she and Charles had been engaged at one time? The quarrel--over nothing, it is true-- and her subsequent marriage to John, had ended all that; and John should realize it, and be more sensible. If John could only enjoy music, and would be a little more companion- able-- How long she had been asleep, she did not know, but she awoke in terror. Could it have been the noise of a burst- ing automobile tire which had so alarmed her that she found herself sit- ting up in bed before she was fully awake With a fast-beating heart, and with trembling hands, she slipped out of bed and opened the door. "John!" she called. Then, again, 