40 Detective Story Magazine Wondering, Verbeck excused him- self and stepped to one side. "I've got the Black Star in the car across the street, where it's dark," Muggs said. "I gave him a crack on the head and threw him on the floor of the car and put a robe over him--but he's liable to come to, any time." "How--" "For the love of Mike, boss, hand the devil over to the police and get rid of him. I've still got that hunch!" Verbeck hurried hack to the others. "Get in the electric and wait for me at the corner," he directed. "I'll be only a minute or so." As they started on, Verbeck fol- lowed Muggs across the street. He kuew exactly what he intended doing; there would not be any waste of time. "We'll act on that hunch of yours right now, Muggs," he said. "Drive to the entrance of the hall." In a moment they were there. Ver- beck went inside and called the cap- tain of detectives to him. "Bring a couple of your men and come out here," he said. "I've got the Black Star for you. Yes--come along! I'm the man who caught him, captain, and did the telephoning to the chief." The captain and two others followed Verbeck to the curb. The Black Star was groaning, but not yet conscious. "Take him away," Verbeck directed. "I've got to escort my fiancée home, and she's waiting in a car at the corner. This is Muggs, my man. He'll follow out to my fiancée's home with the car, and I'll drive right back in it to head- quarters and tell you the story. Watch that man, captain--he's a smooth cus- tomer. Muggs--you understand?" "Yes, sir," said Muggs. Muggs understood--he knew the ad- venture was over. He was comrade in arms no longer; he was Verbeck's servant again now. And he made the change without the least effort, as he often had done before. He stepped aside with Verbeck, as the officers carried the Black Star around the corner to a patrol wagon-- the Black Star was wearing handcuffs. "The police followed me back up in town," Muggs explained. "I couldn't get away by running, so I tricked 'em. I went to the union depot time for a bunch of trains to be due, you see, and a big crowd there. I got a lead on 'em and whirled around the corner and stopped my car among a bunch of oth- ers--got out and was standing on the walk looking innocent and picking my teeth when the cops rushed by. They went on past the depot=supposed I had gone that way. Easy! Then I started up again to get back near the hall. Re- member that dark space near the mid- dle of the viaduct, where so many hold- ups come off? Just as I got there, I saw Mr. Black Star sneaking along with a suit case in one hand. Stopped the car and smashed him on the head with a wrench before he knew it! Threw him in the car and covered him up- see? Easy!" Verbeck's hand gripped that of Muggs for an instant, and then he hur- ried to join Faustina and Howard. "We've got the Black Star, too," was all he said. "I'll have to run back to police headquarters after I go home with you, and tell them all about it. And I'll explain the entire thing to both of you to-morrow morning. I sup- pose you'll kiss me now, Faustina, even if Howard is looking? You wouldn't, you know, when you suspected me of being the Black Star." Although she was driving the car, Faustina ran the risk of collision by taking her eyes off the street long enough to do as Verbeck wished. Then, satisfied, he settled back in the seat beside Howard. "One thing," he said, "I shall do. After this. I'll pay more attention to any hunch Muggs may get. Great lit- tle man--Muggs!" 