May and December 105 frame. Then he turned his face to the wall. The physician leaned far over him. his knee upon the bed. With a strong effort, he turned the patient upon his back, and gazed intently into his face. Then he got down from the bed, and stood beside it with uplifted hand. "Dead!" screamed the wife, and she fell upon the floor, fainting. When they raised her up, there seemed to be as little life in her as in the form upon the bed; but when they had carried her into another room, the physician restored her to consciousness without much trouble. She speedily recovered full control of her faculties, so that she was able to ask calmly enough for the details or the sudden illness which had terminated fatally in her presence. "I was sent for about one o'clock/ said the doctor. "Your husband was then very ill. and I soon became alarmed at his condition. Of course, we imme- diately endeavored to find you, but we could not. I suppose that you were at the house of some friend. We sent to several places--Mrs. Warner's and oth- ers. Unfortunately, we did not send to the right place, wherever that may have been." The doctor paused, as if expecting some reply, but Mrs. Torrey did not open her lips. "Your husband had not been well during the forenoon," the physician continued. "He had remained in his room." "I was aware of that." said Mrs. Torrey. "About noon, he sent to the kitchen for some beet broth, and it was made for him. Immediately after taking it. he became violently ill. It seems al- most as if there must have been some- thing wrong with the broth. I have taken what remained in the bowl, and I shall examine it." Doctor Frazer was laboring under great excitement. As he stood before the lady, who sat with her arms rest- ing upon a small table, his fingers played nervously with a fold of the tablecloth. Mrs. Torrey looked up at him with an intense expression, which deepened into horror. She rose slowly, and leaned over the table, so that her face was near his. "Do you mean to tell me," she de- manded in a whisper, "that my hus- band was poisoned?" The physician was silent for a full minute, during which time he eyed the woman's face with professional atten- tion. What he saw there seemed to em- bolden him. "Mrs. Torrey," he said, with a sud- den access of firmness, "it is my duty to tell you that your husband exhibited all the symptoms of poisoning with ar- senic. Deeply as I regret the necessity of adding to your burden at this time, I must put the ease into the hands of the authorities for a full investiga- tion." He was a man who had ever been faithful to the honorable rules of his profession, but the expression of his face had never been trained to keep a secret. It could be read at a glance. "Wretch!" cried the widow of an hour. "Do you dare to accuse me?" "It is impossible that I should do so." he replied gently. "There is ab- solutely no evidence. The case stands thus: This beef broth was prepared in the kitchen, by Mrs. Ward, a woman absolutely beyond suspicion, as I need not tell you. She put it into a bowl, and that into a plate, and carried it to the door of your husband's room. "She knocked, and he came to the door, but did not open it. He told her to put the broth on that little stand which is near the door, and he would get it presently. "Now, Mrs. Torrey. the critical point is this: No one knows how long the 