The Yellow Claw 3 Leroux stood up, dashing his pen upon the table. "I shall have to sack that man!" he cried. "He takes too many liberties-- stopping out until this hour of the night!" He pulled open the study door, crossed the hallway, and opened the door beyond. In, out of the darkness--for the stair lights had been extinguished--stag- gered a woman; a woman whose pale face exhibited, despite the ravages of sorrow or illness, signs of quite unusual beauty. Her eyes were wide opened, and terror-stricken, the pupils con- tracted almost to vanishing point. She wore a magnificent cloak of civet fur wrapped tightly about her, and, as Le- roux opened the door, she tottered past him into the lobby, glancing back over her shoulder. With his upraised hands plunged pathetically into the mop of his hair, Leroux turned and stared at the in- truder. She groped as if a darkness had descended, clutched at the sides of the study doorway, and then, unstead- ily, entered--and sank down upon the big chesterfield in utter exhaustion. Leroux, rubbing his chin perplex- edly, walked in after her. He scarcely had his foot upon the study carpet, ere the woman started up tremulously, and shot out from the enveloping furs a bare arm and a pointing, quivering finger. "Close the door!" she cried hoarsely. "Close the door! ... He has . . . followed me!" The disturbed novelist, as a man in a dream, turned, retraced his steps, and closed the outer door of the flat. Then, rubbing his chin more vigorously than ever, and only desisting from this ex- ercise to fumble in his disheveled hair, he walked back into the study, whose Athenean calm had thus mysteriously been violated. Two minutes, to midnight; the most respectable flat in respectable West- minster; a lonely and very abstracted novelist--and a pale-faced, beautiful woman, enveloped in costly furs, sitting staring with fearful eyes straight be- fore her. This was such a scene as his sense of the proprieties and of the prob- abilities could never have permitted Henry Leroux to create. His visitor kept moistening her dry lips and swallowing emotionally. Standing at a discreet distance from her: "Madam," began Leroux nervously. She waved her hand, enjoining him to silence, and at the same time inti- mating that she would explain herself directly speech became possible. While she sought to recover her composure, Leroux, gradually forcing himself out of the dreamlike state, studied her with a sort of anxious curiosity. It now became apparent to him that his visitor was no more than twenty- five or twenty-six years of age, but ill- ness or trouble, or both together, had seared and marred her beauty. Amid the auburn masses of her hair gleamed streaks, not of gray, but of purest white. The low brow was faintly wrinkled, and the big--unnaturally big --eyes were purple shaded; while two heavy lines traced their way from the corner of the nostrils to the corner of the mouth--of the drooping mouth with the bloodless lips. Her pallor became more strange and interesting the longer he studied it; for, underlying the skin was a yellow tinge which he found inexplicable, but which he linked in his mind with the con- tracted pupils of her eyes, seeking vainly for a common cause. He had a hazy impression that his visitor, beneath her furs, was most in- adequately clothed; and, seeking con- firmation of this, his gaze strayed downward to where one little, slippered foot peeped out from the civet furs. 