The Crime Destroyer 43 I tried to decide what I would have ad- vised if I had known nothing of the Order of the White Bear, and had never seen Humphrey Steene. Taking this note to headquarters would have been the first step. That could be dis- pensed with, inasmuch as Steene would certainly consult with the commis- sioner himself, if he considered it ad- visable. I might advise Bob Brittain to secure the services of the clerk who had re- ceived the note. In West Fourth Street, or its immediate vicinity, they might come upon the man who had brought it to the club. I could see nothing against this plan, so I suggested it. He clutched at it eagerly, only asking that I should go also. In ordinary circumstances, I would have gone--nothing could have re- strained me from going, I would have thought. But the knowledge that I was a marked man restrained me . If I was to be of any use to Humphrey Steene, I must allay the suspicions of the or- der regarding what I knew. "I could do no possible good, Bob," I told him. "If you find your man, and the locality where the note was picked up, telephone me and I shall come." He jumped up, anxious not to lose a moment unnecessarily. "I'll be round at the house on Fifth Avenue in the morning, to see the fam- ily lawyer and the undertaker and fix up the final arrangements for Uncle John's funeral. Won't you come, too, as a sort of moral backer?" I smiled inwardly at Bob Brittain's peculiar weakness. He would go through fire and water, so long as he felt that he had some one he believed in at his back; without support, he was as helpless as a lost puppy. It was when I considered how easily he might be led for evil by the secret agents of the White Bear that my heart turned to lead. "I'll be there, Bob," I promised. CHAPTER X. A MYSTERIOUS ACCIDENT. AT eleven next morning, the butler answered my ring and admitted me to the Brittain residence on Fifth Avenue. "Mister Robert is in the library, sir. He expects you," said Fielding. There was something fascinating about Fielding; he was so stolid. He was English, and his late employer had considered him a treasure. Certainly he had the business of being a butler reduced to a fine art, but he was alto- gether too smooth for my liking. I found myself recalling my suspicions, aroused by Humphrey Steene's avoid- ance of the man. But if he knew any- thing, it was hidden behind an inscru- table mask of punctilious dignity--the mask of the perfect English man- servant. Bob Brittain was unfeignedly glad to see me, but he looked a wreck. "Any results?" I asked, though I knew already what the answer would be. He shook his head despondently. "Nothing. We kept up the search so long as there were a dozen people to be found on West Fourth Street, but saw nothing of the Italian. We're go- ing down there again this afternoon, as soon as Tomkins, the clerk at the club, is off duty." I raised no objection, having nothing better to suggest till I should have seen Humphrey Steene. Mr. Whiting will be here any min- ute; and Felix, the undertaker, prom- ised to be here at half past eleven." "He'll be on time," I put in, con- scious that the grim jest was out of place. "I want you to hang around and help me with advice when you think it nec- essary." "All right, Bob, I'll do what I can." We lapsed into silence, oppressed by the associations of that room. It was 