84 Detective Story Magazine this bunch of ragged nerves, I was once a strong man." Pausing, he remained silent so long that I laid aside my tackle and, sitting with arms clasped about my knees, prompted him: "What was your occupation?" "I was a lawyer, practicing in Mo- bile, the junior member of a firm of three. Because I had been doing a good deal of extra work, and was pretty well run down, the senior member persuaded me to take a week's rest, and come down here on the sound to the little village of Cody, with the hope of re- gaining my appetite. As I have always had an aversion to any large body of water, I tried to beg off; but he was obstinate. "One afternoon, shortly after I had arrived, while floundering about in the shallow water, ankle-deep in the slimy ooze that covers the bottom, trying to persuade myself that I was enjoying a swim, a clumsy old scow, filled with a crowd of laughing boys and girls, swung slowly out from the near-by wharf. " 'Come and join us!' called a young man I had met at the hotel. 'We are going to pole out to deep water, where we can have some sure-enough swim- ming and diving.' "Scrambling aboard, I was intro- duced to the party; but it was with a sinking sensation that I noticed the water growing deeper and deeper, the long poles with which we were pro- pelled becoming more and more sub- merged, as we moved slowly out. "Then, one of the girls, Vivian White, rose from where she was crouched on the bottom, and made her way to the bow. As she stood there, poised for a dive, she seemed to me like some goddess of the waves. A rub- ber bathing hat, above a beautiful, smil- ing face, covered her head; her body was slender and graceful; the wind whipped her short skirt about strong, shapely limbs. "For an instant, her arms were raised high above her head; then, deep, deep into the black water, she plunged, and I shuddered as it closed above her. But in an instant she reappeared, and, swimming to the side of the boat where I sat, held out her hand to me. I helped her aboard for another dive, and, from then on I thought of noth- ing but her. Devoting myself entirely to her service, I did not enter the water that afternoon. "From that time, I became her ad- mirer, her follower, her ardent suitor. "She was a good sailor, and often took me with her in her crazy little cat- boat. But the haunting fear of the water still clung to me, and many times I begged her to give up sailing. She just laughed, however, and my misgiv- ings seemed only to amuse her. "It was now time for me to return to my work, but I arranged for another month. For I passionately loved this sailor girl from an up-State town; and at last, one moonlight night on the beach, I held her in my arms and made her acknowledge that she also loved. "The next morning, I met her as usual; but soon she sailed away alone in her little boat, straight out across the sound, leaving me disconsolate on the end of the wharf, to follow the white sail with my eyes until it became a tiny speck, and then disappeared al- together, seeming to mingle with the rippling, oily water. "After moping about for an hour or two, I began to notice black clouds rolling and banking in the southern sky, and, landsman though I was, I knew that one of those sudden, fierce squalls was gathering, and I was filled with terror. "Frantically I tried to find a boat- man who would go with me to meet Vivian, in case her own little boat should come to harm; but each, in turn, 