6 Detective Story Magazine a disturbance that they attracted the at- tention of Mr. John Exel, M. P., oc- cupant of the flat below, who at that very moment had returned from the House, and was about to insert the key in the lock of his door. He looked up the stairway, but, all being in darkness, was unable to detect anything. There- fore he called out: "Is that you, Leroux? Is anything the matter?" "Matter, Exel!" cried Leroux. "There's the deuce of a business! For mercy's sake, come up!" His curiosity greatly excited, Mr. Exel mounted the stairs, entering the lobby of Leroux's flat immediately be- hind the owner and Doctor Cumberly-- who, like Leroux, was arrayed in a dressing gown; for he had been in bed when summoned by his friend. "You are all in the dark here," mut- tered Doctor Cumberly, fumbling for the switch. "Some one has turned the light out!" whispered Leroux nervously. "I left it on." Doctor Cumberly pressed the switch, turning up the lobby light as Exel en- tered from the landing. Then Leroux, entering the study first of the three, switched on the light there also. One glance he threw about the room, then started back like a man physically strickep. "Cumberly!" he gasped. "Cum- berly!" And he pointed to the furry heap by the writing table. "You said she lay on the chester- field," muttered Cumberly. "I left her there. . ." Doctor Cumberly crossed the room and dropped upon his knees. He turned the white face toward the light, gently parted the civet fur, and pressed his ear to the silken covering of the breast. He started slightly and looked into the glazing eyes. Replacing the fur which he had dis- arranged, the physician stood up and fixed a keen gaze upon the face of Henry Leroux. The latter swallowed noisily, moistening his parched lips. "Is she . ." he muttered; "is she-" "Heaven's mercy, Leroux!" whis- pered Mr. Exel. "What does this mean?" "The woman is dead," said Doctor Cumberly. In common with all medical men, Doctor Cumberly was a physiognomist; he was a great physician and a propor- tionately great physiognomist. There- fore, when he looked into Henry Leroux's eyes, he saw there, and recog- nized, horror and consternation. With no further evidence than that furnished by his own powers of perception, he knew that the mystery of this woman's death was as inexplicable to Henry Le- roux as it was inexplicable to himself. He was a masterful man, with the gray eyes of a diplomat, and he knew Leroux as did few men. He laid both hands upon the novelist's shoulders. "Brace up, old chap!" he said. "You will want all your wits about you." "I left her," began Leroux hesitat- ingly--"I left-" "We know all about where you left her, Leroux," interrupted Cumberly; "but what we want to get at is this: what occurred between the time you left her, and the time of our return?" Exel, who had walked across to the table, and, with a horror-stricken face, was gingerly examining the vic- tim, now exclaimed: "Why! Leroux! She is--she is . . . undressed!" Leroux clutched at his disheveled hair with both hands. "My dear Exel!" he cried. "My dear, good man! Why do you use that tone? You say 'She is undressed!' as though I were responsible for the poor soul's condition!" "On the contrary, Leroux!" retorted Exel, standing very upright, and star- 