The Sultana Crescent By Wiliam F. Vassall THE final strains of the enchant- ing waltz died away, and Rich- ard de Launcey led out upon the white deck of the liner his partner of the last dance. "Isn't it lovely?" she asked, her en- tire soul bubbling over with the ex- hilaration of youth, of happiness, of life itself. "Entrancing," he replied., with a broad a. "The music, the dancing, the night. It's worth living for." She hardly heard him. Her eyes were lost, away in the dim distance, where the cold moonlight fell on the sparkling water, calm as a mill pond, save only where the sharp prow of the Almirante parted it as she drove stead- ily forward. De Launcey's palm involuntarily pressed lighter upon the slender fingers of the girl. "Will this ever happen again?" he asked soulfully. "Shall we ever meet again under these--aw--chawming conditions?" The jarring cockneyism of the man abruptly awakened the girl out of her reverie. She gazed up into his face with her large, brown eyes, her lips parted, her breast heaving intoxicat- ingly, and her round, graceful throat fluttering above the costly clasp of scin- tillating gems that gathered together in one duster the rich draperies that clothed her superb form. For one instant, their eyes met; and it was not the girl's that wilted under the emotion of contact-- "What do you mean?" she asked. "It all comes like a great, grand dream," he said slowly. "It cannot last. I know I shall soon wake up." "You needn't, if you don't want to," she replied. "The climate, they tell me, is the same ail the year round; and the great ballroom at the Constant Spring rivals the Ritz or the Cecil." "I know," he replied. "I have ex- perienced the delights of both. But you--you will not always be there. "Oh," she said coldly, "I did not un- derstand." A deep silence followed, and the water lapped the side of the ship as she slowed down, nearing shore. Daz- zling for five seconds, then lost for five more, alluringly intermittent, the glow- ing tower of Plumb Point Lighthouse beckoned invitingly from the far northwest. The lights of Kingston were not yet visible, but along the dis- tant horizon, clear cut by the light of the moon, shot through the limpid, translucent atmosphere, a few strag- gling lights flickered like stars lost in a wilderness. De Launcey's eyes took in all this before they again rested on the girl at his side. "Miss Ransome," he said, "there is so much I would like to tell you; yet I 