30 Detective Story Magazine The young man behind the mahogany desk flicked specks of imaginary dust from the sleeve of his perfectly dust- less coat. Then he leaned back in his chair, and, while he tapped the fin- gers of one hand on the polished wood before him, he scowled as he critically examined the fingers of his other hand, a hand which showed nails that evi- dently had more care lavished upon them than had even been lavished on the rest of his person. "I'll phone Dunham, and you'll get your pay," said Cobb. "But, of course, it's understood that everything that you've learned here as my clerk is strictly confidential--strictly confiden- tial." "Sure!" replied the other, and with- out hesitation. "Nobody hands me a pay envelope for missionary stunts. You'll give me a letter, too. Must have a letter. It isn't easy to yank in an- other job." "If you do regard the matters of this office as strictly confidential, best kind of a letter," promised Cobb. "I said I would, and I mean it. I don't believe in slinging mud at the last boss. That ain't my way." "Leave your house address, and I'll send the letter." "Not for little Willie boy--not in this office," replied the clerk. Cobb tapped his fingers on the desk again. "You won't take any chances with me," he said, while his lip curled downward, displaying teeth which had the same care as his hands. "Seen too much to take chances," re- plied the other. "Seen a great deal too much." "Send in the stenographer--I'll dic- tate a letter now--sign it before five. I'll do more than the letter. I'll tell Dunham to give you three weeks' pay. My affairs are strictly confidential. Savvy!" "Sure!" again replied the clerk. "It's a go. But I wouldn't have said any- thing, even if you hadn't offered me the extra." With this concession for what his code of business ethics would have pre- vented him from doing, anyhow, the clerk opened the door and passed out, leaving his employer to his pile of cor- respondence. "Like salts in hot water, that sort of tootsie baby slush!" exclaimed Cobb, as he began to sort out his letters. "Never told any one this was a bread line or a Salvation Army shop. If you've got a hunch for the good old stuff, and have the brains to pull it, you'd be a fool if you didn't pull it. And I pay good money to my adver- tising men for saying everything they can say that's good about my deals. Then my bait is gone over by the slick- est legal talent I can get. It's up to the fishes to find out what's queer!" Cobb had just dictated the letter he had promised the clerk, when a visitor was admitted into the private office, al- though his instructions were to admit no visitors. She, for, due to the peculiarities of his trade, Cobb dealt mostly with those feminine, was one of the women who have school-teacher so plainly written on their faces and persons that it is as if their occupation were carried before them inscribed on a banner. Past middle age, she was as easy a prey for her hopes for an invest- ment of cent per cent on her meager savings as a starving rat is a prey for a poisoned piece of meat. She timor- ously entered--the office and man were bluffingly imposing--and took an un- easy seat beside the shining mahogany desk. She hardly dared raise her eyes to the frowning face at her side. "It was really awfully hard work to get in here," she said falteringly. "Seemed as if they'd never, never let me. But the men outside wouldn't talk about my lot--and, I'm sorry to trouble you, Mr. Cobb--but it's so--so very important." 