48 Detective Story Magazine through a door. Detective Riley made no effort to descend the steps and catch him in the lower hall. Before his eyes was the Black Star, the big quarry-- and the other man was to return in an hour and a half. Neither did Riley hurry below and make an effort to capture the master criminal in his lair. He determined to watch developments. He did not know what a few minutes might bring forth. Important clews that would lead to the capture of members of the Black Star's band might be forthcoming. And it appeared that there was no danger at present of Muggs being made the vic- tim of violence, since the abductor was to return and remove him. Also, the Black Star had spoken of another man. With his eyes glued to the crack in the floor, Riley waited breathlessly, an interested spectator of what transpired. The Black Star spent some minutes walking back and forth across the room, now and then chuckling as he looked at the unconscious Muggs. Then he spoke--and Muggs showed that he had regained consciousness. From then until the Black Star raised the curtain and showed Roger Verbeck gagged and lashed to a chair, Detective Riley lost not a word or movement of the master crook. But the sight of Verbeck, held a helpless prisoner, almost made Riley lose cau- tion. He was on his feet instantly, ready to slip down the stairs, cover the Black Star with a weapon, release Ver- beck and Muggs, and take the master rogue prisoner. But caution returned to him in time to check such a course. To make a move like that might be to meet with disaster. Riley did not know whether other members of the band were near, ready to answer an alarm from the Black Star. He did not know what would confront him if he threw open the door and faced the Black Star, for the Black Star had proved he had un- usual methods of protection. And a slip, a mistake, a failure, might result in the capture of the master criminal being further delayed. Riley decided to watch longer, that there was no need for immediate action, since Verbeck and Muggs did not appear to be in peril. He stooped over the crack again, and there he remained. He heard the bell ring, and saw a gowned-and-masked figure enter and give number and coun- tersign. And then Detective Riley for- got even Roger Verbeck and his predic- ament momentarily, as he read the blackboard conversation and realized what the Black Star and his band in- tended doing that night. Riley had an added need for caution now. He had to rescue Verbeck and Muggs, prevent the theft of the gold, capture the Black Star, and some of his band, if possible. He could slip away and go for help--but while he was gone, Verbeck and Muggs might be moved, and Riley would not know where they had been taken; or the master criminal might leave his head- quarters, and the police find an empty nest when they arrived. Also, Detective Riley, who had known Verbeck's father and adored the son, decided he would rather win the victory with only Verbeck and Muggs to help. He wanted to see Verbeck victorious in his feud with the master criminal. And the Black Star was a man of strategy who would not be cap- tured through violence. Two or three men meeting him at his own game would have a better chance for victory. There was another angle, too--a noisy attack on the Black Star's head- quarters would warn the members of his band and allow them to escape. By working a clever plan of campaign, it was possible to arrest some of the mas- ter crook's accomplices. Riley had the plan. He remembered how Roger Verbeck, on a former oc- casion, had donned the Black Star's 