34 Detective Story Magazine Even in this moment of pain, Muggs, though claiming no superior power of reasoning, could not help but think what a fool the Black Star had been to tell Verbeck his schemes. That was the man's weakness--he had to boast. It was boasting that had brought him to the close attention of Roger Verbeck, and caused all the trouble. "My hunch--was right," Muggs mut- tered. "I told the boss--that I had a hunch!" He sat up again; the dizziness had passed, but his head still pained. He must act quickly, he kept telling him- self over and over. Then the plan for which he had been groping flashed into his brain. Muggs sprang to the telephone and called police headquarters. He got the chief on the wire. "The Black Star has escaped!" he cried. "You'll get his gang down at the dance, but you'll not get him unless you hurry. He knocked me down and escaped. I know where you can catch him--if you're quick!" Shouted queries and commands came to him from the frenzied chief. "A house--in the south end of town!" Muggs gasped. "A deserted house--he has his headquarters there! He's gone there to get money, then he'll get out of town. You can catch him! . . . What's that? Oh, yes --I didn t give you the address!" Muggs swayed from the telephone, but in a moment had gathered his strength and was talking again. He gave the location of the house, and the chief said that he understood. "And I'll be there--I'll start right now," Muggs added. "I'll be there to identify him--" Sudden decision had come to Muggs, and he stumbled away from the instru- ment without further words, not even stopping to hang up the receiver. He hurried across to the door and threw it open and went out. The stinging cold air refreshed him. He started along the driveway. By the time he reached the boule- vard, Muggs was himself again, except that the pain pounded in his head be- cause of the blows the Black Star had given him. He hurried along the street, half running. On the first cor- ner he waited for a car. An automobile came along, bound for town, and Muggs hailed the driver. He was a private chauffeur going to the big hall to fetch home from the ball some of the women of the family for which he worked. Muggs told him it was a matter of life and death, and the chauffeur allowed him to crawl up be- side him, and put on speed. Five min- utes later, well down in town, Muggs got off and hailed the first taxicab he saw, offering double pay if good time was made, and the cab soon was rush- ing toward its destination. The police had acted promptly on Muggs' information, and as the taxi- cab whirled around a comer half a dozen blocks from the goal, Muggs could hear, in the distance, the shriek- ing of a siren on a police automobile. He urged his chauffeur to greater speed. At a corner he stopped the cab, paid the driver, and the next moment was running down the dark side street toward the deserted house. He slipped along the hedge and crept near the wall, making his way toward the door. It was closed, and Muggs did not try to open it, but went on to a window. He raised it as he had that first night when Verbeck had been with him. Muggs wanted to get inside and catch the Black Star at work. He wanted just one blow at the Black Star before the police arrived, for the blow that had been given him, and for the misery Verbeck had been caused. Then he'd gladly hand the Black Star over to the authorities. He slipped through the window. As he did so, the police automobile stopped 