10 Detective Story Magazine have come. So your man thought he had escaped, did he? If ever you see him again, tell him that his bonds were left loose purposely, so that he'd escape and could be shadowed here. Allow me, sir--Mr. Roger Verbeck, at your service!" Verbeck raised a hand and tore otT his mask, and bowed low in irony, meanwhile watching his victim, for he did not make the mistake of under- estimating the cleverness of the man before him, and he was alert for tricks. He saw the Black Star's hands con- tract and his arms stiffen, and imagined the master crook calling down curses on the head of the man who had led ene- mies to his stronghold. Then the Black Star spoke--in a low, penetrating voice, almost a monotone, obviously disguising his real tones. "I suppose you think yon are very clever?" he said. "I don't advertise my cleverness like some persons--and then fail to live up to my estimation of myself," Verbeck replied. "You have done something no out- sider has done before--you have seen the Black Star in his workshop. That is, indeed, a rare privilege. And, of course, you'll pay for it in the end." "You think so?" Verbeck asked. "I presume you started out with the intention of handing me over to your stupid police. The greatest and most difficult thing, you perhaps thought, would be to locate me. Well, you have located me--and your task is but begun." "Indeed?" "It takes evidence to convict." "Naturally," said Verbeck. "Suppose I call the police now. How about the robe and mask you wear, that star, these blackboards, those printed letters identical with ones that have been re- ceived by the police apd the newspa- pers? Evidence? This room is full of it!" "But, when you get right down to the point", said the Btack Star, "you'll want evidence of theft and burglary, you know." "I never heard of a gang yet where some one wouldn't turn State's evi- dence." The Black Star chuckled, and through the slits ia his mask, his eyes seemed to be dancing with delight. "That is just where my cleverness comes in." he said. "To show you how little I fear you, Roger Verbeck, I'll tell you things no man knows except myself. I can tell you, for instance-- and it is the truth--that the Black Star does habe a band working for him, but that not one of them ever saw his face or heard his voice." "Nonsense!" "Not nonsense, but the truth. So certain am I as to what is going to happen to you, Roger Verbeck. that I'll reveal secrets and show you how use- less it would be to fight me, before you --er--cease to trouble me further. I say no member of my band ever saw my face or heard my voice, and it is the truth. I say, moreover, that I never saw the face of one of my band, or heard his voice, that I know nothing of their names or identities, and, when- ever a crime is committed, I do not know which person or group does the work. Can you understand that? Turn State's evidence, Mr. Verbeck? Not a man of them knows a thing to tell, ex- cept against himself." "Rot!" "The truth," said the Black Star. "Attend me closely. I reveal my methods to you, because you'll never pass them on. I began my work years ago. I have a genuine partner, who is not in this city at the present time. When I decided to invade this town, he came here. He rented this old house and fixed up this one room in it. The furnishings were carted one at a time, and they were unloaded several blocks 