Rogue for a Day 39 be bothered. I've saved you--but I had a narrow escape." "Oh, Roger!" Faustina whispered. "And--almost--I thought that you were the Black Star. I recognized the ring, and your hand--and Howard watched that night and saw you go home at four o'clock in the mor--" "I was afraid of that," Verbeck said. "I didn't--really--mistrust you," she said. "But it--it looked so peculiar. And so we came here to-night--but we talked it over first, and decided we'd not steal. I couldn't do it, dear, and neither could Howard. And you must not blame Howard too much about that check. He was young, thoughtless--it has been a great lesson to him. They really stole the money from him, and he got it back from them. We intended going to the corner--at midnight--no matter what happentd. We expected the worst--but we couldn't steal." "My girl!" Verbeck breathed. There was more commotion in the lobby. Some of the dancers were walk- ing in that direction, and Verbeck led Faustina there, with Howard on her other side, in a manner as natural as possible. The Black Star's men and the woman wore handcuffs. Detectives were tak- ing jewels from them, gems they had stolen in the last hour or so. One of the men already was cursing the Black Star aloud, swearing that the Black Star had betrayed them, and declaring he would tell everything he knew. Ver- beck was thankful he had gone to the house and destroyed the letters. "There were to be eight men and two women," he heard a captain say. "We're one man and one woman shy." "I saw another woman with the red ribbon on," spoke up one of the detec- tives. "Maybe I'd recognize her if I saw her again." "We'll have all the exits guarded, and you can look--" Verbeck whirled to Faustina. "We've got to get out of this quick!" he said. "That man may have seen you, may recognize you. Ir we get out now, we are safe, for if he saw you on the street, afterward, in different clothes, he'd never recognize you. And nobody would suspect Faustina Wen- dell. But right now it would be danger- ous for him to see you." "What can we do?" Howard asked, in sudden alarm. "Quiet! Act naturally, for Heaven's sake. Come with me to the door. You came in the electric?" "Yes," Faustina said. "Get all our things in the check room, Howard--as naturally as possible, re- member--and meet us at the door--" Already he was leading Faustina to- ward the nearest entrance. The cap- tain of detectives was rushing there to go on guard immediately. Howard came from the check room, and Ver- beck put Faustina's wrap over her shoulders. "Wait a minute there!" It was the captain of detectives who called to them. "I want to see you before you go-- Oh, 'tis you, Mr. Verbeck? You and your young lady and her brother? Go right along, sir. We're trying to catch a crook or two--we want to watch all who leave. Sorry to have bothered you, sir--" "That's all right, captain," Verbeck said. "I hope you catch your crooks." He lifted his hat and led Faustina out into the corridor, Howard following. They went out into the softly falling snow and the soft blur of thousands of electric lights to safety. They started toward the corner where the electric had been left. But, before they reached it, Verbeck halted in surprise, and with an exclamation of unbelief on his lips. Muggs was run- ning toward him. "May I speak to you a minute-- boss?" he asked. 