Death in Life 71 ployer agreed. "He must have got in by way of the loft, for the doors down here haven't been tampered with. But how the mischief were his suspicions roused?" "I haven't the slightest idea," White- head replied, glancing down again at Chick's pallid face. "I know him by sight, of course, but I never ran up against him like this before, and I'm pretty certain he doesn't know me. It looks, though, as if he must have wit- nessed something queer back there on the avenue and trailed us here." "It certainly does, curse you!" the playwright retorted hotly. "A man is an ass to intrust any part of such a job to another. You and Oliver have bungled this thing, and I do wish I'd never--" "So do I, with all my heart," White- head put in. "Storm away if it will do any good, Wilbur. I'm not afraid of you, and I don't much care what happens. I weakly allowed myself to be drawn into this affair, and I've done my best. Everything seemed to go off without a hitch--much easier than I had expected, in fact. If the beans are spilled in spite of that, it can't be helped, and I don't see how it could have been avoided. As for the rest, I'll soon be out of their reach, anyway; and if it s different with you, that's your own lookout, and your own fault." Leigh blustered for a while longer, but soon quieted down. His conceit assured him that had he been in his accomplice's place. Chick would never have followed the trail of the stolen ambulance; but he realized that the ar- rangement had been his and was quite willing to believe that Whitehead had, indeed, done the best he could. Wrhile the dramatist's anger was ex- pending itself, Whitehead made sure that Chick was not yet dead. "What are you going to do with him?" he asked at length. "I haven't fully determined yet," was the reply, "but he's quite safe, and will remain so until I find a means of disposing of him." "It's safer to handle dynamite, you know," the consumptive reminded him, "than it is to meddle with any of Nick Carter's assistants." CHAPTER XXIV. CHICK IS SENTENCED. WILBUR LEIGH would have done well to heed Whitehead's warn- ing, but he was not in a mood to give it any consideration. On the contrary, it caused his rage to flare up anew "Nonsense!" he cried. "You're wel- come to your sickly fears, but don't try to infect me with them. I wouldn't deliberately have crossed Nick Carter's trail or that of any of his bunch, but I'm not afraid of them in the least. They're clever, of course, and there's no doubt about their obstinate courage, but if they force me to it, I think I can teach them a trick or two. I ac- cept this as a challenge, and I'm not going to make the mistake of resorting to half measures." "I'm afraid you're the one who's playing the fool this time," Whitehead replied. "If anything happens to Chick Carter--" "If nothing happens to him, where will we be? Just tell me that," Leigh broke in. "I tell you, you can't afford to have scruples where those fellows are concerned. If you give them an inch, they'll take a mile every time. This chap is in my power, and I'm not going to risk my liberty by letting him go again. Everything depends on that, and there's only one thing to do with him, I'm afraid. I'd do it now, if I didn't want to find out whether he's alone in this, or was sent out by Carter himself. That might make a difference, and for that reason I'm going to delay matters temporarily." The consumptive's keen eyes were 