118 Detective Story Magazine It was a cruel blow, and hit Pas- quale hard. For ten years be had writ- ten stories of life, stories of death, love, and adventure. Every character, inci- dent, and situation, was born in his own brain, and he heartily despised those who drew their copy from current events. Now, by strange coincidence, on the night when he had finished his latest book, his plot had been acted by live people, in some other part of the city. Worn out and disgusted, Pasquale left London indefinitely. But soon, publisher and public were clamoring for more of his work, so, once more, Bloomsbury saw him working at his table, putting all his mind into a tre- mendous burglary serial which, when finished, was to bring him a sum suffi- cient to drop out of the old life for a year or two. The principal feature of the serial was the inexperience of the burglar, and the safe's lock. Pasquale, all his old college books strewn about the floor, studied to work out a simple and orig- inal combination. For weeks he worried over the lock; the combination bothered him, until one day he accidentally picked up an article on suggestion and will power. Being a practical young man, the facts seemed hysterical, but being also an artist, the idea pleased him greatly. That night, while absently going over the diagram of the lock, his eyes followed the care- fully traced lines of the combination, and he saw with surprise that the letter which had always eluded him, was a "G," and having found it, the key to the opening of the safe was the word "suggestion." "Strange I didn't see that before," he mused. "I didn't even know there were two g's in suggestion. Now for the character. I've got him in my head, but I don't seem to get in touch with the unwashed devil." The story dragged, and, when com- pleted, Pasquale reread it with dis- gust. "It's weak," he complained, "and here's two months already gone, and the whole thing has to be rewritten! It's that burglar. He isn't the right sort --he doesn't live." Lighting his pipe, Pasquale sank wearily into a chair. Twenty minutes passed ... an hour. . . . He reached mechan- ically for his pouch, and, still staring into the fire, refilled his pipe. Again silence; then his lips moved. . . . "I've got you at last, you inexperienced fool!" he muttered. The room was full of smoke. Pas- quale leaned forward in his chair, his face flushed with excitement. Then from his trembling lips the words fell in whispers: "No, not that way! Two g's. . . . S-U-G-G-E-S-T-I-O-N. . . . Yes! . . . Good heavens, can't you spell?' . . . There! You've got it! . . . Three hundred thousand pounds clear for you! Now git!" Pasquale fell back in his chair, ex- hausted and fainting. Suddenly he arose with a start. "Good heavens! Two o'clock! I must have been asleep. I'm dead tired and don't feel like work, but that serial must get off to-morrow, and it has to be completely rewritten!" Stretching himself, he crossed the room to his littered table, and listlessly prepared to write. After the first few words, his pen flew; the ideas tumbled from his brain so quickly that he could not keep pace with them. "Hurrah!" he cried joy- ously. "I've got it! It's like a dream, and clear, too. I must have caught that young burgling rascal when I was asleep just now." Laughing like a boy, Pasquale set to work in earnest. As the clock struck three, his door burst open, and Billy Sheldon, odd-job man on the Daily Scum, rushed in. "Come on, Pierre," he called. "Put up 