12 Detective Story Magazine Believe me when I say everything has been thought of, and for every attack there is a defense arranged. Also, to hand me over to the police would be to warn all the others, and you'd have a difficult time convicting me without their testimony. And there is another thing--" The Black Star hesitated. "Say it!" said Verbeck. "I have said that my organization is far-reaching. If you meddled in my affairs, the chickens might come home to roost. You are up against some- thing regarding the magnitude of which you know very little, Mr. Verbeck. I have only just begun my organization in this city, but already it is broad enough to cause you pain and chagrin, did I put it to work." "I suppose," said Verbeck, "that you imagine you are going to frighten me by this lot of pointless talk." "You may be a very clever man in some things, Mr. Verbeck, but in this you are no better than a babe. Did I take the fancy to do so, I could make you one of my organization, too. But you have gone too far for that--you have discovered too much." "You'd make me join your band of crooks?" exclaimed Verbeck, laughing. "I could force you to be a loyal and obedient member, believe me, if such was my desire. You do not realize, sir, the strength of the Black Star and his band. You do not realize how very little you know. You have heard my voice, that is true, and you have seen my workshop--but even you, Roger Verbeck, have not seen my face." "And what is to prevent me taking a look at it now?" "This," said the Black Star. "You are standing at the end of the table with a pistol in your hand. I am seated, and my hands are on the table before me, so that you could fill me full of lead before I could get a weapon from beneath my robe. But the toe of my left shoe, Mr. Verbeck, is resting on a button in the floor--a button that works a trigger--and you are standing over a cement-lined pit twelve feet deep. Be- fore you could shoot, my toe would press the button--so! And down you go, Mr. Verbeck, through the floor and into the pit, and the trapdoor comes up again--so!--and you are a prisoner in the darkness--you who tried to match wits with the Black Star!" It all had happened in a second of time. A section of the floor had swung downward with a crash, and Roger Verbeck had been dashed to the bottom of the pit. The one shot he fired went wild, the bullet burying itself in the ceiling. The trapdoor closed again-- and the Black Star, standing at the end of the table now, threw back his head and laughed uproariously. And the laughter died in his throat as he sank suddenly to the floor! For Muggs was through the door as Ver- beck shot downward, and the butt of his automatic had crashed against the Black Star s head just behind the left ear. CHAPTER IV. ROGUE PRO TEMPORE. MUGGS was a product of the slums, and had known the inside of a prison. Five years before, Roger Ver- beck had picked him up in Paris, at a time when Muggs was contemplating throwing himself into the Seine, for misery and crime and poor living had broken his spirit and made existence a nightmare. Verbeck had taught him that wits can be used for honest pur- poses, had given him a home, and in return Muggs, in his gratitude, gave Verbeck what services he could. He was of the type willing to die to save a benefactor pain. Muggs had not struck the Black Star a light blow, and when the master crook fell, Muggs knew he would remain un conscious for some time to come. He 