120 Detective Story Magazine immediately, for at any moment the Fiddler may turn the matter over to their lawyers. That Moorkins burglary is still bothering Scotland Yard, and if your story gets into their hands before they catch their man, we'll have to put up a big fight. I need not assure you, old man, that my mind is at rest, knowing there is some ex- planation which, at the time of writing, my matter-of-fact brain is incapable of conceiv- ing. Therefore directly you arrive, come to my office. Yours ever, Arthur Burns. "What's it all about," Pasquale mused. "Arthur writes as if he is try- ing to soothe a lunatic, or give courage to a criminal." Glancing at his watch, he left the bungalow, and sprinted along the country road to catch the London express. When Pasquale arrived at his law- yer's, Burns led him into his private office. "Glad to see you, old man," he said affectionately. "Have a cigar, and sit still while I tell you my story, and then you can talk. Fact is, I'm all on edge over this blamed thing, and feel as if I want to keep you from talking as long as possible." "Sort of 'every-word-you-say-shall- be-used-against you,' eh?" Pasquale laughed, as he settled into his chair. "Hurry along, Arthur. I want to get back to my potatoes!" Burns walked up and down the room, and finally blurted out in quick, nerv- ous sentences: "About four months ago you re- ceived a commission for a story from the Fiddler. On the morning of May 21st, you took the manuscript to them. You were nervous and unstrung, and told the editor you had written the story only the night before--night of May 20th. The editor gave you check for one thousand pounds. . . . You disappeared. Same time as first install- ment went to press--morning May 21st, the Daily Scum came out with the Moorkins burglary case. The Scum was the only paper that had anything about it, as Moorkins had cautioned Scotland Yard to keep the thing quiet. Since then, all the details have come out, and--and--hang it all, man, the only difference between your story and that robbery is that you wrote the one, and the other is dry police fact! "The Fiddler sent for me at once, gave me back your manuscript, and in- tend to sue, if you don't make good their check for one thousand pounds. They believe you got the whole thing from the Scum, and played a low-down trick by sending it in as original stuff. Good! But their lawyers will want to know how you got the details; how you learned the combination of the lock Moorkins invented and manufactured himself! Remember, all these details did not come out until nearly a week after your manuscript went to press. "Now, man, it's serious, and if you can't make it clear, you'll probably be under suspicion as the man for whom the police are at present scouring Lon- don! That's all--and, for Heaven's sake, say something!" Like a man who had received his death sentence, Pasquale raised a white face and looked at his friend. "Just my luck, Arthur. There's my little potato patch and the bungalow with the yellow roses all wiped out!" Burns looked at his friend with con- sternation. "Man alive, stop this talk about potatoes and yellow roses! Can't you understand? It's this: Did you rob Moorkins' safe and get off with three hundred thousand pounds, or did you, like a beastly cad, sneak the whole story from some reporter and pass it off as firsthand stuff? "The first I won't believe. The other . . . why, it's your utter ruin, and the ruin of whoever gave you inside information! In that case you'll be lucky to get off with heavy damages, but you'll never be able to soothe the feelings of the public after playing the fool like this! Ruin, man . . . utter ruin!" Pasquale stood up wearily and 