The Crime Destroyer 45 trust? Not another patient on your hands, doctor?" "Mildred was kidnaped--yesterday," said Bob. The little lawyer's plump cheeks grew red. "Kidnaped! Pre-posterous!" he ejaculated, almost angrily. Bob Brittain put Mildred's note into his hand. His jovial countenance assumed a worried expression. "Pre-posterous!" he ejaculated once more. He was examining the note and the envelope that had contained it. "You are sure this is Miss Brittain's writing?" "Positive!" Both of us answered together. "What have you done? What are you doing here, idle, with danger hang- ing over that child?" "I've been to the police," Bob Brit- tain told him. "I didn't show them the note, so they were inclined to believe Mildred had gone to friends on her own accord, and would communicate in a day or so." He proceeded to recount the circum- stances under which he had received the note, and his search the night before. Mr. Whiting screwed up his face till it looked positively comical in its seri- ousness. "This is a case for a private-detec- tive organization; I know the very man." "Who?" Bob Brittain leaned to- ward him eagerly; but at that moment I was paying attention to neither of them. My eyes were riveted on a face that had appeared among the lilac bushes beyond the balcony rail, at- tempting to read the signals its owner was making with two fingers of one hand. He held them up, pointed to the lawyer and to me, and then indicated a single-story annex that ran out at the back of the house, which I knew to be the billiard room. Before Mr. Whiting could reply to Bob Brittain's question, I interrupted them: "If you will excuse us, Bob, I wish to consult with Mr. Whiting a few mo- ments. We'll go to the billiard room- if you have no objection." He stared at me, surprised and hurt, but quickly recovered his equilibrium. "Certainly, Tom, go right ahead." He drew out a gold-mounted ciga- rette case, and lighted a cigarette--pos- sibly to steady his impatience--and wonderingly the lawyer followed me from the room. CHAPTER XI. A JOLT FROM THE LAWYER. WHAT next, doc?" Mr. Whiting was almost as im- patient as Bob Brittain himself. He shot out the question before I had closed the door of the billiard room be- hind us--and locked it. Instead of answering, I crossed the length of the room and opened one of the rear windows. It was fully eight feet above the ground, but with that agility he had already shown me on the occasion of our journey over roofs and fences in West Sixteenth Street, Hum- phrey Steene swung himself up and over the sill. "Think of the devil--" the little lawyer exclaimed. His eyes were round with astonishment. "Lo, Whiting! D'ye mean you wanted to consult me?" Contrasted with his melodramatic predilection for back yards, gardens, and roof tops. Steene's matter-of-fact- ness was always a trifle disconcerting. Mr. Whiting chuckled ruefully, "You'd be the death of me, Hum- phrey, if my heart weren't as sound as a bell." He had Mildred's note still in his 