40 Detective Story Magazine pesty around me. I'm that nervous right now I could choke a man!" "I--er--I fail to see-" the other stammered; and he started to walk slowly along the curb, Muggs following. "It ain't polite to stare at the back of a man's head and grin sickly like at the same time," Muggs continued. "There wasn't anybody near me in there, and so you was lookin' at me. I want to know why! Now suppose you give me your pedigree, so we'll know just where we stand!" They were opposite the taxicab now, and the chauffeur sprang from his seat and opened the door as if in anticipation of a fare. It appeared to Muggs that the other man would be only too glad to jump into that taxi and hurry away without explaining; and Muggs did not wish that. While the war against the Black Star and his band was in prog- ress, explanations of any peculiar cir- cumstance were necessary. So now Muggs stepped before the open door of the cab himself, blocking the way, and faced the man who had smiled. "I'm waitin' for an answer!" Muggs declared. The stranger bent forward in the gathering dusk and raised a forefinger, as if to begin a protest of this conduct on Muggs' part. The chauffeur stood with his hand on the door, waiting. "It seems to me-" the stranger began. And in that second, Muggs realized that he had walked right into a trap. The chauffeur grasped him by the throat and kicked his feet from beneath him. The stranger he faced lunged forward suddenly and threw Muggs off his balance. Muggs was hurled to the interior of the cab neatly; and only one person on the street had witnessed the occurrence. Like a flash, Muggs had his feet un- der him again and was crouched against the seat, ready to spring through the door and throttle the first of his foes he met. It flashed through his mind that he should blame himself much for being caught off guard. And then, be- fore he scarcely realized what was hap- pening, before he could make a move, the man who had watched him in the restaurant had entered the cab and closed the door, and the vehicle was moving away from the curb. "Easy! Easy, my man!" the stranger warned. The cab passed beneath the arc light at the corner just then, and Muggs saw steel glitter in the other's hand. It was not the nature of Muggs, however, to allow himself to be captured in this manner without making some effort to disconcert his captors. Moreover, he guessed this man and the chauffeur might belong to the Black Star's band. This might be part of a prearranged plan to injure Roger Verbeck in some way. And all that was necessary to arouse Muggs' ire and fighting blood was to threaten disaster to Verbeck, the man he adored, who had saved him from the waters of the Seine five years before and made him a man. It took Muggs less than half a sec- ond to get his breath and decide that the proper thing to do would be to spring upon the other man and make an effort to overcome him, taking the chance of receiving a bullet in his vitals. Muggs sprang like a lion, and silently! In midair he met something new. The other had raised what Muggs had supposed was an automatic pistol fitted with a silencer. Now he pulled the trigger! No hot lead seared Muggs, no bullet tore its way through his body. But, from the muzzle of the weapon flashed a cloud of pungent vapor, and Muggs, gasping his surprise, drew the vapor deep into his lungs. The stranger caught Muggs in his arms and lowered him gently to the 