The Crime Destroyer 47 ments for his uncle's funeral, et cetera, and when I saw that he was handling matters in a businesslike way, I pleaded "my patients," and left them together. I did have some calls to make, and kept my appointments before return- ing to Park Avenue. There I found a telegram from Bloom--he could come a week earlier than we had at first ar- ranged--and a uniformed messenger awaiting me. "From Mr. Bernstein," he said, as he handed me a sealed envelope. "He told me to hand it to you, sir, and no one else." I gave him a dollar bill. I was thinking of a man I had seen on the sidewalk outside my house. He had moved off, while the car was still two blocks away, but I recognized him-- having seen him acting the part of sleuth the night before. "Of course, if you are asked any questions, you will answer--" The lad winked profoundly. "I never do, doctor," he said: "least- wise, not when Mr. Bernstein sends me out." He touched his cap and withdrew. His answer had given me a complete sense of security, as I reflected that there seemed to be no branch of public service wherein Humphrey Steene lacked picked agents that were abso- lutely to be trusted. Nevertheless, Humphrey Steene's message was startling, to say the least. As I read it, the icy hand of fear clutched at my heart once more. The message was this: You are now 1004, minus. Be wary. After Thursday you should be safe. After Thursday! As yet it was only Friday. That left six and a half days in which I was to be exposed to the danger of sudden death. Hundreds of agents of the Order of the White Bear might be waiting a favorable opportu- nity to strike--or perhaps only one spe- cially chosen for the task. I had been considered a neutral-- one to be watched constantly. Why was my sign now a minus--signifying death ? Then I recalled the incident of the fallen jardinière, and the words I had uttered immediately before it crashed to the floor: "If I didn't happen to know exactly what caused your uncle's death." I felt that I needed a bracer just then--and I took it. CHAPTER XII. A MIDNIGHT TRANSFER. IT was a nightmare week I passed be- fore the sailing of the Eutopia. I went about my business as a physician to the last, but I took certain obvious precautions. For instance, I slept-- for the first time in my life--with door locked and windows fastened, and kept a loaded revolver under my pillow. Three times I received calls in the night from people unknown to me, and, while I consider it the first duty of a physician to answer the call of hu- manity, in each case I advised the caller to get another doctor, as I could not come. Doctors are plentiful enough in New York, and I would take no chances till I was assured of the permanent safety of Mildred Brittain. Knowing what I do now of the meth- ods of the Order of the White Bear and the bold determination of its members of the Intermediate Degree, I am in- clined to believe that it was the fact that I reserved a stateroom on the Eu- topia the same day I received Hum- phrey Steene's warning that saved me. My simple precautions could not have frustrated their plans, but they were not given to committing crimes that prom- ised neither advantage nor profit, and I think my apparent purpose to leave America for a time led them to give me the benefit of the doubt. Doctor Bloom arrived the day before 