100 Detective Story Magazine take his place in the brightest light ob- tainable, and the subsequent scrutiny had soon confirmed his suspicions. "Gillespie" was plainly Ernest Gordon. No make-up could have stood that test--at least, with Thorndyke Flint at the observer's end. "What fools the cleverest of us are sometimes!" the detective thought, with an inward chuckle. "Gordon has such a good opinion of himself, and is so certain that a man needs only to be daring enough in order to carry every- thing before him, that he's actually will- ing to undergo this sort of thing--and he thinks he's getting away with it!" It was no part of the detective's plan, however, to reveal his knowledge of the deception. He wished to give the masquerader as much rope as he could, in order to find out just what Gordon was trying to do. Moreover, he was curious to visit Gillespie's house and find out how Green Eye had succeeded in making himself at home there. Gillespie might have been overpow- ered and stowed away somewhere, or even murdered--though that was un- likely, unless the crime had been com- mitted owing to an accident or miscal- culation on Gordon's part. When the detective reached Gilles- pie's house on Fifth Avenue, he found the situation just as Gordon had de- scribed it. An aged butler answered the bell, and, save for him, the big house seemed deserted. Flint was about to question the old man in a roundabout way in order to discover, if possible, whether there had been anything which might seem suspi- cious or not. Before he could do so, however, the butler offered a couple of letters on a salver. Flint took them after a second's hes- itation, studying the butler's face as he did so. From the man's squint and the lines about the eyes, he saw that the butler was nearsighted. Probably he had been in the family for a long time, but this defect in his eyesight explained his failure to detect the deception. But where was the real Chester J. Gillespie, whose second double was now entering his house, and calmly in- specting his letters? Gordon had given Flint certain neces- sary particulars concerning the ar- rangement of the house, and, thanks to these, the detective mounted the stairs with the utmost assurance, leaving the nearsighted old butler bowing in the lower hall. He found his way to Gillespie's pri- vate room easily enough, the letters still in his hand. After looking about him curiously, and noting the certain evi- dences of recent occupancy, he sat down and glanced mechanically at the letters. One of them obviously was a busi- ness communication, but the other was not. The envelope was unusually large, and of the finest texture. As for the writing, it was big, heavy, and sprawl- ing. In the lower left-hand corner were the words, "Important--please for- ward," and they were heavily under- scored. All is fair in love and war, they say, and if that is so, all is fair in detection as well, especially when the detective is trying to safeguard the man whose identity he has temporarily appropri- ated. Under the circumstances, therefore, Flint felt justified in opening any of Gillespie's correspondence that seemed to promise a solution of the mystery, just as he would have ransacked the house for a similar clew. There might be nothing in it, of course, but this letter appeared to be somewhat out of the ordinary, and might be valuable. Consequently, after a little hesitation, Flint ripped the envelope open without the slightest attempt at concealment, and drew the inclosure out. Soon he was 