64 Detective Story Magazine nod to the ex-champion. He, however, called Chick back, and intrusted his own contribution to him, with the ex- cuse that he had just seen somebody in the crowd to whom he must speak. Nick's assistant accepted the commis- sion, and took to his heels in pursuit of the now vanished ambulance. Luck was against him, however; otherwise he would doubtless have arrived in time to see the rascals at work. Another acquaintance hailed him, a man whose age and prominence made it necessary for Chick to stop, much against his will. He excused himself after a minute or two, but a branch pathway confused him when he reached it, and he saw nothing of the ambulance or of the girls who had been drawing it. But what he did see caused him to forget the rest for the time being. By that time "the man who had been sent to help" had parted from the girls, after turning the substitute ambulance over to them, and was beating a hasty re- treat just as Chick happened along. The fugitive did not pass the detec- tive. On the contrary, Chick was only treated to a sight of his back, and even that was a considerable distance off. Nevertheless, a certain furtiveness about the individual's haste riveted Chick's attention, as such signs always did. He saw the man dart across the turf between a clump of bushes to the alley wall, noted the quick glance to right and left which the fellow gave upon reaching the door, and witnessed his speedy exit. The way in which the man made off was sufficient to tell Chick that some- thing out of the ordinary had happened. It might be of importance, or, on the other hand, it might be as trivial as could be; but the young detective was determined to know more about it if he possibly could before dismissing it from his mind. His offering and that of his friend could be added to the other contribu- tions later on, but here was something that could not wait. Paralleling at some distance the route taken by the man who had absented himself so unceremoniously. Chick ap- proached the rear wall and made his way along in its shadow toward the door. The latter gave readily when reached, and, with a cautious move- ment, Chick thrust his head out. He was just in time to see a roughly dressed man wheeling a small pushcart out of the alley at the next corner, and as the cart turned into the side street, it was possible to see that it contained a squarish object about a foot and a half or two feet in length, covered with burlap. About halfway between the man with the cart and Chick, and headed toward the pushcart, paced the tall, immacu- lately garbed, silk-hatted individual who had just sneaked out of the grounds. There was nothing to warrant Chick's belief that the two men, so dissimilar in appearance, had anything in com- mon. For all the detective's assistant knew, the man with the pushcart might merely have been passing through the alley on some errand of his own; nev- ertheless, the belief amounted almost to conviction. "Those two are pals, and if they're not up to something queer, I'm a plain dub at this game!" Chick told himself. "The chap in the stovepipe must have had an invite, or posed as a guest, at any rate. I wonder what the dickens it means." The only way to find that out was by following, and this Chick did unhes- itatingly. He soon found plenty of reason for his suspicion that the two men were in league. To be sure, they did not join forces. In fact, the well-dressed man made no attempt to gain upon his coarsely garbed accomplice. Neverthe- less, whichever way the man with the 