18 Detective Story Magazine inventory--or such was the impression conveyed. The clock ticked merrily on; its ticking a desecration, where all else was hushed in deference to the grim visitor. The body of the mur- dered woman had been laid upon the chesterfield, and a little, dark, bearded man was conducting an elaborate ex- amination ; when, seeing the trio enter, he hastily threw the coat of civet fur over the body, and stood up, facing the intruders. "It's all right, doctor," said the in- spector; "and we shan't detain you a moment." He glanced over his shoul- der. "Mr. Hilton, M. R. C. S.," he said, indicating the dark man--"Doc- tor Cumberly and Miss Cumberly." The divisional surgeon bowed to Helen and eagerly grasped the hand of the celebrated physician. "I am fortunate in being able to ask your opinion," he began. Doctor Cumberly nodded shortly, and, with upraised hand, cut him short. "I shall willingly give you any as- sistance in my power," he said ; "but my daughter has voluntarily committed herself to a rather painful ordeal, and I am anxious to get it over." He stooped and raised the fur from the ghastly face. Helen, her hand resting upon her fa- ther's shoulder, ventured one rapid glance, and then looked away, shud- dering slightly. Doctor Cumberly re- placed the coat and gazed anxiously at his daughter. But Helen, with ad- mirable courage, having closed her eyes for a moment, reopened them, and smiled at her father's anxiety. She was pale, but perfectly composed. "Well, Miss Cumberly?" inquired the inspector eagerly; while all in the room watched this slim girl in her charming dishabille, this dainty figure so utterly out of place in that scene of morbid crime. She raised her gray eyes to the de- tective. "I still believe that I have seen the face somewhere before. But I shall have to reflect a while--I meet so many folks, you know, in a casual way--be- fore I can commit myself to any state- ment." In the leonine eyes looking into hers gleamed the light of admiration and approval. The canny Scotsman ad- mired this girl for her beauty, as a matter of course, for her courage, be- cause courage was a quality standing high in his estimation, but, above all, for her admirable discretion. "Very proper, Miss Cumberly," he said; "very proper and wise on your part. I don't wish to hurry you in any way, but"--he hesitated, glancing at the man in plain clothes, who had now re- sumed a careful perusal of a newspa- per--"but her name doesn't happen to be Vernon-" "Vernon!" cried the girl, her eyes lighting up at sound of the name. "Mrs. Vernon! It is! It is! She was pointed out to me at the last arts ball --where she appeared in a most mon- strous Chinese costume-" "Chinese?" inquired Dunbar, produc- ing the bulky notebook. "Yes. Oh, poor, poor soul!" "You know nothing further about her, Miss Cumberly?" "Nothing, inspector. She was merely pointed out to me as one of the strangest figures in the hall. Her hus- band, I understand, is an art expert who is-" "He was!'' said Dunbar, closing the book sharply. "He died this afternoon ; and a paragraph announcing his death appears in the newspaper which we found in the victim's fur coat!" "But how-" "It was the only paragraph on the half page folded outward which was in any sense personal. I am greatly in- debted to you, Miss Cumberly; every hour wasted on a case like this means 