Rogue for a Day 13 was sobbing, and calling to Verbeck in a low voice as he put his foot beneath the table and felt for the button. He could not find it at first, for in his eager- ness he was not methodical. Then he qiueted down, and, getting down on hands and knees, went over the floor, inch by inch, until he felt a little knob through the rug. His hand went out; he pressed the knob. At the end of the table appeared a yawning chasm, as a section of the flooring fell back. Muggs was at its side in an instant. "Boss! Boss!" he called. "I'm all right, Muggs! Not even scratched, and not stunned. Hurry up and get me out of here. And watch that chap--" Muggs was on his feet, looking wildly about the room. There was no ladder, no rope, nothing that could reach to the bottom of that twelve-foot pit. But there was a couch in the cor- ner, and Muggs tore off the cover and carried it to the pit's edge. "Grab it, while I brace myself, boss," he directed. "Then climb--I can hold you." And so Verbeck emerged from the pit, bracing his feet against the wall of it and climbing hand over hand up the couch cover, while Muggs, above, braced his feet and bent back, gripping the other end of the cloth. Then the trapdoor was closed again. "Have you killed him?" Verbeck cried, when he saw the form of the Black Star on the floor. "I felt like it, but I thought you'd want him again, boss. I just gave him a smash behind the ear." "Um!" "Don't you think we'd better call the police now, boss? I got a hunch--" "You heard what he said, didn't you, Muggs? If the police take him in, the others will discover it, and escape. And he said some other things that have me guessing. How did he know what I said last night at a private reception in a private residence, eh? I know none of his crooks was close enough to over- hear me. And how does he know what's in my safe? He says he even knows the combination of it, and I don't doubt him." "Then what are we going to do, boss?" Verbeck had slipped off his robe, and now handed it, together with the mask, to Muggs. "Put these outside in the box, then hurry back," he directed. As Muggs rushed away, Verbeck bent forward and took off the Black Star's mask. There was revealed the not unhandsome face of a man about forty-five. Verbeck contemplated this countenance as he started to remove the Black Star's robe. It was one he never had seen before. Despite the Black Star's words, Verbeck had been half of a mind that the master crook was some one known to the city in general as a respectable man, a sort of Jekyll and Hyde. Muggs returned, and the Black Star was gagged and bound with a curtain that Muggs tore from one of the door- ways and ripped into strips. "And now--" Verbeck began. He did not complete the sentence. On the wall above his head, a bell tinkled. Verbeck and Muggs looked at each other, the same idea in the mind cf each. "Another crook," Muggs whispered. "No doubt." "What'll we do?" Verbeck hesitated a moment. "This is a great chance, Muggs," he said finally. "I'll play the Black Star's part. I'll be a crook pro tempore." "What kind of a crook is that?" "The kind I'm going to be, Muggs. Hurry! Get this chap in the other room and shut the door--and watch." As Muggs obeyed, Verbeck put on the Black Star's robe and mask. The 