The Crime Destroyer 53 He made no attempt to detain me. but when, a couple of hours later, I returned the same way, he was seated on another bowlder between me and the gate of Doctor Feldspar's sanitarium. Perhaps the view I had had from the cliff had softened me. At any rate, as I passed him I threw him my tobacco tin, with what was left of its contents. It fell just beyond his reach. He stretched out a foot, and after much effort contrived to draw the tin near enough to pick it up without changing his position. I had intended to ex- change a few words with him, but this exhibition of laziness disgusted me, and I strode on. I was once again opposite the gate to the sanitarium when the honk of an automobile horn caused me to look round sharply. The vehicle was coming at a rapid pace and took the turn in at the gate almost recklessly. But what caused my heart to leap and almost stand still was not that the car had missed me by inches, but that of its occupants one was a hard-featured woman dressed as a nurse, and the other was a beautiful young girl--I could not be mistaken--Mildred Brit- tain. She had looked me straight in the eyes, but had given no sign of recogni- tion. That hurt me, till I recalled that with Titian hair and a reddish Vandyke beard, I must have looked a very dif- ferent individual from Tom Bernard, M. D. But what was she doing in that car? Why should she be an inmate of that house? All the doubtful rumors I had heard regarding the place came back to me with a rush. Here, I de- cided, was one of the strongholds of the Order of the White Bear. Well, whatever the consequences, I would see to it that Mildred Brittain did not re- main within its portals an hour longer. I braced my shoulders, and made a step toward the gate, determined that if its custodian tried to stop me it would go hardly with him. But it was not the gatekeeper that stopped me. Before I had reached that white portal that guarded so much of black villainy, I found myself faced by my friend, the tramp. "I wouldn't go in there if I was you, mister," he said, and he grinned in my face. "What the devil--" In my frenzy. I had raised my hand to strike him, when he added: "I don't reckon it's what Mr. Bern- stein would advise." Just then the gatekeeper appeared at the door of his lodge. The tramp had the tobacco tin in his hand. He held it in front of him in plain view of the lodge keeper, but without apparent os- tentation. "Thank ye kindly, mister; ye're a gent," he said; then went shuffling along the road in the direction from which I had just come. CHAPTER XV. THE MAN FROM PARIS. THE incident of the tramp, who was patently one of Humphrey Steene's operatives, served to reassure me, at least to a certain extent and I went on down the hill to Bender. I was satisfied that Steene was keeping his promise to guard Mildred Brittain from harm. Doubtless he had agents in the house itself, besides the man who, in various guises, had been posted outside to keep as close a guard as he might without arousing suspicion. Nevertheless, I was glad I was to leave the village that night, for there was no doubt I would have tried to see Mildred, and perhaps to communicate with her, and might have endangered the success of the crime destroyer's plans. So far as any of the visitors at the hotel knew, I was to take a train for 