A Captive Soul 85 shook his head. Drenched by the spray, madly I raced up and down the beach, across which the wind had now begun whipping in fierce gusts, vainly scan- ning the horizon for a sight of her re- turning sail. All that met my straining gaze was the water, now broken into choppy waves, and a distant haze that was the long, low outline of Gull Island lying on the outer edge of the sound, with a tiny white spot at its western end, the home of the old scientist, Hetzel. "That night, a fishing smack, beating her way in before the gale, towed be- hind her Vivian's little, overturned boat, which had been picked up near that dangerous pass between Gull and Pinto Islands, where the incoming and out- going tides surge through like a mill race. Here, as you know, many lives have been lost, and the victims' bodies never recovered, presumably having been swept out into the gulf. "At dawn, the wind having gone down, I persuaded a boatman to take me in his gasoline launch to look for Vivian. As she was such a strong swimmer, I was in hopes that she might have swum to one of the islands. When we rounded the western end of Gull Island, and entered the pass, the wind and waves hurled against our bow, while the outgoing tide surged around us in a torrent. "Suddenly, with a wheezy grunt, the engine died, and our launch, tossed around by a big wave against its bow, lay in the trough of the sea. A crest broke over us, half filling the boat with water, and it seemed about to sink. With a yell to me to follow, the boat- man kicked off his shoes and swam di- agonally across to a point on the east- ern end of Pinto. But the old terror of the water, which had been crowded out of my mind during our search, now returned to grip me. Crouching in the bottom, I screamed in an uncontrolled frenzy, while the boat, knocked about- by wind and tide, rolled and spun, and crest after crest broke over me. "Then there was a crash, a dizzy up- - heaval, and I was flung through the air to the sand, the boat rolling completely over me, crushing my body under it. "How long I lay there, I do not know; but it must have been hours, for when at last I staggered dizzily to my feet, it was growing dark. Casting my eyes about for some possible refuge, I for the first time noticed Hetzel's house a great, white pile, without a light show ing, set back among dwarf pine and scrub oak. Stumbling up the beach to- ward the house, I became aware that my wavering course was crossing and recrossing footsteps in the sand that led in the same direction. "I stopped to examine them, then dropped to my hands and knees to get a better look; for the sand, left firm and hard by the late rain, held a good im pression, and showed the maker of the footsteps to have been a boy or woman wearing canvas bathing shoes, such as I knew Vivian to have worn. Rising again to my feet, I began following the tracks back in the direction from which they had come. They led down to the beach, turned up it for a hundred yards, then, abruptly turning again, they led straight down into the water, as if the one walking there had come up out of the sea. "For a while, I stood looking out over the dark water, trying to grasp the full significance of what I had discov- ered, for, if Vivian had swum ashore she would have waded out of the shal- low water and turned in the direction of the only shelter that presented itself Hetzel's house. "Running back to where I had first discovered the footprints, I began to follow them, only soon to lose them among the grass and shrubbery. But so obviously were they leading to the house, that I did not pause, and, as I 