58 Detective Story Magazine if her body should be found--or if she should ultimately be legally presumed to be dead, all his embarrassments will vanish and he will enter into control of one of the greatest corporations in America." "You don't know Bob Brittain," I said, weakly trying to support my friend against Steene's ruthless logic-- the sort of logic he affected to despise. "I do know that it is to give time for these thoughts, to form and grow that the order has delayed action in the case of Mildred Brittain. They hope your friend will prove pliable. They will lead him a step at a time into the maze of secrecy that surrounds each degree attainable. They will test him in a hundred different ways be- fore each succeeding revelation. Crime will be made to appear like justice in his eyes; failing that, it will be shown as at least advantageous. "If he should yield his manhood and his will, the fate of his cousin is sealed --unless you and I can intervene. When they control him, they will con- trol the fortune that comes to him. And, when all is said and done, greed is the mainspring of the Order of the White Bear. Those of the Inner Shrine who prate of the equality of man, the brotherhood of man, and the rights of man are but hypocrites gulling their credulous followers for profit. Ivan Ivanovitch is a monster with a heart of stone." I was trembling with excitement and horror when Humphrey Steene finished this explanation. Truly, I now saw the scheme to ensnare Bob Brittain in all its hideousness. "I am ready for anything now," I told him. "I shall join the order and penetrate to the Inner Shrine itself, if necessary." "Meantime, let us fortify the inner man," he suggested practically, and conducted me to a small dining room, where the housekeeper had served a substantial cold supper. During the meal we talked of other things, and afterward we returned to the sitting room and discussed almost every subject under the sun, except the Order of the White Bear. But when it had become almost dark, he opened a drawer in his writing table and took out a pair of powerful binoculars. "Time to go on the roof," he an- nounced, and led the way onto the fire escape. CHAPTER XVII. ANOTHER ROOF EXCURSION. TILL Humphrey Steene pointed it out to me, I had not supposed that the Alter Tower, one of the tallest in New York, was visible from so far uptown. "The order chose the Alter as a sort of central exchange, because its upper windows are visible for considerable distances in every direction, over the intervening buildings," he told me. "That much my investigations since last I saw you have established. Mes- sages can be sent at night to any quar- ter of the city, for in the guise of a successful advertising concern they oc- cupy an entire floor, with windows fac- ing each of the cardinal points of the compass. The house in Fourth Street --where Miss Brittain was first taken --is commanded from at least two of these windows, so far as the roof is concerned. But nothing can be helio- graphed in this direction. Only night messages can be sent." "Why, then, should Ivanovitch choose to reside in this neighborhood?" I asked. "He can flash his orders by day, and does so every morning. He only receives reports in the office he occu- pies in West Sixteenth Street. He also receives reports and gives orders at night, after he returns to the small flat he occupies back of us there." 