Suggestion 121 walked to the door. "It's no good, Ar- thur. You're wrong in both conclu- sions. I wrote the story out of my head, and that's all there is about it!" Burns started as if his friend had struck him. "Prove it! Prove it, man, by showing where you were that night! Tell me everything!" "Nothing to tell." Pasquale sighed. "I was in my rotten dig's in Blpoms- bury, and wrote the whole thing dur- ing the night. Then my landlady brought up some grub, and I went to the Fiddler and got a check." "But didn't any one see you at work? Didn't anything happen to prove you were there before the landlady came in the morning?" Burns asked excitedly. "No--yes . . ." Pasquale an- swered wearily. "Billy Sheldon came up, I think. Still, I'm not sure, for my head was full of the story then. I re- member it was the very deuce to make it run smoothly." But Burns had rushed to the tele- phone. "Daily Scum?" he shouted. "Send Mr. Sheldon to No. 23 Frog- morton Street, at once--Arthur Burns --third floor!" Then, as he hung up the receiver, he began to pace the room again. "Sit down, Pierre!" he ordered. The two men sat in silence until Billy Shel- don hurried in, copy lust lighting up his handsome, young face. Pasquale glanced impatiently at his eager friend. "For Heaven's sake, Billy, look less like a newspaper man, and stop grinning," he growled. "Then, when you've found out what Burns thinks he's been explaining, come and tell me what the row's about. I'm going to your rooms." When Pasquale had gone, Burns turned to the reporter. "Mr. Shel- don," he said, "I hope you have noth- ing of importance on hand for an hour or so, and that I may speak to you now as a friend of Pierre Pasquale, and not as a newspaper man?" Seeing the old man's worn look, Shel- don answered seriously: "Wherever Pierre is concerned, Mr. Burns, my chief fault is sincerity and affection, for there never was found in the make- up of one man a greater genius and a greater child." Burns took the young man's extended hand, and characteristically went to the root of the matter at once. "It is this, Mr. Sheldon: Our friend may be dragged into the courts and con- victed for the Moorkins robbery on the sole evidence of an unfortunate story. He tells me you came to him on the night of the robbery. Is that so?" "Yes," Sheldon answered immedi- ately, "and he was head over heels in work when I went up at two o'clock in the morning." Then, under the law- yer's questioning, Sheldon set himself to remember every detail of the con- versation on that night. "And you did not return later with any further details you had learned?" Burns finally asked. "No. Nor did I see him again until half an hour ago in this office. More- over, I could have told him nothing further, for we didn't know the details ourselves until three or four days later, when all the stuff about the lock being Moorkins' invention came out." "Well, Sheldon, I'm floored," Burns muttered. "Here, read this. It's the story. You'll then understand how serious this is." Sheldon took the manuscript, and for an hour read in silence. "It's great!" he cried, when he had finished. "But all the facts are stale now. What do you make out of it, Mr. Burns?" "Nothing, or everything; I don't know! Go back to Pierre and make him talk. It will take both of us to sift this, especially as at present his mind runs on nothing but potatoes!" When Sheldon reached home, he found Pasquale working over a sheet of figures which proved to be an ac- 