6 Detective Story Magazine took opposite sides of the walk and slipped along over the frozen ground, darting from shadow to shadow, always watching the elusive shadow ahead. At the street crossings their quarry walked across boldly, and they could not fol- low instantly for fear of being detected, but they always picked up their man again, once they were across. Thus they covered a dozen blocks, and it appeared that the midnight prowler considered himself safe now. He hur- ried down a cross street, his head bent forward against the cold wind that swept up the hill. Block after block, Muggs trailed him, while Verbeck shadowed from the other side of the street, dodging into dark doorways now and then when he expected his man to look behind. The quarry stopped at a corner, lighted a cigar, and stood waiting. Muggs was concealed in a doorway fifty feet behind him; Verbeck was in another doorway across the street. An owl car came along, and their quarry boarded it. But Verbeck had been expecting that, and for some time had been watching a taxicab standing before a drug store on the corner. As the owl car started up again, Verbeck dashed across the street; and he had the chauffeur out of the drug store and into the seat before Muggs reached the spot. "Follow that owl car," Verbeck di- rected. "There's a man on it that we'd like to see when he gets off." "I'm wise." the chauffeur cried. "Fly cops, eh? Get in!" The cab lurched along the slippery street, keeping half a block behind the owl car. Whenever the car stopped, the cab drew up at the curb, and Ver- beck put out his head to watch. But their quarry remained aboard. "If this keeps up, we'll be clear out of town," said Muggs. "Anxious for action?" Verbeck asked, laughing. "You may get plenty of it before we are done. Have a bit of patience, Muggs." "I've got patience all right, boss-- and I've got a hunch, too." "Let's have it!" At times, Verbeck had a great deal of respect for Muggs' hunches. "I've got a hunch we'd have done better if we'd handed that gent over to the police." "I gave you credit for understand- ing the situation, Muggs." "Oh, I understand what you want to do, all right. It'd be great to clean up this Black Star and his gang single- handed, hog tie 'em all, then call in the cops and hand 'em over--especially since he sent you that sassy note--but I've got a hunch we're going up against a stiff game. This Black Star ain't no slouch!" "Afraid?" snarled Verbeck. That touched Muggs on a tender spot, and Verbeck knew it. Muggs turned deliberately and faced his em- ployer. "If that's the way you're looking at it, boss," he said, "trot right along and I'll be behind you. Go the limit, and I'm in the first seat on the right-hand side. But, all the same. I've got a hunch." The taxicab stopped again. Verbeck put his head from the window and im- mediately opened the door. Their quarry had left the owl car and was starting down the dark cross street. Giving a bill to the chauffeur and telling him he need not wait, Verbeck hurried to the corner, with Muggs at his heels. Shadowing here was diffi- cult work, for there was unimproved property, and some old estates not well kept up, where sidewalks were bad and the footing uncertain, and where un- trimmed trees and thick underbrush furnished multitudes of dark spots. Uphill and downhill, always against the biting cold wind and sleet, their man led them. Finally he crossed a va- 