72 Detective Story Magazine fixed upon the speaker, and his shrunken form leaned tensely forward. "Look here!" he said harshly. "I warn you not to go too far. I took a hand in this dirty scheme of yours on the assurance that there would be no blood spilled." The sunken face twitched. "I've fallen low enough, Heaven knows," Whitehead went on in a tense, bitter tone. "Even to the extent of stealing from the woman I once loved. I've never been guilty of murder, how- ever, and have never been associated with one guilty of it--to the best of my knowledge, at least." He paused for a moment. "The only being I've ever killed is- Walter Lispenard Whitehead, and that isn't murder, but suicide." He took a step or two forward, and there could be no doubt of his earnest- ness, although his emaciated form did not inspire much physical respect. "I serve notice on you, therefore," he finished, "that there's to be nothing of that sort, no matter what the con- sequences are to us, and if you fail to take the warning to heart, or I have reason to suspect that you've gone counter to my wishes, I'll tell the whole thing--spread it broadcast. There's not much in my power, but that is, and it means everything to you. Your po- sition, your whole enviable future, de- pends upon the world's ignorance of what you really are, and don't doubt for a moment that I'll turn that igno- rance into knowledge unless you listen to me in this." Wilbur Leigh seized him by the shoul- ders and shook him as a cat shakes a mouse. "You wouldn't dare!" he cried. "That would mean your own exposure--just the thing you ve been fighting against." Suddenly he seemed to feel a sense of shame for having laid hands on a man so near death. At any rate, he let go of Whitehead, and the latter stag- gered back against the bench. A parox- ysm of coughing racked the consump- tive; but when he could speak again, it was evident that his determination was as strong as ever. "Don't--don't count on that!" he stammered. "It's my only weapon against you, and I'll use it if you force me to, no matter what it costs me." Leigh shrugged his shoulders. "Oh, very well," he said, with an air of mock resignation. "I promise you that the fellow there on the floor has nothing to fear from me personally, or from any of the others. I give you my word of honor on it. Does that satisfy you?" Whitehead hesitated while he searched the other's face, and seemed to be weighing his words. Finally he nodded. "Yes," he said, "that seems to be enough. If you keep that promise, I shall be content; and if there's anything I can do to help you guard against the possible consequences of such leniency, I'll willingly do it." At a sign from his employer, Oliver shouldered the strange receptacle which held the stolen valuables, and started toward the doorway. "Come on, then," the playwright said to Whitehead. "We've already wasted too much time here, and it might be in- teresting to see how much of a haul we've made." He gave a last, careless glance in Chick's direction, and passed on. "Are you going to leave him like this?" demanded the consumptive. "Why not? He's hardly in a condi- tion to know the difference between down pillows and the floor he's on." "Perhaps not," admitted Whitehead, "but I can't bear to leave a fellow being in such a plight." Leigh turned back impatiently, then shrugged his shoulders, and leaned against the doorway with a jeering smile on his lips. 