The Yellow Claw 5 poured in gleaming cascade down about her shoulders. Clutching with one hand at her cloak in order to keep it wrapped about her, and holding the other blindly before her, she rose, and, with that same odd, groping movement, began to approach the writing table. The pupils of her eyes were mere pin points now; she shuddered convulsively, and her skin was dewed with perspiration. Her breath came in agonized gasps. "Heavens!--I . . . am dying . . . and I cannot--tell him!" she breathed. Feverishly, weakly, she took up a pen, and upon a quarto page, already half filled with Leroux's small, neat, il- legible writing, began to scrawl a mes- sage, bending down, one hand upon the table, and with her whole body shaking. Some three or four wavering lines she had written, when intimately--for the flat of Henry Leroux, in Palace Mansions, lay within sight of the clock face--Big Ben began to chime mid- night. The writer started back and dropped a great blot of ink upon the paper; then, realizing the cause of the disturb- ance, forced herself to continue her task. The chime being completed: One! boomed the clock; two! . . . three! . . . four! . . . The light in the entrance hall went out! Five! boomed Big Ben; six! . . . seven! . . . A hand, of old ivory hue, a long, yellow, clawish hand, with part of a sinewy forearm, crept in from the black lobby through the study doorway and touched the electric switch! Eight! . . . The study was plunged in darkness! Uttering a sob--a cry of agony and horror that came from her very soul-- the woman stood upright and turned to face toward the door, clutching the sheet of paper in one rigid hand. Through the leaded panes of the win- dow above the writing table swept a silvern beam of moonlight. It poured searchingly upon the fur-clad figure swaying by the table; cutting through the darkness of the room like some huge scimitar, to end in a pallid pool about the woman's shadow on the cen- ter of the Persian carpet. Coincident with her sobbing cry-- Nine! boomed Big Ben; ten! . . . Two hands--with outstretched, crooked, clutching fingers--leaped from the darkness into the light of the moon- beam. "Heavens! Oh, heavens!" came a frenzied, rasping shriek--"Mr. King!" Straight at the bare throat leaped the yellow hands; a gurgling cry rose--fell --and died away. Gently, noiselessly, the lady of the civet fur sank upon the carpet by the table; as she fell, a dim, black figure bent over her. The tearing of paper told of the note being snatched from her frozen grip; but never for a mo- ment did the face or the form of her assailant encroach upon the moonbeam. Batlike, this second and terrible vis- itant avoided the light. The deed had occupied so brief a time that but one note of the great bell had accompanied it. Twelve! rang out the final stroke from the clock tower. A low, eerie whistle, minor, rising in three irregular notes, and falling in weird, unusual cadence to silence again, came from somewhere outside the room. Then darkness--stillness--with the moon a witness of one more ghastly crime. Presently, confused and intermingled voices from above proclaimed the re- turn of Leroux with the doctor. They were talking in an excited key, the voice of Leroux, especially, sounding almost hysterical. They created such 