Snarled Identities 95 Snarled Identities 95 the warden had been doubtful, or was doubtful now concerning the identity of the man who had been burned. He did not say so, of course, but Flint could read doubt between the lines. Obviously, the identification had been a very careless one, or else the prison authorities had deliberately winked at the misleading statements which had found their way into the newspapers. Very likely, they took it for granted at first that the partially burned body was that of Gordon, and afterward pre- ferred to hush the thing up rather than let it be known that there was any rea- son to believe that the redoubtable Green Eye had escaped. "Well, that settles it, I think, for all practical purposes," the detective told himself. ''Cray's identification was a very hasty one, made under very unfa- vorable circumstances, but when it's taken in connection with this trans- parent telegram, and especially in con- nection with the nature, daring, and adroitness of the crime itself, it seems safe enough to conclude that Ernest Gordon is the man I must look for-- and find." Which would be the best course, though? To warn those who might be expected to be approached by the crim- inal, or to wait until they came to the detective? After some thought, Flint decided on the latter course. Naturally, he did not wish that every one concerned should know what had happened, for that seemed unnecessary. He believed that Gordon would concentrate on a few in- tended victims at first, and if the de- tective could discover who those per- sons were, he ought to be able to trap the rascal without allowing the others to know what had threatened them. It was his confident belief that prac- tically every one who might be visited or written to by the blackmailer would try to get in touch with him--Flint-- at once. That made him willing to play this waiting game--at least, for a time. "The first one who communicates with me," he thought, "should give me a line on the fellow's methods and plans. No one is likely to yield to his demands on the spot, and if I can learn of a proposed rendezvous or two, the rest should be fairly plain sailing--un- less the scoundrel learns of my return and plays dead for a while." He had reached this point in his mus- ings when he heard a furious ring at the doorbell. "Possibly that's the first of the vic- tims now," he thought. "If it is, I must prepare myself for some more or less well-grounded reproaches. I can stand them, though, if in addition, I'm put on the track of the man I want to lay my hands on more than I ever wanted to lay them on any one else." CHAPTER XLII. THE FIRST VICTIM. SHORTLY afterward, the butler knocked at the study door and opened it. "Mr. Chester J. Gillespie to see you, sir," he announced. Before Flint could reply, or the but- ler could get out of the way, for that matter, the young man named pushed into the room, his face pale with agita- tion. "You must help me, Mr. Flint!" he cried excitedly. "I--" He paused as Flint motioned the but- ler to withdraw and close the door. When the servant had complied, Flint said quietly: "Sit down, Mr. Gillespie. I'm very sorry to learn that some one has at- tempted to blackmail you, but there's no necessity for such great haste." His caller had started to take a chair, but paused with his hand on the back of it, and stared at Flint in the greatest amazement. Presently, a spot of angry 