Snarled Identities by Douglas Grey CHAPTER XL. FLINT OUTLINES HIS CAMPAIGN. IN a moment Doctor Lord and the nurse were back at the patient's side. "I must ask you gentlemen to go," the physician said crisply. "This has been too much for him, as it is, and any further excitement might cause serious complications, if nothing worse." There was nothing for it but to with- draw, and to hope that the effect of the interview would not be as serious as the doctor suggested. Fortunately, the detective instinct had been strong in Cray, notwithstand- ing his condition, and he had covered the ground pretty thoroughly--surpris- ingly so, in view of the few words he had spoken. His statement about the suit case, and his description of the car might prove particularly valuable. Flint took pains to interview Simp- son, his wife, and the servant before leaving the house, and then paid a visit to the garage. He smiled as he noted the subterfuge of the underground gasoline tank. "Quite clever, on the surface," he re- marked, "but Simpson seems to be a queer mixture. He impresses you at one time with his cleverness, at another with stupidity." "I don't see anything stupid about this," Griswold objected. "It strikes me as very ingenious. It permitted him to dig up the ground to his heart's con- tent without arousing suspicion." "True," conceded the detective. "The ordinary person would have seen noth- ing strange about it; but doesn't the presence of a gasoline tank under- ground, or any other kind, strike you as a little peculiar when a man owns an electric?" The millionaire looked very sheepish. "I'm afraid I must plead guilty to stupidity as well," he confessed. "That didn't occur to me, and I doubt if it ever would." The two detectives made a thorough examination of the little garage, the ground about it, and the pile of lumber, as well as the road at the rear. They found some finger prints, and photographed them carefully, after bringing out other details by artificial means. They were inclined to believe that some of them belonged to Gordon, and if so, their discovery would prove valuable. Beyond that, however, they learned little. "Well, we had better part company here, Judson," Flint told his assistant. "I'm going to let you pick up the trail of the electric car and follow it, if you can. See if you can locate the machine. Probably it has been abandoned long before this, for it would have to be re- charged before it could go very far. Doubtless, Green Eye remembered that, and deserted it before such attention was necessary. Still, if you can find where he dispensed with it, you can get a clew to his subsequent movements, especially as he was burdened with a couple of very heavy suit cases." "Consider me on the job," was Jud- 