The Yellow Claw 17 "At least give me the opportunity." "Well--in the glimpse, the half glimpse, which I had of her, I seemed-" Doctor Cumberly rested his hands upon his daughter's shoulders charac- teristically, looking into the troubled gray eyes. "You don't mean-" he began. "I thought I recognized her!" whis- pered the girl. "Good heavens! Can it be possible?" "I have been trying, ever since, to recall where we had met, but without result. It might mean so much-" Doctor Cumberly regarded her fix- edly. "It might mean so much to--Mr. Le- roux. But I suppose you will say it is impossible ?" "It is impossible," said Doctor Cum- berly firmly; "dismiss the idea, Helen." "But father," pleaded the girl, plac- ing her hands over his own, "consider what is at stake." "I am anxious that you should not be- come involved in this morbid business." "But you surely know me better than to expect me to faint or become hys- terical, or anything silly like that! I was certainly shocked when I came down to-night, because--well, it was all so frightfully unexpected." Doctor Cumberly shook his head. Helen put her arms about his neck and raised her eyes to his. "You have no right to refuse," she said softly; "don't you see that?" Doctor Cumberly frowned. Then: "You are right, Helen," he agreed. "I should know your pluck well enough. But if Inspector Dunbar is gone, the police may refuse to admit us." "Then let us hurry!" cried Helen. "I am afraid they will take away-" Side by side they descended to Henry Leroux's flat, ringing the bell, which, an hour earlier, the lady of the civet furs had rung. A sergeant in uniform opened the door. "Is Detective Inspector Dunbar here?" inquired the physician. "Yes, sir." "Say that Doctor Cumberly wishes to speak to him. And"--as the man was about to depart--"request him not to arouse Mr. Leroux." Almost immediately the inspector ap- peared, a look of surprise upon his face, which increased on perceiving the girl beside her father. "This is my daughter, inspector," ex- plained Cumberly; "she is a contributor to the Planet, and to various magazines, and in this journalistic capacity meets many people in many walks of life. She thinks she may be of use to you in pre- paring your case." Dunbar bowed rather awkwardly. "Glad to meet you, Miss Cumberly," came the inevitable formula. "Entirely at your service." "I had an idea, inspector," said the girl, laying her hand confidentially upon Dunbar's arm, "that I recognized, when I entered Mr. Leroux's study, to-night" --Dunbar nodded--"that I recognized --the--the victim!" "Good!" said the inspector, rubbing his palms briskly together. His tawny eyes sparkled. "And you would wish to see her again before we take her away. Very plucky of you, Miss Cum- berly! But then, you are a doctor's daughter." They entered, and the inspector closed the door behind them. "Don't arouse poor Leroux," whis- pered Cumberly to the detective. "I left him on a couch in the dining room." "He is still there," replied Dunbar; "poor chap! It is-" He met Helen's glance, and broke off shortly. In the study, two uniformed con- stables, and an officer in plain clothes, were apparently engaged in making an 2A DS 