Suggestion 119 that stuff and come with me. The Scion's got wind of a big thing, and I'm booked for the details. Burglary and combination-lock affair, with old Moor- kins, the millionaire, thrown in!" "Get out!" Pasquale growled, never lifting his eyes from his work. "I've a burglar and combination lock of my own on hand, and there's more money in it than in your real-life stuff! Get an easier job, Billy; bring your burglars to your rooms and make your own combination locks!" Sheldon laughed, and, seeing his friend had no intention of accompany- ing him, ran downstairs, and off to his "story." Five hours passed, and as a foggy sun peered through the window, a woman entered Pasquale's room with a tray. He looked up in surprise. "What's that, Mrs. Green? Lunch or dinner?" "Breakfast, sir," the good lady re- plied, sniffing the heavy, smoky air; "and you've been working all night again, sir! Look at your face!" Pasquale rose to his feet, but stag- gered back against the table. "There, there, Mrs. Green," he laughed. "Don't worry about me. It's my last all-night bust. To-day I get a fat editorial check and trot off to the green fields. I caught a perfectly in- nocent young man, and its been an all night's work to turn him into an intel- ligent burglar for the Fiddler!" Mrs. Green sniffed again, and set down the tray. "If bein' a genius, sir, means I'd have to talk crazylike, I'd rather keep my house, sir, and cook for folks what never eats," she ended wist- fully. Genuine concern on her moth- erly face, she went below. Pasquale smiled good-naturedly at the retreating figure, swallowed his tea, and, tucking his manuscript under his arm, started off for the office of the Fiddler. "Hello, Pasquale," the editor said cordially. "We've had an awful scare about you. We're just going to press, and that story of yours has to appear in this issue; advertised it four months ago. What was the matter? You've never been so late before." "A lock, for one thing," Pasquale laughed, "and a burglar for another! It's taken me two months to get a com- bination, because I had forgotten how to spell. Then the man wasn't real, and the whole thing was silly. But last night I got the hang of it, and rewrote the entire first part, for which my land- lady is at present in tears!" The editor laughed, glanced over the manuscript, and wrote a check. "One thousand pounds," he groaned. "Heaven help you, Pasquale, if it isn't one of your best! This is the biggest check I've ever signed, and it depresses me! But if anything can pull up the Fiddler, it's a story from you. So long, old man. Get your money's worth out of that piece of paper!" In a little village in Cornwall, a man dug his potatoes, smiling the while. "Oh, the joy of it," he laughed, as he threw himself down on the warm earth to inspect his blistered hands. Just then, the rural postman shouted across the fields: "Mr. Pasquale, sir?" "Hang!" grumbled the farmer, as he crossed the potato patch. "I told Burns not to bother me with mail until I sent for it." He stuffed the letter un- opened into his pocket and resumed his digging. But the touch from the out- side world had jarred, and, putting up his tools, Pasquale went into the house. "Hang Burns," he repeated, as he opened the lawyer's letter: Dear Pierre: You had better come back at once. Your publisher is making the devil of a row, and has sent back your story, at the same time demanding his check for one thousand pounds. I do not wish to write much, so come up 