Suggestion by I.M. Hanbury BUT when he touched his wife's temple with the revolver, he saw the old love light come into her eyes. He knew that look was a farewell to the dead man behind him, but he could not fire. "Kitty, Kitty," he cried, in anguish, "I cannot kill you!" Then he raised the weapon to his own head ... a flash . . . and he fell. . . ." "Thank heavens, that's finished," Pasquale muttered. "Writing this kind of rot takes it out of a fellow. I've heard of actors becoming criminals because they've always played criminal parts, but when a man has had to feel the part of a husband, wife, and a lover, before he can write a convincing novel, he stands a fair chance of becoming a central figure in the annals of psychical criminology!" Pasquale, author and genius, dropped on his bed and, as sleep instantly claimed his exhausted brain and body, forgot that he had been trying to per- sonify a woman standing between a dead lover and an equally dead hus- band. The next morning he awoke, de- pressed and unrefreshed. "Nerves, overwork!" he growled, and dressed hurriedly, all the while fighting the feeling of impending disaster. But later, as he swung down the Strand, he laughed at his previous forebodings-- for the world was going well with Pasquale. His publisher had not yet arrived, and while waiting for him, Pasquale took up the morning paper. "The same sordid story," he groaned, glancing at the headlines: CHELSEA SUICIDE AND MURDER. Lord Fairfield Shoots His Wife's Artist Lover, Then Himself. Lady Fairfield's Fatal Condition. Without interest, Pasquale read how, hearing the shots, men from a neigh- boring studio had rushed in, and found Lady Fairfield standing beside the two dead men. She seemed dazed, and nothing could be learned from her. Her mind was evidently unhinged by the shock. "The devil!" Pasquale cried, and, with sudden fear, searched for his manuscript. Yes, it was safe; every page properly numbered and in order. Was he mad, or had last night's work been too severe that he had his story always before his eyes? That was it, of course! He was tired, and had dropped to sleep in the office chair and dreamed. He laughed, and, cursing the state of his nerves, again took up the paper. On the front page he read: CHELSEA SUICIDE AND MURDER. Passing his hand over his eyes, he saw what this would mean to him. His long work was now useless. No one would take a story, good enough in it- self, but an exact copy of a sensational tragedy told in the morning papers. Laughing hysterically, he staggered down the stairs, and found his way home. 