2 Detective Story Magazine lovingly the busts and statuettes sur- mounting the bookshelves, and twin- kling upon the scantily covered crown of Henry Leroux. The doorbell rang. Leroux, heedless of external mat- ters, pursued his work. But the door- bell rang again and continued to ring. "Soames! Soames!" Leroux raised his voice irascibly, continuing to write the while. "Where the devil are you! Can't you hear the doorbell?" Soames did not reveal himself; and to the ringing of the bell was added the unmistakable rattling of a letter box. "Soames!" Leroux put down his pen and stood up. "Darn it! He's out! I have no memory!" He retied the girdle of his dressing gown, which had become unfastened, and opened the study door. Opposite, across the entrance lobby, was the outer door; and in the light from the lobby lamp he perceived two laughing eyes peering in under the upraised flap of the letter box. The ringing ceased. "Are you very angry with me for in- terrupting you?" cried a girl's voice. "My dear Miss Cumberly!" said Le- roux, without irritation. "On the con- trary--er--I am delighted to see you-- or, rather, to hear you. There is no- body at home, you know." "I do know," replied the girl firmly, "and I know something else, also. Fa- ther assures me that you simply starve yourself when Mrs. Leroux is away! So I have brought down an omelet!" "Omelet!" muttered Leroux, ad- vancing toward the door. "You have-- er--brought an omelet! I understand --yes; you have brought an omelet? Er--that is very good of you." He hesitated when about to open the outer door, raising his hands to his disheveled hair and unshaven chin. The flap of the letter box dropped; and the girl outside could be heard stifling her laughter. "You must think me--er--very rude," began Leroux; "I mean--not to open the door. But-" "I quite understand," concluded the voice of the unseen one. "You are a most untidy object! And I shall tell Mira directly she returns that she has no right to leave you alone like this! Now I am going to hurry back up- stairs; so you may appear safely. Don't let the omelet get cold. Good night!" "No, certainly I shall not!" cried Le- roux. "So good of you--I--er--do like omelet. . . . Good night!" Calmly he returned to his writing table, where, in the pursuit of the elu- sive character whose exploits he was chronicling and who had brought him fame and wealth, he forgot in the same moment Helen Cumberly and the omelet. The table clock ticked merrily on; scratch--scratch--splutter -- scratch-- went Henry Leroux's pen; for this up- to-date littérateur, essayist by inclina- tion, creator of "Martin Zeda, Crim- inal Scientist," by popular clamor, was yet old-fashioned enough, and sufficient of an enthusiast, to pen his work, while lesser men dictated. So, amid that classic company, smil- ing or frowning upon him from the oaken shelves, where Petronius Arbiter, exquisite, rubbed shoulders with Bal- zac, plebeian; where Omar Khayyám leaned confidentially toward Philostra- tus; where Mark Twain, standing squarely beside Thomas Carlyle, glared across the room at George Meredith, Henry Leroux pursued the amazing career of "Martin Zeda." It wanted but five minutes to the hour of midnight, when again the door- bell clamored in the silence. Leroux wrote steadily on. The bell continued to ring, and, furthermore, the ringer could be heard beating upon the outer door. "Soames!" cried Leroux irritably. "Soames! Why the deuce don't you go to the door?" 