Death in Life 79 him that by bringing home that aspect of the matter to her he might throw her off the track. In that he seemed about to be suc- cessful, for it was obvious that she was beginning to think her fears had been groundless, and might be expected, therefore, to take a somewhat different attitude toward the investigation. She desired further enlightenment, how- ever. "I'm afraid I'm very dense, Mr. Car- ter," she said, after a marked pause, while her eyes devoured his facial ex- pression. "I don't quite understand. What is it you really mean?" "I mean that on Monday, when the ambulance was inspected by you and the committee, you must have shown them the method by which the body of the little vehicle was held in its place. Is that so?" "Yes, I did do that. As a matter of fact, though, it was one of them who at first suggested that the body be made detachable." That was even more than Nick had hoped for, and the information brought a curious glint into his eyes. "Indeed?" he asked, with assumed carelessness. "Do you happen to re- member who it was?" Mrs. Templeton wrinkled her brows for a moment, then she shook her head apologetically. "I can't seem to think now," she said. "I--I've had so much to bother me that my brain seems to be in a whirl. Per- haps I'll remember later on." "Let us hope so," Nick remarked. "Doubtless it will come to you sooner or later. In the meantime, though, you might tell me who was on the com- mittee. To be continued in the next issue of DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE, out March 20th. EFFECTIVE POLICE-WHISTLE IMITATION S. MAGARI'S ability to give a correct imitation of a police whistle on his fingers saved the day's receipts of his restaurant, in Seattle, Washington, when a lone robber entered recently and drove him out the back door. Magari dropped the paring knife and ran for the rear exit. As he passed through the door the robber fired a shot at him. The bullet embedded itself in the door casing. On reaching the open, Magari, with his fingers to his lips, cut loose with a shrill whistle, so nearly like the metal whistles used by policemen, that the robber ran out of the place at top speed. PROVING MAN DEAD FOR the first time in the history of the Denver, Colorado, county court the will of a man of whose death there is no record has been lodged with the clerk of the court. It may become necessary to have the maker--George T. Sheets-- declared legally dead before the instrument is offered for probate. Sheets, a contractor, made the will in 1893. He was then seventy-two years old. A year later he disappeared. The family did not know of the existence of the will until a few days ago, when Attorney Edwin Parke discovered the docu- ment in his safe. Parke turned it over to the clerk of the court. 