52 Detective Story Magazine The door opened, and the Black Star came into the room again. "Detective Riley strikes hard," he observed. "However, my man is con- scious again now, and will be with us in a few minutes. The pity of it is that he'll be useless after this, as I have seen his face. I must provide for him and send him away, for I cannot break one of our rules. Ah, well--it is all in the game!" "And the game isn't ended yet!" Ver- beck said. "Angry because I was forced to put your friends asleep, eh?" the Black Star chuckled. "That puzzles you, per- haps. Merely a vapor gun, Mr. Ver- beck--though the vapor itself is some- what of a secret. See?" He took the vapor gun from beneath his robe, waved it at Verbeck, then re- turned it. The door opened--there en- tered a robed and masked man, who staggered as he walked. "You brought the straps? Good!" the Black Star said. "We'll just make Detective Riley secure first. Easy, now! Don't be rough, simply because he knocked you on the head--it's all in the game." In a moment Riley was bound and rolled to a corner of the room. Then the Black Star held a handkerchief be- neath Muggs' nostrils, and almost im- mediately Muggs sighed and opened his eyes. "That's better. Help me get him to the couch," the master criminal ordered his man. They carried Muggs across the room and put him down beside Verbeck. The Black Star took out his watch and glanced at it. "Um! Nine-thirty," he said. "But for the sudden and unexpected appear- ance of Riley, you'd be home by this time, Mr. Verbeck, with this man of yours. You must blame Detective Riley for the delay- Ah, Mr. Muggs! Feeling better now?" "You--you-" Muggs stammered. "No violent language, I pray! At- tend me closely now, gentlemen. I promised to send you home, and I'll keep my promise. You must go as you came, of course--unconscious. You then will be unable to say where this room is located. With Detective Riley it is different. He evidently trailed somebody to this place--he knows its exact location. I cannot allow him to go free, naturally, after that. I must keep him prisoner for a time. It may be necessary for me to change my head- quarters again. Quite a nuisance!" "If Riley is harmed-" Verbeck began. "Tut, tut! I repeat, I abhor vi- olence. But let us not waste more time." He turned to the man beside him. "You understand?" he asked. "The cab is waiting, I believe. Take these two men to within a block or so of Mr. Verbeck's residence, and drop them there. You must use the vapor gun, of course." Without replying, the man Riley had struck stepped forward, drawing the weapon from beneath his robe. Muggs shrank from him. A touch of the trig- ger, and Roger Verbeck beheld the cloud of vapor, heard Muggs' futile cry of protest, and saw his comrade in arms topple over on the couch as if shot through the heart. "Very neat," the Black Star said. "Carry him out, and then return for the other." Muggs was lifted and carried to the door. The Black Star helped take him into the hallway. Verbeck heard a third man called in low tones, and the master criminal returned. "You see, Mr. Verbeck, it is useless to match wits with me," he said. "A short time ago you thought you had me, eh? And now--" "The game isn't ended yet!" Verbeck interrupted. "I believe you said that once before. 