Black Star's Subterfuge 57 "Yes--yes, I--" "Wait! Now listen carefully. While we were there, Detective Riley showed up--I don't know how he got there. We had things going our way for a time, but the Black Star turned the ta- bles on us, as usual. He's got Riley there now--a prisoner. . . . Wait, confound you; and listen! I'm home. Muggs and I were dumped here uncon- scious. Get your fastest machine--I don't know where my roadster is--and come out here with two of your best men. Get here as soon as you can. Only two men, chief--if you bring any more we'll raise a racket and lose out entirely. No questions--hurry!" Verbeck hung up the receiver before the chief could reply. That he knew, was the way to get quick action out of the head of the city's police depart- ment. "But how are we goin' to find that place, boss?" Muggs demanded. Verbeck held up a hand for silence. He was pacing back and forth across the room, his brow wrinkled, head bent, cracking his fingers nervously. Two-- five--three--eight-- Were those numbers correct? Had Verbeck re- turned to consciousness with the right numbers photographed on his brain? Two--five--three--eight--and then the corner he knew and had identified! He'd have to reverse the numbers, of course. From the comer, eight blocks to where the taxicab had made the turn, then three blocks to the next turn-- but which direction? Ah, the chalk would tell if it could be found! In a few words he explained to Muggs what he had done, and that the chances for success were slim. The small pieces of crayon might be gone. They might have to retrace their steps a score of times. And every minute was precious. It was after ten o'clock now. They'd have to find the Black Star's headquarters within a short time to catch him there. Undoubtedly mem- bers of the band would report at a late hour to get final instructions regarding the theft of the gold. If only several of them could be captured--if Riley could be released before harm befell him! But there'd be no time to waste! Down the street came the shrieking of a siren! "Now curse the chief for a fool!" Verbeck cried. "Two-thirds of the city will know we're on the trail before we've gone two blocks. It is our game for the Black Star to think we have no idea where his headquarters can be found, that we were dead to the world when we left to be brought here!" Muggs swung the door open as the police machine stopped before the gate, and the chief and two of his men charged up the walk toward the veranda. Verbeck met them at the top of the steps. "Listen!" he commanded. "Let's have no noise! The slightest alarm may spoil our plans. I'll tell you what I've done." He spoke rapidly, clearly. He told what had transpired in the Black Star's den, about Riley, how he had remained conscious, and left the chalk trail. He kept murmuring the numbers he had to remember until Muggs handed him a pencil; then he wrote the numbers on his cuff. "No siren!" he ordered. "Drive to the National Building corner first. That's where we take up the trail." "I've got men busy telephoning," the chief reported, as the machine darted down the boulevard. "If there's a bank or trust company got that gold ship- ment, there'll be a crowd of police in their building within half an hour. And if we get the Black Star and some of his men-" "Muggs and I have spotted two of his men," Verbeck said. "Muggs can identify the one who abducted him, and the chauffeur. And I got a good look at the one who rode in the cab with 