46 Detective Story Magazine hand, and he thrust it into that of the crime destroyer. "What's this? Oh, yes--Miss Brit- tain left town last night. Doctor Ber- nard could have told you that. For the present, she is safe." He was giving me credit for more knowledge than I possessed, but I said nothing. Thinking of the matter aft- erward, I decided that I might have arrived at the conclusion he suggested. The message Humphrey Steene had read from the roof had said she was on the way to a safe place. That must have been two hours, at least, after Mildred Brittain had thrown the note from a window in West Fourth Street --perhaps much more. If it had been planned to remove her to some other part of New York, the agents of the or- der responsible would have done so be- fore reporting to Ivan Ivanovitch. The only inference to be drawn, therefore, was that she was being taken some- where a considerable distance out of town, and, as the message had said, was "on the way." Leaving the lawyer to digest the sit- uation as well as he might be able, Steene fired a question at me: "What have you learned, doctor?" A barely perceptible motion of the head indicated the general direction of the library, where Bob Brittain waited. "A Cub," I responded crisply. "I thought so. Look out for talk of promotion." He switched abruptly to another sub- ject: "When do you go on your vaca- tion?" "I sent a night letter to Bloom; prob- ably his reply is at my house now." Good! I shall expect you to make the Eutopia unless I hear from you to the contrary." He turned to the lawyer: "John Brittain was murdered, Whit- ing; hence what may have appealed to you as peculiar conduct on our part." The little lawyer sat down suddenly, bereft of speech. Fortunately there was a chair just back of him at the time, or I am convinced he would have reached the floor. "I am telling you, because I want you to use precaution and reticence." Mr. Whiting s lips had gone blue. "Is it the O--" Humphrey Steene stopped the ques- tion with a warning motion of his hand, but nodded grimly. Then he walked to the window and peered out cautiously. With one foot over the sill, he spoke to me, with a surprising softening in his tone: "For the present, Miss Brittain is safe, doctor. She is protected. This time I am not forgetting--the indi- vidual." He hoisted himself over the window ledge, and was gone. I turned to Whiting and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Pull yourself together," I recom- mended; "we are all in safe hand." "I hope so, doc, I hope so," he an- swered, all the usual buoyancy gone from him. "Does Bob Brittain know?" "No; and we won't tell him--yet." We had been no more than seven minutes out of the library, when we re- turned and found Bob Brittain lighting a third cigarette. He threw it down when we entered, and regarded us ex- pectantly. "On the whole, we think it best that you should continue the search in per- son for the present, but keep in touch with Mr. Whiting," I hastened to say. Apart from the idea of wishing to account for our conference in private, I saw that it was better to give him something to do, though I well knew the work would be barren of result. His face lighted with eagerness. "It's almost noon now; I must get off as soon as possible." Then he entered into a discussion with the lawyer regarding arrange- 