Snarled Identites 103 up in that brain of yours, and why arc you so curious about Gillespie's doings?" "Gillespie is down in South America, Judson," Flint returned quietly. "That's why. Our friend back there in the house is--well, you can guess, I imagine." And then he proceeded to give his in- structions to the dumfounded Judson. CHAPTER XLVI. GORDON'S LETTERS REACH THEIR MARK. EX-SENATOR WILLIAM DEANE PHELPS smiled complacently as he stood before a glass in his dressing room. He was a tall man, and the sixty years that had passed over his head had left him his rather slim and up- right figure. His hair was white, but abundant, and, on the whole, he had good reason to consider himself a hand- some and well-preserved man. "Is there anything else, sir?'' his valet asked respectfully. "No," the ex-senator answered. "It's probable that I shall be very late, so you need not wait up." "Thank you, sir. Shall I ring for your car?" "No, no! A taxi will do." Possibly the ghost of a smile curved the lips of the valet, but if so, it was quickly gone. If his employer chose to keep his movements secret, that was his employer's business. Ex-Senator Phelps took the light coat and silk hat that were handed to him, and strolled toward the door. He was a single man, but his position in the world had made it necessary for him to keep up a rather pretentious estab- lishment. He stood in the doorway holding a cigar as the taxi drove up, but at that moment his valet, who had followed him as if to close the door, spoke up in a surprised tone. "I beg your pardon, sir," he said, "but this was lying on the floor. You stepped over it just now without know- ing it. It's addressed to you, and marked 'Urgent.' It's stamped, but not postmarked--looks as if it had been slipped under the door instead." Ex-Senator Phelps took the envelope with a careless air, and no premonition chilled him as he stepped back into the light of the hall and tore it open. As he glanced at the single sheet of paper, however, his face turned ghastly, and he reeled against a small statue that stood on a pedestal, throwing it to the floor and breaking it. "After all these years!" he muttered hoarsely to himself. Then his eyes fell upon the amazed face of his valet, and, as he crushed the letter in his hand, he made a great effort to pull himself to- gether. "I--I shall not be going out, after all," he said, in a curiously dead voice. "I'm not--feeling well." Every year of the sixty seemed to weigh heavily upon the ex-senator as he pushed open the door of the room on the left. His feet dragged across the thick carpet, so that he stumbled, and when he dropped into a chair, buried his face in his hands. The Forty-second Street Theater had been famous for years as the home of light comedy of the more brilliant sort. That night was to witness a new pro- duction, for which great things were expected--for had the play not been written by one of America's cleverest and most experienced playwrights, and staged by a production wizard? And was not the star Harold Lumsden? Already the cheaper parts of the house were packed, and the orchestra was filling up. Here and there a pair of white shoulders gleamed in one of the boxes which would soon be filled-- for it was a foregone conclusion that the S. R. O. sign would have to be dis- played in the lobby that night. 