The Black Star's Subterfuge 45 "You can't get away with it!" Muggs exclaimed. "No? Did I not get away with a choice collection of diamonds from the vault of Jones &amp; Co., while you and Verbeck and Detective Riley looked on?" "Yeh? Well, you'll go too far one of these days! We'll get you, and we'll get you good! And when we do--good night! You'll get more than life!" "Meaning death, Muggs? When the time comes, my man, I'll know how to die, even if I have to descend to sui- cide!" The Black Star turned and paced the length of the room. Verbeck leaned back against the cushions on the couch, and wondered what the Black Star intended doing next. He was willing to let Muggs do the talking, while he strained his ears for some sound, and his eyes for some sight, that would reveal to him the location of the building in which they found them- selves. He knew the Black Star never would let him and Muggs leave the place while conscious. Not having knowledge of the vapor gun, Verbeck found himself wondering just how his unconsciousness was to be brought about. Regarding his own capture, he guessed simply that one of the Black Star's gang was employed in the restaurant. Undoubtedly some opiate had been in his coffee. It might have been placed there by a kitchen em- ploye, or by the waiter. He imagined the rest--that members of the Black Star's band had pretended to help him home, and had taken him to the master crook's headquarters instead. "Well," Muggs exclaimed, "I sup- pose you're goin' to keep us tied up here like a couple of bundles of rags until you pull off this stunt to-night, eh? That'll be nice!" "My dear Muggs! I merely wanted you and Mr. Verbeck to see my new headquarters. Presently, I am going to have you taken from here and dropped on some corner near the Verbeck house. I am--really." "I got a picture of you doin' that, after us seein' all this-" "Only, of course, my dear Muggs, I could not allow you to get a full view of your surroundings. You gentlemen have seen the inside of this room, and that is all--and this room might be in the basement of a factory or the top floor of a hotel for all you know. And when you leave, it must be as you ar- rived--unconscious. Understand?" Neither Verbeck nor Muggs replied to that. It was what Verbeck had ex- pected. They would see the interior of this room, but not the exterior of the building. They would regain con- sciousness again near home. And how could they find the spot again? Why, this room might be in any one of ten thousand buildings in the city! The bell tinkled again. A short wait, and a gowned and masked man entered. "No. 10," he wrote on the black- board. "Countersign ?" "Jackson." "Good. You are on time," the Black Star wrote. "You will take these men and drop them within a block or two of the Verbeck place. They must leave this room as they entered it--un- conscious." "O. K.," the other wrote. He turned from the blackboard. The Black Star, his eyes glittering malevolently through his mask, took a step forward. Muggs struggled to his feet before Verbeck could make a move. "You squirt that stuff at me again-" he threatened. The Black Star chuckled as if greatly amused. The other man's hand came into view, and it held the vapor gun. He stepped swiftly toward the 