46 Detective Story Magazine crouching, defiant Muggs, as Verbeck struggled to stand. "You dare squirt that-" Muggs started to threaten again. Slowly the weapon in the hand of the gowned and masked man was raised-- up and up, until the muzzle covered Muggs' heart! Then, suddenly, the man who menaced Muggs whirled and faced the Black Star, and the weapon he held was turned against the master crook. "Hands up--you !" he cried; and tore the mask from his face. Verbeck and Muggs gave cries of relief and joy. Here was no member of the Black Star's organization. Detective Riley stood before them! CHAPTER IV. WHAT RILEY DID. HIS visit to police headquarters that afternoon had proved highly un- pleasant for Detective Riley. It was his first appearance there since the chief had assigned him to live with Roger Verbeck and aid him in getting a clew to the Black Star's whereabouts. Since he had joined forces with Ver- beck, Riley had come in for sarcastic sentences in the Black Star's letters to the newspapers; and his comrades at headquarters were not slow to torment him when he appeared that afternoon. Riley had intended remaining at headquarters until Verbeck picked him up in the roadster about eight o'clock. His tormentors drove him away at five. He walked slowly up the avenue, got something to eat at his favorite chop house, and then continued his prom- enade. He knew where Verbeck would dine, and intended to be in front of the cafe waiting beside the roadster with Muggs when Verbeck emerged. Acquaintances stopped him fre- quently to discuss the Black Star and his latest exploit. It was almost seven o'clock when Riley swung into a side street to hurry toward the cafe, and at the curb in the distance he saw Ver- beck's big roadster. Muggs, then, must be in the near vicinity, he knew. He quickened his stride. And then he saw Muggs--saw him standing before the open door of a taxicab, evidently in argument with a tall individual who bent forward and shook a forefinger under Muggs' nose. And then- Detective Riley scarcely could be- lieve his eyes. Experience had taught him, however, to act first and analyze things afterward. Just as he saw Muggs hurled backward into the taxi- cab, Riley sprinted forward. He was still some fifty feet away when the chauffeur of the cab sent his machine dashing down the street. Detective Riley did not shout a com- mand to stop, nor draw a weapon and fire into the air. He was too wise for that. It was evident to him that Muggs was being abducted. The fact that there was no commotion in the cab, that a door was not thrown open, and either Muggs or his abductor hurled to the pavement, convinced Riley that Muggs had met with foul play the in- stant his abductor had followed him into the cab. Who would annoy Muggs, assault him, abduct him? No- body, Riley decided, except persons allied with the Black Star. Where were they taking Muggs? That, Riley determined to discover. There was Verbeck's roadster at the curb--one of the most powerful cars in the city--and Detective Riley had operated it before. Now he ran for- ward and sprang into the seat, and an instant later was making his way down the boulevard, one eye on the street before him, and the other on the taxi- cab in the distance. A traffic officer, recognizing him and noting the look on the detective's face, hurried him across a busy cross street, 