The Yellow Claw 15 said Dunbar, "until I rang for him, I remember-" "I will open the door," said Cum- berly. "And tell the servants to stay in the kitchen," snapped Dunbar. Doctor Cumberly opened the door, admitting the cook and housemaid. "There has been an unfortunate ac- cident," he said, "but not to your mas- ter; you need not be afraid. But be good enough to remain in the kitchen for the present." Peeping in furtively as they passed, the two women crossed the lobby and went to their own quarters. "Mr. Soames next," muttered Dun- bar; and glancing at Cumberly as he returned from the lobby, "Will you ring for him?" he requested. Doctor Cumberly nodded, and pressed a bell beside the mantelpiece. An interval followed, in which the in- spector made notes and Cumberly stood looking at Leroux, who was beating his palms upon his knees, and staring un- seeingly before him. Cumberly rang again; and, in re- sponse to the second ring, the house- maid appeared at the door. "I rang for Soames," said Doctor Cumberly. "He is not in, sir," answered the girl. Inspector Dunbar started as though he had been bitten. "What!" he cried. "Not in?" "No, sir," said the girl, with wide- open, frightened eyes. Dunbar turned to Cumberly. "You said there was no other way out!" "There is no other way, to my knowl- edge." "Where's his room?" Cumberly led the way to a room at the end of a short corridor, and In- spector Dunbar, entering, and turning up the light, glanced about the little apartment. It was a very neat serv- ants' bedroom; with comfortable, quite simple furniture; but the chest of drawers had been hastily ransacked, and the contents of a trunk--or some of its contents--lay strewn about the floor. "He has packed his grip!" came Le- roux's voice from the doorway. "It's gone!" The window was wide open. Dunbar sprang forward and leaned out over the ledge, looking to right and left, above and below. A sort of square courtyard was be- neath, and, for the convenience of tradesmen, a hand lift was constructed outside the kitchens of the three flats comprising the house; i. e., Mr. Exel's, ground floor, Henry Leroux's, second floor, and Doctor Cumberly's, top. It worked in a skeleton shaft which passed close to the left of Soames' window. For an active man, this was a good- enough ladder, and the inspector with- drew his head, shrugging his square shoulders irritably. "My fault entirely!" he muttered, biting his wiry mustache. "I should have come and seen for myself if there was another way out." Leroux, in a new flutter of excite- ment, now craned from the window. "It might be possible to climb down the shaft," he cried, after a brief sur- vey, "but not if one were carrying a heavy grip, such as that which he has taken!" "H'm!" said Dunbar. "You are a writing gentleman, I understand, and yet it does not occur to you that he could have lowered the bag on a cord, if he wanted to avoid the noise of drop- ping it!" "Yes--er--of course!" muttered Le- roux. "But really--but really--oh, good heavens! I am bewildered! What in Heaven's name does it all mean!" "It means trouble," replied Dunbar grimly; "bad trouble." They returned to the study, and In- spector Dunbar, for the first time since 