The Red Raven Stories 81 ous, and, after a conventional greeting, she said gravely: "My parents are in Washington, Mr. Glidden, or I would have conferred with them before sending for you. I have not forgotten that the robber who imposed upon us so outrageously as Lord Arkright, presenting forged let- ters bearing the names of my father's London bankers, returned to me a very valuable and dearly cherished necklace of sapphires and diamonds. In spite of my gratitude for that magnanimity and consideration, my conscience will not let me hide what I have learned." "I see." Glidden gazed at her in- quiringly. "What have you learned, may I ask?" "I saw that man this morning." "The robber?" "Yes." "How long ago, and where?" "About an hour ago. I was making a deposit with the Stability Trust Com- pany." "Are you sure of his identity?" "No, not positively sure," Violet ad- mitted. "I would not have recognized him at all, Mr. Glidden, but for one fact: Lord Arkright, so called, wore a bloodstone ring, to one curious fea- ture of which he once called my atten- tion. The blood-red spots in the stone formed the outline of a bird. He told me he called it his--Red Raven." "Red Raven--I guess that's right." Glidden's eyes were aglow with sub- dued elation. "That man, Miss van Hook, is the chief of the worst gang of crooks in this country. The Order of Red Ravens--that's what it's called. Did the man you saw this morning wear a ring like Lord Arkright's?" "Exactly like it," said Violet. "I saw it plainly while he was writing a check. I instantly recalled it, and then I studied the man himself. In a gen- eral way, I mean his figure, and such features as cannot be disguised, he was precisely like Lord Arkright." "Did he see you?" "No, sir." "Or know that you saw him?" "He did not. He cashed his check, and then left the bank." "He must be one of the depositors, then." "I know that he is," said Violet. "I questioned the receiving teller. Mr. Raymond, who said that the man is a personal friend of his." "Questioned him. eh? His personal friend, eh?" Glidden's grizzled brows fell perceptibly. "It may have been better if you had not questioned him. What did you ask the teller?" "Only who the man was." "Nothing more?" "That was all. Mr. Raymond said that his name is Hamilton Fisk, and that he lives in the Hotel Waldron. That is all that was said about him. I decided that I had better not ask too many questions before stating the facts to you." "I see." Glidden chuckled approv- ingly--a chuckle from Glidden was most extraordinary. "You did right, Miss van Hook, perfectly right. You are wiser than most women. Really, I am quite proud of you. Not another word about this, however, until after I have looked into it. Not one word, mind you!" Miss van Hook assured him to that effect, and Detective Glidden thanked her, and departed. He looked more grim and threatening while he hastened down Fifth Avenue. His elation gave way to an ugly aggressiveness that few would have wished to arouse, much less oppose. "Is she right? Is there anything in it?" he asked himself. "Have I finally got him, this thieving Red Raven chief- tain. this slick and slippery rascal, who repeatedly has slipped through my fin- gers and given me the laugh? Have I finally got him? Hamilton Fisk, eh? It would be like him, by thunder, to be 6A 