94 Detective Story Magazine This came nearer home, perhaps, than anything else had ever done, for, through him the honor and peace of mind of numbers of persons--conspic- uous targets, all of them--were threat- ened. Too late the detective recognized that his reputation was not enough to pro- tect his house and his private safe from violence, and that he had no right to keep such records there. They should all be in a safe-deposit vault. The reports of his ordinary cases might continue to be kept in his steel filing cabinets, where they were avail- able for ready reference, and those con- cerning persons of wealth and position --men and women who were tempting prey, and whose secrets, if revealed in the newspapers, would cause a wide- spread sensation--must be better pro- tected in future. That, however, would not help the present situation which Flint was now forced to face. He actually shrank from going over the disarranged papers which Green Eye had left behind, but after a little delay he forced himself to open the safe, empty the remaining pigeonholes, et cetera, and dump their contents on the desk. That done, he sat himself down and went to work. Fortunately, there was a compara- tively small number of papers of that description in the safe, therefore, it did not take very long to go through them and check off those which remained-- for the methodical detective had a list of all of them. In this way, by a process of elimina- tion, Flint quickly learned the ones which had been stolen, and his ex- pression grew grimmer than ever as he realized the shrewdness of Gordon's choice. Most of the missing papers concerned idividuals or families in and around Newv York, which seemed to imply that a quick, clean-up was contemplated. Some few, though, involved persons farther away, and these appeared to have been selected because they had of- fered particularly tempting bait to the blackmailer. It needed only the brief entries in the index to bring back to Flint's mind all of the important details of each case, and he ground his teeth as he pictured the scoundrel gloating over those same details, and cleverly scheming to de- mand the top price for their sup- pression. "What a haul!" he murmured aloud. "All those papers, and seventy-five or eighty thousand in gold, to boot! If it's really Ernest Gordon with whom we have to deal--and I'm morally cer- tain it is--he must be drunk with joy, for he has made blackmailing an art, and he could not ask anything bigger or more promising of that sort. In his calmer moments, though, he must re- alize that he won't have the chance to hold up many of these people. "Doesn't he know that the first man he approaches will in all probability come running to me to demand an ex- planation, if nothing more? And hasn't it occurred to him that I would receive an urgent summons home under such circumstances? "Well, if it has, he'll see all the more reason for striking while the iron is hot." He had put the papers away tem- porarily, intending to find a safer place for them at the earliest opportunity, when the butler entered the study with a telegram. It proved to be from the warden at Clinton prison, and was a long one--sent "collect," of course. It contained certain new and sig- nificant, though minor, details concern- ing the supposed death of Green Eye Gordon, and the escape of the yegg from Buffalo, which served to confirm Flint's suspicions, but the most striking thing about the message was the tone of it. It appeared from the latter, that 