112 Detective Story Magazine been consulting his memory regarding Atherton with a result exceedingly meager in the matter of good report. He had had so bad a reputation just before his uncle's death that that event had been viewed by many with sus- picion. As frequently happens in such cases, the discovery that the suspicion was baseless had gone far to rehabili- tate the young man in popular esteem. Moreover, he will gain friends who falls heir to properly; and Atherton's uncle had been reputed well off, though he was one of those men whose left hand does not know what the right hand doeth. Tripp had the air of an "old-timer," and he did not look honest. Medway, the Englishman, bore himself like a gentleman. He was probably thirty years old, but he looked much younger; and he had the unduly confident man- ner of a smart boy. Altogether, the case seemed clear enough--a matter of a lamb and two wolves. The chemist felt a strong dis- inclination to assist in the slaughter. However, if certain samples of ore were offered him for analysis, he could hardly do less than put them through the process, and pocket his fee. At the suggestion of Atherton, his partner and the Briton went down to get the box of ore. No sooner was the door closed behind them, than Ather- ton turned quickly toward the chemist, and, walking up close to him, said, in a low, intense tone: "There is money in this for you, if you do the right thing." Ritchie felt that he ought to be angry, but it simply wasn't in him. He had worried and suffered until he hadn't energy left for a strong senti- ment of any kind. "Bogus report, I suppose?" he said wearily, sinking down into the only good chair in the room. "Don't let that bother you," said Atherton. "I know how you're fixed. You can't afford to be honest. Your name is Dennis if you do. I'm right on to you. You haven't got money enough to do one thing nor the other. You can't either quit or hang on. Here's where you get your chance. That fellow Medway has got more money than a horse can haul downhill, and he's no baby. Anybody that can fool him will earn what he gets. You ought to have seen him at work out there in the Yellow Dog. There ain't a man on the Yukon that could have made a better examination of a claim. He's fair game, that fellow!" "If he's so sharp a man," said Ritchie, "why didn't he tumble to the fact that the claim was no good?" "That rock would fool anybody," re- sponded Atherton. "Tripp and I know there's nothing in it, but you won't, until you've run it through your mill. Now, quick; what do you say?" "I won't do it," said Ritchie; but he spoke without spirit. "Will you take the stuff in here, and keep it till I can have another talk with you to-morrow?" Before the chemist could answer, Tripp and Medway appeared at the door with the box. They put it on a table, and invited Ritchie to take a look at it. He complied like a man in a dream. This thing had fallen in so op- portunely that he was dazed by it. He had been declaiming his willingness to do anything that would get him out of Dawson City, and Satan had taken him at his word. Did fate mean to make a rascal of him? If so, judging by the record of his past performances, he would probably become one. Anything to oblige destiny, was his motto. The ore looked good. As Atherton had said, it would fool anybody. Ritchie found it hard to believe that the stuff was worthless, though he had once or twice seen equally promising rock with no tangible value. Tripp and Atherton were obviously anxious to get their victim away, and 