The Captive Soul 83 "I am going mad! Yes, I fully re- alize, now, that my reason is leaving me. The doubt, the horrible doubt, in- flicts a greater strain than the mind of any man can withstand! I cannot de- cide whether I should divulge what I know, and tell the world where to find the proof of my statement, or remain silent. But when I am wholly de- mented, when I am confined to a room with a keeper, then my uncontrolled babblings will disclose my secret. But who would consider the wild raging of a madman? "Then, another uncertainty is mad- ness itself, the uncertainty as to whether I should have killed him--that sorcerer who, by the black art of sci- ence, can hold forever captive the souls of men and women." The man had now worked himself into a frenzy, and the palsied hand clawed again and again at the white locks straggling over the shrunken, leathery brow. Becoming somewhat alarmed, I said sharply: "Here, old man, calm yourself! Come, sit down and tell me what you wish me to know." He turned on me fiercely: " 'Old man!' And how old do you think I am?" Taken aback, I did not answer, and he continued: "I am not thirty years old! A man under thirty; yet, my hair is as white as yours will be at eighty. My body has shrunk to a mere shadow of its former bulk. Sleep has almost deserted me; for, when my tortured soul would rest, I no sooner begin to sink into a happy unconsciousness than I start up with the shriek: 'Why did I not kill him?' Or, in the grip of a nervous, clammy sweat, gasp in horror: 'Sup- pose I had?' "Already I catch myself at times mut- tering my thoughts aloud, and, when I meet people, they turn as I pass to watch me with suspicion. It is not long, not long before I will be a driveling, senile idiot--no, a shrieking maniac! "Yet, I linger within the sound of the lap-lap of the waves that seem to beat upon my soul; for, from them, there ever comes a voice that holds me." Getting to my feet, I took him firmly by the arm and pushed him back into the chair. "Calm yourself," I told him. "If you like, it needn't go any further, but you must tell me what is on your mind that's troubling you so much. I might be able to help you." Suddenly, he half leaped from his chair, leaning forward toward me, his bony, clenched fist thrust almost into my face. "Yes, I will tell you! By the heav- ens, I will tell you, and may the re- sponsibility rest where it belongs!" He got to his feet and advanced to- ward me, thrusting his face forward, so that I fell back. "I could have killed him!" he hissed. "My hands were about his throat--and he slipped from my clutch." His long fingers worked convulsively. "But I could have killed him!" Almost in desperation, I took him by his two hands and again made him sit down. Then, standing in front of him, still holding his hands, I said to him: "Look here! If you expect to tell me your story, begin at the beginning. I know that some horrible thing has hap- pened to you; but get behind it. Tell me about yourself before it occurred. Have you always lived here? If not, where did you come from? What did you do for a living? Now sit there for a minute and think it over calmly be- fore you begin." For a long time he was silent, looking vacantly in front of him; while I again took my place on the floor and resumed my interrupted work. Then, looking forlornly down at himself, he began : "It is hard to realize that, instead of 