The Yellow Claw 23 week's sojourn in Auchterander, Perth." "A hundred pounds!" "One hundred pounds!" "Was it queried by Mr. Vernon?" "Not at all." "Was Mr. Vernon personally ac- quainted with this sister in Perth?" "He was not, inspector. Mrs. Ver- non, at the time of her marriage, did not enjoy that social status to which my late client elevated her. For many years she held no open communication with any member of her family, but lat- terly, as I have explained, she acquired the habit of recuperating--recuperat- ing from the effects of her febrile pleas- ures--at this obscure place in Scotland. And Mr. Vernon, his interest in her movements having considerably--shall I say, abated?--offered no objection: even suffered it gladly, counting the cost but little against-" "Freedom?" suggested Dunbar, scrib- bling in his notebook. "Rather crudely expressed, perhaps," said the solicitor, peering over the top of his glasses, "but you have the idea. I come now to my client's awakening. Four days ago, he learned the truth; he learned that he was being deceived!" "Deceived!" "Mrs. Vernon, thoroughly exhausted with irregular living, announced that she was about to resort once more to the healing breezes of the heatherland." Mr. Debnam was thoroughly warming to his discourse and thoroughly enjoy- ing his own dusty phrases. "Interrupting you for a moment," said the inspector, "at what intervals did these visits take place?" "At remarkably regular intervals, in- spector: something like six times a year." "For how long had Mrs. Vernon made a custom of these visits?" "Roughly, for two years." "Thank you. Will you go on, sir?" "She requested Mr. Vernon, then, on the last occasion,to give her a check for eighty pounds; and this he did un- questioningly. On Thursday, the sec- ond of September, she left for Scot- land." "Did she take her maid ?" "Her maid always received a holiday on these occasions; Mrs. Vernon wired her respecting the date of her return." "Did any one actually see her off?" "No, not that I am aware of, in- spector." "To put the whole thing quite bluntly, Mr. Debnam," said Dunbar, fixing his tawny eyes upon the solicitor, "Mr. Vernon was thoroughly glad to get rid of her for a week?" Mr. Debnam shifted uneasily in his chair; the truculent directness of the detective was unpleasing to his tortuous mind. However: "I fear you have hit upon the truth," he confessed, "and I must admit that we have no legal evidence of her leav- ing for Scotland on this, or on any other occasion. Letters were received from Perth, and letters sent to Auch- terander from London were answered. But the truth, the painful truth, came to light unexpectedly, dramatically, on Monday last." "Four days ago?" "Exactly; three days before the death of my client." Mr. Debnam wagged his finger at the inspector again. "I maintain," he said, "that this painful discovery, which I am about to men- tion, precipitated my client's end; al- though it is a fact that there was-- hereditary heart trouble. But I admit that his neglect of his wife--to give it no harsher name--contributed to the catastrophe." He paused to give dramatic point to the revelation. "Walking homeward at a lafe hour on Monday evening from a flat in Vic- toria Street--the flat of--shall I em- 