The Sultana Crescent 97 Ransome leave the building with De Launcey immediately after, but did not see them return. De Launcey was found in his rooms at the Myrtle Bank. He was horror- stricken at the news. Yes, he had taken Miss Ransome for a moonlight ramble across the grounds after the ball, and had left her about two-twenty, when she had accompanied him to the car. He did not mention her senti- mental reason for returning; he would spare that much of the memory of the girl he had loved. Through the office of the traction company, Cameron was at length able to discover the car that had gone by the hotel at that time, and the conductor remembered and identified De Laun- cey and the little girl in blue that had accompanied him when he boarded the car. The body of the dead girl was closely examined. It was bruised, and one arm was broken, but death had been caused, the doctors asserted, by strangulation. Her dress had been torn and soiled, and the jewel she had worn was gone. As this was roughly computed to be worth over fifty thousand dollars, it was fair to assume that robbery was the only motive of the crime. The lawn of a much-frequented hotel was no place to look for footprints, and Cameron at once abandoned that idea; but he made a careful micro- scopic examination of the throat and dress of the dead girl for finger prints. In this, how'ever, he was disappointed. The murderer had, apparently, worn a thick, coarse glove, which, though it bruised and blackened the tender skin, if left no distinctive mark that could be traced. One only hope remained of finding the criminal. In a small place like Kingston, it would be difficult to dis- pose of a jewel of such value; and Cameron detailed a number of men to watch the jewelers, the pawnshops, and other places, where such an article could be taken for dispossession. Nothing, however, was discovered. The quest struck a snag, and was at a standstill. De Launcey postponed his Western trip, and, with several other indefatigable amateurs, was giving all his time to the solution of the mystery. Yet no solution seemed in sight. Three whole days had passed, and nothing had been achieved; and the public was clamoring for results. In this dilemma, Cameron had to fall back upon his last resort. Detective Sutherland was the oue big gun of the bureau. At the present time, he was engaged on an important case at Port Antonio, but his chief telegraphed him to drop everything else, and report at once at headquarters. Before the great detective could ar- rive, however, a red-hot clew was in the hands of the detectives at Sutton Street. V. Walter Armstrong was a young po- liceman, placed on active duty a couple of weeks before. Armstrong did not look like a policeman; he looked like a tramp who had lost his way in a pub- lic museum. But he had a pair of eyes; a good pair, and eyes are useful, some- times, even to a policeman. Armstrong was on beat in lower King Street. He was standing in front of the Nova Scotia Bank, gazing dreamily at the small Municipal Park, as if try- ing to count how many flowers grew there, and entirely oblivious to the whirl of traffic that passed by. Sud- denly, something flashed by his eye. as if out of the air. He woke up im- mediately, sprang to attention, and spun round on his heels, as the rule book said a good policeman should do. In another moment, he had detected whence the flash came, and he darted after a small, plainly dressed negro girl, who was walking briskly up the street. 7A 