74 Detective Story Magazine face was a trifle pale, and there was a certain nervous excitement about his appearance. "I--I suppose you haven't found out anything, Mr. Carter?" was his first query. "Nothing of any importance, I'm sorry to say," was the answer. "We're handicapped, you see, by your desire for secrecy. Your guests in general were told nothing of what happened yester- day, and thus far we've been able to keep the matter out of the newspapers. I doubt very much, though, if that state of affairs can continue much longer. Too many people know of it to make the keeping of the secret an easy matter." "It must be kept," Templeton de- clared tensely. Nick looked thoughtful. "I tell you I don't believe it can be." he said. "Besides, I'm beginning to doubt if it should be. We're losing a lot of precious time, and the situation might change greatly if you would con- sent to seek the aid of publicity. If all the obtainable facts were made known, some of those who were present might be able to give us valuable clews. Be- sides, there's the matter of identifying the stolen jewelry. "At present we have no means of knowing what was in that ambulance, except what we gave ourselves. There- fore, there's nothing to prevent the stuff being disposed of--scattered here, there, and everywhere. "If you could obtain a description of the various articles, however--or as many of the most valuable ones as pos- sible--lists could be furnished to the pawnbrokers, and arrests made if any of the pieces were offered." Templeton flung up his carefully tended hands in a gesture of protest. "But, my dear Carter, that would be a terribly long job. As a matter of fact, we couldn't get anything like a com- plete list, and imagine the mess it would make to try. In a great many instances, people brought friends with them whom neither Winifred nor I know." "But you know those who in all prob- ability gave most generously," Nick pointed out. "Oh, I suppose so," the millionaire concedcd. "Think what it would mean, though, to confess to them that their self-sacrifice had gone for naught, and that we had let a pack of rascals walk away with everything, under our very noses! No, thanks, old man, none of that for me! I'd rather do almost any- thing than that, and I feel the same way about giving a tip to the news- papers. Of course, we couldn't be rea- sonably blamed, but it's too humiliat- ing." He hesitated, then went on, in a rather embarrassed fashion: "As a matter of fact, Carter, Mrs. Templeton and I have been talking it over this morning, and we'd much pre- fer to turn over to the Belgian Relief Fund a sum equal to the probable value of the contributions made yesterday. It wouldn't exactly beggar us, I imag- ine, and it ought to put a stop to this whole business." Nick looked up swiftly. "But that's altogether too much of a sacrifice, Templeton," he objected. "I don't think anybody could expect you to do that." The millionaire shrugged his shoul- ders. "Oh, it wouldn't amount to any- thing," he said. "As a matter of fact, it was really Mrs. Templeton's idea. I don't know that I've ever seen her so disturbed over anything, and she of- fered to stand the whole loss herself. Actually she almost begged me to allow her to do it; but, of course, I wouldn't listen to that." The detective was silent for a few moments. The information he had just heard caused him to ask a question which he had put to himself more than 