The Crime Destroyer 55 phrey Steene. I called up the number that Starkey, the chauffeur, had given me, and asked for R. S., as he had instructed. He was in the garage, for which I was glad, and soon I recognized his voice at the other end of the wire. "I want you to come at once to the Giltmere," I told him. He hesitated, but presently an- swered : "All right, sir. What name?" "Small." "Right ye are, sir," he responded, with alacrity. In ten minutes he drove up to the curb, and, as I had been on the look- out for him, I lost no time in getting into the taxi. "Drive right on," I instructed him. When the vehicle had covered a block or two, I took up the speaking tube. "You know me, Starkey?" I queried. "Yep; but I wouldn't have, if I hadn't bin put hep." "I want you to take me to Mr. Bern- stein. Can you do it?" "Surest thing." Well satisfied. I settled back comfort- ably, leaving myself entirely in Star- key's hands. Soon it became evident that I was being taken neither to the West Sev- enteeth Street address nor to the Hotel Forshay, where, ostensibly, Mr. Bern- stein resided. The taxi had turned up Fifth Avenue and was speeding up- town. At Fifty-ninth Street we en- tered the park, and passed through it at something well above the legal speed limit. We made our exit into One Hun- dred and Tenth Street, and sped on up Eighth Avenue till we reached Manhat- tan Street, where we switched to Am- sterdam Avenue. At One Hundred and Fifty-third Street, we turned west, but Starkey applied his brakes before we reached Broadway, turned about, and drew up at the curb on the south side of the street. "Here ye are, sir. Ring Ralston's bell and go right up to the top floor. I'll wait." It was a modest apartment house be- fore which we had stopped, and I was more than a little surprised at the idea that Humphrey Steene might live there. However, I followed the chauffeur's suggestion by ringing the bell under which, on a soiled piece of cardboard, appeared the name of Ralston. The latch clicked energetically, and the door yielded to the pressure I put on it. giving access to a narrow hallway, both dingy and dark. I climbed five tedious flights of stairs, mentally classifying the odors that assailed me, ranging all the way from boiling cabbage to fried chicken. On the top floor--as on all the rest --there were four doors. One of them opened as I reached the landing, and a neatly clad woman of middle age- the housekeeper--asked me my busi- ness. "I want to see Mr. Ralston my name is Small." She stood aside for me to enter. "Mr. Ralston isn't home yet, but he said for you to wait." I hesitated at the threshold. "I have a taxi; perhaps I'd better let him go." "I have a message for Starkey, sir. I'll see him, if you don't mind." At the woman's direction, I entered a small sitting room that had two win- dows at the rear of the building. The room was simply furnished, but with an eye to comfort There were two excellent morris chairs upholstered in leather. A smoker's table held several boxes of cigars of choice brands, ciga- rettes, and a large humidor containing pipe tobacco. I made a few inves- tigations, and discovered that while the cigars had scarcely been touched, the humidor was half empty, and a dozen pipes--meerschaum, French brier, churchwarden, and common 