114 Detective Story Magazine saken wilderness, and they won't dare to refuse, for fear I'll blow the whole story." With this inspiration, he went to work in earnest, and was speedily con- scious of a betterment of spirits. Pres- ently he found himself thinking of Jennie Winsted, and in a pleasant vein. In utter hopelessness he was trying to earn enough money to take him forever out of the sight of her, and yet, as he worked, he indulged himself in day- dreams of success in the world and the winning of her favor. He ate with appetite at noon, and his pipe was more than ordinarily satis- factory when he set it alight in the laboratory after returning from dinner. He remembered to have felt this un- reasonable sense of cheer, many years ago, just previous to his one brief run of good luck. Was the sensation pro- phetic? This problem occupied a good share of his thought for an hour or more, and then a most unexpected oc- currence drove it out of his head. This was no less than the appearance of Mr. Winsted. Ritchie had never been thus honored before; and he was childishly pleased, the more that Mr. Winsted should have found him busy, and such a weight of ore upon his table. The coincidence was astonishing; indeed, it is probable that Winsted was surprised by what he saw, but he was far too well bred to say so. He greeted Ritchie most po- litely, and sat down on a cracker box with the grace of one who is at home in the drawing-rooms of the rich and great. "Very fair-looking rock," said he, in- dicating the ore. "It is, indeed," replied Ritchie. "Any objection to telling where it comes from?" "No objection to telling you," re- joined the chemist. "It is from a claim on Burnt Creek that they call the Yel- low Dog." The statement seemed to make a con- siderable impression on Winsted. He rose from the cracker box and paced the width of the room twice or thrice. "Do you know a man named Syd Cullom?" said he suddenly. "Never heard of him," responded Ritchie, frankly meeting a searching glance from Winsted. "Why?" "He told me this morning that I'd better look into the Yellow Dog prop- erty," said Winsted. "I didn't know but he might have had the tip from you. That wasn't in my mind when I came here, however. I was only thinking that perhaps you could help me to get a line on the value of the claim." "I don't know anything about it my- self, yet," said Ritchie. "I'm going to make an assay for young Atherton and an Englishman named Medway--who may purchase." "One assay for both parties?" "Yes; it's an open business. No, it isn't, either. Why should I lie to you? It's a crooked game on both sides." And he told Winsted the whole story. When he had finished, the elderly gentleman went to the door, and softly opened it. There was no one in the hall, so he closed the door again, and walked up to Ritchie. "Give me an advance report on this stuff," said he, "and I'll make it worth your while." Ritchie whistled. "This is a pretty good day for bribery and corruption," said he. "Never you mind that, my son," re- sponded Winsted. "Remember which side your bread is buttered on, and let others attend to their own. Those fel- lows are trying to cheat each other; why shouldn't an honest man step in and get the property. Your English- man thinks ten thousand would buy it, if offered spot cash. I'll put up the money and give you a tenth interest." It is unnecessary to follow the con- versation in detail. The charitable 