76 Detective Story Magazine me, I should judge that it is," replied the detective. "Where is Mrs. Bennett?" "That's the strangest part of it!" ex- claimed Wilson. "She has disap- peared!" "You're a smart man, I don't think," said Fairman. "Why did you let her get away?" "I never thought of her going," pro- tested Wilson. "It's natural enough," sneered Fair- man. "Circumstances are against her." "Now, look here," rejoined Wilson warmly; "I don't set up to be a detec- tive, but I hope I've got common sense. Here's a woman who has lived in this community all her life, and is known to be a good Christian and a loving wife. Don't you try to tell me that she killed her husband. I know her too well to believe you. She had nothing to do with it." "Then why has she run away?" "I don't believe she has run away." "Then what's become of her?" Wilson threw up his hands with a gesture of utter bewilderment. "Have you searched the house and barn?" asked Nick. "We've searched everywhere," re- sponded Wilson, with something like a groan. "We can't find a trace of her or of Sam Bennett's body." "If you'll allow me," said Nick, "I'll take a look around, the premises. Meanwhile permit me to suggest, if there's any place where Mrs. Bennett would be likely to go, that you send there." "That's what I was about to do," Wilson replied. "These five men are going around to all the houses near here." "Has she any relatives in the neigh- borhood?" "No; she has a brother living about three miles down the road." "Who occupied this house besides Mr. and Mrs. Bennett?" "Nobody is here now. They have lived alone since their daughter Jennie was married, about three months ago." Nick, Fairman, and I walked toward the stable. Wilson and the other men went upon their several errands. We were assured by a man named Hamlin, who was on guard in the stable, that nothing had been disturbed. Ham- lin was a sort of unofficial deputy of Wilson's. Nick made a rapid general survey of the place, glanced into the barn, which was reached by a door from the stable, and then turned his attention to the bloodstains. There were some small, irregular splashes on the floor, and then a line of drops leading direct to the spot where the coat lay. It was a much-worn garment, spread flat upon the floor, with the lining up- ward. The stains were all on the lin- ing, and close together. They repre- sented a considerable quantity of blood. As Nick rose from beside the coat, I saw a peculiar smile upon his face. "Here's something that will interest you," he said to Fairman. Between his thumb and finger he held half a dozen short, gray hairs. "That fits my theory exactly!" cried Fairman. "Bennett's head has rested on that coat. His hair was gray, and he wore it about that length. He must have been killed by a blow on the head, and then this coat was wrapped around the fatal wound to prevent the blood from staining something else. "My belief is that the body was car- ried in that wagon from the place where the crime was committed to the place where the murderer has concealed the corpse. Then, probably, the horse was turned loose, and wandered here." "There is evidence in support of that last view," said Nick. "I suppose your sharp eyes noted the wagon tracks in the street and in the yard." 