Rogue for a Day 21 Presently he entered again, to find a masked and robed figure standing be- fore the blackboard. Number and countersign were given, and Verbeck handed the man his orders and a twen- ty-dollar bill taken from the drawer in the table. The man bowed, and went out. Nine-thirty brought another man, and the same ceremony was observed. Ten o'clock brought the member of the band to whom Verbeck had given orders the night before. After he had written his number and countersign, Verbeck whirled to the blackboard. "Report," he wrote. "Browning Club meeting was post- poned, and I missed the person you mentioned," the other scribbled on the board. "I followed her, and spoke with her later in a tea room. She will wear her jewels, including the famous ruby collar." Verbeck nodded for the man to erase. Again he found himself wondering at the identity of this man who fould talk so freely to Freda Brakeland. And now he wrote on the blackboard him- self : "Why did you not carry out orders?" "Pardon, but I did." "You appeared at the corner I men- tioned?" "Yes. Nobody approached me, so I went on as ordered." Verbeck wondered whether the man was speaking the truth, whether he had appeared at the corner, as ordered, and Verbeck had missed him. It was pos- sible, he knew, because of the throng of shoppers. And, again-- The robe effectually disguised the man before him, but Verbeck imagined he was taller than Howard Wendell. He told himself again he was a fool to think that the man before him was his fian- cée's brother. He had half a notion to order the man to remove his mask, but thought better of it. This man was a crook, could be nothing else. And Ver- beck dared do nothing that would arouse suspicion and endanger the plan he had formed. "Very well," he wrote on the board; then went to the table and tossed the proper envelope toward the other. The man picked it up and read the orders. It seemed to Verbeck that he appeared startled. He went to the blackboard and wrote again: "Are you sure, sir, that these are my orders?" "Yes," Verbeck wrote. "Must I carry them out?" "They must be carried out to the letter," wrote Verbeck. The other hesitated a moment, then wrote rapidly on the board: "You are unfair, but I am unable to help myself." And then, as Verbeck started for- ward, the other saluted and darted out of the door, to hurry down the dusty hall. Roger returned to the table. He half wished he had forced the other man to remove his mask. Ten-thirty o'clock brought a woman. Verbeck knew she was a woman be- cause he could see her hands, the fin- gers covered with rings, and the bot- tom of her skirts showed beneath the robe. Her writing on the blackboard was unmistakably feminine, too. The Black Star had said that women be- longed to his organization, but Verbeck had not anticipated meeting one in this house; he had believed they worked on orders transmitted by others. "Everything arranged," the woman wrote on the board. "It will be easy. I'll get the necklace about three o'clock in the morning, and hide it where you ordered. It may be found there any time after four o'clock." Here Verbeck found himself facing something of which he knew nothing, some crime already outlined by the Black Star. "Disregard all previous orders," he wrote, for the time being. I have new 