28 Detective Story Magazine put a bit of red ribbon on the lapel of your coat. If you see others wearing this sign, do not speak to them or give them any at- tention. Follow these instructions to the let- ter, and our great plans will be consum- mated. It is to be a big clean-up, and all arrangements have been made. Verbeck ceased reading, and looked across at the Black Star. "You understand?" he asked. "Each one thinks he does not know all the plan, but will be safe if he carries out his instructions. I gave each a bill out of that drawer in the table, and I told the women to wear the red ribbon on their shoulders. A score or more of detec- tives will be in the neighborhood. At midnight, they will take in custody all who wear the red ribbon. A quick search will disclose stolen property in their possession. You see? I don't know whether I'm guilty of a felony or not, ordering them to steal like that, but I guess I'll be forgiven, since it is in such a good cause. "So there goes your perfect arrange- ment, Mr. Black Star. Those crooks who have been trusting you will be curs- ing your name before long. And you're going to the penitentiary with them. You can't be crooked and get away with it always--no matter how clever you are. And all this, Mr. Black Star, be- cause you overplayed your part by sending a man to put a letter on my desk. You needn't sneer--I'm not meaning to praise myself. There are a thousand men in town who could have overcome you, given the chance I had." "I am not sneering at your egotism," said the Black Star, apparently without emotion. "I am sneering at the futility of your plans. I warned you, Roger Verbeck. I told you that chickens come home to roost. So you'll send my men and women to jail, will you? You'll break up my organization? You strike me a deathblow like that--and you'll strike yourself one at the same time." "I've heard your pointless talk be- fore." Verbeck said. "But this is not pointless talk, Roger Verbeck. It is very much to the point. I told you that I had an organization that gathered information, didn't I? I said it was separate and distinct from the band that committed the crimes. You have made the grave mistake, I fear, of mixing the two bands together --and the consequences will not be to your liking." "Indeed?" "Yes--indeed! How do you suppose I heard of your boast at that reception a few nights ago? How do you sup- pose I know so much about people's private affairs? I'll tell you, Roger Verbeck--I know because men and women of your acquaintance belong to my organization. You don't believe that, eh ? You will--soon." "I scarcely can imagine any of my friends turning crook." "Not voluntarily, perhaps. Not be- cause they need money, either--not always." "Explain," Verbeck said. "I've told you I have a partner who knows me well--he and I work to- gether. Some of the organization know him, but not one knows me, nor has seen my face or heard my voice. If you are skeptical, I'll outline the plan in a few words. In Chicago, for in- stance, we caught a certain youngster of this city when he was in trouble. He was extricated from his scrape, and the price of it was that he join my organ- ization. We held something over his head. Deathly afraid, he carried out my orders; he feared to refuse. Through him, we brought into the or- ganization the girl to whom he was be- trothed--threatening to send her sweet- heart to prison unless she joined the band. You see? A sort of endless- chain affair." "I don't believe it!" Verbeck ex- claimed. "You want proof, eh? In ten min- utes, Roger Verbeck, you'll be giving me 