70 Detective Story Magazine Detective Riley's arrival was unexpected, and threatened disaster, but happily I gained the upper hand. I will leave him here, and trust he meets with no harm. Mr. Verbeck, your struggle to keep from inhaling the vapor was amusing, since there was no sleep-producing vapor in the gun used on you. It was a harmless gas instead. It was intended that you were to think you were outwitting me by remaining conscious. I knew you would strive to make sure of the location of this building. The same plan would have been worked with Muggs, had he been captured alone. It was very clever of you to take the chalk, and I doubt not you marked everything along your way. You have departed now, feigning unconsciousness, and I must hurry away. Just a few words then, to tell you what will happen. "Now read the other blackboard," Riley said. "Oh, it is interesting, all right--the crook !" They turned to the second black- board, and read: You, Mr. Verbeck--and I'd wager my life on it--will send an alarm to police head- quarters as soon as you reach home and re- gain consciousness, for my man will use the real vapor gun on you before you separate --to give me time to get away. You will find your way here again as soon as possible, to rescue Riley and catch me. When you arrive, you'll be fired upon. A disturbance will be created, and police reserves sent for. The firing from this building will be heavy. The chief, eager to catch me, will call for more men. You'll start a siege. You'll batter this old build- ing with bullets. You'll receive bullets in return. You'll hear my voice urging my men to die game. Presently you'll rush in--and find this! And while the town is attracted by this dis- turbance and the business district left prac- tically unprotected, I'll get my hundred thou- sand in gold. I'll not make the attempt, of course, unless you do start a siege. The writing ended, for the black- board was filled with it. "But the shooting-" the chief ex- claimed again. "Here is the rest of it--written on a sheet of paper," Riley said. "The Black Star left it on the table. Read this." He handed it to the chief, who read it aloud: The phonograph is simple--it has an elec- tric connection and holds a special record made from my voice. As to the volleys of shots--and I trust no one is injured, for if so it will be an acci- dent--that is simple, too. Examine the building, and fastened in the windows you'll find automatics. You never saw any exactly like them before; they are an invention of a good friend of mine. You'll notice the cartridges are fed from a belt containing a hundred rounds of ammunition. Since there are fifteen guns, that will make some shoot- ing. You'll notice, too, that the guns are operated by electricity. You'll find wires, and if you trace them they will lead you to a cheap lodging house three blocks away. Do not blame the lodging-house people, for they are innocent. One of my men, sitting in a room there, has a good view of the factory. He touches a button, and a gun is fired. He plays a keyboard, and you get a volley. Another button starts or stops the phonograph, and you hear me shriek encouragement to my men. Quite simple, is it not? I have been to some trouble and expense fitting up this fake headquarters, but I am sure my profit will be great. Please be kind to the furniture I am leaving behind. And tell yourselves again you cannot cope with the Black Star. And now go out and explain to the news- paper men what became of the band of des- perate crooks you besieged in the factory. It ought to make interesting reading! Muggs gave a snort, of disgust and turned away from the table. Roger Verbeck's eyes met those of Detective Riley, and each read determination in the other's countenance. The Black Star had evaded them again, but the end was not yet. "And I've got to tell the newspaper men!" the chief exclaimed. "That gold --I wonder if he got it--and from where!" His answer came immediately. A sergeant of detectives hurried to them from the hall. "Chief!" he cried. "Word just came from headquarters. There's been a consulate robbed. Got a fortune in gold yesterday at noon, to buy war stuff. 