22 Detective Story Magazine orders for you. and you'll attend to them first. Do you understand?" "Yes," she wrote. He threw her envelope on the table, and she read the instructions it con- tained. She. too, scribbled a protest on the blackboard. "Isn't it dangerous?" she wrote. "Carry out your orders. You do not know all the scheme, remember." "I understand. I'll obey." Then she hurried out. At eleven o'clock, the bell tinkled again, and Verbeck admitted another of the band. This one, too, was a woman. She appeared timid, whereas the first had given every indication of being used to this sort of thing. Her hand trembled as she wrote her number on the board. Then she gave her coun- tersign, and waited. Evidently she was not working on a case, but had reported to get orders. Verbeck had no orders ready for her, for her number had not been on the list he had found in the Black Star's book. Apparently this was her first visit, or else the Black Star had not contem- plated making use of her at the present time. He took orders he had printed for one of the others, and put them on the end of the table, motioning for her to pick them up and read. As she ad- vanced toward the table, Verbeck found that her eyes were upon him, and she seemed afraid to touch the envelope. She opened it finally, read quickly, and Verbeck thought she gave a little cry. She staggered backward, but seemed to regain her composure as he started for- ward to aid her, and backed away from him. The sheet of paper fluttered from her hand to the floor. Verbeck stooped and picked it up, and handed it to her. She did not seem to see it--she was looking down at Ver- beck's hand. Like a wild thing, she whirled around and rushed back to the blackboard and seized the chalk. "Where did you get that ring?" she wrote rapidly. Verbeck answered on his board: "Why? Do you fancy it?" "Where did you get it?" "That is my personal and private business," he wrote. The ring was a peculiar signet he had picked up abroad, and had worn for years. The woman dropped the chalk to the floor. She raised one hand, as if to put it to her face; she dropped it again; her eyes burned into Verbeck's from behind her mask; then she gave a cry that expressed pain and despair, and hurried through the door and into the hall. "Well, what do you think of that?" Verbeck mused. "Was she really frightened, or only playing a part? I wonder if the Black Star has been treat- ing her badly, and has made her afraid of him? She seemed awfully inter- ested in my ring--because she'd never noticed it on the Black Star's hand. I suppose. If she should be suspicious -- But she couldn't do anything, if she was!" The members of the band continued to arrive at intervals, but there were no more women. Verbeck received their numbers and countersigns, and gave out copies of the orders. At three o'clock in the morning, he decided there were no more to come. Two women and eight men had been received dur- ing the night--ten persons had walked into the trap he had constructed. Less than twenty-four hours, and the Black Star and his band would be in the hands of the police. Verbeck felt that he had planned well. At half past three o'clock he left the house and walked five blocks to catch an owl car. Half an hour later, he was on the boulevard, approaching the building in which he had his rooms. As he reached the steps of the apartment house, he happened to turn and glance down the street. He saw a man dodge 