My Road to the Stars 77 ward. Gloria, from the inside office, saw us. She held something in her hand, now she screamed out something and raised her arm. But almost instantly Rolfe sprang at her, gave her wrist a turn that changed the nature of her cry, and a bottle fell to the floor and smashed. She began to whimper. "It was only water--I was bluffing-- honest I was!" I stood rooted to the spot; hardly realizing what I had escaped, that mad- dened by seeing herself, as she supposed, dropped from her place of power, Gloria had come over to put an end to my career forever. Rolfe glanced from the woman he still held to Hogan, and his face was white and set. "This lets us all out, don't it, chief?" he demanded. But Hogan answered shortly: "All, let's hush the whole thing up! Glory said it was water, didn't she?" I got away; I did not want to stay and listen. The next day I signed my contract, and Hogan made it only a businesslike, short interview. Things ran smoothly after that. Gloria began a new picture that called for Canadian scenes, and Hogan went out with the company. Sallie went too, and she wrote me from Banff. "Hogan's leaving for home next week, so watch out, honey girl," she con- cluded. I HAD no more fears. I thought Hogan had given up all thoughts of me. He liked women who fell into his hands. I had not asked for a rest between pictures; I was only too anxious to keep on working; it gave me so much less time for thought. Foley brought me out in another of the scripts designed for Alice Lee, and we started to work on it. It was two months since Ted's opera- tion, and still I had had no direct word from him, and now that Peter Gunning had sailed for Europe, I did not even have a third person's account of him. All I knew was that he was still in the Westchester hills and getting along. Eddie Rolfe and I had struck up a sort of friendship. He asked nothing but my company at dinner occasionally, and I was glad to go with him and get away from my own somber thoughts. I lived too much alone and I knew it wasn't good for me. The new picture called for some night scenes, and Foley staged these in the lot where I had first worked and come under the fire of Gloria Mundi's dis- pleasure. This time my leading man was Percy Gaunt, an Englishman, a delightful person to play with. The effect of the lot, lighted with huge arc lamps, was weird at night. But it was a novelty to me, and I did not mind how long it took to run off these scenes. The third day we finished fairly early, but dusk had fallen, and as I stepped out of the circle of powerful lights cast by the big lamps, I saw Rolfe coming towards me. Something in his manner spelled excitement. "What's it, Eddie?" I asked wearily, hoping it was not another summons to Hogan's office--I had noticed him on the lot a short time before. SOMEONE asking to see you--Brom- ley. And say, Pam, he's looking great! Walks with a cane, but soon 