The Queen of Wheats 33 THAT afternoon they came to see me, the people who had knocked me down with their car--a mother and her daughter. They brought me flar- ing red roses and a frothy thing of lace and silk to wear about my shoul- ders. I thanked them timidly. "You're quite comfortable, my dear?" the mother said. I tried to thank her. She had white hair and a beautiful voice; I had never heard anyone talk like her before. She had pearls in her ears and pearls at her neck, and a great coat of fur that wrapped her softly. Her daughter had black hair and big black eyes and a white, sullen face. She pulled out a cigarette from a gold case at her wrist and said, lifting her brows: "Do you mind?" "Mimi, I don't know whether she's quite well enough," her mother said. Mimi crushed out the lighted ciga- rette with her toe. "Oh, Mother, have you heard the Thayer scandal?" she said quickly. "He's married a shop girl--one of those girls behind a perfume counter. Pretty, common little thing she is. Of course, it'll ruin his whole future-- socially, anyhow!" Then they turned back to me. "Is there anything," Mimi asked, in her cool, lifted voice, "that you want? Anything! I should like to get it for you." I propped myself on one elbow, and my cheeks went hot with color. "If--you could get me--a sweet geranium leaf . . "Why, you dear little thing, you shall have a whole geranium bush, if you want it!" Then they had rustled out of the room, leaving a faint scent of violets and cigarette smoke and sachet- wrapped silks. I LAY there very still after they had gone, smiling a little to myself, holding my love tight to my heart. What funny things they'd said: "Pretty, common little thing she is. Of course, it'll ruin his whole future!" It was as though I had dipped sud- denly into icy water. The water was coming closer about my heart, my throat; I was suffocating. I sat up straight in bed. "It'll ruin his whole future!" I said it out loud. The nurse came into the room. "Anything you want?" "Will you tell me--tell me cross your heart--the truth? Am I a pretty, common little thing?" "Lie down, now; don't let's have any more of this silly talk," she said, and began to plump up my pillows and smoothed the sheet across my cold hands. I lay there, very still, with my eyes closed, but I was not asleep. I had to think it out. I might love him with all of me and work for him all my life. But I could never be anything but-- me. He was like them--like Mimi and her mother; his mother, too, rode be- hind liveried chauffeurs and ordered flowers from a florist's and wore pearls about her white throat. If I loved him enough I couldn't ruin his whole future. If I loved him enough-- Next morning I had my breakfast on flowered plates with a sprig of rose-geranium crushed in my hot hand, and the sunlight poured through the window. 