6 The Highest Law days, for he got ugly at times after he'd tried to ring me in on some of his thiev- ing schemes where he needed a woman. When I wouldn't help him he'd get sore, and he gave me a black eye many a time. I guess he loved me, though, for no matter how often he threatened to quit me, he always came back and would be so kind and loving it made it harder for me to refuse every time. HE had two pals who used to come over to see him of evenings, and they'd sit by the table and play poker, while I sewed or read the paper, half dead with sleep, wishing they'd go home and let me go to bed. Their names were Tim Callahan and Shorty Camp. Shorty was little and skinny and all withered up, like a dried apple; his eyes were little and squinty, and what hair he had was gray like his eyes, and his face was like crinkled gray leather. It made me sick just to look at him, the way he grinned at me and showed his yellow teeth. He always looked so un- clean; I couldn't understand why Pete ever had him around, because Pete was neat even when he was drinking. Tim Callahan was almost as big as Pete, but he was an ugly, hairy, red Irishman, and generally half drunk. Both Shorty and Tim seemed to be afraid of Pete, though, and did every- thing he told them. One night I'd been to a picture show, and when I came home I found Pete, Shorty, and Tim sitting in the corner as usual. But they were talking in an undertone, instead of playing cards, and seemed awfully excited about some- thing. They had a newspaper spread out in front of them, but when I came in Pete crumpled the paper up and threw it in the wastebasket, and began to laugh as though something funny had hap- pened. I don't know why--but I felt cer- tain there was something in that paper they didn't want me to see. I felt some- thing terrible was going to happen. Pete had sworn to me once that he'd never killed anyone and never would-- that was the one thing I was always afraid of. Pretty soon he and the others went out together, and the minute they were gone, I rummaged in the basket and found the newspaper Pete had thrown away. I spread it out and looked it all over, but I couldn't find anything in it that- looked suspicious, though there was a red mark drawn around some headlines about a millionaire from Texas, who was stopping at the Alcazar Hotel. His name was Canfield, George Canfield; and the paper said he was rich as Croesus, whoever that was. PETE caught me reading the article and got so mad I thought he'd choke me. "Why the -- are you snoopin' about?" he snarled at me. "Lemme tell you, Ann, if you can't mind your own business, you can pack your doll rags and beat it!" But when he discovered I didn't know what he was up to, he changed his tone, and seemed sorry for the way he'd acted. That was Pete all over--a devil one minute and a darling the next. But it planted the seeds of a new fear in my mind. What was he up to? I had a feeling I couldn't shake off that some- thing awful was going to happen. It was just about that time I dis- covered I was going to have a baby. I loved babies and if Pete hadn't been a thief I'd a been the happiest woman on 