34 The Queen of Wheats Never as long as I may live shall I forget the scent of crushed geranium; it will always mean heartbreak and de- spair and giving up for this world the thing you love the best. For I had given him up. He was a gentleman: I knew from his voice and his hands, and I had seen the cigarette case set with his monogram in jewels. . . . I used to send the roses and the orchids and the frail white lilies down the hall to the children's ward. I gave my frilled silk coat with its French rosebuds to the young mother in the next room, whose husband came to see her every night. She wanted to be pretty for him, she whispered to me once. But the little rose-geranium plant bloomed beside my bed; I broke off one of its blooms for the old woman down the hall, who came from the country to see if they could save her eyes. Sometimes I used to hold her rough- ened hand while she talked to me. "Rose-geranium on the window sill. I had, and Aunt Jane's rocker beside it. After the bakin' was done of a Saturday--white loaves with dimpled brown crusts and pies of sliced apple and cinnamon pumpkin--I used to sit down there to get my breath for a bit. I can almost see it all, dearie, when I smell this crushed leaf in my hand. The sun coming in warm on Jere- miah's seedlings, and the cat on the old afghan in the corner. Jeremiah would come up the snowy walk and shout: " 'Get a good dinner for me, Ma; I got a heck of a lot a' work to do!'" Somehow I felt, if I could see the country after I left the hospital, the wide sky and the fields and a farm- house snuggled down by the road, I might crowd out my heartache. I SAID good-by to Mimi and her mother, and the old lady from the country, and the mother with her downy-headed baby, and went back to make wheat cakes. They gave me back my job, but I didn't hold it more than half a week. "Listen here, kid," Jo said to me that first day. "You better get some o' that bloom that comes in a little round box and put it on them white cheeks, and watch your step, or you'll get the go-by!" I did try, but day by day my feet dragged instead of getting quicker. And I kept watching all the gray- suited forms that came in, and got mixed on what I was doing. One night when I was putting on my coat and hat, Jo came up to me. "Say, the manager wants to see you. Now, listen, if you ever want any help you know who learned you how to turn your first row of wheats." I felt weak and tired when I went to the manager. He told me that they wouldn't need my services any more. I looked in the mirror as I went out. My eyes were too big for my face, and I saw the tears trembling- on the lashes. Oh, God, what would I do now? I spent the next day looking for work; and the next and the next and the next. It was on the fourth morning that I met him. My knees felt like water when I saw him coming; I suppose it was weakness that made me go back to the window where I had worked to see who was Queen of Wheats now. HE tucked my hand into his arm, without a word. Love was stronger than I. "We're going to get breakfast first," 