68 My Road to the Stars It was Ted Bromley. There was an uneven beard and a mustache marring the clean lines of his face, and a bandage over his eyes further disfigured him. Pity sur- mounted a sensitive shrinking from his unkempt appearance. He raised a fist and shook it in my direction. "Get out of here!" he cried. "Ted, don't you know me?" I had called him that to myself for so long that I did not realize it was the first time I had ever, used his first name in speaking to him. His lips suddenly curved into a smile that brought back something of the old boyishness. "Gloria!" he called softly. Then his voice broke. "You have come to me! And the wretches told me you wouldn't!" Gloria--he thought I was Gloria Mundi! Yes, as Gunning had said, Ted's brain was as clouded as his eyes were blurred. I stood perfectly still a moment. Then I told myself that if he were dying it would ease his last hours to think the girl he loved had come to him. So I let him hold his trembling arms about me; I let him rest his cheek against mine. I felt my face wet with the tears that wet his face. I took cour- age from the fact that he did not try to kiss me. He fumbled with the band- age, struggled to take it off, but I caught his hands, and he let them lie passive in mine. I soothed him as I would have done a child. Finally he quieted down and, having exacted my promise that I would not leave him, allowed me to get some things I had brought along for just this purpose--clean sheets for his bed, soap and scrubbing brush, an- tiseptics, and toilet water. It was eight o'clock when I unbolted the door between our rooms; it was after ten before I finished cleaning up his place. I had washed his hands too, and bathed his hot forehead with scented water. He was quite docile now, as he lay back content between clean sheets. Presently he fell asleep. In the morning I saw Nora Kelly, and told her I had heard him groaning and I had opened the door and dis- covered he was an old friend. And I wanted to help take care of him if possible. She demurred at first; said it wasn't natural for a young girl to want to look after a broken-down wreck. But in the end she gave way, and I carried out my plan. I went to Sallie's Hat occasionally for a change of clothing and for a real bath. But I passed most of my time in the squalid room adjoining Ted Bromley's. I arranged with Nora to give him the personal attentions I couldn't, and I paid her to look after him while I was at work. Ted's mental condition was touching. He still thought I was Gloria, and clung to me pitiably. Maternal tenderness was the only emotion he called forth in me now. Two weeks drifted by and I had to confess that I had accomplished noth- ing in the way of an improvement in his condition, but at least I had made him more comfortable and eased his mind. One evening I was sitting beside his bed, reading to him, as I often did, though I do not believe he took in the sense of what I read. I looked up, and saw Peter Gunning staring at me from 