64 The Love That Kills But I went on with my feverish fan- tasies--working myself into a frenzy. I know now that I should have been a nurse, instead of a girl, young and so lacking in understanding. The woman a physician should marry is a nurse, for she is the only one who can fully realize his work, who can help him in it, instead of hindering. For she understands. But I--! I could not--though in my saner moments I tried to reason with myself --believe that his visits and the neces- sary time spent in his office with women patients, could be impersonal. It seemed to me only an avenue of temp- tation, bringing all sorts of suggestion and evil. When he would hire a nurse from a neighboring city, I would watch to catch a glimpse of her, secretly happy if she were unattractive, but my misery was fed to untoward proportions if she were at all good-looking. And always I suffered more than I can tell. My husband's practice was very heavy; sometimes he scarcely took time to eat, and I never knew when he would be with me. And so I hated his work. When he came home from a twelve or fifteen-mile trip on some case to which he had been called in the night, I was waiting for him, to upbraid him, ac- cuse him endlessly, heap suspicions upon him. Sometimes for hours I would make him sit and listen to me, even though I knew that he was almost breaking down under the strain of his work and tortured nerves. I would keep on and on. Through all my words, he would say nothing, only listen miserably, or try wearily to pacify me, to explain. He was kind, and patient, always. But I would not listen--until, ex- hausted myself, and satisfied, I would stop and let him go to sleep. All this sounds as though I were without mercy, or human kindness. But that is not so. I was considerate, a devoted friend, to everyone outside my home. In it I was another person; and I became that, against my will! I did not want to nag, to hurt. But I could not stop. I had to go on--al- though I suffered too, more perhaps than he. No one who did as I did can help suffering when she sees that she is plunging toward the abyss that will bury her own happiness, that she must stop before she is carried over the precipice. During all those scenes I knew that I was unjust, that my husband was in- nocent of any wrong. But the jealousy that consumed me, seemed like a fever that had to take its course, go on until something in me stopped, eased; satis- fied. After two years of this I saw my husband happy again. A child was coming to us, and he was glad. He had always wanted children. But I saw in his new tenderness toward-me only another indignity. His love was not really for me--but for the child that was to be. I reproachcd him for that, pushed him away, in hysterical frenzy when he tried to comfort me. And when I saw that I could not make him as unhappy as I wished, I was furious. When the baby came our scenes be- gan again. It seemed now that the baby, whom I loved, had come between us. If my husband came into the room and glanced first toward the child, I would accuse him of caring more for it than he did for me. 