42 Thrills Thirty Years Ago Had I only taken warning from the evil intent in that laugh! But I was only sensible to the feeling of relief that he was not going to make a scene. He picked up Dixie's reins, and we went on in a painful silence. Maybe I had been foolish to refuse him that kiss. Tom had kissed me once. I remembered the sweetness of that first, shy kiss, out in the orchard when I was so young and foolish that I thought I loved Tom. I stole shy glances at the handsome profile beside me and regretted the blow that had brought a dark flush to that admired cheek. Alfred did not betray his wrath upon presentation to my family. He was a peerless Chesterfield. My mother de- clared him refined and distinguished. My father privately pronounced him a "slick, conceited dude." Jack mim- icked his manner in mincing step be- hind the woodhouse to the glee of the servants. Despite our strained relations, I still considered him the acme of perfection. Probably sophisticated girls were glad to give him kisses. Probably he con- sidered me a silly prig. I tortured myself with such regrets, but was far too shy to make any ad- vances against his careful coolness. Doubtless Alfred would have eaten his fill of Kentucky fried chicken and gone his way, had it not been for two circumstances that aggravated him to the villainous act of which I was the innocent victim. I do not think that Alfred was the real stuff of which villains are made. He was too cowardly. But he played his part melodramatically. Tom Curtis was the first circum- stance. He inveigled Alfred into a wrestling match--popular sport of the country boys--and tripped him to a heavy fall. Of course Tom despised his rival. Alfred arose with a scowl. He rel- ished his bumped head and humiliation little. I know now he had learned from Jack that Tom was my "country beau." I am sure that one of his motives was a subtle vengeance on Tom, who had hurt his pride. The second circumstance was a rain- storm which interrupted a picnic party and drove the two couples--Alfred and me, Harry and Nanny--to shelter under the hanging rocks of a hillside. IN the twinkling of an eye--Alfred's eyes--the little flirtation I had thought so badly aground on the reefs of our initial quarrel, took an astonish- ing turn. We pressed back against the cliff, away from the driving storm. We could hear the others' voices from be- yond a clump of bushes. My pink gingham dress was soaked through, and the wide skirt whipped about me like the folds of Greek drapery. I was pain- fully aware that the stays of my tight- boned blouse were outlined clearly in the wet cloth; that my form was clearly moulded. But I was not prepared for the effect upon Alfred. He had caught my hand in the scramble for shelter. Now he retained it and bent over me as grace- fully as the cramped space would permit. "So, you're not that kind of girl!" he smiled. I blushed. His eyes were appraising. "Well, little Miss Prunes and Prisms, you're a pretty girl and I think I'll take that kiss." I strained away from him. "Listen, pretty Kate, will you elope with me?" he whispered. 