Seed of Hate Told by a French Mother Every war leaves its innocent victims--seed of the invader's hate. Not because Auguste was French, nor because he was German, but because of the infinite possibilities of childhood, in this little one the best in both nations came uppermost. THAT Sunday in May of the year 1922 was like all other Sundays --so it seemed to me. From behind a curtained window in our red-tiled cottage I furtively watched Auguste, my son. He was trudging down the road, his sabots puffing little clouds of dust from the dry ground. He was bareheaded, and the sleeves of his gray blouse were rolled up above his elbows. For years now I had silently endured the weight of a great sorrow; and my heart held an unquenchable hatred. I had never experienced the happiness of an outward expression of affection toward Auguste. Whenever we were alone, mother and son, I was silent or reserved; among the neighbors I had schooled myself in a coldness which the situation demanded. It was Vestlemann, the Hun, father of Auguste--from him came my sorrow, for him was my hatred. Loyalty to France forbade my showing affection toward a son from such a union. But Auguste was good to look upon: strong in face, and sturdier than most boys of seven, though his flaxen hair and white eyebrows were evidence of his Hun blood. His patience before the insults of the villagers and his unfailing good nature had not caused them to forget his father. They pitied me in my patient martyr- dom; marveled at my righteous hatred; and approved of my rigid reserve toward Auguste. The Great War was still a vivid mem- ory--and he the living reminder of it! But that Sunday afternoon I sat be- hind the curtains watching him. Near Hector Pineairs field of ripen- ing clover I saw Auguste meet Celestine Souvegean and her little sister, Anne Marie. The smaller child was chasing a zigzagging, yellow butterfly. Celes- tine called sharply. The little one ran panting back and clung to her sister's short skirts. She turned a frightened face upon my Auguste. He hung his head. Just below, Philippe Berube stood chatting with Eloie Bosquette, the tan- ners son. 53 