The Love That Kills 65 Five years went by, and then I went away with my little girl for a visit to California; and there in the flower- loveliness of the country, I wrestled with myself. I came back, softened, my soul crying out for forgiveness. I begged it from my husband. How happy he was; his love that had never died, leaped up again with almost pathetic intensity. It seemed as though he had been starved for all those years, but now was filled. Our real honeymoon began, and we were utterly content, happier together than we had ever been before. Then one day someone asked me if I knew that during my absence in the West, my husband had been seen in a neighboring city with a woman. I questioned him, fury rising in my heart; and with deep abasement, he confessed. She was a nurse he had met once in a hospital. He cared nothing for her, but she had said she loved him. Our life had seemed hopeless to- gether, and when I went away, he had been desolate. By chance he had met this woman again, and the thing had come about. He begged forgiveness. My whole body seemed to change to ice as I listened. I turned away from him as I would from a terrible monster, from something unclean. It didn't matter that I had been to blame, that I had cast him away from me, that I had made our life together wretched. When I went to California I said that I was going away forever. But now-- I was outraged, filled with righteous in- dignation at his sin. Tears and upbraidings followed again, this time with renewed fury, for now I had a real basis for my anger. And I never let him forget it. And so I made him pay for that one lapse with his life. With almost a fiendish delight, I made him suffer--night after night, month after month. But no one knew it, outside of our home. I was very care- ful. I was a devoted wife, apparently. No one dreamed that the life of this popular physician was not entirely happy--until at last, someone noticed that he was not himself. His hand was shaky; he was unable to continue a surgical operation. He broke down and was taken to a hospital in a neighboring city. When he came home, shaken and white, I nursed him, frightened; re- solving that hereafter I would forget the past, and be again as I was after my return from California. But it was too late. My husband was taking morphine. He had been taking it for months. It had been the cause of his breakdown, and at last the truth came out. At first I found he had begun months before, taking only a little to quiet his nerves; to enable him to go on with his work. It is easy for a physician to get mor- phine. And he had not dreamed of course, that it would get a hold upon him. I questioned him. He admitted that it was true, he was taking the drug. I commanded him to stop, de- nounced him, pleaded with him, ter- rified. And then the truth came to me in blinding horror, that it was too late. It had got too great a hold on him. He could not stop. He must go on! We now lived on what he had made in the past, for his practice ceased, and he could not attend to it, did not try to. He did not seem to care, but shut himself up, taking the drug in great quantities day after day, content to sit No. 25. Jan. 12 