My Road to the Stars 75 I hastily decided not to antagonize my employer, if I could escape without being forced to do so. "Girlie, you are the demure kind; al- ways had me guessing. But you're all alike--at least Kipling says so. Now, listen to me: be nice, and I'll lift you to the top of the ladder." His eyes bored into mine, but I ignored real meaning. I answered nothing. He seemed to enjoy the situation. "See here, I'll lay the cards on the table. We needed someone to play Lee's roles, and while you do show promise, you're no Alice Lee--yet. Whether you're starred or not depends upon yourself. I've never had a chance to talk to you about your future, so we'll do it now. I'll meet you at the ferry-- no use starting tongues wragging by leaving here together. We'll run up to Arrowhead for tea. Agreeable?" I hesitated. "Would you be angry if I said no, Mr. Hogan?" "Perhaps." "I'd be poor company; I've been so upset over Mr. Bromley." It was a weak excuse, but the best I could think of. "Want me to think he means as much as that to you?" I wanted to resent that, but I dared not. "He was very good to me. He gave me my start." "And I gave you your real chance. Don't you owe me anything?" "The best I have to give--to my work." His grasp had relaxed on my shoul- der, and I took advantage of it to slip to the floor. Then help came. Eddie Rolfe walked into the office, unan- nounced, a sheaf of letters in his hand. Hogan said irritably: "Don't go, Miss Crowell, I want to talk to you after I've signed these!" But Rolfe's lips formed two words, "Beat it!" and I followed his advice. AFTER my little scene in Hogan's office, I was certainly unprepared for the truce that ensued. The chief still came upstairs while we were at work, but his visits were brief, and he made no attempt to talk to me alone. Gunning rushed the finish of the pic- ture. He took us up-State for the out- of-doors scenes, and being away from the city was just what I needed at that time. We were out on location for ten days, and by that time Ted was con- valescing in the Westchester Hills. The day after we returned, Gunning went up to see him, and the morning after, he sent for me to let me know Ted was getting on in every way. The operation had been a complete success; the removal of the pressure on the spine would give him back the use of his legs and allow his brain to function normally. Ted knew now that I had masqueraded as Gloria, and he sent me a message of gratitude. He was very glad to learn that I was making good, but he did not ask to see me. Gently Gunning explained that he seemed overwhelmed by his indebted- ness to me. "But it's not a bad thing for Ted, Pam; it's supplying the incentive to work. He told me he was planning a scenario and dictating it now. He wants to finish it and sell it, in order to pay us all back the money we laid out for him. I didn't discourage him; a healthy horror of debt is a fine sign that he's come to himself." I had been telling myself for weeks 