The Queen of Wheats 29 my belt and--went over to the table in the earner. "Your order?" He looked up. His eyes were just as brown as I had thought them, and a trifle sad. His cheeks were thin and bronzed, and when he spoke his voice was like velvet--brown velvet. "Wheat cakes and coffee." But I had not been a waitress for three months for nothing. I knew that his gray suit was tailor-made, not bought in a store. I had seen his fine brown hands, the freshness of his linen, the cigarette box he had opened set with a monogram in shining jewels. I laid down his wheat cakes, syrup, butter, coffee, as softly as I could. My fingers shook. "Do you like it?" he said sud- denly. "Like it?" My eyes filled with tears. In all those lonely months he was the first one who had asked me that. I shook my head, tried to wipe away a tear with the back of my hand. But he saw me. "You're different," he said slowly. It was then it came to me--the great, the terrible lie. Why shouldn't I pretend to be different? Why shouldn't I let him think that I wasn't just Maisie who lived in a dark room, beneath the thunder of the elevated trains, with the smell of cooking and airless rooms and the screams of the children down the hall. "How did you know?" I whispered. Then I stood up stiffly. It would never do to let anyone see. I might lose my job, my precious job. And jobs were scarce now. When I came back to give him his ticket, he asked me without raising his eyes: "Would you--tell me--your name?" "Not now," I said. I watched him go. I saw him shrug into his coat and pick up his stick, catch his soft hat by the crown, and go toward the door. I wanted to go too. To tell him my name. What had I done? I would never see him again --this wonderful man with the brown eyes that made my heart beat faster; with the voice that sent a wild thrill through my breast. . . . I was very tired when I was through at last. My feet ached, my head drummed with the constant rattling noise of spoons and forks and knives crashing together, so that when I struck the icy air I was almost dizzy. I HAD five dollars left to live on next week. I needed a new pair of shoes; I ought to pay Mrs. Flynn to- night. But--I would do neither of those things. I went into the first store that I saw, a great aisle blazing with light, and velvet soft beneath my feet. "I want a monogramed handker- chief." "Monograms, Miss? You'll have to order that," the black silk salesgirl said scornfully. "I want it now--any monogram." I felt my cheeks burn at her scrutiny. "Well, there's a few here, returned," she said, and drew forth a handker- chief with the initials, "R. L. F." "That will do." I paid two of my precious dollars for it, tucked it carefully into my battered handbag, and went to the per- fume counter. My heart thumped as I laid out my last three dollars for a vial long as my finger that held ten drops of perfume. It was French, and bore the name of a famous parfumeur. 