Thrills Thirty Years Ago 43 I had not heard aright. I could not believe that thus suddenly out of the blankness of disappointment had come this romantic proposal. "What?" I asked, staring up at him. "Now, give me the kiss." he seized me by the shoulders and kissed me long, lingeringly. My half-hearted struggles were as a pygmy's. I was overwhelmed, thrilled by the adventure, and I firmly believed that I was in love. "We--we mustn't," I protested feebly. "We're going to run away together, aren't we? Come on, Kate dear." In a moment my cheek was upon the shoulder of his wet coat. Our troth was plighted. Our plans were briefly completed to elope that very night. "We'll get married in Cincinnati, won't we?" I whispered. The only argument in my mind was whether or not it would be proper to wait until we reached there since we would have to be on the steamboat to- gether all the next day. "All right," assented Alfred hur- riedly, as though that part didn't inter- est him. I remember that he drank three of Father's mint juleps after dinner-- enough to exhilarate even a seasoned Kentuckian. He whispered to me that he was celebrating, and added that he would go to the crossroads store to buy a rope for our escape. I WAS sure that I was the luckiest girl alive to have such a lover, such a romance, such an adventure. How en- vious Nanny would be! I slipped away to my room to pack. I arranged a bundle of dainty hand-sewn linen petti- coats and underwear, cashmere hose, my pink and white fascinator scarf, my best plaid silk. I was chewing a pen over the delicate task of composing a note to calm Mother's hysterics, when I heard swift footsteps on the stairs. The door was flung open and Alfred dashed in and closed it behind him. I gasped. His collar and tie were torn away; his hair was disheveled, and a swelling bruise was slowly but surely obscuring one beautiful gray eye. "We've got to go right away!" he panted. "What's the matter? We can't--" I was incoherent in my surprise. Alfred snapped at me. "Listen--don't ask questions! I got into a fight with some bullies at the store. I want to get out of this place as soon as possible." I shrank away from him. "I don't want to go with you when you act like that!" I wailed. He mustered a reassuring smile. "I'm sorry," he soothed. "I am ex- cited. Please come with me now. We can go down the back stairs. Everyone is in front. We can take the creek road." I was prepared to follow Alfred, or rather that romance of which he was the symbol, through any peril. I tiptoed down the back stairs obedi- ently. Quietly, fearful of wakening the sleeping Sam, I led Dixie out and we saddled her. She stumbled down the rough, creek road, sadly overloaded by the double burden. We did not make swift progress despite Alfred's evident eagerness for haste. There was plenty of time for me to think over my folly. We had planned to elope at dawn to catch the early boat. Now we must be out all night. That meant disgrace. And if our absence were discovered, 