26 Uncle Oscar's House Party "The girls are, but the boys are down with Uncle Oscar in the bar. I wish I'd thought to bring a highball with me." I sat up, suddenly conscious of my- self--my negligee, my curly hair, which fell in cascades over my neck -and shoulders. My time had come. Now I would vamp this handsome fellow. I'd show Sarah Huntington! "A highball?" I murmured. "Oh, I'd like one too." "Well, if you'll wait a moment, I'll go down and get you one." Jack Weston jumped to his feet and strode off. A few minutes later, he reappeared with a bottle of old Burbon, two bottles of White Rock and glasses. We settled ourselves comfortably on the bearskin before the fire. That first highball made me a bit dizzy. It was so warm by the fire and, besides, I had never before even tasted of any intoxicant. But I persisted. If Sarah could drink, why so could I. The second drink made me feel fool- ish, and soon I was laughing hysterical- ly. Jack Weston watched me from beneath lowered eyelashes, with an expression of amazement on his hand- some face. Then I snuggled closer to him and looked up at him in the manner I had observed Sarah use. "I love booze and parties and danc- ing, don't you?" I cooed, laying my head on Jack's shoulder. He nodded. "They're all right," he said care- lessly. There was an awkward silence. As a vamp I was failing miserably. But I was determined to succeed, and I tried again. I lifted my lips to within a tantalizing distance of his. "Here's to love and life," I mur- mured, raising my fifth glass of whisky- and-soda in a toast. SUDDENLY I turned around. There stood Uncle Oscar. I jumped to my feet, with a fright- ened cry, and ran toward the door. Uncle Oscar followed me with an in- credulous smile. But I did not see the smile; I thought he was angry and ran all the faster. At the head of the stairs I tripped on my train and fell. And somehow the carpet came un- tacked and wound itself about me as I rolled downstairs. When I reached the bottom I was completely immersed in it--a moving, frightened bundle. By the time Uncle Oscar disen- tangled me, the whole party had assembled in the hall and were roaring with laughter--that is, all except Jack Weston, who stood a little apart, an expression of mild disgust on his face. And then I saw Sarah Huntington. She had seen Jack's disgust, and was now grinning at me maliciously as though she would say: "Now see! You've made a little fool of yourself!" A tide of shame and anger swept over me. They all thought I was beastly drank, and they were right. Tears welled up in my eyes and coursed down over my cheeks. "I'm going home," I wailed. "I--I hate all of you!" Again came the roar of laughter. "Who would have thought it," Sarah Huntington said sarcastically. "She looked so innocent and wouldn't take a drink last night. Why, she's cuckoo -actually cuckoo!" 