22 Uncle Oscar's House Party Grandmother--I was always nervous when we walked up Main Street for fear of meeting the little old lady. Anabel sometimes came to visit me from New York--Anabel, tall, slender, with great, dark-eyes and a surprising amount of beautiful clothes. Anabel herself was meaningless. She had no intelligence; she rode badly; she danced badly; but Anabel was a model for clothes, or rather she should have been a model, for nabel never did any- thing except to wear the latest creations. Her coming was like receiving one of those rare and expensive Parisian fash- ion books. AND now it was Christmas vacation and Anabel had come and gone. She had brought me a negligee. Of chiffons it was--blue and lavender and maroon, all fastened together with clusters of tiny tea-roses. There were sleeves and a train that trailed behind me halfway across the room, and it was draped up in front so that my pretty legs were exposed halfway to the knee. And to go with it were dainty silver slippers and yellow silk stockings. My delight knew no bounds. Mother allowed me to accept it. "But never under any circumstances wear it except when you're alone in your bedroom," she added. So in the evening I would creep up to my room and, donning my negligee, I would pose before the mirror and al- though I looked very lovely--still, there was something wrong. Then one night I realized what it was. It was my background--the little bed covered with spotless white dimity, the curtains ruffled and starched, the bureau bare of adornments, the pale wallpaper with its clusters of roses aad blue bows. I shuddered and, taking off the negli- gee, packed it away in my cedar chest to remain until I should have velvet hangings and silken cushions, a long cheval glass, and many, many little toilette bottles and boxes. Then came the invitation to Uncle Oscar's house party. Uncle Oscar is con- sidered the most shocking member of the family. I was going to say the black sheep, but that would be scarcely the thing to call him, for Uncle Oscar is astonish- ingly wealthy. He has an enormous estate in New Hampshire where there are lakes and deer and tennis courts and a putting green. And on this estate there are stables where he raises horses and cream-colored cows and beautiful, sav- age bulls. His house is wonderful--a bachelor house, with large halls painted with hunting scenes and great stone fire- places, Uncle Oscar can accommodate thirty guests. "She's seventeen now," Mother was saying to Father, "and old enough to take care of herself. Besides, Jack Weston's going to be there and I want Anna-Lee to meet him. He's Uncle Oscar's partner's son." That evening I packed. And hidden away at the bottom of the suitcase was my negligee. UNCLE OSCAR met me at the sta- tion where were other arriving guests. And what a jolly party there was that first evening! We sat at a long table--there were twenty-eight in all. And in the center was a huge bowl of champagne punch which disappeared rapidly and was refilled as the evening advanced. I contented myself with cider, although I was tempted to taste 