Big and Brave as a Herring 19 he drawled, "but you can't fool Ben Cloaker no more." And he caught me to him with a hideous chuckle of pleasure. "Let me go!" I screamed again, twist- ing for the moment out of his grasp. "I'm going to tell Captain Seeley the truth." I stood gasping and sobbing, with my back against the companion- way. He folded his arms and faced me, his lip curling. "Yes, you'll tell!" he jeered. "Unfortunately these be seamen as ain't got what you calls comp'ny manners with a gal--not aboard ship. But you'll tell, you will." Then with an entire change of man- ner he adopted a wheedling tone: "It's lucky you be, that not a soul aboard this here brig has eyes in his head but ol' Ben Cloaker. And he won't say a word, you may lay to that. So you lets well enough alone, you does, and nobody the wiser but you and me." At that he lunged toward me, but, quick as a flash, I ducked and was across the floor before he could turn. Then, back and forth between the rows of bunks we dodged. Once I caught up a peajacket from a disordered bunk and flung it wildly at his face but, divining my purpose, he caught the thing easily in his hand with a laugh of triumph that I shall never forget. In another moment he would have been upon me, but, as I ran my foot struck against a low stool that stood under the porthole. With a swift, backward kick I sent it spinning across the floor. Cloaker stumbled and fell flat. It was an instant only before he was on his feet, filling the place with the sound of his curses, but in that instant I had made the companion and was rattling up. I heard the man's quick breathi[n]g just behind, as I gained the deck an[d] started running aft. I was on the le[ft] side of the fo'cs'le, so that when I turned the deck house hid me for a moment from my pursuer. As I rounded it, out of the tail of my eye I caught a glimpse of the other ves- sel. She was overhauling us fast. That one, fleeting glance was enough to decide me. Flinging myself over the bulwarks, I hung for an instant to the rail. In that instant Cloaker rounded the deck house after me, grunting and puffing. Then he stopped with such a look of bewilderment on his face that, fright- ened as I was, I could almost have laughed. While he stood there, gaping at the empty deck, I loosed my hold upon the rail, at the same time giving a vigorous push with my feet against the ship's side, to send me clear of it. Down, down, I went, with the rush and roar of the water above my head and the pounding of it in my ears. My eyes must have been open, for I remem- ber the great, ghostly hull of the vessel looking like a huge shadow beside me. As I came up, the thought flashed into my mind that someone aboard the Edelise might have heard the splash and endeavor to rescue me. So, gulping in one brief, grateful breath of air, I dove again, to swim under water a distance of several yards. When I rose to the surface, gasping and exhausted, the Edelise was sailing blithely on her course. The last I ever saw of Ben Cloaker was the picture I had of him then, lean- ing far over the starboard bulwarks shading his staring eyes with his hand. 