Thrills Thirty Years Ago 37 my curls to a length of three inches over the front of my head, leaving a neat length to knot behind, after the fashion popularized by Lily Langtry, "the Jersey Lily." In vain I protested that other girls at school were wearing their hair that way. Grandma Kenton declared it was all on account of sending me to that "fast girls' and boys' college, instead of making me stay at the girls' seminary." My older brother Harry defended me, but my younger brother Jack considered it a glorious joke. "Come on, Kate, dress like a boy. You look like one," he jeered. I flared, into a rage and told them they were all countrified and behind the times. Then I ordered my little roan Dixie saddled and rode across the hills in quest of my chum, Nanny, hiking my voluminous riding habit up to show a defiant inch of ankle . . . June in the river hills of Kentucky. The Ohio a ribbon of gray beyond deep green tobacco fields. As I rode along I dreamed another rider beside me; his arm about me, as in the picture entitled "Springtime." NANNY, who had been coerced back to the near-by seminary, rendered homage to my fashionable coiffure; was dully impressed by my college-acquired worldliness; my Northern accent from way up above Columbus, Ohio. "Tell me, what were the boys like?" she irrquired eagerly. "They're nice," I assured her. "So slick and dudish and citified. There was one--he sat across from me in Chapel. His hair is golden, and he has the cutest little burnsides. He makes these country boys look like a row of beans." "Oh, Kate, I'll bet you're in love!" Nanny clapped her hands. "I'm not," I protested self-con- sciously, but glowing to my description. "His nose is sort of classical. He looks like Apollo." "Kate, did he kiss you?" "No,indeed!" I exclaimed, and added sorrowfully: "I didn't even meet him." Nanny folded her arms across her tight gingham blouse and glared at me with infinite disgust. "Kate Kenton, I never was so ashamed of anybody in my life!" she "We mothers desire to protect our daughters" said. "Do you really mean to tell me you didn't manage to get introduced to him? Anybody would think you were a Civil War sissie. Do you know this is the year 1892 when girls have a lit- tle spunk?" "But I did try," I cried. "Once when I had it all arranged, the Dean made me do an extra theme so I couldn't go to the party where he was to be; and once Tom came boging up to see me. I was so mad at him! I couldn't even take him to the Promenade Concert, he looked so countrified." 