16 Big and Brave as a Herring "Loony as a fool, poor little devil!" spoke one out of the group, a pale, thin- chested young fellow with a deep scar across his cheek. The big man put me down with a brief shake. "Come on, now, speak out. Have you got business with the Cap'n?" "I have." And before I could so much as draw breath again, I was being bundled un- ceremoniously up the companion, with the whole pack at my heels. ON deck all was activity. A thickset man with a shock of untidy hair was thundering orders to some hands aft of the galley. My big protector spoke up. "Cap'n, here's a young mischief- maker as wants words with you." "And it's loony in the head he is, Cap'n," put in another. The man who was addressed glared at them and the group fell back, si- lently. Then he turned to me, but be- fore he could speak I had lifted my chin defiantly. "I asked for Gordon Perry and no one else," I said. "And who might he be?" "The captain of this ship!" I blazed --and heard a murmur behind me. "Loony or no, you'll keep a civil tongue in your head, you young son of a sea-lawyer. I'm the master of this ship, and you may lay to that." A terrible fear leaped to my brain. Was it possible that this was not Gor- don's ship? I could hardly find my voice. "Isn't this the Edella bound for Havana?" I asked weakly--and felt all my courage oozing out from my finger tips as I read the answer in the man's face. "Bound for Havana, right enough, but this here's the Edelise, and it's Cap'n Seeley you're answerable to, and don't you forget that." I didn't faint, but I came near to it. And I can see now how I owed even the precarious safety that followed to that deathly weakness which fell upon me. For, without it, I would have blurted out my story in the first moment of amazement. And I shudder to think of what would have lain in store for me. Instead, when things cleared up again I found myself alone, sitting flat on the deck, leaning against the bul- warks. The men were gone about their duties and Captain Seeley was nowhere in sight. A HAMMOCK was swung for me in the fo'cs'le that night. Half sick with loneliness and dismay, I crept into it and by the dim, wavering light of the slush-lamp, looked about the place. On either side of me rose bunks, one above the other. Not all of them were occupied, but I made out on the upper at my right, the form of the white-faced youth with the scarred cheek whom I had noticed be- fore and, below him, the man called Cloaker. For hours, it seemed, I lay there, listening to the wash of the sea against the ship's side, the creaking of the sails, the tramp of the watch above, and all the sounds of a vessel at night that came so strangely to my ear then--though they were to become familiar enough later on. Finally I did close my eyes and fall to dozing fitfully. From one of these naps I was wak- ened to alert consciousness by a sound. It was so slight that, had I been a little more instead of a little less than half 