44 Thrills Thirty Years Ago my father would be waiting at the boat. That meant an end to eloping. These fears I communicated to Alfred who was lashing Dixie along furiously. "There's no use hurrying," I pointed out. "We can't get the boat till five anyway." "Can't risk the boat," said Alfred shortly. "Got to sleep out to-night and catch a train from Maysville in the morning. Can't make this damned horse go any farther to-night." He turned Dixie into the black creek woods where a slim tracery of moonlight fell through ghostly trees. I was fright- ened at these gloomy surroundings and clung to Alfred. "We'll have to find a farmhouse" I cried. "If we find a farmhouse your father will find us," said Alfred. "No, Miss Prisms, here we stay." Perhaps my daughter would smile at my shock. He could not have horrified me more had he asked me to commit a murder. All the conventions I had been taught to hold sacred were violated. I WON'T" I said and jumped down into the crackling carpet of autumn leaves. "I won't do any such thing. I'm going back home!" Alfred was beside me. He grasped my arms and held them tight. "No, you don't!" he snarled, "See here, young lady, you've done enough to deserve anything I want to do now. You got me down here by writing fake letters and let me be made fun of by a bunch of country jakes. Now you're going to stay right here with me. Be- sides, you're a darned pretty girl. Why the hurry?" My polished city beau was distress- ingly transformed. He pressed close against me, and his breath was hot on my cheek. There we struggled silently, savagely in the darkness. I bit his hand, hit at him. Finally I was free and I ran, tripping on roots, hampered by my awkward bustle, heed- less of where I was going. I could hear his footsteps crunching through the leaves after me. I paused behind a tree and watched his dark silhouette go plunging on. I dared not cry for help, for I knew he would be the only one to hear. I sat there beside the tree, shaking with cold, sick with disgust at my own silly mistakes. Again his footsteps approached. Blind with fear I ran once more, and this time I found a path clear in the moonlight though half covered with leaves. I picked up my skirts and sped along; rounded a corner, and almost col- lided with a horseman. One glance at his face in the moonlight sufficed to set me laughing and crying together. It was Tom. I clung to his boots and begged him to take me home, nor paused to con- sider the fortunate coincidence that had brought him here. He lifted me up before him and then --only then--spoke. He said in a quiet, ominous voice: "Where is that fellow?" "How did you know?" I was aghast. "Oh, Tom, I'm ashamed." I wonder if the true swain of a girl to-day would be as enraged as Tom was, did he suspect the same thing Tom suspected? "I'll kill him," he muttered. "Kate, I'll kill him for this!" "No--he--he didn't even get to kiss me, Tom. I ran away. He is some- where in the woods." Tom vented his relief in a gusty sigh. Even as I spoke, Alfred stumbled out 