A radiant bride at twenty -- at twenty-five -- what? Is the Husband or Wife to Blame? Is the husband or wife to blame for the tragedy of too many children? Margaret Sanger, the great birth control advocate, comes with a message vital to every married man and woman. Thousands upon thou- sands of women to-day marry with the bloom of youth upon their cheeks. A few years of married life rub the bloom off. Children come, too many. And instead of the energetic, healthy girl we have a tired and bedraggled young-old woman. Why do women allow marriage, the holy thing, to work this wicked transformation? MARGARET SANGER, the acknowledged world leader of the Birth Control movement and President of the American Birth Control League, has the answer for this most momen- tous problem of womankind. Every married woman knows only too well the tragedies result- ing from ignorance of birth control. Why should a woman sacrifice her love-life -- a posses- sion she otherwise uses every resource to keep? Why does she give birth to a rapid succession of children, if she has neither the means to provide for them nor the physical strength properly to care for them? In her daring and startling book Mar- Partial List of Contents * Woman's Error and Her Debt. Two Classes of Women. Cries of Despair. * When Should a Woman Avoid Having Children? Birth Control -- A Parent's Problem or Woman's. * Continence -- Is It Prac-ticable or Desirable? * Are Preventive Means Cer-tain? * Contraceptives or Abortion? Women and the New Moral-ity. Legislating Woman's Morals. Why Not Birth Control Clines in America? Progress We Have Made * Any one of these chap-ters alone is worth many times the price of the book. garet Sanger gives to the women of the world the knowledge she dared to print--the knowledge for which she faced jail and fought through every court to establish as woman's inalienable right to know. In "Woman and the New Race" she shows how woman can and will rise above the forces that, in too many cases, have ruined her beauty through the ages--that still drag her down to-day--that wreck her mental and physical strength--that disqualify her for society, for self-improvement--that finally shut her out from the thing she cherishes most: her husband's love. In blazing this revolutionary trail to the new freedom of women, this daring and heroic author points, out that women who cannot afford to have more than one or two chil- dren, should not do so. It is a crime to herself, a crime to her children, a crime to society. And now for the first time Mrs. Sanger shows the way out. And she brings to the women of the world the greatest message it has been their good fortune to receive. "Woman and the New Race" is a book that will be read wherever woman-kind strug- gles with the ever-present danger of too many children. It is a startling, mighty revelation of a new truth, a work that will open the eyes of tired, worn woman- kind. It can with truth and hon- esty be called woman's salvation. Every woman in the country should have a copy of this remarkable and courageous work. For this reason we have arranged a special edition of "Wo- man and the New Race" at only $2.00 a copy. Send No Money The book is bound in handsome, durable gray cloth, has artistic black lettering and is printed from large type on good paper. It contains 286 pages of priceless information. To have it come to you. merely fill in and mail the coupon below. It is sent to you in a plain wrapper. When "Woman and the New Race" is delivered to you by the postman, pay him $2.00 plus postage-- but send no money with the coupon. There will be an unprecedented demand for this edition, which will soon be ex- hausted. so you are urged to mail the coupon now--at once. TRUTH PUBLISHING CO. Dept. T-4412 1400 Broadway, New York City Truth Publishing Co. Dept. T-4412 1400 B'way, New York City Gentlemen: Please send me, in plain wrapper, Margaret Sanger's book. "Woman and the New Race." I am enclosing no money, but will give the postman, who delivers the book to me, $2.00 plus postage. Name.............................. Address............................ City....................State...... Canadian and foreign orders must be accom-panied by money order. 