38 Thrills Thirty Years Ago "But you used to like Tom!" "Maybe I did before I went away and learned a few things," I said com- placently. "Well, I don't blame you for being- aggravated when he makes such a nuisance of himself/," agreed Nanny, and added, with deep sarcasm: "I sup- pose you at least found out the fair un- known's name." I had and, what was more, I knew his home address from the student list. We agreed that, while we had this in- formation, there was hope. But it took two weeks of cooperative scheming to hit upon our final, masterly plan. Simple enough, in consideration of the effects it was to have. I WOULD send him, as if by mistake, a letter indited to a fictitious girl friend. A yellowed scrap of that letter still flaunts its ingenuous message in a box of keepsakes--remnant of a ribbon- tied mass of correspondence which at one time was thicker in volume. Nanny and I, composing with laugh- ing care, fondly imagined our produc- tion a triumph of duplicity. After two pages of meaningless chatter came the casual, all-important paragraph. By the way, Maude, do you remem- ber my telling you once I had an un- known relative named Clarke in Ohio? I have discovered a picture of a man named Alfred Clarke in the graduating class at Fairfield. Isn't it odd I didn't meet him all the time I was at school? He comes from Bacyrus and I am con- vinced he is one of the relatives. Be- sides, he looks interesting. I am writ- ing him to find, out. Nanny's final suggestion was a stroke of genius. In went a small picture of me--gem of the rural photographer's art--seated upon a cardboard stone wall beside a painted fern, radiant in my best satin basque with four yards of check- ered silk sash. My dark eyes and set smile looked out from a background of stormy clouds. "That'll fetch him," pronounced Nanny. "You're a pretty girl, Kate." We sent the letter. We waited--and at last came his answer. It was only a formal note suggesting that, obviously, I must have gotten en- velopes mixed. He had read my letter, of course, and regretted that he could discover no traces of relationship but thought we might talk about that later. Meanwhile, we could be friends. He re- turned the letter and the photograph. But the photograph journeyed back upon request, within a month. For me that summer was not spaced by sunlit days and starlit nights but by the intervals between letters. I sur- rounded Alfred Clarke with a halo of romance. He was a composite of Ivan- hoe, Launcelot, and St. Elmo. The re- lationship fiction had disappeared as an excuse for letters. He progressed to quotations of sentimental poetry. "Love is like a red, red, rose. . . "Come into the garden, Maude." Nanny considered it a mean trick that I refused to show her those later letters. I considered them sacred. TOM CURTIS, sweetheart of days before I went to college, found small satisfaction in my company that summer. He came over several eve- nings a week, as he had always done, stiff in the agony of high, leather shoes, starched shirt, and a tight, striped suit which he considered dudish. I scorned it for having four buttons while the college boys always wore five. I can see his honest, tanned face now, 