4 The Highest Law or sidle up to one of us clerks and get what he was looking for. "Light your lamp on the picture post card!" whispers Minnie to me. I move over to him and ask him, is there anything I can do for him. He looked right down into my very soul, and I got a kinda shock when I saw one of his big beautiful eyes was made of glass. 'Cept for that, he was too good-looking to live. He asks for some ribbon. He didn't know the color nor the width he wanted, and that kinda puz- zled me; but I finally fitted him out with a bolt of baby blue, and he stood there waiting for his change and sizing me up, as though he wanted to buy me instead of the ribbon. And me just falling dead in love with him at first sight! Finally he says: "Looky here, little lady, do you ever go stepping?" "How d'ye mean?" I stammered, my heart beating such little trip-ham- mer jumps, I felt certain he heard them. "Well," says he, "you're a pippin for looks, girlie. Any guy'd be proud to be seen with you hanging on his arm." I DIDN'T realize it then, but I do now, that it was for just that reason he'd come buying baby ribbon. Pete needed a girl to work with him, and he figured the best place to pick a winner with an innocent face, was in a base- ment department store, where the air was bad and the pay was poor. He knew his fascinating manner and hand- some face would make it easy for him to start a conversation with any dame he picked. He didn't have to ask me twice to go out with him. When the store closed I met him at the Sixth Avenue corner of--you know, near Loew's Theatre--and we went to the movies together, then over to a dance place. Gee! By the time he'd said good night to me in the doorway of my boarding house on Avenue A, I loved him, without him half trying to make me. He was a swell dancer and a grand talker, and with me lonesome and never having had a sweetheart in my whole life--well, you know the answer. Pete sure did rush me. Every night, at closing hour, for a week, he met me, and we had chow at the Chinaman's, or we went to an Italian joint around the corner. I kept getting deeper and deeper in love with him, but never a word did he say to show whether he cared a thing for me or not. I used to go to mass in those days, not that Ma had ever been religious, but I kinda needed something to bolster me up; and, lordy, how I prayed for him to ask me to marry him! THEN one night he didn't show up, nor the next, and I was just about crazy. When a week went by and I didn't hear from him, I didn't care whether I lived or died. Then one night, there he was wait- ing for me as usual. "Miss me, kid?" he asks, giving my hand a squeeze. "Oh, Pete!" I gasps. "Where've you been? I missed you something fierce!" He told me he'd been in jail--jail! It just made me sick the way he said it, as though it wasn't a disgrace or any- thing to be ashamed of. He laughed about it, and because I got white and kinda trembly he laughed some more. But it didn't make me love him less. 