76 My Road to the Stars that Ted's recovery was all I prayed for and that I never expected more than his gratitude. But it was cold comfort to receive even that through the words of another. I hid my chagrin, but I got away as quickly as possible. I wanted to be alone. ... To myself, at last I admit- ted that I loved Ted Bromley and that nothing but his love in return could content me. But I could not take a step to gain that love. I WAS invited into the projection room to see some of the scenes from "The Playmate" run off. It was the first time I saw myself on the small screen in front of which the directors and the men who cut and assembled the picture, gathered. They were there to see what was good, what must be done over, and what could be left out. It surprised me to learn that many of what I had thought my best scenes were ruthlessly cut as not necessary to the story. Now as I groped my way into the darkened room, a hand reached up and pulled me into a seat. I shrank away as I saw it was Hogan. He noticed my movement and he growled out : "Are you afraid? I don't bite!" In the darkness I managed a smile. "I'm not so sure," I ventured. "There, that's better--more human." He leaned closer. "I don't know what there is about you, girlie, but I like you. Let me take you around-- I like my stars to be seen around town. Want to take dinner with me some night? I promise not to serve you up for dessert --though, by gad, sometimes you look sweet enough!" Someone banged the door. I looked up; it was Eddie Rolfe. He slipped into the seat beside me and again saved me from an awkward scene with the chief. There was a difference of opinion about one scene, and the lights were flashed on. Gunning appealed to Hogan to back him up. I took ad- vantage of the confusion to leave the room. Afterwards I heard Hogan asked for me and wanted to send for me, but Rolfe told him I had gone home. For awhile things seemed at a stand- still. Work went on in a leisurely fashion. Gloria Mundi's picture was finished, but I heard that she called the chief up daily. He sent for me one day to talk over a new contract. Eddie Rolfe brought me the message and added: "I'll stick around to see he doesn't put anything over on you. He's going to offer you three hundred a week for two more pictures." Sallie had told me to hold out for five hundred, but I was only too glad to get three, especially as Peter Gun- ning was going to Europe to look over the film situation in Germany, and would not direct for a year at least. He advised me to stay on with the Sun- burst people; I could get my training there as well as elsewhere. I turned to Rolfe gratefully. "Stand by and tell me where to sign," I begged, and then I followed him to the office I had learned to dread. But as we approached it, we heard voices, one angry, the other short, and I held back. I had no wish to risk another encounter with Gloria Mundi, who had evidently come over hunting trouble. But Eddie Rolfe thought it time for a show-down. Like most of the others around the studio, he had no use at all for Gloria Mundi. He seized me firmly by the hand and pulled me for- 