Ferdinand Reyher 69    through the revolving door of the Trow- bridge Building and came out on the steps from which she would step into the day- is-done tide of humankind hurrying to- ward Elevated stations and Subway kiosks, to the Bronx and Long Island City, Flatbush and Yorkville, he was standing on the pavement in the violet dusk, evidently waiting for someone. She saw his face light up as his eyes met hers, and he stepped up to meet her.  "I--I was jus' waitin' for Gus Spen- cer--y'didn't see him anywheres up- stairs, did you?" he stammered.  She laughed merrily.  "Gee, Johnny, you're a razzle-dazzle!" She hitched her fox piece more snugly round her neck. "As if you didn't know that when the minute hand steps on five o'clock, the only thing about Gus ye c'd see is the corpses he's leaving behind him as he goes battling through the crowd to make that Lenox Avenue special." She slipped her hand through his arm. "C'm on, Chubby, take me to the sta- tion!"  So, having it made easy for him, he escorted her to the Subway station. To- gether, they fought their way to a ticket window; but quick as he was, she was before him with her nickel and he pushed after her across the crowded platform and into a train as packed as a freshly filled slot machine. He was pressed close against her; and at each succeeding sta- tion the thud of another desperate wedge of homegoing Harlemites squashed them still nearer to each other. Unconscious- ly, he strove to stand between her and the impact of each new host. He had the satisfying glow of the protecting male. He felt something like a knight standing between his lady and the press of a rowdy. It was good that he got some satisfaction from this, because from their talk, small benefit could have been derived by either of them. What there was of it was mostly gasps and smoth- ered imprecations; yet Chubby was treas- uring each word and groan that Hatty     uttered, as something semi-sacred and beatifically private. Suddenly she turned.  "Say, wasn't that your station?"  He blushed; but a warm thrill of pleas- ure ran through him at her question. She knew where he lived. There was de- licious intimacy about that. He had known it was his station, but he an- swered :  "Oh--eh--wha-wha--I'll be--so it was!" Emboldened he added: "I don't care. I'm seeing you home! Get me?" She looked up at this new assertive Johnny with an appreciative mockery.  "Huh!" she exclaimed. "Y're 'fraid I'll miss my stop?"  He gripped her elbow, which in the jam of the train had long been iden- tified with his floating ribs.  "Don't you worry what I think!"  "Gee, don' you see me gettin' gray doin' that!"  "I'm stickin' t'ye close, little one, like a postage stamp."  "Say, ye don' put much of a price on y'r comp'ny, do ye? You'd have t'be ten of yourself to be worth twenty cents to me or thirty."  "Say, talkin' of price--I could even buy you a dinner."  "An' a movie after?" she mocked.  "The best in the town."  "Lawd! An' me poor old mother waitin' home with the bean soup and the stew."  They were at her station now, and he walked with her up the stairs out into the clear cool Harlem evening. At the corner, she stopped.  "D'ye wan' me to lend y' a nickel to get back on?" she said, hinting his dis- missal.  "It's a fine night for a walk," he an- swered sentimentally.  "Life's too short--ye better get a taxi, and be natural, no matter what the doc- tor's been telling you."  "Listen, Hatty, now--"  "Go on--go on--lot you care if my stew gets cold."