Studies in Saffron  By Thomas Grant Springer  III--"CAN DO--"*    FOO CHOW was one of the hum- blest participants in Armageddon. As in civil life there must be the hewers of wood and the drawers of water, so in war there must be those whose weapon is the pick and shovel, whose part of the glory lies too far be- hind the lines to receive mention.  Foo Chow was one of these. With thousands of his coolie brethren, he had crossed two seas from the Flowery King- dom to play his part in the Foreign Devils' great war. He was of the bat- talion of labor. It was for him to giye his sweat while others gave their blood. Viewed from the standpoint of the heroic, he was not a figure for the casual eye to focus upon. His teetering gait, the result of generations of burden-bearers, his round, placid, inscrutable face, the re- sult of centuries of a stagnant civiliza- tion, seemed to have no outstanding place in the, great martial picture.  He was merely one of the infinitesimal drab threads that Mars had picked up to weave into the background of the gigantic pattern of his greatest tapestry; He and his fellows were as necessary as the army mule but far less picturesque. Imported from far Canton with thou- sands of other Chinese coolies, they worked like galley slaves at anything from stevedoring to acting as camp po- lice for a wage that was no more than our private soldier's pay, and were con- tent without the soldier's bid for glory. Bombed by aeroplanes, shelled in back      areas, sniped at while trench-digging, they toiled on with all the philosophic calm of their kind, braving even the leaving of their bones in a strange, wild land, from which they would never be recovered and returned to mix at last with the dust of their ancestors in the far Flowery Kingdom.  It must be admitted that Foo Chow and his companions had joined the "Most Foreign Legion" from purely mercenary motives. The why and wherefore of the titanic struggle affected them not. It was a Foreign Devils' affair, in which they had but a financial interest. Tar- tar, Manchu, and internal strife their own country had known, and at last a final struggle from which it had emerged a republic; but, through them all, the coolie had passed as a pawn moved by unseen hands. War to them had been the sport of kings and rulers, from the Emper- or to the Taipings. Better the pick and shovel of a Foreign Devil laborer than the sword, pike, or musket of a masterly mandarin whose only pay was the trivial loot of their own people after he had skimmed the cream. Here were rice and tea and mounting pay, so that if one came safely through one might return to a houseboat of one's own on the Yangtze River or the honorable posi- tion of a merchant in a bazaar in one of the crowded, twisted streets of Can- ton City. One must join one's ances- tors some time. Better in an adventure that would win an honorable future than   *Founded on a news item on the London Post. 27