The Silver Lining  By Sam S. Stinson  LITTLE FABLES OF INCONSISTENCY Wherein Is Shown That the Wise Saws Are Generally Equipped With Cross-cut Teeth Love Laughs at Locksmiths, But-- ONCE upon a time, before the High Cost of Living raised its hydra-headed menace in the land, there lived a youth and a maiden named respectively Jack and Jill. In the Theatre of Life, they listened to the clever patter of the little vaude- villain billed as Love, and fell for his stuff. So they were married, and all was as merry as the wedding bells until one day Poverty came in at the door. The door was locked, but that made no difference to Poverty. He came in just the same. By way of a joke, Love jumped through the window. Poverty took possession of the spare room and proceeded to make himself at home. Jack and Jill 'phoned for the Locksmith to come and repair the damage. The Locksmith came with his kit of tools, but, catching a glimpse of Poverty in the spare room, demanded his pay in advance. Whereupon Love stuck his head in the window and burst into roars of laughter. "Ha! ha! ha! Ho! ho! ho!" cried Love. "If there's anybody that can get a laugh out of me, it's a Locksmith. He's funnier than I am." Jack and Jill were overjoyed to see the Locksmith slink away, nor did they know he had merely gone to fetch his gang. But that is just what the miserable gangster did. Presently he returned, reinforced by the Butcher, the Baker and the Candle- stick Maker, all armed with cruel weapons known as Bills. Using these horrible instruments of torture to extract their nefarious toll from Jack and Jill, they beat Love to an unrecognizable pulp while Poverty stood outside to stall off any possible police interference, thus making the world safe for Democracy. Then they all went away to report to their master, the High Cost of Living, making the well-known welkin ring with the peals of raucous mirth. MORAL Love laughs at locksmiths, but--He laughs best who laughs last. THE lure of the unattainable is what makes life worth while. After a man's search is rewarded by finding the ideal woman, she passes him up because she is looking for the ideal man. THERE is nothing so beautiful as sympathy. A woman always feels sorry for a man who has trouble with his wife, unless she happens to be his wife. 105