"Three Old Men"  (Souvenir de Guerre)  By Robert W. Sneddon    "ANOTHER!" said Monsieur Gra- vault the apothecary, as the bursting of a shell broke in upon the game of chess.  "Bigre! That sounded nearer!"  Monsieur Chautard's voice was even thinner than usual, and the hand that hovered over the board trembled.  "Come, come, my friend," Gravault counseled him with a sly twinkle in his eyes, "attention! This is all the battle we are fit for--a couple of old crocks laid on the shelf."  Chautard sighed and lighted his ciga- rette. The process seemed to trouble him, for he hesitated before blowing out the match.  "A comfortable shelf you have, any- way," he said, looking about the room with its heavy hangings, its tall clock, polished floor, and solid, stiff furniture.  "It will last its' time," assented Gra- vault. "After I am gone, my brother, the antique dealer in Paris, will be glad enough to have it. Meanwhile, it is your move. You are slow to-day."  Chautard shifted in his cushioned chair. He turned his eyes nervously to the Venetian blinds through which fil- tered the afternoon sunshine.  "To the devil with the Boche!" he said querulously. "Twenty miles away, and dropping shells on us. Is that war, I ask you? Bah!"  "Ah, let the war alone, Chautard. Think of your game."  "Pardon, Gravault."  Chautard put out his hand and drew     it back with a jerk as the blinds rattled and the chess men danced on the board.  "Sacré nom!" he cried, steadying his elbow on the chair. "Did you hear that one? I swear it struck the church." Gravault carefully replaced a bishop dislodged from his square.  "See. Monsieur the cure is safe enough. You are as nervous as a cat. Look at me. Do I tremble or shake? Am I afraid of death?"  "You are an apothecary," said Chau- tard curtly. "Death means nothing to you."  "Ah, I forgot you only come in after death to read the will. Well, it is not my will you will read, my friend."  "Enough, Gravault!"  Chautard rose to his feet.  "I have the honor to wish you good- day," he added in a furious tone.  "Oh, sit down, neighbor! I meant no offence. Sit down. I'll fetch a bottle from the cellar."  "Much obliged, but I have no wish to be poisoned."  "Poisoned? What has got into your head? Ah, I see--it is shell shock." The two old men glared at each other; Gravault pulling his white beard nerv- ously; the notary screwing up his clean shaven, wizened brown face and drawing in his lips over his nearly toothless gums.  There was an imperative knocking at the door and before Gravault could call out, it was pushed open abruptly and a sergeant stepped across the threshold. He   4--L. S. 47