78 A Night at Jacqueminot's    the stage. The storms' profane hands fell upon the queen's umbrageous garb. Singly, by twos, by threes, the leaves flew from her like frightened swallows, threatening her with nudity. Then, at last, as she bowed her head and masked her face with her hair, darkness fell.  The lights in the dining-room flared up. For an instant there was a silence-- a silence punctuated by a smoldering eye or a reddened cheek here and there. Then came a crash of applause.  "Is this America or Babylon?" asked one of the commissioners, turning to Hughes.  But the minister, with his eyes still fixed upon the stage, seemed not to hear. No one, in the illusive lighting, aided by the gauze screen, could have recog- nized the performer's face. But her voice was the voice of the "Green Hill Far Away."  VI  Three days later, while Hughes was still turning the incredible things over in his mind, Valentine Kemp appeared in his study.  "I am trying to trace a young woman named Aline Post," he began at once, after introducing himself. "Happening in the city. I called at her apartments this morning, only to learn from the janitor that she had not occupied them for several days. None of her effects have been removed. Last Monday eve- ning. the last time the janitor saw her, she left an order for a bottle of milk the next morning. I have come to you rather than the police, remembering that she sang in your church."  Hughes rather nervously shuffled the sheets of his sermon. He scented tragedy.  "You are a friend of Miss Post's?" he asked, sparring for time.  "Lifelong, and of her family's. If any- thing has happened to her, it vitally con- cerns me."     "Nothing has happened that I know of," said Hughes--which was not quite true. "At least, her disappearance is news to me. However, I know of a channel through which we may possibly find her."  They took a taxi for Jacqueminot's. On the way, each conscious of a charged atmosphere, and Hughes loath to reveal what had come to him almost as a con- fession, little was said. But at sight of the great arched entrance to the famous restaurant Kemp shot his companion an inquiring glance.  "Miss Post has been singing here," ex- plained Hughes.  "You're sure of that?" exclaimed Kemp incredulously. "I--I know this place."  "Quite sure." In the vestibule the minister paused and added: "If you'll wait here, I'll look up the proprietor."  "Why not both of us?"  "It is best for me to go alone, I think." Hughes' manner was embarrassed. "There are certain complications. If you will trust me. I'll speak more frankly when I return."  The salon, in which nothing was served before two o'clock, was dusky and stale and without the glare of artificial light, a bit tawdry. Carpenters pounded on the stage. Chairs were piled on tables, and half a dozen charwomen, with mops and buckets, moved cheerlessly about. One of these, speaking broken English, directed the minister to the offices, on the second floor.  André Jacqueminot, though not every- body knew it, had long been dead. His present successors were Hogg &amp; O'Hal- loran, and it was to Hogg's sanctum that Hughes was led by an attendant.  The man looked his name. He was a huge, dropsical caricature of his species --purple-cheeked, red-eared, rheumy- eyed, with a bull neck swathed in triple rolls of fat. He sat as close to a desk as his Gargantuan paunch would permit, and at sight of his caller--whom he