126 White Treasure    came he had never met, or even seen Keene, who kept mainly to himself. Af- ter the wire, which he carefully burned after he had read it, Longfield went out of his way to seek the man.  It was not difficult to strike up an ac- quaintance. One morning Keene missed the check that should have come with his order and spoke to one of the pass- ing graybeards who had replaced younger servants, called to the front: "Boy, bring me the chit."  Longfield was sitting near, reading and covertly watching. The slightly un- familiar word gave him an opening. He rose and approached the engineer.  "Pardon me," he said, "but that form of address sounds good to me and I take the liberty of introducing myself. My name is Longfield--"  Keene glanced at him quickly, was at- tracted by the engaging frankness of the man, and seeing no reason for withhold- ing the information, answered:  "My name is Keene; Christopher Keene."  "And you've lived in the East?"  "So many years that I'm almost a stranger at home."  "My case exactly. Though I have met so many charming people since I came West that it is hardly fair to say I am a stranger. I've lived in the East, too--" and by the East both men knew that New York was not meant, but the great Oriental land of mystery and charm across the Pacific. "It does me good to meet some one who knows what's out there. Did you come across recently?"  "On the Jast T. K. K. boat," was the answer, which was quite true, though of course she had only picked up Keene at Honolulu. "And you? How long since--"  "I think it was about six months ago that I left the Over-Seas Club at Hong- Kong," interrupted Longfield.  "I know the Over-Seas well," said Keene in turn, and reminiscing over common acquaintances and common ex-     periences the two men spent half a morning together. They were ill-sorted physically, yet perhaps because of their very difference they got along amazing- ly, as well as any two men, each re- solved upon maintaining an impene- trable reserve upon certain matters, could get along. It is significant that most of the advances came from Long- field, who used every effort and every art to ingratiate himself with the other.  Miss LeMoyne found Longfield un- usually agreeable about this time. There was an air of excitement about him, a foreshadowing of some coming triumph, which increased her interest in him. She began to consider him seriously. Yet really, save in so far as making the ac- quaintance of Keene was involved, he had made little real progress. For Keene made no attempt to get at Long- field's secret; did not apparently know, or, if he knew, care whether Longfield had a secret or not. And, while he talked freely of his own career and ad- ventures, and exchanged all sorts of reminiscences with his new and agree- able friend, Keene easily avoided com- mitting himself as to the more recent episodes of his career, and his present pressing affairs.  For one thing, certain little happenings had given Keene pause in the acquaint- anship which had been verging on in- timacy. One morning one of the Scho- lastic's attendants had committed some venial fault of service. Longfield's eyes had suddenly flashed with passion. He had half risen from his chair in ill re- strained fury when he caught Keene's sur- prised glance. His face had smoothed at once and he had passed off the dere- liction with some pleasant, pardoning word. . And then the conversation had flowed on. But Keene had seen and he could not forget. Men who lived as he did in momentary peril are accustomed to note even trifles. That was the be- ginning of his suspicion of Long- field.