Roger Hartman 95   I could. I--I think I've decided, Lau- rence. If you want me--"  "If!" His voice shook. Again her sense of power wanned her.  "Then, I think, some day--"  "To-morrow?" He had her hands again, his eyes burning into hers. She laughed delightedly. He was wonderful, she told herself.  "You absurd person! Months and months, at least."  He broke into disjointed pleadings, which she parried cleverly enough. But he beat her down steadily, day by day. She was alarmed, when he had gone, to find that she stood bound to marry him in a month. It frightened her, when she was alone, but the idea thrilled, too. She hadn't expected anything like his old- fashioned intensity. She had looked forward to marrying some agreeable young man who would be quite casual about the whole thing. This sudden blast of passion tempted her even more than it dismayed her. She saw in it only the reflection of herself, her power over a man far older than she, a man who mattered, who had arrived.  Her mother felt it necessary to weep a little at the news, but, though she argued mostly against losing her baby, she was very careful not to quarrel with the date arranged for the loss. Paulding patted Lester's cheek and hugged her lightly, but she knew that he was light- ing a stubborn sorrow below his obvious relief.  "I'll hate giving you to anybody, Les --but Raeburn's about the best there is. He--you'll always know what he is and where he is. I'll feel safer."  As for Larry Raeburn, locked in his bedroom, he was looking straight down into hell. She had meant that he should kiss her; that was why she had touched his hand, why she had come close to him like that, why she had challenged him with that mischievous speech. Somebody had taught her to do those things; some- body had kissed her--perhaps many     somebodies. She was a woman to bring a world of men to her feet. The fire she had lighted in him she must have kindled in every other man who had looked upon her. How many of them had held her--kissed her? ... He started to his feet.  "God!" The word came through his teeth. "Dad was right! I've got the same cursed thing in me that wrecked him. I never guessed--"  He seized his mind relentlessly, as a strong man may sometimes, and forced back the blur of red rage, of explosive suspicion.  "It beat Dad," he whispered, "but it's not going to beat me. I'll fight it out to a finish right here."  He went to bed, at last, reassured. It was a hideous thing, but you could stran- gle it, if you leaped at it the instant it showed its ugly face over your shoulder. He'd settled it, once for all. There was- n't any room in Laurence Raeburn, wait- ing, swept and garnished, for the Seven Devils. His doors were barred and bolted, and he stood on guard behind them.  But the Eighth Devil, retreating a lit- tle, laughed to himself. He didn't need an empty place or a welcome. Let the poor fool think he had won! It would make things easier, when the time came.  II  And so they were married and wholly resolved to live happily ever afterward. Lester made a bride more ravishly ador- able than even Raeburn's forevisions had painted for him. Her mother had man- aged every-thing so there wasn't a jarring note about the quiet little wedding at Saint Godfrey's or the charming little breakfast that followed. The October day had been the distilled essence of In- dian Summer; there was a sky like a hollow pearl and the faint, keen breath of burning leaves On the waft of a gen-