Cyrus Townsend Brady 123    Woods when that equally unexpected meeting took place? Why did he linger on, her frequent visitor?  A less clear sighted person would have answered that she was the polestar of his attraction, but although she was too much a woman not to realize his grow- ing passion she knew it was not that alone. At times he thought it was only she, but he was aroused from that tem- porary self-deception by the arrival of Keene.  It was weeks after he had been landed by the Cambodia at Honolulu for hos- pital treatment that Christopher Keene set foot in San Francisco. He was com- pletely recovered from his wounds, no scar was visible. The deep cut on the head was concealed by his hair. He had shaved off his mustache and beard. Some of the signs of exposure and hard- ship which Barbara had noticed had dis- appeared. The long weeks in the hos- pital had cleared his complexion. There were some things written in his face which would never be erased, but much of his youth had returned.  When Longfield and Keene stood side by side it would be difficult to secure a greater contrast. In no way was Keene handsome. He did not barely escape it, like Barbara LeMoyne; he had no claim to it whatever. His features were harsh, he was even a little forbidding in his ruggedness. But he was strong, clear- eyed, firm mouthed. He was good to look at because one could see courage and determination and honesty in his personality. There was no apparent mystery about him.  No mystery? Certainly no outward and visible one--yet within! The man was a prey to anxiety and disappoint- ment so great as to be almost unbearable. Yet such was his control that no out- ward evidence of the inward struggle was visible.  Longfield possessed that genius for re- pression also, but with a difference. Longfield buried his secrets, whatever     they were, as a blade is sheathed in vel- vet. Keene hid his under a granite rock. One saw instinctively that the velvet hid something. The granite rock only lay where it had been cast by nature and gave no sign of what it hid, or even that it hid anything,  As it happened, the secrets of both men concerned the same thing. Though they knew it not, they were engaged upon the same quest. And in the pursuit of it they were to come in contact with the same woman. But Barbara Le Moyne was quite unconscious of that fact. Longfield had a great advantage, for when she at last met Keene she sup- posed she had never before seen him. Yet she was vaguely conscious that he reminded her of something or somebody. The reminder was so faint, however, that she presently forgot it.  Keene was seeking a woman -- a woman he did not know, whose name he had never heard; a woman whom he felt sure he could not recognize even should he find her. That she had been at one time on the Pacific Coast; that she was young and efficient; that she had the whitest neck and arms; that she had helped him--these made up the totality of his recollection. Not much on which to build a hope. Few facts on which to base a search. Yet he must find her.  He did not love her. Oh, no. But through her, and through her alone, could he achieve a certain design to which he had given himself wholeheart- edly. In the attempt to bring about that ideal he had suffered and struggled amazingly. He had performed the in- credible. Through difficulties inexpres- sible, over unknown lands, and across trackless seas with a single comrade of his race he had reached his goal. Step after step of the journey had been marked with the blood of men. He had lost his best friend on the way. And now, failing the discovery of the woman, or a miracle, he was halted on the verge of success. Miracles did not happen in