Alice-Sit-by-the-Radiator  By Edwin Justus Mayer    "I SHALL get you a servant to-day, I if it--if she costs one hundred dollars a month!" Jones told his wife, his young wife, in the fiercest of accents and with the most benevolent of looks. Having delivered himself of his intentions as a good husband should, he kissed his wife on her lips, on her young lips, and strode out of the house with all the dignity it is possible for a man to assume when he carries an um- brella under his right arm and is in a hurry to catch the eight-twenty-five.  At five o'clock that evening, he tri- umphantly returned with Alice, who had asked only fifty dollars a month.  Alice was small--petite is the word, I think--and she had fine, exquisitely curved lips--red lips, they were; and she had other accomplishments, among them, two blue eyes the exact color of the lamp shade in the Jones' parlor, and a very blue lamp shade it was. Also, she had fair skin and white hands, and as you can see at once, she looked much more like a maid in a Sardou play, like the one that is dusting the furniture when the curtain goes up, than like an honest-to-inefficient-maid-presum- ably-of-all-work, receiving the insidious sum of fifty dollars a month for her services. As Mrs. Bellers (Mrs. Bellers was the mother of Mrs. Jones, not the mother of Mr. Jones) said: "A few years ago she would have been glad to come for sixteen a month." Very likely she would have been.  When Alice was alone at last in her room on the top-floor, her first sensation was one of chilliness. She was cold,     and curiously enough, she was lonely although there was a whole houseful of people below her. Nevertheless, she sat disconsolately on the edge of her bed and looked about her. The size of the apartment did not permit any far gaz- ing, any more than the earth permits man to look far when, like Alice, he is young and curious and hot and cold at once. She felt like some one just born, thrust onto a circumscribed earth from remote and freer worlds. Her mental orbit, she felt, must henceforth swing within these four bare walls and no further. Every moment that she sat on the edge of the bed, the walls grew nearer to each other, or seemed to do so.  This was all a great pity, for Alice had once loved the fairies and believed in them; and while she was wiser, now that her childhood lay behind her, she had always a haunting doubt telling her that there really are fairies on earth, or at least one fairy, a good fairy. But what fairy, good, bad or indifferent ever came up to the top floor?  Alice was so cold by this time that she slipped over to the radiator and sat down on the floor and leaned against the one warm, and therefore friendly, thing in the room. After a while, she ceased sobbing--at least, she ceased when she fell asleep.  "This morning," said Mrs. Jones sotto voce to Mr. Jones at dinner, "she ruined the eggs. At lunch she burned the liver. And look at the chicken!"  Her worse half dutifully looked and saw at once that harm had been done to that bird. It did not look healthy;   57