The Marriage of Jones  By Holly Edwards  CHARACTERS  General Bob Jones, a young soldier of fortune. Wong, his Chinese servant. Violet Hope, a girl from Home.   SCENE:--A room in the house of General Bob Jones, in a Chinese city. Doors at right and left, window at back. Small table, with papers and writing materials, right centre. Taboret at back, holding brandy decanter and glasses. High-backed armchair beside it at left. Two chairs right and left of table, right centre.  The whole room is typically Chinese, but strewn about are various articles which proclaim the nationality of the owner. A small American flag is draped over one of the doors.  At the rise of the curtain, the stage is empty. Almost immediately, Wong enters, right. Evidently he has been drinking, for he is none too steady on his feet. He looks cautiously around and goes to taboret. Takes up decanter and pours some of the brandy into a glass. As he starts to drink, General Bob Jones enters, left. Bob sees Wong, strides across stage, seizes him by the shoulder and whirls him around. Snatching the glass from Wong's hand, he sets it down on taboret.      Bob (angrily)  You thieving Chink, you, how many times have I told you to keep away from that brandy? If you don't let that de- canter alone, I'll skin you alive and nail your yellow hide to the door!  Wong (in a conciliatory voice) Mister Bob no get mad. Wong cele- blating Chinese Lepublic Day. Wong flee man now--all same Melican. Do as like. Celeblate.  Bob (giving him a shake) Well, you needn't celebrate with my brandy. You can't do as you like with     that. If you want to Fourth of July, go out in the street and yell and shoot off firecrackers with the rest of the maniacs. They'll be at it pretty soon. Wong Yes. Parade- fireworks. Make heap hell of a noise. Mister Bob no get mad. Bob I will if you don't hustle up and cook my breakfast. And see if you can do a decent job for once in your life. Your blamed old government hires me to come over here and reorganize the army, and then you try to kill me with your poison-  57