Henry Payson Dowst 23    had been at its numerical peak, when Polenka had not seen that all had enough to eat, warn clothes, good beds. He had done well.  "I hope Anna'll keep the fellows away from her a while," said Mrs. Polenka. "Not mnch chance, I guess; but she's dif- ferent."  "Yes," said Polenka. "I'd miss her the worst of any of 'em. She's different; that's true. She's got brains, Anna has. Maybe she'll marry some rich feller."  "Yon cant tell. She's odd. She reads books, lots of books. She don't much go to movies, like the others do. Often I look at her and wonder what is she's thinking of, she's so quiet."  "A good girl," said Polenka. lighting his pipe.  "A good girl," repeated Anna's mother. "If she does marry, I hope she gets a husband that will treat her nice. If he didn't. I'd be sorry for her."  "Maybe some one would need to be sorry for the husband." replied Polenka grinning.  That night when Joe Strickland had gone angrily away, Anna climbed the stairs to her room. Under even her light tread, the stairs creaked dismally. The night was hot and the house stuffy.  Anna disrobed slowly, sitting on the edge of her bed. Her dresses, hanging on chairs or on hooks along the wall, some snapshots of her friends, an infirm tennis-racket tied with a bow of blue rib- bon over the bureau, three or four school flags-- these gave the room a certain in- dividuality. Anna had shared it with her most recently married sister. The furniture was of ash, with a great deal of the varnish gone. Such as it was, there was enough. On tire rocking chair lay a cushion, a trifle dingy, embroidered with the letters standing for Tudbury High School.  When Anna lighted the gas and took off her clothes and put on her nightgown, she surveyed the room with a queer mix- ture of emotions.     In spite of the fact that this had been her bedroom for some years, she had never cared much for it. Vaguely there stirred within her a sense of the com- monplaceness of this room. She had never been contented in it. Her sister, who had married Jim Broom, was now living in a house that differed from the Polenka domicile only in the matter of newness. Anna did not want to marry a man who would give her nothing bet- ter than this. Her mother regarded her daughter's room as bordering upon the luxurious; but Anna was sure that, if she chose the right husband there were elegancies to which she might reasonably aspire, and of which her mother had but slight conception.  A phonograph playing the latest dance record did not satisfy Anna's craving for melody. A lithograph of a very red cow drinking green water out of a brook on the banks of which pink daisies grew in wild profusion, was somehow lacking. Having been brought up on this sort of thing, the girl should have become habitu- ated to it; but she never had.  She was filled with discontent. She felt both ungracious and ungrateful, and would not for the world have allowed her parents to know she was anything but perfectly happy. Nevertheless, she did not intend to marry into another home like her father's.  Joe Strickland was a freight clerk at the Tudbury railroad station. He was not only clerk. He assisted at certain times of the day in unloading cars of commodi- ties, a task which wore callouses on his hands and sometimes tore his clothes. Joe was good-looking, jovial, rather domineering; and his pay, was three dol- lars a day. To Anna Polenka, three dol- lars a day meant a small rented house, cheaply farnished and garishly orna- mented, like her own or that of her sis- ter.  Joe loved her, of course. But Steve Rivers, who worked in the Tudbury National Bank, got twenty-five dollars a