Roger Hartman 91   other people's dinners did not attract him. Dancing was a silly waste of time. He had an associated antipathy for these things, growing out of the ease with which they had precipitated those ugly quarrels between his parents. Nearly al- ways his father's banked fire of jealousy had burst into flame after some dinner- party or dance. Larry, without realizing why, kept away from them. In the nat- ural course of things, he should have grown old slowly without changing his ways, a self-sufficient bachelor, wrapped in business and books. Yet, when he woke on his thirtieth birthday, a sudden terror came on him, a cold, shuddering horror of age and loneliness, of the total extinction which childless men face as the years draw down. He saw his life suddenly as if it belonged to another man, as if it were a finished, completed object.  "I've got to do something," he told himself, as he dressed. "I'll be old be- fore I know it--old and alone. This won't do."  The thought lingered with him through the day, an undertone below his shrewd processes of business meditation. It came home with him to his empty house that night, stared at him across his silent din- ner-table, followed him into the library and intruded itself before the page of the sober book he tried to read.  "Old and alone," it warned him; "old and alone . . . old and alone!"   He put down the book and paced the room restlessly. He mustn't let this [m]ood grow on him; why, thirty was [y]outh, almost boyhood! It was all non- [sen]se. If he were fifty, now. . . . He [h]ad a sudden flashing picture of himself [a]t fifty, and the cords of his throat tight- ened. Old and alone. . . . It drove him out, at last. It followed [hi]m, mercilessly, as he walked briskly [aw]ay from the sombre silence of the dig- [n]ified backwater in which he lived, seek- [in]g instinctively the meretricious com- [pan]y of lights and crowds. He walked     along a thronged pavement, glaring with the unreal luminance of multiplied incan- descents, a deep score between towering walls against which complex electric ad- vertisements shrieked and capered for the casual eye. There was no comfort in the roar of traffic, the pressure of alien shoulders, the snatches of speech, the laughter and frowns that were no affair of his. Rather, the spectacle of so much in which he had no smalles share ag- gravated his self-pity. He let himself be buttonholed by a sidewalk ticket-seller, a gross, repellant, presumptuous animal who pawed him affectionately and yam- mered about a seat he would sell at a dead loss--"because it's you, brother!"  It shamed Laurence Raeburn to realize that the fellow's affectation of interest in him was actually welcome. He was pleased to find himself an object of even such attentions. The reaction intensified his sudden consciousness of his loneli- ness. A man who was pleased because a smirking speculator fawned on him--! But he had already bought the seat, and an inborn sense of thrift forbade his wasting the price of it. He glanced at the bit of card, looked along the stutter- ing signs, and identified the theatre to which it promised admittance. He hard- ly ever went to such affairs, but it would be better than nothing, perhaps. He moved deliberately toward the sign. Af- terward, he was able to convince him- self that he had been vaguely conscious of an inner, unexplained excitement, as if he neared a crisis in life. It is ab- surdly easy to confuse coincidence with destiny. The best and the shrewdest of us fall into that same error.  "Just think," sighs the waitress, ec- static over a twenty-five cent movie and an intricate confection of syrups and fruits, "if you hadn't of came to my table that day, we wouldn't ever of knew each other! It looks like we was meant to--"  It is the most human of all fallacies, this sentimental post hoc propter hoc.