Cyrus Townsend Brady 125   Malays stood about, watchful and silent.  The fog, had prevented him from get- ting an observation before he made that landing. He did not know upon what part of the shore his keel had grated. And then came the mutiny, the battle on the river bank. Po-Yanpen and Wan- Amari, taking advantage of his natural feeling of elation at the success of the achievement and the consequent failure of that eternal vigilance which is not only the price of success in high adventure, but of life also, had struck him down. Seymour had not been there to divide the watch.  He remembered everything up to the moment in which the cupidity of the semi-savages, who only reasoned that what had been hidden with such care must be valuable, had struck with sudden desperation to secure it. After that, he could recall only a ministering woman. But the place of it all had gone from him utterly. Rack his brains as he might, nothing but her presence came to him. A face seen dimly, unrecognizable, a white neck, two white arms, a kissed palm--God! It was maddening. She must be found. She must tell him. She must show him the way.  Ill  Although Keene had not lived in San Francisco for years he had kept up his membership in the Scholastic Club. Most of the men he had known in former days were gone, but some remained, and naturally he found there his only ac- quaintances. He made the club his home while he replenished his shattered fi- nances from some early and fortunate investments and decided upon his next move. He considered and discarded many plans, and he rapidly regained his former health and energy. Finally he decided either to charter a launch and go up the coast examining every inlet or river mouth in the hope that one of them would quicken his recollection, or to go     inland, search for her camp and take his departure from it. Certainly women such as she would be rare aud perhaps not so difficult of discovery. He had an indefinable feeling that she was no rude daughter of the wilds, but the educated, refined product of the city. For that reason he went about San Francisco con- stantly on the alert, scrutinizing every woman with his somewhat bold and very direct glance in the hope that happy chance might provide him with a clue. And of course in vain. The long arm of coincidence did not stretch that far. He met no one who in the least degree sug- gested her.  And he was in a great hurry too. Time was vital. He could not wait. His country's need and his own desire for active service, which few could render better than he, made every hour of the utmost importance.  Longfield, also, was in a hurry. He was on the point of leaving San Fran- cisco, despite the rather halting progress of his love affair, because of the press- ing nature of his business. He did not wish to go. He had an energetic and capable man's horror of loose ends. He liked to finish every task, and with Bar- bara LeMoyne still unwon that endeavor could in no way be considered completed. But his superiors were imperative. After all, a little absence might be useful in enabling him to decide upon the depth and permanence of his feelings. His was a hazardous profession, for all its seeming quiet, but if he loved her after he parted from her he would manage somehow to come back. He had already done good service to his cause. He would be entitled to some consideration. His trunks were packed; he was ready to make his farewells to her and go when he met Keene at the club. That meet- ing and a cablegram he had just received changed his plans.  He had been properly introduced at the Scholastic Club and had made many friends. As it happened, until the cable