58 The Marriage of Jones    ous cooking. Get a move on, now; these early drills give me an appetite like a shark. (He unbuckles his belt, turns to taboret, lays belt and revolver down on it.) Is there any mail for me?  Wong One. (Crosses to table right centre, takes up a letter, and hands it to Bob, who looks at the address.)  Bob (in disgust, throwing letter down on table again.) This isn't for me, you fool. It's for the Reverend Algernon Jones that psalm-singing hypocrite of a missionary!  Wong So? His name like yours. Have same ancestors, maybe?  Bob I should say not! if I had, I wouldn't admit it. Thank Heaven, he's no relative of mine! If he were I'd feel obliged to assassinate him for the honor of the family. When I think of the real mis- sionaries out here, the earnest workers who are doing good, hampered by that spineless dub of a grafter, I'm tempted to kill him, anyway. And I'll bet the people that sent him here think he's a tin saint. Gee, he's a slick one! I may be a soldier of fortune, but I'm hanged if I'd stoop to the things he does.   Wong (nodding wisely, although he has not understood the half of what Bob has said) Soldier no stoop. Soldier palade today, (Hopefully.) All soldier palade to-day, Mister Bob?  Bob (emphatically) They do not! My command stays in barracks. There'll be quite enough noise without 'em. (Wong looks greatly dis- appointed. Bob turns and picks up letter from table again, studying the address.) A girl's handwriting--and postmarked San Francisco--home! Probably it's from the woman who's coming out to marry Algy Jones. I'm sorry for her-- but she can't amount to much if she'd pick him for a husband. (He sighs pro- digiously.) Heigh-ho! I wish some of     the girls I used to know would write to me. I'd give a year's pay to see just one girl from home. (He stands for a mo- ment with bowed head, his eyes fixed un- seeingly on the letter. Then he tosses it back on the table, recovering himself with a jerk. He speaks suddenly and loudly.) Wong, what the devil are you waiting for? (The glass which Wong has just started to raise again to his lips falls to the floor with a crash.) Con- found you, you yellow heathen!  Wong (spreading out his hands with an ingratiating smile) Mister Bob no get mad. Chinee free now. (With somewhat uncertain defi- ance.) Do as like!  Bob I shouldn't advise you to try it around here! Now get a move on. I'm going to get cleaned up, and after breakfast you take that letter over to Algy. (He speaks the name with ironic emphasis. He crosses and exits, right. Wong watches him cunningly and then turns back to the taboret. Takes another glass, fills it, and sits down in armchair, slipping low, so that his head is out of sight. There is a knock on door left. Wong does not hear. Another knock. Still Wong pays no attention. The door opens, and Violet Hope enters. She is a very pretty girl, with yellow hair and big blue eyes. She stands just inside the doorway, looking into the room.)  Violet (clasping her hands ecstatically) And so this is Algy's home--my home to be! I wonder where he is--dear, dear Algernon! (Wong's round face appears over the back of the chair.) Oh. there's his servant! (Wong wriggles out of chair and stands up.) Is Mr. Jones in?   Wong (moving toward her with rather unsteady steps) Mr. Jones dlessing.  Violet Please tell him I'm here, (She closes the door behind her and moves down to centre of room.)