The Dollar  By Vincent Starrett     SEXTON cynically tossed his hand into the discard, and rose to his feet.  "I didn't fill," he said, "and as I hap- pen now to be broke, it is impossible for me to lose any more money."  "Like a little loan, Billy?" Fortune carelessly shuffled a handful of green bills, and grinned wickedly at his friend.  "Not for play," replied Sexton. "You pirates have all of my money you're going to get, this week. You can lend me a dollar, if you will, though; I haven't even carfare."  Fortune selected a crisp one dollar bill from the sheaf in his hand, and tossed it across the table.  "Sexton's too wild," remarked Kin- ross, when the unlucky player had left the room. "He lacks judgment. He ought to be made to walk home, once or twice; it would teach him a lesson."  "He'll walk, all right," grinned For- tune significantly.  "Eh?" The table looked mildly in- terested.  "That was a phoney bill I handed him," chuckled the lender. "He may pass it, of course, not knowing it to be bad; but nobody but a blind man would take it."  "He may get himself pinched," re- monstrated Kinross.  "Serve him right!"  The other newspaper men at the table grunted approval. Popular as Sexton was, the notion of his arrest appealed, subtly, as something of a joke. The game was resumed. It was just two o'clock in the morning.     Sexton, after leaving the Press Club, headed for the nearest car line. He cursed himself roundly for having lost his week's wages; but the emotion was transitory. In a moment, he profoundly congratulated himself on having thought to borrow the dollar. The night was dis- agreeable, and walking home would have been an unpleasant and wearying task.  As he approached Wabash Avenue, head bent against the blast, a form moved in the deep shadows of a shop doorway. A sob succeeded the movement; then there was a sharp, intaken breath as the reporter stopped.  "What's 'strouble?" Sexton inquired professionally.  A girl detached herself from the shadows; a white face was raised to his. Neither hope nor curiosity was in the glance.  "What is it?" asked Sexton again, im- patiently. "Can I help?"  "No--thank you," replied the girl.  The low voice was that of a gentle- woman.  "Look here," said Sexton persuasively, "don't be afraid. I'm a newspaper man, and I'm used to talking to strangers. I hear more trouble every day than you ever had. Sometimes I can help. Let's hear about it!"  The girl had stopped crying.  "You say you are a reporter?" she asked nervously.  "Times-Star," said Sexton proudly.  She looked at him more closely.  "I am going to give you something to write about," she suddenly announced.   11