Henry Payson Dowst 31   "Stanley, dear!" she cried; and in- stantly she was in his arms.  "Mumsy, little Mumsy! I'm so glad to see you! My, aren't you a wonder! You look about twenty-five. No one could believe you were the mother of a great cub like me."  It was true. The woman seemed the personification of eternal youth. She retained a sweet girlishness of expres- sion, and years had not impaired the slenderness or grace of her figure. She was clad in a gown of some dark ma- terial, silken and rather clinging. At sight of her one instantly recognized in her garments a nice feeling for fash- ion, that took from prevailing modes those effects which best suited her and somehow improved them by her adapta- tion.  "You are a wonder," cried Stanley, holding her at arm's length. "None of the débutantes have anything on you for looks, Mumsy girl."  "Don't be silly, dear. I'm thirty- eight."  "No one would believe it."  "Nora said you had come. I was reading-"  "Yes; I told her to tell you. I wanted to freshen up a bit. They let me off the bridge job a week sooner than I'd expected, so I hustled East to surprise you. Let's sit down and get things up to date. How've you been?"  "Fine, as always, dear boy. Tell me, did you make good? And do you like your profession? Is it going to keep you interested?"  "Marvelous! Most interesting profes- [si]on in the world. Yes, I think I did [m]ake good. I'm to report downtown at [th]e firm's New York office for a new [as]signment right away. They're even [ta]lking of sending me to China on a big [ra]ilroad construction job."  "Oh, honey! So far? When you've [ju]st got back?"  "Orders are orders, old dear. Besides, [th]ink of the experience! It's great, be-     ing sent all over the world. The firm's so decent to me, too. I'm the only twenty- year-old engineer they have, and they hand me responsibilities some of the older chaps would give their shirts for."  "It's spendid, Stan, splendid. I'm so proud of you! But it you go to some far-away place--well, I think I'll close the house and leave town. I think I'll buy a little farm and have some chickens, and just live a peaceful, old-lady exist- ence back in the country."  "Don't be absurd, Mumsy. Still, that farm idea isn't so bad. When I come back, maybe I'll have a wad of money, so I can settle down with you and be your farm superintendent. As an engineer, I could at least lay out a water supply and keep your fences in repair."  "Small hope of that, boy. You'll never be contented to settle down--until you marry; and I hope that won't be so very soon."  "How are you getting on, Mumsy? I've nearly a thousand dollars saved from my salary that I've no use for. Do you have money enough for everything you want?"  Mrs. Gage looked sharply at her son.  "Why, Stanley, what an idea!"  "Well, I didn't know. Living costs a lot, and I was a big expense to you while I was in technical school. I've some- times wondered if the money Father left was enough. You won't have to worry after another year or two, because I'll probably be making barrels one of these days. Just now I'm not much help; but I want you to know I realize how splen- did you've been, and that I do feel a lot of responsibility, especially if--"  "How you talk, Sonny mine! There isn't the slightest need of your worrying about me. I've plenty, dear."  She spoke with such emphasis that the boy was quite convinced. But in her soul the beautiful Mrs. Gage knew that things were not as she had pictured them. Stanley's education had cost her thou- sands of dollars. The Fifty-fifth Street