Ferdinand Reyher 71    say--‘I love you, Hatty!'" In an iron hold that was expressive of a new, un- recognizably masterful Johnny Lamb, she was drawn almost fiercely to him, and he kissed her. For a long minute, she felt held from the ground, and then as her toes touched the pavement again, he sud- denly released her, and in an ecstasy of panic, he turned and fled.  That was Johnny Lamb's real farewell to Hatty. She saw him the next day when he came to say good-by to his friends in the office; but almost shame- facedly he avoided her; the incurable and genuine shyness that was characteristic of Johnny Lamb having, in the meantime, visualized all manner of indignations in the mind of Hatty, which that highly sophisticated young Gothamite certainly never felt. As a matter of fact, she was actually piqued that he made no fuss over her in the office as he shook hands and said good-by. Foolish Johnny Lamb, he could have kissed her again; because in the first place, kisses, as kisses, meant nothing vastly significant to Hatty. In the second place, all the movie actresses and society girls in canteens and enlisting booths had made kissing potential dough- boys an act approximately as thrilling as a handclasp. The office would have laughed and made near-witty remarks--and there, as far as the public was concerned, the matter would have ended. The kiss he had given her the night before, had really stirred something in the deeps of Hatty's apparently frilly little soul. It was not like other kisses; she still thrilled to it. And now--  "Good-by, Hatty, I'll write ye," said Johnny.  "I'll bet all the words you'll send me'll give yo' writer's cramp," she answered.  "Will you write as many?"  "If I don't I'll knit ye a pair o' straw- berry socks."  "S'long!"  "Fare thee well, my darling boy."  So Johnny went to a Southern camp, spent his first leave of absence in quar-     antine with mumps, and his second in quarantine with measles, and shortly after recovering, sailed for France from a southern port on the well-known Atlantic, without reappearing in New York. Hatty received eight letters and a post card from him; answered the first two faith- fully and in corresponding length, and cheated cruelly on the others, owing the lad when he left something like a thou- sand words of neglected reply. She got his photograph--photograph of Corporal John Raleigh Lamb--when he was on the high seas and at the moment when he was pitching in a coquettish storm, indiffer- ent to her, indifferent to life itself, the needs of France, war, love--anything ex- cept the gyrations of a stomach which had never been brought up to be a sailor. Had he known at that moment, he would have been miserably indifferent to the very slight thrill his photograph evoked in her; he wouldn't have cared had she torn it across. But fortunately he knew nothing of the fact that the picture of Corporal John Raleigh Lamb shared an unimportant place on her dresser behind a can of powder, a vanity case, and a jar of cold cream, with three other youths in khaki, her cousins and Freddy Mawser, whom she had always known without ever having been elated to any pitch of fervor by it. For when Johnny was sail- ing the high seas and hating life with the terrible hatred of a rebelling stomach, Hatty was sailing on a strange, exciting sea of personal adventure; a sea upon which, however, the wraith of Johnny Lamb's one fervent kiss occasionally fell like a reminding shadow.  II  In the spring of 1919, Johnny Lamb returned to New York on a troopship wel- comed by aldermen and a committee, the formation of which had caused more con- troversy than the League of Nations. He had lolled about France for almost a