100 The Eighth Devil    speak of it, disguising her reference un- der a thankfulness wholly insincere.  "Larry dear, you're ever and ever so much better about--about your jealousy. I--I've been meaning to thank you."  He smiled lazily.  "Pure mental science, Les. I've been giving myself regular baths in it, building up resistance on a solid fact-foundation. You see, if I know it's absurd to suspect, and keep telling myself so, when there's nothing suspicious in evidence, it helps me over the bad moments when some lit- tle circumstance might set me off. I know you aren't a bit interested in any- body else; I know exactly who your friends are and how you spend your time. And I know you, too. That's the main thing. When I'm sane, I know that you're everything that's honest and clean and fine. I keep that right in the front of my mind, all the time. And when I see red, I can snatch at the truth and hold on tight till I've battered the devil back into his den. See?"  She saw rather too clearly. He was curing himself, after all, by this rear- entrance scheme of undermining suspi- cion before it existed. He was settling down to a stodgy, middle-aged certainty of her that would certainly end by kill- ing the instinct of jealousy in him. And she didn't want it killed; she had come, by now, to think of it as the one sure way of keeping alive the devotion on which she had learned to lean so heavily. Jealousy, of Larry Raeburn's sort, was distinctly a matrimonial asset. It meant that life couldn't relapse to the dead monotone of humdrum, take-it-for-grant- ed placidity; there would be stimulating heights and giddy depths, so long as he did not utterly stamp out the madness.  It was her fault, of course. No won- der he was sure of her. She had made it absurdly evident, all along. She had been particularly careful never to give him the least real foundation for the sus- picions she had so laboriously inspired. Her fear of a possible public scene had     kept her from risking the innocent friendships with other men in which most of the married women she knew were continually beguiling their boredom. Naturally his suspicions were absurd when he sat down deliberately to examine them. She veiled her eyes so that he might not see the disappointment in them.  "I'm glad you're so sensible, Larry. I've tried terribly hard to avoid even the appearance of evil--always. It--it's my reward."  He kissed her. It was a husbandly kiss, a tolerant, friendly affair, as pas- sionless as a potato. And she watched him submerge contentedly, in a ponderous book. Her brain was busy with a new idea.  "He mustn't be too sure of me--ever," she told herself. "I've got to change that--right away. It--it ought not to be too difficult."  The Eighth Devil hugged his sides.  IV  From the day of that latest discovery, Lester Raeburn began to cultivate very carefully the semblance of evil. She had cleverness, of sorts, and used it to excellent effect in her preliminary medi- tations on ways and means. A duller woman would have lessened suspicion by dividing it; Lester centred on one man, and she chose him rather cleverly as be- ing the most likely type to enrage Larry, a man whom he disliked personally and whose habit and view and personality were all diametrically opposite to his own.  Murray Jessop was a careful idler; he shunned effort in all shapes as sedulous- ly as some men avoid temptation. He drifted, but he was exceedingly thought- ful about the current that carried him, taking indolent pains to be sure that it should not drag him into rapids or over falls. He played with life in warm, friendly shallows, resigned to leaving to