124 White Treasure    amid half a dozen enemies did not require extra lashings. They could never release themselves unaided. The two men told off to guard the prisoners were behind Von Langfeld. The others were already moving away according to orders. Bar- bara backed close to Keene, who was nearest her.  "Not now, not before--" she cried, with well simulated reluctance. As she spoke, she put her hands behind her.  Keene was almost blind with rage. What was Von Langfeld about? Demp- sey had no such reason to obscure his vision and cloud his judgment. He saw the flash of a knife in the girl's hands and he straightened up and touched Keene quickly with his foot, the loose lashing giving him a certain freedom of motion.  Instantly Keene understood. His hands were in front of him, his arms held to his side by his own waist belt, which had been buckled about them. His fingers closed over the knife. And which was the more precious to him, the weapon or the knowledge that she knew the truth, he could scarcely say.  She smiled at Von Langfeld as she re- leased the knife. He thought the smile was for him and, stepping forward, caught her in his arms. The men behind him turned away with a consideration begotten perhaps of the thought that their master might not care to have his love making observed.  "Now!" cried Von Langfeld as he drew her to him, finding her strangely yielding to his embrace. She had sur- rendered herself to Keene's embrace a few nights before, but this yielding was different. Then it was spontaneous, de- spite herself; this was calculation. "Be- fore them all," continued Von Langfeld, bending to kiss her and thinking how doubly sweet would be that kiss wiith Keene looking on.  But betwixt lip and lip there is many a slip, as he was to learn. With incredible quickness and equal courage, Barbara,     with her free hand whipped out the pistol from the holster of the utterly unsuspi- cious German, and, pressing the barrel hard into his stomach as she did so, cried out:  "Hands up!"  It would have been better if she had pressed the trigger without a word. For a moment he stood motionless. Keene had cut Dempsey's bonds, and the sheriff had seized the knife and done him the same service. As Keene stooped to cut his feet free, he heard Barbara's trium- phant cry. So did Von Langfeld's other men. They turned. But before they could draw a weapon, Stevens' pistol got the first. He stepped out from behind a tree and covered the others. At the same time, he threw Barbara's pistol to Dempsey, and the three remaining Ger- mans being helpless, Barbara stepped back and handed Von Langfeld's pistol to Keene.  Before he could take it, the big German awoke to action. The game was not lost; there were two men still with him. Two were running back toward him down the path; the man going down to the shore had stopped and turned at the sound of the shot. They were, or soon would be, six to three and one woman. Von Lang- feld was a two-gun man. He took ad- vantage of the second in which Keene permitted himself to look at Barbara to spring back and sideways.  "For the Fatherland!" he shouted, drawing his second weapon. "I'll get you, anyway!" He leveled his pistol at Keene and pressed the trigger.  The girl, first of all, sensed the danger. She threw herself before the man she loved and was shot down. Then Keene went mad. The rage of the old berserker overcame him. He dropped the pistol and sprang at Von Langfeld.  The latter, unnerved because to him had come in a flash the awful conviction that he had killed the woman he loved, as much as it was in him to love anyone, hastily fired at the man leaping upon him