Robert W. Sneddon 53    with his dog, Musette, at his feet, was amazed to see,the party which drew up.  "Where in the devil did you come from?" he cried as he ran to embrace his brother. "Why did you not send me word? This is Monsieur Chautard, isn't it? And. . . ?" His jaw fell and he puckered up his lips. "Whew! Who is this? You are married, you old ras- cal, and a child at your age! Eh bien, I always said the Gravaults came of good stock. But where is Madame?"  "No, you are making a mistake," pro- tested the apothecary. "This is a little refugee, Victor Florin, the son of one of the villagers. His mother, poor woman, could not be found."  "And his father?"  The antique dealer peered with his short sighted eyes as if expecting to see another man descend from the vehicle.  "At the front. We are looking after the child. But can you put us up for a little? We have no homes now, you know."  Gravault the younger hesitated.  "You are welcome, both of you, that goes without saying, but a child-- Well, I am an old bachelor, it will be difficult. And besides, I do not know how Musette will behave to a child. If she were to bite him, that would be a pretty mess."  He looked from one to the other as if asking their sympathy in his dilemma, then his attention was attracted to Victor, who stared at him with unblinking black eyes that seemed to search into the re- cesses of the perturbed soul of the bachelor.  "Oh, well," he continued hastily, "come inside. It is safer, and I have a fine cellar in case of alarm. Does the child walk? No! Good! I have some valuable antiques I do not want broken. This way, brother. Come, Monsieur Chautard, make yourself at home. We Parisians should be proud to do anything for you who are exiles."  The question which alone had come between Monsieur Gravault, the younger,     and the extension of all the hospitality and kindness which at heart he was de- lighted to dispense, was settled by the two parties concerned, for while the three men were disposing of an omelette, war bread, and a bottle of wine, Victor had been set down on a rug on the floor. Musette, after a cursory sniff at the in- truder, had retired to a safe distance, and head on paws watched him through half closed eyelids. Suddenly Victor, attracted by the fall of a crumb from the table, began to crawl toward it. A low growl came from Musette. She shot to her feet and came forward, silent and menacing. Victor reached out for the crumb and at that moment Musette snap- ped her jaws together with just enough of threat to have stayed an older person. But the imperturbable crawler sat up, and with a pudgy fist, struck the dog on the nose, and added further insult by catching him by a long ear and pulling hard. Musette's back stiffened; then, crouching, she stretched out, her neck, her long tongue shot forth; she moaned faintly and submissively.  "There!" cried the apothecary. "What do you say to that, my brother? Look! This ferocious hound of yours is licking the little one's face."  "Then it is settled," sighed the antique dealer with relief. "After all, I have always maintained Musette was a dog of sense. You can stay here as long as you please, and I shall be glad to have you. It is lonely here now since my old friend Bidoche became a landed proprietor and moved to the country. We can have a game of cards in the evenings in the cel- lar, and as for the little one, there is a poor woman who has just lost her baby, and she will be glad to come in and look after--what is his name?--ah, Victor. A good name. It is near to Victory, and we shall have that next year, thanks to our brave lads and the Allies."  So the bargain was made. Weeks went by peacefully in spite of the ever- present menace of war.