Ferdinand Reyher 81    to begin all over again like a green hand see; an' more'n that--you can't talk 'bout gettin' your old job back, 'cause there ain't no such thing as your old job left, see?"  He merely looked at her.  "Where'd ye study that?" he asked, al- most gently. "There's somethin' in your voice that sounds jus' like that double entry dose o' patent business medicine up in the office named Holling."  She flushed furiously and shifted in her chair.  "More'n that," her voice was higher with determination not to be belittled, "it ain't fair to them what's made a career for themselves now in business; with all sorts o' chances openin' out ahead of 'em; for them to drop right out now like they was just part time substitutes."  His fingers tightened into two hard fists. He leaned his bulk on the table.  "Hatty -- Hatty," he almost com- manded, "you got my job! Give it back to me!"  She looked at him, startled for a mo- ment, and then her fingers, too, curled into a firm little ball.  "Your job!" she excliamed. "Your job! Where d'ye get that notion? Tel- lin' me what to give up! Didn't I earn it, givin' up just as much as you did?"  "Give up as much as I did! What'd you ever stand to lose? Nothing! You've got a father and mother to take care o' you; I got a mother an' kid sister to take care of, and I'm goin' to take care o' you! It wasn't even patriotism that brought you down to the office--it was easy money, an'--'scuse me, Hatty, for men- tionin' it--a helluvalotta nerve! I'm not ever goin' to kick against those wimmen an' girls that've got others to look out for now, holdin' down our jobs; but who'd you ever have to look out for 'cept yourself?"  "I guess you think my career don' amount to anything at all, eh?"  "Your what!" he snorted.  "My--my career!"     "Rats!" he exploded. "Your career! With a thousand men home a day who've been tacklin' doomsday at thirty bucks a month minus, so's you could keep on chewin' gum and powderin' your nose, and you're talkin' 'bout a career, when they're runnin' the streets now lookin' for somethin' to help 'em keep their womenfolks again!"  "I--I ain't no--no baby, you talkin' like this to me!" she stammered, reaching for her gloves and pushing back from the table.  His hand closed over hers and held it with the grip which had held the rifle he had borne for her for sixteen months.  "No, you're not! Not before I tell you one more thing right off the bat, any- how! You an' me's been apart too long, an' it ain't goin' to happin again!" he said in a voice that held her in her chair. "I heard 'bout this job-snatchin' over in France already, an' I wanna put you right, so's you can tell some of your girl friends the story. Beddoes told me up in the office a little while ago that jobs is so thick here that a feller could go out hikin' the offices for one for three months, an' the only thing he'd get would be blisters. You know what's goin' to happen from all this? This is what's goin' to happin--you're goin' to turn a man's army into panhandlers and crooks, an' all round blue hell's goin' to happin, and happin soon!"  His blue eyes flashed with a transcend- ent wrath as he leaned, white and tense, toward her. He seemed to be speaking at her as though she were the Nation, not merely little Hatty Weller; and some- how it shook her as though her soul were caught in a gale, and to her he appeared to grow larger and even threatening.  "It was me--me what cinched your job for you one day up there in the office, when you didn't even have a job, only luck. An' now, you'd have the real laugh on me, wouldn't you, if I wasn't goin' to marry you!"  "Marry me? Why--I--I--you jus'