Dregs  By Elizabeth Burgess Hughes    ROSEMARY had sent for him. That was the one predominant fact in a world of predominant facts. Rosemary wanted--him!  He sat staring at the bit of paper, a scrawl from the attending physician:  Mrs. Magnan will hardly last the night She keeps asking for you. I think you had better come.--Parnell.  And there was an address. To him it had something of the appearance of a message written in a foreign tongue, yet inexplicably legible. It jerked away the veil that he had carefully hung between present and past, and showed the crouch- ing nakedness of those sick, wounded years He had put a curtain thickly be- tween them and him, and left them there to decay of their own spiritual gangrene. But now--Rosemary, helpless and dying, had taken away the screen of her own ac- cord She wanted to see him.  On the hearth a little fire whispered to itself; the room was very still. This quiet, shabby room where he had spent so many lonely hours--it symbolized the failure of his own life; and it had wit- nessed the slow atrophy of his soul, of all that gave a man vitality and the courage to face his morrows. It had not babbled, as a friend might have done; but some- times in the shadows he seemed to see lurking ghosts of his own youth, hear echoing laughter, gay badinage, even a sharp, whispered question from the man that was . . .  Should he go? After all, it would be a kindly thing to do. Possibly she would have come to him had he been dying and     asked for her. He was not quite sure of that, though. He was never quite sure of anything any more.  But he would go. Oh, yes; one did not refuse the requests of the dying. As he rose, searching for his hat and cane, the mockery of the situation struck him, and he laughed out. That quick, shrill mirth in the silent room had the crude sound of merrymaking over a grave. He hushed, shocked and ashamed.  When he opened his door he perceive, in some haunting, subconscious fashion, that the night was beautiful, wonderfully clear and crisp and pure. What an eve- ning it was! Swinburne leaped to the lips, and one thought of the garden of Epi- curus, processions of houris in Valhalla, a rudder set for the heart of the sunset, pale pink orchids, red wine in a crystal goblet. . . . Yet he was going to see Rosemary, who was done with it all. Laughter and love and sun and stars, and the cold lilies and warm red roses that she had adored. ... It hardly seemed possible. She was life itself, resurgent, effervescent, deathless. . . . Rosemary done with the things of earth? He could not believe it! Suddenly the thought came to him that he did not want to see her like that.  But the old habit of considering Rose- mary's wishes paramount reasserted it- self. and he walked quickly onward. For a year he had not known where she lived. He could have asked, but any news of her always brought a sick, deadly sink- ing of the heart that left him weak and upset. Though, without trying, he had heard a great deal!   51