54 "Three Old Men"   "By the by," said Chautard one night after the game of cards, "I have been thinking. I have no one in the world to follow me, and I can not take my money along with me. Suppose I set aside a sum for Victor, eh?"  "You are a good fellow, Chautard," cried Gravault heartily. "I have always said so. Have I not, brother?"  "Nonsense!" cried the notary, but his thin face flushed with pleasure. "I shall make him my heir. As well him as an- other. Only, do not ask me to look after the little animal, that is all. And now I shall go to bed, if you will allow me. Good night, my friends."  After he was gone, the two brothers sat smoking in silence. When Gravault the elder rose to go to bed, his brother spoke as if the idea had just come to him.  "Say, all the same, it is very curious," he said reflectively. "Little animal or not, it is Victor this and Victor that, all the time. One would think the old boy really was his grandfather. Madame Destries tells me she comes upon him daily, amusing the youngster with some sort of a game with a handkerchief. What can that be?"  Gravault the elder scratched his ear. "A handkerchief? Let me see now. Why, that must be the little preacher. A good poilu showed me-- I thought Chautard was asleep, the rascal. I had forgotten about it. Say what you like, there is a heart within that dried hide of his. Only, have you noticed, these last two days he is not himself? He has almost the look of a man with a secret. He starts at a word. He watches the door. What can be the matter?"  "Poof," said the antique dealer as he took up his candle, "he is old, and the cough of big Bertha is bad for the nerves. Nothing more. Pleasant dreams, brother, and no Boche planes."  The next night, Chautard laid down his cards on the table in the middle of the game.     "It is no use. I cannot sleep. What have I done? Poor Victor! I am a monster."  His partners protested:  "Come, come, you are talking non- sense."  "Who could be kinder to Victor?"  But Chautard continued in a dull tone: "Yes, I am to be condemned, and you would condemn me most of all, my friends. Listen! Three days ago, I was crossing the Pont Neuf when a soldier passed in front of me. There was noth- ing extraordinary in that, but no sooner was he past than he turned with a quick look at me as if memory had returned to him. I recognized him. It was Victor Florin."  "The father of little Victor?" cried the antique dealer. "Dame! That was a meeting. But where is he? Why did you not bring him home with you?"  Chautard bent his head. His lean hands smoothed down the cloth on the table till it seemed as if he would rub the skin from his finger tips.  "That is it. I did not. We spoke for a little. He was on leave for a week. He had just reached Paris that day. He was in a daze. He could do nothing but stare at me with fierce eyes, and then"--he moistened his lips--"then, when I was about to tell him of the little one, something stopped me."  "And you let him go without a word?" asked the antique dealer in open-mouthed surprise.  "Yes," answered Chautard simply. He did not look up. "He gave me his ad- dress, and we parted."  "But why--?" demanded Gravault the younger, with increased bewilderment.  "Permit me as your elder brother," the apothecary begged ceremoniously. "There is something strange about this. I don't understand. Why did you not say to Florin: ‘My poor fellow, all is not lost. Come with me and see your son.' Nothing more was necessary. Dieu! The emotion of the meeting