Henry Payson Dowst 27    III  "And if," dictated Mr. Gilchrist, "we find it possible to get sufficient cars, we shall arrange to make the shipment on or about-- Why, Miss Polenka--Anna child--what's the matter?"  Anna had ceased to take notes. She was gazing with a curious fixity at a shiny paper weight on her employer's desk. It was a globe of heavy glass, lined with quicksilver--a spherical mirror, in fact, which gave forth distorted re- flections of everything. Anna had seen it hundreds of times, for Gilchrist had kept it on his desk for years.  Now, however, she was regarding it like a person hypnotized. Her usually full-colored cheeks were pale olive; her lips were parted, her eyes wide-open and staring.  "Anna, Anna!" persisted Gilchrist. "Pay attention; I'm dic-- Say, you're not ill or anything?"  The girl held up a warning hand.  "Don't," she said. "Please--it's Don- ald."  "Donald," repeated Gilchrist. "Don- ald? What about Donald?"  Donald was his son, a boy of about eighteen.  "It turns and turns and turns," said Anna. "No; it's wheels. And there's something--a tree--a telegraph-pole-- Oh!"  She stopped, and seemed to try to tear her gaze from the silvered globe.  Her employer showed marked impa- tience.  "What the devil?" he grumbled. "The child's gone crazy. Say, Anna, this is business hours; no time for rehearsing private theatricals."  "It is Donald, it is! He's all white, and covered with dirt, and there's blood --blood ob his face--"  "What's that?" cried Gilchrist. "What are you saying? What sort of rig- amarole--"  "Wheels and wheels and wheels, and     blood, and a telegraph pole, and a little white house with windows broken out and nobody living in it--and a mail box in front. Oh, what's that name? Bright - man--Brinkerman--"  "Brinkerson--Brinkerson!" cried Gil- christ. "That'll be the old Brinkerson place where the family all died of diph- theria two years ago. Good Lord! Here, Miss Kennedy, Miss Gates, come here, quick! Miss Polenka's fainted. Get her into the rest room and call Doctor White. I've got to go!"  He clapped on his hat and left the office on the run. Out into the factory yard, he rushed, shouting for someone to open the garage doors and the big gates in the enclosure fence. In five minutes he was stopping before the home of his own family physician.  "You'll think I'm loony," he shouted, "coming here and kidnaping you this way--wild goose chase and all that." They went tearing through the suburbs of Tudbury, defying all the local anti- speed ordinances.  "Most uncanny thing that ever hap- pened to me. Don't believe in any such rot; but, my God! suppose it should be true! Suppose Donald had been hurt! Say, Doc, how far would you call it to that old deserted Brinkerson place?"  "Matter of thirteen miles."  "Promise, if nothing comes of this, you'll never tell a human being," said Gilchrist. "Fancy my losing my head, all on account of the crazy vaporings of a girl. I guess her troubles have upset her mind, poor young one. Nice little thing, too. She's the one that Rivers married and deserted--you remember. Then came back to me--mighty spunky- little thing."  Gilchrist, excited, incredulous, wild with anxiety, kept his foot on the ac- celerator, and the runabout bounced mad- ly along the country road.  "Of course there's nothing to it. . . . Great Scott! There's Brinkerson's,