50 "Three Old Men"    helplessly at her smiling face, then nudged Gravault, who was nodding to sleep with fatigue on the bench beside him.  "Heh, grandfather!" he cried, and gave his companion a sly look of warn- ing. "Madame asks how often you feed the child?"  Gravault straightened to attention. "Eh? What is that? Child? Ah, yes!" he sought in his memory for the lore he dispensed in his store to inex- perienced mothers. "Every three hours, Madame, but it is long since he has had anything to eat."  "Poor little mite. Your grandson, m'sieu?"  For a moment, Gravault hesitated. Here was his opportunity to get rid of the burden which he had taken upon him- self. He had but to say no, and he knew he could leave little Victor in hands which would treat him tenderly. He had done his part. He looked over at the upturned face with its black, round eyes watching him with a comprehending cu- riosity, and he felt suddenly ashamed.  "Yes, yes--my grandson," he mumbled hastily. "A fine boy, eh?"  Chautard emitted a low grunt of im- patience, but something in the defiant poise of his old friend's head held him silent.  "Well, here is the bottle, and good luck. You are taking him to his mother?" said the girl.  "Alas, no, Madame. We do not know where she is. Perhaps she is dead."  "What a pity, m'sieu. You are going to Paris? Do you know where to go for aid? You might try the Seminary of Saint Sulpice."  "We are provided for, Madame. Many thanks all the same," said Chau- tard stiffly.  "Pardon. I meant a kindness only. But for the baby. Let me give you this card. Ask for Madame Brochard, the matron, if you need a woman's help. And now--I think I hear your train.     Good-by, messieurs. Good-by, baby. You will find milk at other canteens. No, thanks. A pleasure to do a work of mercy. We must all help."  In the compartment of the stuffy car- riage were two soldiers on leave who were smoking like furnaces. As Gra- vault climbed in with his burden, pro- pelled from behind by Chautard, they took their pipes from - their mouths and gaped.  "Dame!" cried one in a rough voice. "Do you not see, m'sieu, that this is a smoking compartment?"  "Eh ? Whew!" panted Gravault, plumping down on the wooden seat. "Any objection to our company?"  "None, messieurs!" said the other po- litely. "Only"--he pointed with the stem of his pipe--"for a baby, the atmosphere is pretty thick."  "That's right!" muttered Gravault aghast. "Where are your brains, Chau- tard, steering me here?"  "You will remember that I warned you the child would be in our way," an- swered Chautard in a surly tone as he drew out a cigarette.  "Perhaps we had better change," sug- gested the apothecary.  "Too late, m'sieu, we are moving. And time too. One might think they had called out all the young and active loco- motives and left nothing but the old wrecks to pull the trains.  "True for you, comrade, but we are going now," chuckled his companion. "What about our smoke?"  "Why not stick your head out of the window, eh?"  "I am sorry, messieurs," apologized Gravault, "I did not think when I climbed in. I will remove myself at the next station."  "Nonsense, old man," said the first soldier. "Lights out, Pierre."  They knocked the ashes out of their pipes and sat back with folded arms.  Chautard puffed at his cigarette, his eyes upon the low ceiling.