38 The Charlatan    learning the kind of man you are, when you call a decent objection to being in- sulted theatrical."  "Oh, piffle!" returned the man, with foolish impatience. "You're no innocent kid; you're a woman. You're not main- taining an establishment like this one on what the ravens brought Elijah. You've done me several good turns, and I'd like--"  "And to show your appreciation, you come here and humiliate me," interrupted Anna. "You have formed a high esti- mate of your friend Mrs. Gage. Well, I'm going to be generous with you. You're not in your right mind. You're drunk -- inexcusably and offensively drunk. Go away now. To-morrow you'll have remorse, and I certainly hope you have it as you deserve. And don't come back to me for advice, because I'm never going to help you again."  Anna turned and went out of the room hastily, leaving Brownell gaping into the darkness. He stood by the desk, sway- ing a little. Yes, he guessed he must be pretty full. He picked up the opaline globe and contemplated it solemnly. Queer, streaked-looking thing! He re- placed it.  "Guess I've made an ass of myself," he muttered thickly. "Guess I'm a damn fool! Ought to be shot!" He found his hat and left the house, shedding maudlin tears of self-pity.  In her own room, Anna sat by the window, opened to admit the fresh, cool air, which she badly needed, for her face was burning with shame and excite- ment. The miserable significance of this incident spelled itself across her aching brain.  It could not have happened if Ahner Brownell had respected her. The taint of a questionable profession, no matter how adroitly practiced, was inevitable. And, coupled with that fact, were her extraordinary beauty and her inescapable sex consciousness. The man had re- vealed to her not his own unsupported     estimate, but an opinion that must be fairly general.  She was, then, an object of question, of speculation, among men like Brownell. She was a beautiful faker, about whom things might be asked that were not asked about women who led lives of perfect convention, hedged in with protections and domesticities.  Anna reviewed, as dispassionately as she could, her career since coming to New York. At the start she had al- most starved. She had never charged a fee for her advice; but people had been generous with gifts. She had managed this very adroitly; and as she had worked her way toilsomely upward, her caution had increased. For years, she had de- clined these gifts, except in one class of cases.  Men of wealth came to her constantly, seeking from the occult that which their own sagacity sometimes failed to supply. Anna was able to give them advice of immense value--at least, they thought so. When they believed their successes to be due to her help, they rewarded her. These rewards she felt they could well afford to give. Five hundred, a thou- sand, two or three thousand dollars-- such sums were forthcoming from these clients; and upon this revenue alone she lived.  It was a precarious way of subsisting. Still, it sufficed. It would have been ample if Anna's living had been on a more economical scale. But she loved beautiful things, luxitries, servants. She delighted in the association of people who moved in the more exclusive circles. She entertained at her home many who pro- fessed friendship for her. She sparkled in conversation, made a charming dinner companion, attracted clever persons who appreciated her brilliancy.  That there were times when, as at present, her bills were overdue, did not greatly worry her. Something would soon happen to change this condition. She always had faith in the future.