Henry Pay son Dowst 43    me; because if you're a good woman, I'm a good man, and I'm proud of it!"  He gathered her into his arms and kissed her with considerable violence.  "I've been waiting twenty years for this." he said. "You can't blame me if I seem a trifle enthusiastic, eh?"  VII  In spite of the precautions with which Anna surrounded herself in order to guard against intrusion, there was hardly a day on which some stranger did not ring her bell.  These usually came armed with a card or note of introduction from one of her previous consultants, all of whom she had implored to be discreet; and as her "manifestations" of psychic talent were not generally thought to be her means of livelihood, her acquaintances were in- clined to respect her right of privacy. Nevertheless, Anna was inevitably some- thing of an institution; and she was never surprised when people wholly unknown to her sought admission to her house.  Mr. Edgerly Raydon was one of these. He presented a note from that Mrs. Oxnard whose domestic infelicities had led her to seek Mrs. Gage's assistance. This was within a day or two after the appearance of Joe Strickland.  During this time, Anna had been liv- ing in a cloudland of happiness. She had won. No more for her the subtle deceits of a profession she had prac- ticed under cover of subterfuge and social fiction. She had come through fire, puri- fied. She had brought up her boy and made of him a useful, competent citizen, one of whom she could he proud. And now she was considerably less than forty, beautiful, charming, in the very prime of her life, with everything good to look forward to.  So, her heart filled with song, she had notified the discreet and taciturn Miss Brooks that her services would not be     required after another fortnight. She had begun to make arrangements for leaving her house. If she and Joe wanted to spend a winter in New York, they could go to a hotel. Anna informed the agent that she would like to find some- one to take the lease off her hands.  It was now definitely decided that Stanley would sail for China within a fortnight. There was infinite comfort now in the thought that she would be with Joe, and other scenes, building a new and, she hoped, permanent circle of acquaintances.  Such thoughts as these drifted cheer- fully through Anna's pretty head, until the hour when Mr. Edgerly Raydon crossed her threshold. At first, she thought of sending him away; but she disliked to disappoint Mrs. Oxnard, if he were a friend of that much-alimonied lady.  Instead of having the man shown into her study, however, she greeted him in the reception room. She hoped she might persuade him not to insist upon a "seance."  Raydon was a dapper individual, clad fashionably in morning coat with the correct braided edges, furbished forth with a gardenia, and armed with a flexible walking stick of pale bamboo.  From behind spectacles of heavy tor- toise shell, peered out a pair of shifty eyes. His hair, not too abundant, and well whitened, was parted in the middle from brow to collar, and brought straight forward over his cars. His nose, sharp and predatory, overhung a mustache and beard carefully trimmed to a scrupulous square and, like his hair, parted in the middle.  Advancing as Anna entered the room, he extended a ceremonious hand, and murmured:  "Mrs. Gage? Charmed, I'm sure!"  Instantly Anna felt herself go cold all over. If she had been a cat, her fur would have stood up and crackled with galvanic sparks. Very distantly she re-