A Night at Jacqueminot's  By Elmore Elliott Peake    I  AS Valentine Kemp eased his car up to the horse block of the Post home a slight, graceful girl, with auriferous streaks in her corn-colored hair, strode swiftly down the door-walk, pulling at her glove. As she sank into the seat beside Kemp he saw that her lashes were wet.  "Father any better, Shirley?"  "The doctor--thinks so." she answered brokenly. "But he--he looks so awful! And he can't move!"  They stopped at the little railroad sta- tion. When the train drew in, a modish young woman in lavender-gray from top to toe, with a black traveling-bag at her side, descended to the platform. For an instant her eyes flicked the group of by- standers, with that assured air which comes with learning one's way about the world. Then she spied the objects of her search.  "It's so good to see you both again!" she exclaimed in a resonant, musical voice, after embracing her sister Shirley and giving her gloved hand to Valentine Kemp.  As the trio edged toward the automo- bile Aline Post greeted several acquaint- ances. opposing their gravity with persistent cheerfulness that probably provoked comment later. This cheerful- ness, however, soon vanished. On the short ride to the house, along streets fa- miliar to her from childhood, a rebellious expression clouded her handsome face and narrowed the line of her scarlet lips, as if she resented such a homecoming.     But at the touch of her mother's arms she slaked like lime.  "Poor little Mother! Poor little Mother!" she crooned huskily. Then, after a moment: "Did you telegraph for Randall too?"  "No. I doubted if the poor boy had the money for his fare borne. Doctor Barrows says your father will live, though he'll never walk again. He's been asking for you for hours. I believe I'd go right in. You must be prepared for a great change," she added, with quivering lips.  Aline Post knelt beside her paralyzed father's bed and covered one of his cold, nerveless hands with her own. He did not speak or smile, merely fixed his lus- trous eyes upon her with that detach- ment, that other-worldliness, which haunts the face of those who have stood on the brink of the dark river and strained their vision for a glimpse of the misty farther shore. But at last his lips moved--tutilely at first.  "Daughter!" It was a wavering, pip- ing note. "You have come to help me-- in my battle with the phantoms of death?"  "Yes, Daddy. And we'll win. The doctor says so."  For half a minute he seemed to weigh and sort her words, laboriously, pain- fully.  "Yes. I'll live--a while. Not too long. I hope--for your mother's sake and yours. The earth is for the living, the grave for the dead. There is no place between for the half-living, half-dead."  "Yes, there is, Daddy. Yes, there is--   71