Henry Payson Dowst 47    Dear Anna :  I've got cold feet. I don't want to come back to you, after all. I thought I was put- ting over something clever, but since talking with you, I've changcd my mind. You and I together would be sure to make a mess of things, because you hate me. The plan I had in view would never work out. Then, I've discovered you're poor. I thought you were well fixed, but I was told last night that you can't pay your butcher. I have to have money, or I'm unhappy. So do you. We should both be miserable all the time it we tried to live together.  I'm going to play my fatal beauty against some widow lady with coin and a loving disposition. Steve Rivers is dead, and you and Edgerby Raydon haven't any interest in each other.  In the last twenty years, I've been asso- ciated with all sorts of people, and some of 'em have standards. Most of them are sports: and I've doped it out that persecuting a woman you've already harmed as I've harmed you isn't exactly a sporting proposition. Also, I remember now that I loved you once, and I can't get out of my head the way those big, black eyes of yours looked yesterday when you were crying. I can kick a dog or steal a baby's candy, but there's a limit even to my talent for plain and fancy cruelty.  Let me suggest that you go back home and quietly apply for a divorce from that man Rivers, on the ground that he deserted you twenty year ago and may not be dead.  So help me God, Anna. I'll never bother nor threaten you again! I know you won't put much faith in that promise just yet; but you'll find it's a perfectly good, reliable, hole- proof promise, guaranteed for a lifetime.  I wish you the best of luck, and hope you'll wish me the same.  Penitently,  Edgerly Raydon   "Do--do you believe him, Joe?" asked Anna. "Don't you think he'd come back to annoy us later? Can he possibly mean to let me alone?"  "Most likely. But if he ever gets messy again, I'll deal with him. Mean-     while, we'll have that divorce thing fixed up right away, honey."  "But Stanley mustn't know--"  "If a woman named Rivers, in a dis- tant State, divorces the husband who deserted her, how's Stanley ever going to know it's you? Besides, he'll be in China."  "Some day," said Anna, "when he gets a little older and wiser, I'm going to tell him the truth. And so long as I live, I'm never, never going to delude another human being, not even myself! And I guess that for twenty years I've fooled myself worse than I have any- one else!"  "Nonsense," said Joe. "Your con- science should be clear. Think what a wonderful mother you've been to that boy! And think what a wonderful wife you're going to be to me."  He gathered her suddenly into his arms, and sat holding her as if she were a child. For a moment she lay there, weeping a little. Then she sprang away.  "You musn't, Joe," she said. "I'm a married woman. Wait until I get my divorce. Then we'll be married as soon as you like."  The man looked a trifle crestfallen.  "Gracious! You are a straightlaced little thing. Think of the twenty years I've waited. So much love I've missed --and it's all charged against you."  "Well," said Anna Polenka, relenting the merest fraction, "if it's as bad as that, maybe I ought to make just the tiniest payment on account."  " Absolutely." said Joe Strickland, and made the collection on the spot.    MAY WIND  By Morrie Ryskind I HAVE been blind to life for oh! so long-- Unseeing and unheeding--and unknowing. To-day, a May wind sang its magic song: And then I saw that there were green things growing.