102 Prodigal    her. She had the sense of having walked into the trap of some gigantic practical joke. She turned passionately heartsick at the though of Cedric; but she knew that Carlotta had written the truth. Even if he should come back, she would never have the courage to receive him. This was the end. She shivered a little as she told herself that she was already old, her emotions burned out, her life gone by un- lived. Presently, she became aware that here too, a clock was ticking in the room's stillness and, through it, she heard the far-off rush and rumble of the train she was to have taken. What seemed like a long time passed and she stood motion- less, thinking not at all. Then, suddenly, she remembered William.  Who would tell William? She thought of his austere face, with its stiff graying hair and its dull kindly eyes, and saw it stricken as it would be when he knew what Carlotta had done. She had never doubted William's love for Carlotta. It echoed in the sound of his rough voice, in his awkward, slow tendernesses; a deep, unworded pride in and love for all that made Carlotta lovely. The ruin that she had brought upon him, upon them all, be- came bitterly clear in the face of that. For a moment, she hated Carlotta.     The next, she was plunged into self- loathing. It was she who had planned the wrong that Carlotta had accomplished. She was not guiltless. She had given the other woman a weapon with which to strike and wound. Had not Carlotta said that she would never had laid such plans? If John had cared for her as William cared for Carlotta--  She could hear him coming along the hall, and saw his stocky figure outlined between the portieres, as he searched the darkened room for her. She stood up, her knees trembling. He came to her, gave her a fleeting kiss on the corner of her mouth, and drew her down comfort- ably beside him, within the circle of his arm.  "Had a happy day, lassie?" he asked as he had asked for nine years. When she broke into a wild sobbing, he held her off, bewildered. "Carlotta?" he said again. "She's in town, I tell ye. She came to the factory just at closing and dragged William down for dinner at a fancy restaurant. They're staying in for a the- atre. They'll be down at midnight. But, by the Lord, I wasn't to tell ye till past ten o'clock. Aweel, sax minutes, one way or another-- Have ye the paper, Ca- milla?"     PRODIGAL  By Edgar Daniel Kramer  YOU softly came and uttered not a word, But shyly placed your gentle hand in mine; And in my soul a sudden rapture stirred, A rapture that was agony divine. Though I had sinned, you gave your lips to me, You let me find a solace in your eyes, And in your tears, an unshed mystery, I swooned, a broken fool in Paradise.