52 "Three Old Men"   Chautard screwed up his face, then mumbled:  "None. I was tired last night. Par- don!" he turned to Gravault to ask with a sort of timidity; "And the little one, old friend?"  "A regular traveler, m'sieu," cried the nurse.  The baby crowed confidingly.  "Hear that! He knows what Paris is, eh? Well, we must get our belongings together. There, mon petit, you can go back to grandpa."  Gravault formulated a denial of re- lationship again, but it did not come, and reaching out his arms, he took Victor.  "Thanks, mon gars," he said cordially. "When I go back home, if--if--" he faltered.  "No if's. It is an understood thing. Go back. We shall put you back, we boys. Certainly."  "Then you must come and see me. And we shall open a bottle together, and smoke a pipe, eh? Here is my card."  "Surely. With pleasure."  The train drew to a halt with a suc- cession of back-breaking jolts.  "Gare du Nord at last. I swear these engine drivers drove cabs before the war. What a jolting Come along, comrade. An revoir, messieurs! Au revoir, Vic- tor."  They shook hands all round, kissed Victor, and swinging down from the car- riage, threw out their chests, and stag- gered down the platform.  The two old men climbed down and stood dumbly for a moment, bewildered by the confusion. Then Chautard took the lead.  "Come with me. I know my way. When I was here in the year of the Ex- position, I took a cab. We must find a cab and then a hotel."  "No hotels," said Gravault decisively. "They cost money. We will go and see my brother in the rue des Sts. Pères"  "As you please," answered Chautard stiffly. "Perhaps after all you are right.     With a child, it would be difficult to get into a hotel. I told you, but you would not listen. Now we must both suffer for your obstinacy. However, I shall say no more. Only, when we come to the gates and the examination of pas- sengers, let me do the talking. They may suspect us of kidnapping, or worse, and a fine pair of country fools we should look then. Come along."  "There!" said Chautard with a com- placent air as they came safely out of the station. "What did I tell you? We did that very neatly, I flatter myself."  "Thanks to your lawyer's tongue. But what did you say when you bent over and whispered to the officer?"  "Eh?" Chautard was confused, "eh? In a case of this sort, Gravault, it is well to make sure. So--"  "So?" Gravault's tone was full of suspicion.  "So," Chautard confessed, "so I said I was his grandfather, too."  "Look here, Chautard," grumbled Gravault, "two grandfathers? Are you crazy?"  "Two grandfathers. The maternal and the paternal. There is nothing un- natural in that. Do I want to grand- father the brat? No! It was solely for your sake. But hurry, let us get to your brother and get settled. I am anxious to see some of the sights I saw in the year of the--"  "Yes, yes--the Exposition. Hi, cabby. Sapristi! It is a woman!"  "Yes, m'sieu. Jump in. Where to? Rue des Sts. Pères! Bon! Get up, Cocotte!"  The venerable horse ambled on its way, the two old passengers gazing with gaping eyes at the wonderful sights, the uniforms, the cafes as gay as ever, the hurrying crowds. Even more interested was Victor, sitting erect on Gravault's knee, sucking his thumb.  At the door of the antique store in the narrow street, Monsieur Gravault the younger, smoking his pipe serenely,