Thomas Grant Springer 29    to sustain and accomplishment seemed to him the clearest form of silencing denial.  But pride goeth before a fall, and Foo Chow's confidence in himself at last proved to be his own undoing. A series of smashing blows had advanced the front lines some distance, and the rear moved up over the retiring foe's devasta- tion. It was a busy time for Foo and his fellow-workers. Roads were to be rebuilt, old trenches leveled, ruined walls pulled down, and the litter and clutter of the battlefield collected for salvage. As order began to come out of chaos and the troops settled down into their newly won positions, those returning to the back areas for rest naturally relaxed and were ripe for mischief. It was on Foo Chow that they immediately picked. Finding him alone, digging out a dis- mantled field gun from a wrecked trench, one of them, winking at his brothers, insisted that it was too bad that the gun could not be gotten back to their billet for a souvenir. As was intended, this proved to be a challenge to Foo Chow.  "Can do," he insisted promptly, though the gun was far too heavy, once it had been detached from the smashed car- riage, to have been carried by two, or even three, men.  "Like hell you can!" remarked the joker in a purposely doubting tone. "We'd take it back ourselves if we did- n't have our packs. No Chink could ever get it in alone."  "Can do," insisted Foo Chow stub- bornly, at the same time weighing the gun with a speculative eye.  "Yes, you cannot do," persisted his tormentor, and the others laughed a derisive echo.  That was enough. While the group grinned and giggled, Foo Chow tugged and strained, hunched his shoulder under the metal tube and, with legs that wob- bled protestingly, managed to heave him- self up beneath his burden and teeter off over the rough ground, all but stag-     gering, but goaded on to his goal by the laughing doughboys trailing behind him. Every moment they expected him to drop it. The sweat stood out in bright beads on his yellow face, merged into streams, and trickled down his cheeks, off his nose, and across his bent neck. His breath wheezed and whistled, his bur- dened back bowed lower and lower, and his legs shook painfully, but, urged on by the doubting comments of his tor- mentors, he struggled on, finally arriv- ing at the stable that served them as a billet. With a mighty sigh of relief he eased his load to the ground and turned to them with a triumphant grin.  "Good old boy!" they yelled in encour- agement. "You're the original old ‘Can do,' all right."  But the habitual grin faded slowly from Foo Chow's face. Into his eyes crept a dull look of growing pain. He tried to straighten his bowed back, then his features twisted, and he put both hands to his stomach.  "Belly pletty much jumpie," he re- marked in a puzzled tone. Then his legs gave way, and he sat down unsteadily on the gun, doubling over on his knees.  The boys became at once concerned and bent over him with rough, kindly sympathy.  "Gee! the Chink hurt himself, I'll bet," remarked one of them with a guilty note in his voice. "Hurt much inside, eh, Foo?" he asked, while the others looked sheepishly at one another.  "Belly heap jump," replied Foo Chow, holding the offending member, the lines of pain that distorted his features fist- ing now to more of a look of indigna- tion.  "I'll bet the poor devil busted some- thing inside. We better get him to the surgeon right away," and with worried haste, in spite of his vigorous protest, they bore him away where there would be no danger of his doing anything for some time to come.  Though Foo Chow had more inherent