16 Her Groove    with sudden sophisticated dashes of color, such artfully plain hair under its tilted turban! It was all perfection--en- hanced by the faint perfume of powder and aromatic essences. The toilet that consumed an hour and a half seemed to complete itself with magical rapidity to the fascinated eyes of Miss Peck. Thus and so would she dress, from patent leather tip to feather tip, from pink crêpe de Chine to gray fox fur, she, whose life had been buckramed in chal- lies, prints and astrakhan cloth.  Mary caught up a diamond wrist watch from the dressing-table and absently shook back her cuff. Then she changed color and put down the trinket as the telephone rang.  "See who that is," she ordered.  "How very purty." Miss Peck picked up the watch with awe. It was so small and seemingly fragile. "Eleven o'clock," she exclaimed. "My, Mary, you must use shorter hours than we do down to Mayfield!"  "It's Mr. Robert wants to see you, Miss." Mattie almost whispered the message. "Says he's on his way up."  Mary hesitated, then shut her lips firmly.  "All right, Mattie. Carry those things into the alcove and pull the curtains." She tossed a pair of pink satin corsets into an open trunk and closed the lid. Then she turned again to her visitor. "It's Mr. Thomas--he wrote the play. He's been traveling with the company so that he can make what changes he wants before we strike a big town. He--he-- wants me to have the lead in the new piece he's working on."  There was a knock on the door, fol- lowed almost instantly by the entrance of a tall, well groomed man, remotely threatened by the forties. His deeply lined face was attractive, but for a twist of bitterness in his thin lips that was belied by the shrewd gentleness of his eyes. He started as his glance noted the newcomer.     "I beg pardon," he said, as if conscious and somewhat ashamed of the abruptness of his entrance.  "Oh, good morning, Robert." Miss Fontaine's voice was thin and clear as glass. "This is Miss Peck--my very dear friend; in fact, my only friend in what used to be my home town. She's come to me to be my companion."  "Oh," he said noncommittally.  Miss Peck's heart warmed toward the man who appreciated Mary Allen.  "Mary's sweet enough to say as I can travel with her, an' not be in the way," she beamed. "I'm sorter huntin' for my groove, you see. I've never been out of Mayfield before, and I've never been so happy, either."  "Miss Peck"--Mary sought and found her gloves--"was good to me always, when I needed goodness. When I ran away she stood by me and helped me. And when I needed money she scrimped herself and sent it to me. She's my good angel, Mr. Thomas." Her dark-lashed eyes met his with a swift look of mean- ing.  "Angels are very necessary sometimes --in our business." There was a touch of irony in his voice, and a quick re- sponse to the challenge of her look. Then he turned courteously. "I shall be de- lighted to include you, Miss Peck. We had planned, Miss Fontaine and I, to take a little run into the country before the matinee. You'll come, of course."  "Of course," said Mary quickly. Miss Peck was puzzled at the ring of defiance in the tone.  The author's keen eyes were traveling covertly over every detail of the new companion's face and figure. He looked as if he wanted to sneer. And yet, the kind, tired eyes smiled reluctantly. Miss Peck felt flustered, as if somehow she needed to explain her presence.  "I ran away, too." she stated boldly.  "Indeed? When?" he inquired politely.  "Why. just now. I don't know as I'd have had the courage if I hadn't helped