Consider the Moving Staircase  By Cleveland Moffett    IF you observe the men and women on a moving staircase you will see that some stand still and let the ap- paratus carry them comfortably to the top, while others stride up the steps even while they are in motion, thus gaining a few seconds--but wasting precious strength. I have seen a red-faced man carrying a heavy bag, or a tired mother with a baby, restlessly, wearily pushing on up to save those few unimportant seconds. Why?  For no particular reason except that this is the American way. And it is a foolish way. We devise an admirable mechanism for relieving the over-bur- dened human machine, then we refuse to use it! A moving staircase is an elo- quent sermon on our national unwilling- ness to rest.  We know that our human machines are driven by nervous energy stored up somehow in the brain (probably by a chemical action) while we sleep and rest; but we do not dwell enough upon the fact that a brain depleted of its nervous energy is as ineffectual as a storage bat- tery depleted of its electricity. This is literally true. We can do nothing, we are nothing, without a rested and replen- ished brain. Health, happiness, love, work, patriotism, every form of physical, mental, and spiritual achievement de- pends upon a rested and replenished brain.  Therefore, men and women have no higher duty, especially after forty-five, when the life forces begin to wane, than to see that they get sufficient rest. In many cases rest is more important than exercise. We often exercise too much but we seldom rest too much.     I am a golf enthusiast. I play golf on Sundays and enjoy it, but I am be- ginning to think that, from a purely phys- ical point of view, it may be a mistake. God probably knew His business when He gave us one day in seven in which to rest.  What do doctors prescribe in the pres- ence of almost every ailment? A rest cure! A few days in bed! Breakfast in bed! All day Sunday in bed! A complete change and rest! They order the change because they know there is more chance that a patient will really rest if he is away from his ordinary worries and excitements. It is the rest that cures. With a few exceptions, any dis- ease that can be cured at all, can be cured by rest, together with the right attitude of mind.  But we Americans will not rest. We must be always under pressure, always forcing ourselves up some moving stair- case. We telephone needlessly. We write letters needlessly. We make ap- pointments needlessly. An unoccupied evening is a tragedy, a lonely day in the country, a disaster. Quick! Call up So-and-so! Get out the automobile! Golf! Bridge! Poker! Set the Vic- trola going! Dance the fox-trot! When does the next train leave for town?  No wonder we break down shockingly (as compared with more restful people) in middle life and die ten or fifteen years before our time. American cities abound in tired, discouraged, ineffectual men and women, full of pains and apprehen- sions, who might be restored to serenity and usefulness if they would learn to rest.   4-L.S. 49