Robert Campbell 9    worked the Asheville close aboard the submarine. A steel hawser was broken out of the ship's lazaret, and this was made fast to the forward gun stanchions on the submarine's deck; it was then paid out slowly while the freighter forged ahead, and hitched to a bridle that was laid out over the vessel's stern.  Captain Butts and the chief engineer went aboard the steamer and resumed their clothing. Briggs, with a crew of four, was sent aboard the submarine, and after they had pitched the dead over- board and patched up the wounded as well as their facilities permitted, the Asheville again took up her voyage to- ward the Irish coast.  It was two days later that the lookout on a destroyer reported to his com- mander:  "Supersub in tow of tramp steamer off port bow, sir," he bawled.  "In what?" roared the commander.  "In tow, sir," replied the lookout.  The commander ordered the destroy- er's course to be changed, and she raced down to the steamer at thirty knots. Crossing the freighter's stern, she ranged up on her port quarter.  "What ship's that?" howled the com- mander through-his megaphone, while the gun crews kept their rifles trained on the steamer.  A grizzled and somewhat fierce face leaned over the bridge rail.  "Steamer Asheville, from New York to London," was the answering roar.  "Where did you get that submarine?" was the next question.  "Went out and shot it for ourselves, if you must know," came the reply.  "Who's master of that ship?" demand- ed the commander, with a somewhat un- easy feeling in his breast.  "Ephraim Butts," came the answer, and the commander groaned.  "I might have known it," he muttered. "Good Jupiter, what luck some chaps have!"  Queenstown harbor was treated to an     edifying spectacle some hours later. A large and somewhat rusty tramp steamer came into port towing a highly dejected submarine in her wake. The steel haws- er connecting the two rose and dipped again, and, bringing up the rear, was a destroyer with nearly all its crew on deck staring curiously at the procession in front.  An Admiral viewed the spectacle through a pair of glasses and turned to his aide.  "If I'm any judge, there's been some- thing happening out at sea that was never on any naval plan. I wish you'd run down to that steamer and ask the skipper if he would mind coming up here to see me. Mind, don't order him. Invite him. Otherwise, if I know my man, he's very likely to tell you to make a long, long visit in a much warmer climate, and then come up here and kidnap me."  Captain Butts, just a little truculent at first, accepted a cigar from the Admiral, and answered the polite query.  "There's nothing much to tell, sir," he said modestly. "I've been wanting a tin fish for quite a little while. Thought the allied navies would like to look over the latest model. So I just brought one in." He gazed out through the open window to where the harbor glittered in the sun, and a softer light shone in his keen little face. "There's--there's another reason, perhaps, sir," he went on. "I've got a little girl ashore, and she's been pestering me to show her how a depth gauge works. We've been studying navigation, you see, so I figured it was up to me to show her the real made-in-Germany article." He reached for the brown leather satchel at the side of his chair, hoisted it up to his lap, opened it, and carefully lifted out a nickeled pressure gauge. "I just knocked this off, and I'm taking it home to the little girl, sir, for a souvenir." Once more he stopped, and now he blushed.  "I've got her picture here, sir, if you'd like to look at it," he said quietly, hold- ing out an open locket.