66 The Dark Pool    pungent aroma of pines filled her nos- trils. There was a bite to the air; she breathed it in deeply and her head went up She walked briskly, thinking of the tea "brewed over the fireplace." She was singularly eager.  Gradually her pace slackened. Why was she eager? Why did she feel like this? She was not interested in Fresner's new water color--not especially. Tea had no particular charm for her. These were facts, and she admitted them can- didly. She would rather walk. Trying to analyze the thing, she remembered his words, conventional in themselves, yet somehow heightened by--she didn't know what--a tensity in his tone, perhaps a dull glow in his tanned face. She saw again the lighting of his gray eyes below the high, smooth forehead, the straightly brushed-back brown hair. She shivered slightly, walking there on the bluff over the river. Possibly it was the air--she should have worn a wrap. The fall of the water over the dam made a gurgling music in her ears, rather chilling. Yes, she would prefer to walk. . . . She would walk rapidly, returning to dinner the better for the exercise. Fresner could hardly expect her.  She halted abruptly. There, directly before her, was his cabin, built of logs and perched almost perpendicularly above the river. In her self-absorption she had not reckoned on the path she was taking. She should have turned into another. Now she could almost reach out and touch the old bronze knocker on the door.  Fascinated, she gazed at that door, at the play of firelight through the squares of windowpane. She took a step back- ward, hesitated. Had she said she would come? But, then, certainly she could change her mind! She would return home at once. . . . She started precipi- tately The dry branches crackled under her feet.  Then the door swung open, and Fres- ner's voice was calling out cheerily:     "I say, you've lost the track, haven't you, Mrs. Monning?"  She stopped, looking furtively over her shoulder at the slender but stalwart young form now advancing the short space between them.  "No, no"--hurriedly. "I was just-- walking."  "Oh!" The tone dropped from eager- ness to disappointment. "I heard you. and hoped you were coming in."  It seemed the natural action for her to put out her hand. He held it briefly, and an odd consciousness of the touch went through her. "I hoped," he was adding, "that you were really going to keep your promise."  "Did I promise?"  "The water color," he amplified has- tily.  "Yes--I was coming, wasn't I?" She avoided his eyes.  "And now?"  "Variable woman!" She tried a laugh.  He did not join her.  "I'm sorry. And the kettle was over the logs!" His voice seemed faintly husky.  She hesitated. The twilight was still broad; dinner would not be served for more than an hour, generally a dull hour for her unless . . . Besides, she had said she would drop in, and to escape now would be awkward. . . . She yielded. They were going back together his hand lightly on her arm.  She said something pleasant, and now laughed quite freely. He joined her in a subdued tone. . . .  The logs burned merrily. The firelight raced cozily along the walls and ceiling. Meeting and mingling with the sunset glow, it made mutable frescoes of light; and shade. The pictures, candlesticks, bric-à-brac, took on a hazy, warm in- definiteness. The kettle sang.  He drew up a low reclining chair for her, and she relaxed, stretching out her tiny feet toward the warmth, letting