34 The Charlatan    these replies was without its significance. At the end of half an hour, the girl arose. "An' may God bless you, ma'am, for the comfort you've been to me this day," she said. "An' how much do I owe you?" "Hush," said Anna. "Run along now, and stop worrying."  "But I want to pay you."  "Put an extra dollar in the poor box at mass next Sunday. Please give Mrs. Bird my love, and ask her not to say anything about sending you here. You know I don't do these things for money."  The girl went away marveling, one of the fortunate few who gained admit- tance into that dim chamber.  When she had gone, Anna gazed long and deeply into the globe; but its opaline currents only swirled meaninglessly be- fore her eyes, telling her nothing. It had always been so. That strange clair- voyance which she had at times been able to exercise for the benefit of others had never enabled her to see into her own life's mysteries.  "Poor Maggie." she routed. "Poor, gullible creature. A little hypnotism, a little sympathy, a little shrewd adroit- ness-- Lord help me! What a cheat I am!"  Miss Brooks entered with a card.  "Yes," said Anna. "I'll see her."  Far different from the previous caller was Mrs. Torville Oxnard. She swept into Anna's study with a sort of assur- ance that was dangerously close to condescension.  "My dear!" she cried. "How well you're looking!"  Instantly in Mrs. Gage's manner ap- peared a certain restraint.  "Thank you; I'm quite well."  "I've called on such an important mat- ter," said Mrs. Oxnard; "and it's so very intimate too." She seated herself beside Anna's desk. "I really must have your advice. You've always helped me so wonderfully "  Anna surveyed the woman coolly. She was rather splendid, in a striking way.     Her garments were costly; on her hands was a fortune in jewels. Anna knew that her visitor was receiving the largest alimony of any woman in New York.  "It's about--"  "Don't!" cried Anna sharply. "You mustn't tell me. I don't want you to tell me. You've no right to take a compara- tive stranger into your confidence. Mrs. Oxnard. I can't accept that responsibil- ity."  "Then, how are you going to help me, if I don't tell you?" Plainly, the recital of her case was something to which she had looked forward.  "Your hand," said Anna simply.  She examined the lines intently, and meanwhile her mind was working with the precision of a clock. She caught up the globe.  "Quick," she cried; "but not a word, not a word! If you speak, the spell will be broken."  She placed a hand on the brow of her visitor, and Mrs. Oxnard bent her gaze hungrily on the beckoning liquid fires within the sphere. Then, too, her eyes widened, and she would have spoken; but Anna laid a finger on her half- parted lips.  "That's enough," said Mrs. Oxnard, as Anna suddenly snatched aside the crystal. "Heavens! What a revelation!" She arose. "Most extraordinary!" she said. "Amazing! You grow more won- derful every day, my dear! I can't tell you how much you've helped me in the last two years--going through that awful trouble with me as if you'd been my sister. I do so wish you'd let me do something for you. Can't I send you a check?"  "Send a check for whatever you like to the Mount Magdalen Home for Desti- tute Girls. I can't take anything; I've more than enough. If I can help my friends, I'm only too delighted."  Mrs. Oxnard, with many protestations of gratitude, and promises to send the check, made her adieu. She had scarcely