Nancy Shore 17    had whispered the meaning of love into her eager ears, was in no way related to the silent, selfish man who smoked all the hours of the day before his mud hut, and growled ceaselessly about the work he never did.  Time passed.  Prosperity followed a railroad from the city to Long Finger Point. Summer time became three long, busy months, crowded with serving people who built summer cottages on the meadow, or hung little places, like gay bird cages, half way up the cliffs along the beach.  The Hansens (now a cross man, a work-bent woman, and five dirty chil- dren) overflowed the flat stone before the cabin and stared at the gay summer people who passed and repassed the place--a procession of drooping hats and gay sweaters.  "What are you thinking, little Mother?" Karen would often ask, won- dering at her mother's dream-filled eyes.  "The square house, the beautiful square house, white, perhaps. I want it!" Of all the dreams in which the mother of Karen wrapped her brain, this was the only one that ever came true.  Karen, eagerly watching how other people lived, learned that many of the cottagers and campers desired a hotel on the beach. A cheap hotel, where no one dressed for dinner, where children were not taboo, where a vacation could be enjoyed for very little money.  Standing one evening before the flat stone, she expounded her plan to the family of Hansen. Because she was the child of her parents' strength and first passion, she had inherited a certain amount of beauty and brains, a combina- tion not possessed by any of the others. Her father entirely overlooked her pos- session of brains, but he remembered his own great body, and felt a certain pride in her strength. Aye, she was strong, and without a doubt, it would be well to heed her.  So, the outcome of Karen's speech was     that by the next spring a gaunt, square house had been raised upon the spot where, for years, the Hansen hovel had bowed its grimy head. Needy relatives, imported for the building of the house, stayed on to help run the hotel.  The square house, the beautiful reality of the dreaming little mother's desire, was in truth nothing but a grave for her hopes. Cheaply built, it reared itself among some wind-bent trees, behind a wish-bone shaped gateway of dried whalebones. The dreamihouse was white, bluish white, with yellow trim- mings. At one side, a beehive-shaped summer house supplied a spot for sleepy granddads by day and spooning lovers by night. Beside the gateway were some bath houses, untidy spots with wet sand oozing up under broken floors, and dirty towels hanging like flags over the doors. Behind the house was a great garden where, early and late, the little Hansens toiled--stooping over their beds, weeding, weeding, weeding! After a few successful seasons, a troop of cows stood patiently before the whalebone gateway, tinkling their bells and calling to Karen to come and milk them. With the cows came a smoke-house, and a peculiar old country ice-house. In strange contrast to the ever-growing string of unlovely out- houses was the flower garden, beds neat- ly bordered with clam shells, a waving, fluttering daub of fragrance and color.  The Hansen Hotel was crowded year after year with little clerks, cheap store- keepers, mostly foreigners, who turned troops of children into the yard behind the whalebones. Tired grandmothers were sent to the beach to enjoy a two weeks' vacation and guard a herd of saucy grandchildren. One room at the Hansen Hotel could accommodate a whole family, and the rates were ad- justable to suit any pocketbook.  In winter the Hansen family lived in the kitchen, the rest of the house being shut away, dark, damp, echoic. In this time of rest, Mrs. Hansen generally de-