98 The Eighth Devil    described amazingly the transformation which her drug could work in Laurence's calm and restraint. She must be very careful never to excite him in public, she told herself as she contemplated the fu- ture. He was perfectly capable of mak- ing horrible scenes. She detested scenes; she had been carefully bred to detest nearly everything that was frankly real. Life had made her a tissue of elaborate concealments and inhibitions, a fabric of manners and conventions, no less con- ventional because they called themselves the opposite of convention. She said once, with a shrug of her white shoul- ders, that emotions were raw affairs-- impossible unless properly prepared, dis- guised, spiced, and sauced. It was a rather apt expression of the whole cult and creed of that world in which she had been formed.  She used her weapon sparingly at first, and always cleverly. She did not fall into the error of letting Raeburn see her reasoning. Always she contrived to kindle that sudden flame of blind fury in him as if without intention. Once it was no more than a letter which she burned with rather more care than seemed necessary --a letter that bore a club monogram, made horribly visible for an eternity of a second as the flames blackened the creamy paper. There had been a brief, awful clash over her refusal to answer his hoarse demands for instant explan- ation, confession. In the end, as she had counted on doing, she shamed him into abject apology, self-abasement. It was a conquest that she used to extract no bigger concession than acceptance of an invitation at which he had rebelled.  Again, she had recourse to the simple device of sending herself orchids, with- out a card, and cooing over them so that Laurence could see and hear, affecting not to be aware of his proximity. She humbled him again, aloof, contemptuous, inwardly charmed at this new proof of her power and of his devotion.  "Really, Laurence, I don't understand     myself. I should have thought that I couldn't ever forgive this--this vulgar vice. If you had seen your face-! You looked like a murderous navvy... Yes, I suppose I forgive you. But this can't go on. If I'm to live my life never knowing when the most trivial act or speech will precipitate a drunken flood of billingsgate--"  ^ Help me, then. You're my wife. It's a fight--a fight against a common enemy, trying to ruin our lives. God knows I don't minimize the ugliness of it. If it seems hideous to you, what do you think it seems to me? Why, Les, it--it's like a real physical poison. I ache with it now. Help me, dear--don't madden me with denials, with that dis- dainful refusal to answer. Calm me as quickly as you can by explaining."  Her lips curved.  "Thanks. I don't feel that my duty goes quite so far. A gentleman--"  He made a gesture of impatience.  "A gentleman is no different from any other beast when the devil slips into his soul. It's a condition we've got to face, Les--not an ideal."  She shrugged her shoulders.  "Well, let' s not talk about it. I--I want to forget, please. You said ..."  It was easy enough to collect her in- demnity now. She levied it relentlessly, to the uttermost farthing.  Sometimes she saw that he controlled the first demoniac impulses. The veins stood out on his forehead, and his face reddened blotchily, his wrists quivering as his will strained against their muscles, but his lips stubbornly sealed. On these occasions, generally, she contrived to give the needed extra fillip to his taut nerves, to aggravate the slight founda- tion of his suspicions until the storm burst on them both. It was refreshing, she discovered. There was a kind of ex- hilaration in the rapier-play of her cold, contemptuous intelligence against the savage bludgeonings of bis frenzy. She enjoyed fendng with him till she wore