Thomas Grant Springer 7    strange shouting and, to Kan Wong's ears, discordant sounds that they mistook for music. Yet now and then other strings of carriages came back from the t east and north, with other men--men broken. Woody, lacking limbs, groping in blindness, their faces twisted with pain as they were loaded into the waiting fire junks to recross the rough sea.  Then came the turn of the coolies to be crowded into the boxlike carriages and to be whisked off to the east. With them went tool--picks, shovels, and the like-- for further work, upon the nature of which Kan Wong, unquestioning, specu- lated. It was a slow, broken journey that they made. Every now and then they stopped that other traffic might pass them, going either way; mostly the strange men in uniforms, bristling with guns, hurrring to the east, always to the east and north.  At last they too turned north, and as they did so the country, which had been smiling, low, filled with soft fields and pretty, nestling houses, little towns and quiet, orderly cities, changed to bleak fields, cut and seared as by a simoom's angry breath. Still there were little towns--or what had been little towns, now tumbled ruins--fire-smitten, grit- ted, their windows gaping like blind eyes in the face of a twisted cripple. Off to the east hung angry clouds from which the thunder echoed distantly; a thunder low, grumbling, continual, menacing, and through the clouds at night were light- ning flashes of an angry red. Toward this storm it seemed that all the men were hurrying, and so too were the coolies of whom Kan Wong was one. Often they chattered speculatively of the storm beyond. What did it mean? Why did the men hurry toward instead of away from it? Truly the ways of the Foreign Devils were strange!  As they drew nearer to the storm, the river dream of Kan Wong returned. This was indeed the land of the Dragon's wrath. The torn and harrowed fields,     the empty, broken towns, the distant, grumbling storm, and the armed men, hurrying, always hurrying, toward the east and north, where the clouds dark- ened and spread--all this was in the tales that his father's father had told him of those fifteen mad years when the Yangtze Valley crouched trembling under the fiery breath of the Dragon's wrath. Here once more he saw the crumbling towers and walls of Hang Gow in fresh ruin. Here was the ruthless wreck that even nature in her fiercest mood could never make. Truly the lure of the Dragon's blood in him was drawing him, magnet- like, to the glory of his ancestors.  At length they were set down just be- hind the fury of the storm ahead. Everywhere were the armed men, going, coming, in feverish haste. Those who went were full of confidence and had a son of fierce joy shining in their faces; those who came had faces distorted by lines of pain, their bodies were broken, bleeding, maimed. The air was full of noisy sparks, of acrid smells, of rising dust and ashes. There were many sweat- ing horses dragging past the strange in- struments of which the Foreign Devils seemed so tenderly careful, and also many other fast-moving carriages pro- pelled by a strange magic at a high speed. These tore hither and thither and were filled with men. Others, slower moving, but still propelled by the same strange magic, rumbled past, shaking the earth with the burden of their loads. Above, high in the air, flew swift, strange birds, their wings humming noisily, and as Kan Wong learned, bearing men to and fro, in and out of the storm clouds on the low horizon.  But there was little time for them to observe all these wonders of the Foreign Devils' magic. The one who had them in charge and spoke their tongue gave them their tools and bade them dig narrow ditches; head deep. From them they ran tunnels into deep caves hollowed out far under the ground. They bur-