Robert Shirley 93    horror that possessed me, I swung the shotgun across my knees into position, dropped the torch, and fired both bar- rels. There was an instant's thrashing, a scraping sound, and silence. Shaking and trembling, I picked up the torch again and flashed its beams about the room. The place was empty.  "Thank God!" I exclaimed fervently.  "What was it, Tom?" asked the shak- ing voice of Curtis from the doorway where he stood. He coughed as the fumes of the burning powder struck his throat, and before he could answer, a quavering voice behind him broke in.  "Ye'll ha need o' thanks this nicht," it said solemnly, and I threw the light from my torch upon the white and quivering features of MacGregor, who stood, a phantom of fear in the passage behind my friend.  "Stand aside, Jim," I said quickly to Curtis. He moved, and I opened the breech of my shotgun and shoved in a fresh cartridge. As I snapped the weapon shut again, I turned it on the Scot.  "Come in here!" I exclaimed venom- ously. "There's an explanation coming from you, my friend, and you'd best be swift in making it. What devil's business is going on here, and what was that thing?"  I expect there was something more than mere determination in my tone, for I was so shaken with the revulsion of feeling and the horror of the sicken- ing thing I had seen that I doubt not I would have driven the charge from the shotgun into the man before me had he given me the slightest cause.  "Ye may put oop yer weapon, Mees- ter Drake," he said quaveringly, step- ping into the room with unsteady feet. Curtis now applied a match to the wick of the lamp, and I could see that the man was trembling at the knees. He sank into a chair almost as he spoke.  "I'm no certain I'm doin' what th' maister would hae me do, in spierin' to     ye what I'm goin' tae," he said, "but I'll ease ma conscience at ony rate."  Suddenly from outside there came a long drawn howl, and this was followed instantly by a series of agonized barks from the dog. I turned toward the win dow, but MacGregor cried out.  "Keep awa!" he yelled.  I sprang back. A fresh chorus of barks and yelps broke upon the air, and, followed by Curtis, I dashed into the passage, through the kitchen and into the darkness outside. There was a scuffling and struggling going on near the corner of the house, and in the light of the torch, I found the dog in the clutch of a smaller tentacle than the one that had appeared in the room. I saw that it led into the circle of tamarack trees!  Without thought, I sprang forward and seized the struggling dog. It was a matter of considerable difficulty to tear him from that slimy hold, but I did so and flung him to one side, still howling horribly. Instantly he gained his feet and fled in the frenzy of his fear into the canebreak. We could hear his cries for some minutes until they died away in the distance.  "What was that thing? For God's sake what was it?" Curtis cried to me, and I shook my head.  "Keep away from that clump of trees," I warned him. "There's some- thing hidden there that will need in- vestigation. I think MacGregor knows." Even as I spoke, I uttered an exclama- tion, for out of the kitchen door the Scotchman staggered and gasping, fell to the ground. Unable to regain his feet, he scrambled on hands and knees toward us. Just then the moon broke forth from behind a wrack of dark Clouds and shed a brilliant light upon the scene. I strode forward and caught him by the shoulder.  "What's the matter, man?" I cried to him.  "An ax! An ax!" he gabbled and