Margaret E. Sangster 85   "That's the Knife Thrower," he mut- tered. "He's new wit' us. He don't understand."  The Clown reached out a hand that trembled under its vivid grease paint.  "He's been here long enough t' love her, too," he snarled. Suddenly his voice broke in a great strangling sob.  "It ain't fair," he choked; "it ain't fair! It should've been you!" He was speaking to the carefully dressed youth, but his painted hand was touching, very gently, a lock of the brown hair that fell over the girl's forehead--a lock of hair that stirred, like some live thing, in the night breeze.  "Yes." The voice from the shadows was toneless again. "Yes, if you want me to I'll take you around an' introduce you to some of th' rest. An' then I must go an' hunt up m' knives. I was polish- in' 'em when th' smash came, an' they've got scattered--some. I gotta find 'em. They're part of my job--those knives. I couldn't throw straight, I reckon, with any others." The voice stopped abrupt- ly, and the listeners heard footsteps go- ing off--halting, bewildered footsteps.  It had come suddenly--the wreck. The circus train had been going smooth- ly, so smoothly that one could try out make-ups in a wash-room and polish knives in a crowded compartment. Some of the performers were sleeping in their berths, and the animals in the rear cars were very quiet; one of the band was drawing faintly pleasant music from an old accordion. . . . And then the crash came.  There had been cries, the calling of names, curses, and, more often, the mur- mur of a prayer. There had been a scrambling for loved possessions, for ne- cessities, for the foolish little trifles that people, in a moment of emergency, do remember. There had been screams of pain--and of tear.  Some of the cars had settled down gently, Some had turned over. Some had crashed to the ground. Boxes, heavy     boxes, had whirled through the air to fall in chaotic piles. And they lay where they had fallen. It seemed as if it had happened years ago--and yet only an hour had passed.  The Clown was staring at the girl on the ground. He seemed quite to have forgotten the other man.  "Oh, kiddie, kiddie," he whispered to her, "couldn't you know--couldn't you guess how I cared? How I couldn't do my back somersault when you was up in the roof fer fear that you'd fall an' I wouldn't be able to get t' you quick enough? Couldn't you guess why I hung around; why I always was actin' like I would've blacked yer lil' boots fer you? Couldn't you guess--"  The Youth on the other side of her in- terrupted almost jealously.  "She cared fer me," he said, and his voice shook. "She didn't never even see --you! She was goin' ter marry me. . . . My God, she was gonna marry me!"  All at once the Clown was laughing with a strangely hollow mirth.  "That's why yer jumped first, ain't it?" he asked, with a strained sort of sar- casm--" 'cause she was gonna marry you? Y'dirty-- I'd like ter have some- thin' in my hands to kill yer with--that's what I'd like!"  Off somewhere behind a pile of crates and boxes one of the Trained Terriers howled with a long-drawn-out hopeless- ness. The carefully dressed youth shiv- ered and touched the plaster on his chin nervously.  "It's a sign of death--that," he mut- tered, "ter have a dog howl. I always knowed it. It's a sign of death!"  The Clown rose stiffly from his kneel- ing position. As he rose his foot struck against something that might have been a stone. He kicked it savagely, and it shot into the air and fell to the ground with a musical little clatter. The Clown stooped half-dazedly to pick it up.  It was a dagger that he picked up, a long, straight, sharp dagger; the sort