24 The Charlatan    week and had, he said, a savings account of five hundred dollars. Steve was, then, a man of substance and prospects. He had made a start in life. If she married Steve, they could go to board at the Tudbury House, have a room and a bath of their own, and eat in the dining-room, where they would be waited on by young ladies in starchy white aprons.  There was some class to that.  Anna had liked Joe Strickland enough to wish he had the bank job and that Steve were the freight clerk. That would make things ever so much better. But of course she was fond of Steve, and when they had been married a while she would love him very heartily, especially if his twenty-five a week grew to fifty and they could expand their one room and bath at the Tudbury House into a suite to include a "Parlor."  Life was rather a complex affair, Anna thought as she turned off the gas and crept into bed. From another room along the corridor, she heard her father snoring. She hoped Steve would not snore.  Lying there in the dark, thinking about the future, she had a little heartache, which she mistakenly diagnosed as a headache. She hoped she hadn't been mean to Joe Strickland; but it certainly wasn't very generous of him to pan Steve Rivers just because Steve had certain things which Joe lacked. It would have been a lot nobler of Joe to say something magnanimous about his successful rival. Anna was quite sure she should have wept a bit if he had; and this would have been mournful and romantic and fasci- nating.  II  In spite of her parents' hope that she would "keep the fellows away from her a while," Anna Polenka was before long the wife of the opulent Steve Rivers, and went to live at the Tudbury House. Thus was realized her ambition to be     waited on by the starchy-aproned god- desses of the Tudbury House dining- room, and to avoid the fate of other girls who wedded commonplace husbands and lived in shoddy, building-and-loan-asso- ciation homes.  Poor Anna! The fulfilment of her dream was hardly less evanescent than the vision itself. The sojourn of Mr. and Mrs. Rivers among the small-town splendors of the Tudbury House lasted but three or four months. The five hun- dred dollars Steve had said he had saved up proved to be a myth; and his salary of twenty-five dollars a week was quite inadequate to support his wife and him in the style to which they wished to become accustomed.  Having been served with notice to vacate the room and bath, the couple went to live in the paid-for dwelling of Radislov Polenka, laborer.  "I'm glad to have Anna back. She helps me so much around the house and no longer now am I so lonesome," Mrs. Polenka told her husband. "Sure," Polenka agreed. "If they pay regular the board money, it ain't so bad. But you want to watch out; not for noth- ing am I going to take care of them, with Steve earning in the bank bigger pay than I have ever made. The two of them should save."  "If they wasn't in debt. That Steve's got no idea about money. At the hotel they owed over two hundred dollars when they left, and paying that up will take forty weeks if they give five dollars a week."  "And Anna with two diamond rings, big as strawberries! And clothes and hats--! Where you think they got such things, eh?"  "Easy payments. More debts. If the bank knew it, maybe they'd fire Steve. They have to be careful who they hire, handling other people's money."  Mrs. Polenka sighed. Anna, the youngest, flower of the Polenka brood, who had displayed the best mind of all,