32 The Charlatan    house was a big expense. Yet she loved the comfort of it, and shuddered when she thought of giving it up.  There were bills unpaid that were past due. Her credit was still unimpaired, but she knew that unless payments were made before long, this condition would not hold.  Anna Gage was, in truth, a creature made for luxury. To lie blissfully late in the morning, to arise and bathe in perfumed water tempered to perfection by an assiduous maid, to breakfast daintily--these things were a habit grown strong from indulgence.  Somewhere in her memory awoke at times the picture of a shabby house, ill-painted, cheaply furnished; of a room from whose ashwood chairs large patches of varnish had scaled; of a home where comfort went hand in hand with cheap- ness--a good home, it was true, owned outright by grace of endless payments to the building-and-loan association.  But such pictures always made her cringe. Well, she had been generous. Never a month went by without a check, mailed in a letter full of affectionate messages. Anna Gage's conscience was easy on that score.  She patted her son's big, capable hand, as they sat together on a wicker chaise longue, her warm cheek resting against his shoulder, her eyes full of a proud light as she realized the manly strength in the boy's face. Suddenly she sprang to her feet and confronted him. He looked up at her, wide-eyed, a little startled.  "Why, Mumsy!"  "Money!" cried Anna Gage. "What's money? Nothing, Stanley, nothing, ex- cept a means to an end; and with me that end has always been you."  She dropped on her knees in front of him and put up her arms about his neck.  "Boy, boy," she cried, "thank you, thank you, for being what you are! Thank you for all you've tlone to justify my love and my faith in you. I'm so     proud of you, so very proud of you. And you know, you're all I've got. Don't talk about money. Money's done a lot for us--but if I could have accomplished the same thing by taking in washing. I'd have done it cheerfully; and I'd have been happy and proud of my success. Sonny boy!"  To Stanley, there was something em- barrassing about this unexpected show of emotion. He had never seen his mother this way before. He didn't understand it, not knowing what lay be- hind it all. Words came with difficulty, and he felt the best he could do was to tuck her face down against his collar and stroke her hair and call her the lov- ing diminutives that had always passed current between them.  "It's been splendid of you," he kept saying. "Splendid! I know you would do anything for me; but pretty soon it'll be my turn. And if you want to live on a farm, you shall have just the grand- est farm in Westchester County or Long Island or anywhere. I'll buy it for you."  V The dwelling of Mrs. Gage was a model of taste. The rooms were of good size, cheerful, artistically homelike. There were pictures excellently chosen --not in profusion, but more than mak- ing up in character what they lacked in numbers. The rugs on the floors were soft and rich, the furniture dainty, grace- ful, yet sound and substantial. There were no heavy, shrouding draperies, but, instead, hangings that rather inclined to fluffiness, indescribably feminine, and for that reason, as charming as they were appropriate to Anna Gage.  But there was one room in the Gage- home which differed radically from all the others--Anna's study.  It was in the middle of the house, and had no windows. Most of the fur- niture was of heavy, dark wood, in many