Nancy Shore 23    try to make life count big for you. If it does--come back. But the fight is too big for any hope of those dreams coming true, my dear, my very dear!" In spite of her fatalistic disbelief, he had left her, swearing that some day he would return--filled with the strength she craved.  To Karen, sitting in the straw-stuffed barn, was granted one more tragic pic- ture--her father's death. Like a wicked old king, he called together his few faithful retainers and repeated on his death-bed tales of splendor and pomp. Karen knew that her mother was won- dering if that cruel, drooping mouth had ever beguiled her with sweet, sweet words, or if that gaunt, leathery cheek had ever burned against her own through nights of youthful love? Strangely, as she looked at the old man, Karen wept, and realized that she was thinking of Kent. Could that broken, withered crea- ture ever have been her great, strong father?  At last it was over. In state, the own- er of the one-time prosperous Hotel Hansen rode away in the ornate auto- mobile hearse from the village--and left three women alone in the poverty-strick- en house of tragedy. Auntie clicked her teeth ceaselessly against her tongue, in an age-old sound of woe. Suddenly Karen's mother broke the silence, croak- ing forth a sentence which, unconscious- ly, told her daughter that she, too, knew that life had cheated her.  "Always did I want to ride in an auto- mobile--and he did it first, he did it first!"  Karen picked up her pail and started for the house. Again she shook her head roughly as if she were trying to break in upon her thoughts. She wanted no more memory visions; she had torn her heart with enough.  The two old creatures by the fire gave no sign of greeting as the girl came into the kitchen. Finally, the mother spoke.  "On my birthday, more trouble!" All     memory of the gift of the cow was stifled in her present grief.  "But, Mother, why do you fret so? I have not even seen him, nor has he seen me. He will not want me. I am old!"  Tiny openings along the front of the range gleamed like little windows in a dark house. Flames curled up behind them, casting a ruby light about the old kitchen, tinting the girl's cheeks with rose, wiping all the weary lines of dis- couragement away from her fine brow. The lights of a real home would never have the power to make Karen radiant. She stood mutely watching the old wom- en, realizing that, for their childish peace of mind, she must put her greatest sac- rifice into the surety of words. Their silence demanded it.  "He comes to take you--he comes! Who will care for us? The money long since is all gone. He takes the bread from our mouths, the blood from our hearts!"  With her hands over her ears Karen fled to her own room. She was dealing with children--children who were filled with selfish temper.  Through the intense silence of the old house, the nagging personalities of the two old women followed her, and seemed to invade the room where she sat, her head buried in her arms. She knew those two old creatures so well that she could almost hear their thoughts. Her shoulders sank hopelessly, her mouth trembled, and her breath came in one long, desperate sob. She had made her decision.  From the foot of the long, dark stairs, a voice complained of hunger, reminding Karen that the world still went on--the world, and work and service.  While her two charges ate the simple meal she set before them, she was con- scious that their looks invited her to un- burden her thoughts to them. Finally, in desperation, she paused on her way to the store-room, to say:  "Mother, dear, and little Auntie, you