The Burning Bush 103   He smiled thinly as he replied:  "I'm very grateful to you. It took me a long time to discover that you were playing with me--that you deliberately provoked me into those fits of fury for the fun of seeing me blaze and the satis- faction of making me crawl to you after- ward. You faked those early experi- ments--the letters and the flowers and that infernal affair of the cigar and all, just as you've been faking this last busi- ness with Jessop--for the sheer pleasure of watching me go mad. I didn't under- stand until this Jessop affair began. Then it dawned on me. No, Les, I don't care. You've cured me of being jealous. And you've cured me of caring enough to be jealous. Let it go at that."  He was very nice to her, of course. Nobody could have been kinder about comforting her, calming her passion of tears and entreaties. But he might have been a doctor, impersonal, aloof. She     realized, at last, that she had lost him. Perhaps it served her right to stare be- fore her into barren, desolate years. Laurence Raeburn thought so, at least, as he tiptoed away from her door, with the sound of her sobs following him.  "I've got to be mighty careful," he soliloquized as he turned his key. "She mustn't ever suspect me. It isn't safe for her to think she has that power over me still. But if she'd been a little later. . ."  He took an ugly, blunt revolver from the deep pocket of his dressing-gown and placed it carefully in a dresser drawer. As his eyes caught his image in the glass, he fancied he got a glimpse of something infinitely evil, baffled, drawing back.  The Eighth Devil, cheated, was re- treating. But Laurence Raeburn knew that he was not beaten. Oddly enough, he was rather glad. For when the Eighth Devil dies, he never dies alone. Love dies with him. . . .    THE BURNING BUSH By Edwin Justus Mayer  I THINK it was one spring a burning bush Flamed sudden in the green hills of my youth, And a great voice spake out of it the truth Of Beauty and fell still. A holy hush Succeeded it. There was not any noise Of singing birds or rivers or of flowers Stirring in birth, but all the level hours Were very silent, as when nuns rejoice.  New breath of a new Spring, how many Springs Have been since then? Since wild my dark eyes sighted The amazing Bush with awe and frenzy lighted; And since my cars heard great imaginings Voiced in eternal tones? I do not know: The years are filled with blinding, deafening woe.