Nancy Shore 19    gun at Karen's birth--the punishment for that one act which had ruined the mother's whole life, in that race down the mountain with her cousin's lover. The whimsical mind of the woman of the North, although blunted by disappoint- ment and dulled by work, felt blindly that this girl would go on paying for years to come--paying for all that the girl in the fluffy sleeves--and silver chains had done. Suddenly, the bent woman beside the scythe felt a tumult- uous desire to hurl herself upon that great curved knife--to hack and gash and tear at her own body in a futile at- tempt to punish that body for leading her astray. Instead, she crept out and ended Karen's revery by hurrying her back to the gritty sink in the square house--the gritty sink heaped high with greasy, white chinaware.  That same fall Karen received the im- petus that sent her flying up the hill which had hidden her from the lives of other people.  One night she was walking along the beach, gathering dead fish which were to be used as fertilizer. Instinctively, she was ashamed of her occupation, and hid herself away from an approaching group of summer people. She crouched in the shadowy sand behind a shielding boat, while the group of laughing people paused nearby and, unconsciously, told her just what real people thought of such an establishment as the Hansen Hotel. She heard them giggling about the food prepared in the dirty kitchen; she won- dered why it was a joke to have one bath- tub for forty people; she questioned ig- norantly why other people spoke of her- self and her brothers and sisters as "little slaves." Quite filled with wonderment, she realized that these people from the beautiful summer houses on the cliffs were more than laughing at her family. But with scalding cheeks, she heard her own name mentioned in connection with the advent of her sister's babies--and she made the alarming discovery that her father had     done a criminal thing when he had taken money for Christine from the fat saloon- keeper.  With a gnawing fear at her heart and her breath cold and rasping in her throat, she learned that the name of Hilma--the little, slim, blond Hilma--was a disgrace- ful by-word among the summer colon- ists. From that moment, Karen began to connect perfume, ribbons, cheap jewelry, and the hearing of little, slipping foot- steps creeping into a house in the dawn- time, the feeling of a slender, cold body sliding into bed beside an older sister-- with a tragedy peculiar to innocent girl- hood. When her tortured mind was once more able to hear the voices of the knowledge bringers, she realized why her brothers coughed so much.  For hours Karen lay there behind her shielding boat, turning, twisting, moan- ing, biting her hands--like a tormented wild creature. Then, with the calmness of the peaceful, blue night, some of the forgotten visions of her mother's youth crept down over the beach to bid her be up and on her way. Far into the night, Karen planned the salvation of the Han- sen family.  Karen did not spend the next winter in the square house. She had gone home with a family from the cliffs--to work for her high school education. The next summer, she honestly tried to improve matters at the hotel, and just as honestly she failed. The next winter Karen spent in a doctor's home in Port Greenflower, and the next year saw her wearing a pro- bationer's uniform at the hospital in that town.  She was summoned home from the hospital by an urgent message concern- ing Hilma, and upon her arrival, she called the family together in a conclave which she planned as a beginning of great changes that would affect the whole establishment.  To Karen, sitting in the deserted barn, milking the birthday cow, the vision of that family conference came back with