-give yourself a chance A few trained exporters are at present controlling the American total of foreign orders, because they alone know how to export American goods. As a result, they are getting what all trained specialists deserve to get--big money and big jobs. The man who knows how to handle an export order is the man thousands of American manufacturers are clamoring for. The day of the trained export man is to-day. It is right here. Now. Right before your eyes, as you read this sen-tence. In the unsentimental choosing by big producers of men to increase profit, those with simply domestic experience are being passed by. Big industry is hook-ing up to the man who can help it in putting over its big foreign deals. It de-mands the specialist. You always will have to offer something special to step ahead in business. Can you think of anything to offer more timely than a trained ability to handle foreign orders with success? Because you will hardly think of any-thing more profitable, give yourself a chance to make good by sending for our booklet, The New Foreign Trade, which tells you how to begin training We will send it the day you ask for it. BUSINESS TRAINING CORPORATION 216 Cameron Building New York City      DON'T YOU LIKE My Eyelashes and Eyebrows? You can have the same LASHNEEN Trade Mark Reg. A HAIR FOOD applied once each day, will absolutely produce thick and long eyebrows and eyelashes. Easy to apply--sure in results. LASHNEEN is an Oriental formula. One box is all you will need. Mailed on receipt of 50c. coin and three cents postage, or Canadian money order. Get the original. LASHNEEN COMPANY, Department 24Y,Philadelphia, Pa.   Let Me Tell You How to discover what career you are best fitted for; how to succeed in your chosen calling; how to be HEALTHY, HAPPY AND SELF CONFIDENT; how to get a better situation with more salary. Send 10 cents and Birthdate for interesting PER- SONALITY sketch and first lesson in EFFICIENCY. MARAYN EFFICIENCY COMPANY Dept. K, Pacific Building SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.   Reduce Your Flesh Exactly where desired by wearing Dr. Walter's Famous Medicated Reducing Rubber Garments For Men and Women Cover the entire body or any part. Endorsed by leading phy- sicians. Send for illustrated Booklet. Dr. Jeanne H. S. Walter 353 Fifth Ave., New York (Billings Building, 4th Floor Ent. on 34th St., 3d Door East) Pacific Coast Representative: Adele Millar Co., 345 Stockton St., San Francisco, Cal. Brassiere, $6.50, Neck and Chin Reducer, $3.00   Do You Like the Jews? Maybe you'll like them better--maybe you won't-- when you read the striking new series of stories of Jewish life, "My People," by Bella Cohen, which begins in the First July Number of Snappy Stories There are so many Jews in this country, and they are taking such a prominent part in our national life, that we feel sure that these stories will be equally as interesting to Christians as to the Jews themselves.  On sale at all news-stands on June 4th. Price twenty cents