62 The Marriage of Jones    Violet (starting away with a cry) Oh, no, no, no!   Bod (reproachfully) You didn't run and scream a little while ago.  Violet But I thought you were Algy.  Bob Algy be-- Look here, you haven't seen Algy. When you do, you'll scream louder and run harder.  Violet (defensively) Algy is a good man--a noble man.  Bob Oh, but his face! I'm no prize-contest beauty, and I'm not good, but--   Violet (interrupting) I'm a stranger in the city, and I don't know where Mr. Jones lives; but I must ask you to send for him at once.  Bob Oh, I say! Look here, little girl, I don't want to send for Algy. (Speaks seriously and earnestly.) I want you to marry me--honestly, I do. I'm not such a bad sort of chap. and I've fallen for you good and hard. You liked me well enough until you found out my name wasn't Algernon. Good Lord, I'll change it, if you'll change your mind!  Violet (refusing to look at him) Will you send for Mr. Jones?  Bob But, listen--  Violet If you won't, I'll go to him myself. (She starts toward door, left.)  Bob (imploringly) If you'd only listen to me--just a min- ute! (Aside.) I can't let her go to that boob--a girl like her! But how am I going to stop her? (There is a sudden tumult outside. The street echoes with shouts, the explosions of firecrackers, the sound of drums and banging of metal on metal.) That confounded celebration!  Violet Oh, what's that? (She looks fright- ened and rushes to window at back.)     Is it a boxer uprising, or another revo- lution?  Bob Why, it's-- (He stops abruptly, a light breaking over his face. Speaks aside.) The very thing! (To Violet.) You can't go now! It's a mob! Quick --let me bar the door! (He rushes to door left and locks it.)  Violet Oh, save me, save me! (She runs to him in fear.)  Bob (grandiloquently) Have no fear. They shall not harm you.  Violet (hiding her face on his shoulder) You won't let them kill me, will you?  Bob No one shall touch you, except over my dead body!  Violet Oh, you're so brave! But what shall we do? What shall we do?  Bob Let me think, dear. (Aside.) Damn it, what shall I do? (He gets a sudden inspiration.) If I can only get a message to my troops!  Violet (hysterically) Oh, don't leave me!  Bob (holding her tight) You bet your sweet life I won't! (Suddenly recollecting the role he has as- sumed.) I mean, never, so long as we both live. I'll send a trusty messenger. (Calling.) Wong! (Still with his arm about Violet, he stoops over table, picks up pen and writes hurriedly. Reads, aside) "To Colonel Sing:--Parade your troop past headquarters at once. R. Jones, General Commanding." (Wong sidles in, door right. He is more un- steady than before and blinks at Bob with drunken gravity.) You loafer! (Releases Violet, goes up to Wong and shakes him by the shoulder.) What do you mean by getting in this condition ?  Wong (smiling foolishly) Mister Bob no get mad. Wong cele- blate.