84 A Sign of Death    You with a broken leg, an' they've been billin you all over th' country as a bone- less man! Ain't that funny." All at once she crumpled down on the ground, a limp little figure with a blur of pink clasped to her heart.  Somewhere across the bleak pile of crates and boxes the dogs began to howl again. The Contortionist's head drooped forward. But the Snake Charmer was looking straight ahead at nothing.  "Oh, God!" she said.  He knelt on one side of her, and the painted grin on his face was fixed and staring and hard. One full white sleeve was torn away from his arm, and blood shone redly through the place where the tear was. The great black pompons on his coat hung dejectedly. He was the Clown.  She was the girl who ever since she was a tiny child had worked on the very highest trapeze. She it was who every night had done a marvelous leap for life that began very near the white top of the tent and ended in a slimly strung net very near the sawdust-covered ring. And now she lay silently, she who had been such a laughing, proud little thing; lay with her head flung too far back and her eyes widened reproachfully at the sky.  He stood on the other side of her-- tall and pale, his rather weak chin quiv- ering. He had caught her every night when she came whirling toward him through space, her two small hands out- flung. It was typical of him that he still looked rather carefully dressed, that the scratch on his chin had a strip of court plaster laid across it. He was her partner; together they had been known as the Flying Follettes. He had found himself wondering half-unconsciously who would take her place now that she--  The Clown was speaking.  "Why didn't you save her?" he was asking hoarsely. "You was there! I wasn't. I was in th' wash-room, tryin'     out a new make-up, in front of a hand mirror when th' crash came. But you- damn you!"  The carefully dressed youth looked down at the limp figure of the other Flying Follette.  "I couldn't," he muttered helplessly. "I couldn't!"  The Clown raised his hopeless eyes.  "Like hell you couldn't!" he choked. "I heard! You jumped--"  The carefully dressed youth raised a shaking hand to the strip of court plaster on his chin.  "She yelled t' me," he muttered, "t' jump. How'd I know there wasn't only a little time? How'd I know that she was goin' ter fall three feet--and land on her head? Many's th' time she's jumped a hundred an' come up, laughin'- like, out o' th' net! How was I ter know?"  Somewhere beyond them, in the dark- ness, a gruff voice began tonelessly to tell the story to one of the reporters who had come up with the ambulance from the city.  "We didn't know what hit us," the voice kept complaining. "We was all in our berths when it come. Yes--" in answer to a low inquiry; "they say it was a collision. ... Yes, a good many of us was killed. . . . You seen th' show in the city last night--just four hours ago?"  There was another low inquiry, and then:  "Th' girl that did th' high trapeze work?" rasped the voice. It had lost some of its tonelessness. "She's--gone. She landed on 'er head. . . . That damn' partner of hers"--suddenly and shrilly the voice rose--"he crowded in front of 'er an' jumped from th' window. She let him! If she'd only jumped first. But she was crazy about him."  Across the body of the girl the Clown and the carefully dressed youth looked steadily at each other, even as they list- ened. It was the youth who spoke first.