88 The Long Arm in the Clearing    upon the boots of the new arrival. It was apparent that the dog recognized the man as a friend, and I'll own that this went far to remove any suspicions I might have had of him. The animal evinced none of the fear that seemed to possess him at the sight of the room in which the tragedy--if it were a tragedy--had occurred.  Curtis explained to McGregor the events that had transpired since he had received the letter from his uncle asking him to visit the Swamp, and together we outlined for the Scot the situation as to the apparent conditions accompanying Mr. Curtis' disappearance. It was when we touched upon the actions of the dog that MacGregor evinced alarm. To con- vince him, we were compelled to take the dog back to the room where he could witness its terror with his own eyes.  "'Tis verra queer," he murmured, as if to himself. "T' beastie wad ne'er leave yon room wi'out his maister. Noo he'll no enter it. I fear ye'er richt when ye speir there's a great meestery here."  "We both feel that something mysteri- ous has occurred in that room," I said. "Mr. Curtis evidently left in his night garments."  "Aye, aye," answered MacGregor. "An' that's no like him eyether. A great mon for dress, he was."  To cut across the corners of descrip- tion and get down to the plain facts, I may say that while at first I had a sus- picion that MacGregor might have made away with his employer, the man him- self proved to be a kindly, whole-souled individual of more than ordinary intelli- gence. A naturalist by temperament and inclination, he had associated himself with Henry Curtis fifteen years before, when they had met in New Orleans, both en route for South America. Find- ing him of kindred tastes, Mr. Curtis had invited the Scot to enter his employ, nominally as a secretary, but actually as a co-worker. The friendship had proved a permanent one of mutual respect and     liking. For three years they had traveled together in the southern continent, and had come back loaded with theories and strange specimens.  "A great mon, Henry Curtis," com- mented MacGregor at last. "He had ideas that wad startle the world, were they known."  We talked until nearly midnight. It was decided that I should occupy the room from which Henry Curtis had dis- appeared, as we had come to believe.  "For heaven's sake don't stay there if you have any feeling about it," said Curtis. "The thing's queer enough as it is."  "To tell you the truth, I'm so infernal- ly tired that I doubt if any weird sugges- tion could keep me awake," I answered. "I see no reason why I shouldn't stay there. And to-morrow we'll take a look at the greenhouse, MacGregor. By the way, I'm curious to know what's inside that ring of tamarack trees out there."  The Scotchman looked at me strangely.  "Ye've no been inveestigatin' there- abouts, I'd say," he commented.  "Why, no. I just wondered what it was, that's all," I returned, and specu- lated on the oddity of his manner. He turned away, but returned to us.  "Did ye experience any queer--any phenomena thot struck ye as peculiar aboot th' place, noo?" he asked.  "Nothing since I've been here," an- swered Curtis. "Mr. Drake arrived only this evening. "Come to think of it, I have heard some noises that sounded like--like a great rope being dragged about, at night."  "Aye," MacGregor muttered. "Aye, there'd be thot, mayhap, wi' th' auld mon gone three days. Aye, yes." He turned away, tugging at his red beard.  I'll not pretend that the strangeness of the Scotchman's manner did not im- press me, but also I was so nearly dead for sleep that I felt if I did not soon get to bed I'd topple over onto the floor. Whatever dulled suspicions I may have