30 The Charlatan    worth the money, she wouldn't have left it. She was the best judge of what it meant to her.  Anna picked up the bills. They repre- sented new clothes for little Stanley and a dressing sacque her mother had said she couldn't afford, and a big glass jar of smoking tobacco for her father.  She tucked the money into her dress and went up to her room. There, be- side her bed in his little crib, lay Stan- ley, pink and warm, her baby; her little boy. What was to be his future? He was her responsibility. Steve Rivers had unloaded it all upon her. Life was hold- ing out the hand of a tax collector and saying: "Here, young woman! Pay up!" Then, simultaneously, fate was ad- vancing the money with which to pay.  Anna leaned over the crib and lis- tened to the gentle baby-breathing, caught the baby-warmth of the tiny, sweet body. He was so delicate, so fragile, with his soft cheeks, and dark-fringed eyelids, and rumpled-hair there on the pillow. One tiny rose-leaf hand was upthrown beside his head, a hand that clutched at the heart of Anna Polenka.  "God!" she said to herself. "If I'm clever enough, how can I help it? Shall I let him grow up like I did? When I have a chance to give him things, is it right to pass it by? If I could only see into that globe and find out what's best. I can tell the others, but I can't do anything for myself."  She undressed and lay down in the bed, thinking and thinking. After a while she cried into her pillow.  "You little cheat!" she called herself. "You little faker; charlatan; humbug! You'll never get away with it."  Finally she fell asleep; but it was not before she had made a decision.  IV  As you walk along Fifty-fifth Street, approaching Fifth Avenue from the west, you pass rows of tall houses of brown-     stone, with high front stoops. Many of these houses possess a certain distinc- tion, giving evidence that their dwellers are of more than average prosperity.  Up the steps of one of them on a crisp Sunday afternoon in autumn, trotted a young man, carrying a bulky kit bag. He rang the bell and awaited impatiently the answer to his summons. Presently a maid came and swung back the grilled iron door, admitting him into the white- painted vestibule.  "Why, it's Master Stanley," said the maid.  "Is Mother at home?" he demanded, passing on into the hall.  "Yes, sir; and she'll be surprised to see you. She wasn't expectin' you for another week."  "I'll go to my room, Nora; and you can tell her I've come."  He bounded up the stairs and sought his room on the third floor. It was a big, comfortable apartment, furnished and decorated in boyish taste, though with a degree of luxury. Through an open door he caught sight of a white porcelain bathroom.  "Gee!" mused the new arrival. "That's inviting. It's good to get back. Dear little Mumsy! She always has everything so spick and span."  He felt travel-worn and dusty, having come from more than halfway across the continent. Hastily he disrobed, and after a shower and rubdown, got into fresh things. Standing before his dresser, ad- justing his tie with meticulous exactness, he heard a knock.  "Come in," he called.  The door opened, and a woman en- tered. She was a beautiful woman, vital, glowingly alive. In her smooth cheeks, delicately olive, were the lovely tints of youth. Her hair, jet black, shone in lustrous waves.  But the wonder of her beauty lay largely in her dark eyes, richly brown, and now shining with the light of wel- come.