White Treasure By Cyrus Townsend Brady A THREE-PART STORY--PART III  SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING INSTALLMENTS: Barbara Le Moyne, after seeing Christopher Keene fight for his life against five Malays on the Pacific coast, rides away for help but finds, on her return, that he has disappeared. Later, in San Francisco, Barbara is courted by Longfield, who introduces Keene to her. Long- field, who has all but won Barbara's consent to marry him, has deliberately courted Keene's friendship. There is something mysterious about Longfield, and Keene's suspicions are aroused. Keene is in San Francisco in search of a clue to the scene of his fight with the Malays. The wounds he received in that encounter have wiped from his mind all memory of the location of the spot at which he had buried a treasure, brought, through great dangers, from Asia to America. Barbara unwittingly gives him the name of the bay.     VI  KEENE went away in a more happy frame of mind than had Long- field. She had not wittingly told him, but into his mind had flashed her careless words, "Bay San Juan." That was enough. He sought his room at the club, got his map and put his finger upon it at once. There! His long adventure was to end at that spot--end in success. And, a new adventure was to begin. A never-ending adventure with a woman, a woman who thought him a traitor, yet who had returned his kisses; a woman who had pledged herself to another, yet who had not shrunk from his embrace. Longfield? Sooner than permit her to degrade herself by such an alliance, he would kill her, or, better still, kill the man!  It would have been easy to dispose of Longfield, but Keene decided to let him do his worst, and, despite him, to carry out his own great design single-handed. Let Longfield look to himself. He would have need of all his finesse and trickery to stop Keene now.  Keene went to the window. Dawn      was at hand. As he looked out across the square, he saw a man lurking under the trees, staring at the building. There was something suspicious in his movements. Could it be that some creature of Long- field's was spying upon him?  Keene changed his clothes quickly. His bag was already packed. He had intended to leave for the North by the morning train. He would go now.  The streets were empty when he set forth. The city was not yet awake. That made it more difficult for the man to follow him undetected. Keene, realiz- ing how close his pursuer was, turned a corner, waited, confronted him, struck him down before he could jump back or voice a cry.  He watched the man roll senseless into the gutter. When Keene struck, he struck hard. That was his precept, or at any rate, his practice. Miss LeMoyne could bear testimony to that in the mat- ter of kisses. Longfield would also be in a position to give evidence as to his strik- ing force--later. So his thoughts ran, as he hurried down the gray street.  It was not yet ten o'clock when Long- field presented himself at Barbara Le-   114