A LEAF FROM LIFE'S NOTEBOOK   By Lillian Bennet-Thompson  LIKE a statue he stood there, silent, motionless, while the traffic surged and roared behind him and a steady stream of pedestrians poured by in front. He was very tall--over six feet--with a pair of enormous shoulders and long, powerful- looking arms. On the palms of his huge hands were great yellow callouses, showing in striking contrast to the whiteness of the skin. It seemed strange that one who had so evidently performed heavy manual labor should have skin so white and smooth.  His face, with its rugged, irregular features, might have been carved out of stone, so expressionless it was. His back was braced against a lamp-post, and in one hand he held a slender sheaf of lead pencils.  His hat was pulled well down over his forehead; he seemed to be looking fixedly at the ground. But the eyes beneath the lowered lids were sightless, and the skin about the empty sockets--skin pasty-white with that waxy, hospital pallor--was thickly sprinkled, almost pitted, with powder marks. It was as if he wore a blue- black mask over the upper part of his face.  Occasionally someone in the busy, hurrying throng would stop and press a coin into his hand; and then he would hold out the pencils and murmur: "Two for five"; but no one ever took one. It was not the pencils they wanted, nor did they dream that the vender would have given much had they bought his wares.  How could they know of the storm of shame and humiliation that raged in his soul, how suspect that every penny bestowed in kindly charity inflicted a deeper hurt than had the blast at the powder mill which had robbed him of his sight?  Charity! That was it. He was nothing now but a beggar, a parasite, subsisting upon the bounty of others. He whose splendid strength had been his one pride, he who was tireless, whose iron muscles had rejoiced in the performance of mighty feats, was as helpless as a little child. Oh, the degradation of it!  And yet--he must live; he must have food and clothes, and a roof to shelter him.  Even now, he could hardly realize that there could be no more light for him, that this thick, impenetrable darkness must endure forever. In the hospital, when they had told him that he would be blind, he had still hoped against hope. Surely when the bandages were taken from his eyes, he would be able to see. It could not be possible that his sight was quite gone; it would come back gradually. It was only when day had followed day, and week had followed week, that his bewildered mind finally grasped the appalling truth. Blind, totally blind, forever!  Hopeless, despairing, he had wanted to die--had tried to die; but the strength that had been his pride and joy mocked him now. He was too vitally alive to die; he must live on--and, since he could not work, he must beg.  And so he stood there, while the traffic surged and roared behind him and a steady stream of pedestrians poured by in front--stood there motionless, silent, with a stolid, impassive face, and a heart full of bitter, gnawing pain.  20