80 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    Mr. Holling had urged her to go. He had no intention of enhancing the at- tractiveness of any rival by putting forth objections that Hatty, in all probability, would not have regarded. Moreover, Mr. Holling had seen that the boy was raw with disappointment, and this, with all the coaching he had given Hatty on the importance of her job and her career, promised to create a situation that would make of this luncheon the last occasion that Johnny Lamb and Hatty Weller would have for any confidences. He even went out before Johnny returned.  As the two sat in the furthest corner of the somewhat out-of-the-way tea room to which Johnny had led her, he sensed the change in Hatty. But more import- ant than this, for the first time, he recog- nized a change in himself. He had gone away Johnny Lamb; he had come back Johnny Lamb; but between coming back and this moment something had hap- pened. There is really no such thing as class consciousness in America, but the war has created this: a pal consciousness and an age consciousness. Men who have stood tiptoe on the brink of hell for over a year, in company with thousands of their fellows of similar viewpoint-- Americans all--have become imbued with the sense of the cohesiveness of youth and laughter and similar ambitions. He felt all this now. As he sat there facing the problem he had never dreamed would be his--the problem of his right to work, which involved the goodwill and the pledged word of the nation itself to safeguard his interests while he was away guarding the safety of the nation-- Johnny Lamb felt that he was not alone, but that he represented a million others; that he was spokesman for every lad in sea-going blue and Flanders mud khaki; and when he did speak his very voice was deeper, vibrant with the massed volume of inaudible other voices.  It was not until the gap that preceded their dessert that he said:  "Holling told me this morning that the     old man wouldn't give me back my job. That there ain't no vacancies, and that it wouldn't be fair to chuck out anybody who suffered in my place while I was off takin' a trip for m' health. What d'you think 'bout it, Hatty?"  He watched her keenly across the table. He noted the air of new effective- ness about her.  "Think about it?" she repeated, a little startled. She, too, sensed the change that had taken place in him since his first impulsive, two-handed greeting of her when he had come into the office less than three hours before. Perceiving that she had been thinking about it, he leaned to- ward her, awaiting her words as though they would have the true stamp of final- ity upon them.  "It's a give an' take proposition, isn't it, Johnny? We--new people came in, gave up old comforts and everything, and took a hand at helpin' when the country was desp'rate. They deserve some con- sideration, don' you think? They did their share, and now d'ye wan' to turn 'em out, an' tell 'em to beat it and starve or somethin' jus' because a few men can't find other jobs?"  As he listened to her, a cold weight fell for a moment upon the sunshiny heart of Johnny Lamb. Then it van- ished. This was not Hatty's voice that he heard. The words came hard and dry, cool and merciless, selfish and, if words can be blind, they had a quality of sightlessness about them. He merely looked at her as though she were a stranger.  "This is the period of reconstruction, Johnny," continued the flaying, cruel, young voice, with the intonation of one reciting a selection--for Hatty was un- consciously quoting Mr. Holling in ef- fect. "An' periods of reconstruction al- ways make it stiff for some people. But don't you see, the last year was a reg'lar record breaker. All sorts o' things was happ'nin' to business: new changes, new workers, new methods--an' you'd have