Thomas Grant Springer 3    length, where it crawled slowly to the sea, lay the great coast cities. The lazy ripples, light-tipped, beckoned with lur- ing fingers. There was naught to stay him. His sampan was his home, and mov- able, therefore the morrow would see him turning its bow downstream to seek that strange city where, he had heard, dwelt many Foreign Devils who now and then scattered wealth with a prodigal hand. If it had been in the old days when he, a son of the Dragon, might borrow its claws, there was the loot of piracy to lure. But now the blood of the Dragon was cold and sluggish, even in the veins where it still flowed. His brethren fawned for favor, even as he must, but not to his own kind. He would go down the river, even to Shang- hai, and work, since no other means offered, until he had enough to buy a junk. Then with a few adventurous spirits aboard there was still the fighting gains of piracy along some of the river stretches. Years before it had been his fortune to serve a Foreign Devil, and he had since often met "boys" on whom he could practice the pidgin English he had acquired for just such an adventure. And so, under the magic light of the moon, he curled up in a sleep that the soft radiance warmed to a brood of dreams that would be his freight down the river till the gray hand of the dawn tapped his eyelids and bade him open them.  In that pale hour when the mist, not yet dissipated by the rising sun, lay in a cold, silver veil upon the night-chilled waters, he pushed out from the shore and pointed the sampan's prow down- stream. Days it took him to reach salt water. He loitered for light cargoes at village edges, or picked up the price of his daily rice at odd tasks ashore, but always, were it day or night for travel, his tiny craft bore surely seaward. Mile after slow mile dropped behind him, like the praying beads of a lama's chain, but at last the river salted slightly, and his     tiny craft was lifted by the slow swell of the sea's hand reaching far inland.  The river became more populous. The crowding sampans, houseboats, and junks stretched far out into its oily, oozy flow, making a floating city as he neared the congested life of the coast, where the ever-increasing population failed to find ground space in its maggoty swarming. As the stream widened until the farther bank disappeared in the artificial mist of rising smoke and man-stirred dust, the Foreign Devils' fire junks appeared, ma- jestically steaming up and down--swift swans that scorned the logy, lumbering native craft, the mat sails and toiling sweeps of which made them appear mo- tionless by comparison. A day or two of this and then the coast, with Shang- hai sprawling upon the bank, writhing with life, odoriferous, noisy, perpetually awake.  Kan Wong slid into its waterfront tur- moil, an infinitesimal human atom added to it. His tiny craft fixed itself upon the outer edge of the wriggling river life like a coral cell attaching itself to a slow growing atoll. From there he worked his way inshore, crawling over the craft that stretched out from the low banks as a water beetle might move over the flotsam and jetsam caught in the backwater of a sluggish stream. Once in the narrow, crowded streets of the city itself, he roamed aimlessly, open- eyed to its wonders, dreamily observant. Out of the native quarter and into the foreign section he moved, accustoming himself to these masters of mystery whom he was about to serve, calling slug- gish memory to his aid as his ears strove to reconstruct the meaning of the bar- barous jargon.  Into the quarter where the Foreign Devils and the native population came together to barter and to trade, he strayed one day. A Foreign Devil in a strangely unattractive uniform was ad- dressing a crowd of coolies in their own tongue. Kan Wong attached himself to