36 The Charlatan    hours, though, and I'd have lost the chance of a lifetime."  He began pouring orders into one after another of live or six telephones. His face flushed with excitement. He be- came hoarse with much shouting. Al- ways he returned to the ticker to read the vibrant message of its purple-splashed ribbon.  When the market closed that after- noon, he chuckled as he put on his hat and went out to the street, where his town car waited.  "To the Uptown Club," he said.  Brownell was a big man. somewhat spectacular, exceedingly good-looking, and a famous bon-vivant. His hair was just beginning to gray. His eyes, keenly blue, revealed a shrewd intelligence, which was well supported by the square- ness of his jaw. Under the close-clipped mustache one saw, however, a mouth that lacked something of the jaw's invincible strength. It was a mouth that might express a hint of the sensual; or, if one saw it at its best, a kindliness that belied the cold, pale light in the blue eyes. Luxurious living had made Abner Brownell a little overweight, and marked his face with a ruddiness the meaning of which was unmistakable.  Brownell dined with a couple of friends and a stranger to whom they introduced him, a giant of a man, with the unmis- takable stamp of executive ability in his high forehead, his firm mouth, and domi- nant nose.  "Oh, yes," said Abner, "I've heard of you, Strickland. You're the boy who put C. W. &amp; K. on its feet, eh? You've a nice property, I hear."  "We've a pretty good little road," said Strickland modestly.  "Little road! Huh! I don't call a couple of thousand miles of the best double-tracked right of way in the West so very little; and they tell me you did it all, Strickland. Just cleaned out that gang of crooks, and made a real rail- road of it. Some job!"     "We pay a dividend once in a while," said Strickland, shrinking from so much eulogy.  After dinner, Strickland's friends took him off with them to a theatre. Brownell stayed at the club, and read the eve- ning papers. The excitement on the Exchange had been so unusual that the news of it began under three-line heads on the first page.  "Some clean-up!" he chuckled.  He ordered a drink, which he didn't need, having had plenty with his dinner and before.  Darn it, a club was a poor sort of place when you were lonesome! Every- one seemed to have an appointment. Brownell became exceedingly restless. Across his vision floated a pair of dark brown eyes, in which dwelt an alluring mystery, sometimes, he thought, a bit pathetic. What was it about Anna Gage that baffled a chap so?  He had known her now for three or four years, and from time to time at his request she had exercised for his benefit that extraordinary clairvoyance of hers. She was a fascinating person- ality. Always she had held him at arm's length; but at this moment he became aware that she attracted him more than anybody else in the world had ever done in his life. He called a taxi, first drop- ping down at a writing desk and scratch- ing something hastily on a strip of paper bound with other similar pieces in a small book. This strip he tore out and thrust negligently into a side pocket.  Twenty minutes later, he ran up the steps of the Fifty-fifth Street house and was admitted by the trim maid, who showed him into a dainty reception room.  Presently Anna came in, looking ex- traordinarily beautiful, her dark eyes shining with friendliness.  "It was good of you to come so soon," she said. "I read in the papers how things went in the Street to-day. It was as I said, wasn't it?"