Elizabeth Burgess Hughes 55   his face by now, and suddenly he leaned over her and began to talk. All the pent- up tenderness for the woman who had betrayed him swept into his tremulous tones. He told her that he had long ago forgiven her, that she had never had any- thing really to fear from him, that he had loved her and known all the time that he was not good enough for her.  Her broken babbling ceased at his voice. She lay inertly, her eyes open. He wondered if she could understand what he was telling her. He went on talking, quietly enough, but in his tones throbbed everything he had ever felt for her. . . . She seemed to be rallying, re- viving; her pulse had quieted somewhat, her flesh felt cooler to the touch. But he knew that it was only that astonishing flare of energy that often comes just be- fore the end.  And then it happened. She lifted her body suddenly, almost with a spring. Her hair slipped down about her face, and she tossed it away with a quick, shaky movement. Her lacy gown showed the fine white slope of her shoulders, her splendid throat, her wonderfully molded arms. That horrible turtle-turn of Wayne's machine had crushed out her life, but it had taken little of her beauty. Her eyes stared about the room, then came to rest on him. They were sane and clear. She was conscious and she recognized him.  And in that moment Magnan knew the truth. He read those wide eyes as if he had been a clairvoyant. He saw gleaming there--hate! Hatred of the years that had followed Carpenter's death; hatred of his weakness that could not hold her in the little flat; hatred of his jealousy, which had taken-away all her chance of being a happy woman, an ordinary woman; hatred for his part in this rich house and all that filled it; hatred of-him!     That flash of recognition went instant- ly. She dropped back weakly to the bed, and lay huddled there, eyes closed. When she opened them they were no longer clear, but clouded with the mist of delirium.  For what seemed a century Magnan sat on in a stupid silence, watching her face. The blow of that revelation had left him temporarily without feeling. He heard a clock strike three, then the half- hour. . . . He buried his face in his hands.  Out of the silence Rosemary's golden tones came as electrifyingly vivid as lightning. He sucked in his breath sharply at that abrupt cry; his face went gray. . She was holding out her hands, her face convulsed with repentant en- treaty. She was trying to beg something.  "Forgive . . . forgive!"  He dropped down beside her, trem- bling. The centuries seem to whirl past him as he listened. Could he make her see that he had long ago forgiven her?  "forgive me-- Theron! Forgive--"  The dawn, unhealthily yellow--an ugly, pale yellow, like badly peroxided hair-- stole through the lace draperies. The doctor and the nurse entered the sick room almost simultaneously.  The nurse looked at the face on the pillow, touched the pulse, turned to the doctor in astonishment.  "She's sleeping naturally! She'll be conscious when she wakes. I don't un- derstand it, Doctor. She's past the crisis--she's better!"  But Doctor Parnell was looking keenly at the night watcher, who sat stiffly si- lent, his head on his breast. The doctor bent down to him, made a quick examina- tion.  "H'm!" muttered the doctor. "Heart failure."  Magnan was dead.