Live Stories FOR AUGUST OF all the prayers sent up to Heaven, laughter is the most sincere. Honest, clean smiles and laughter--the world knows nothing finer. LIVE STORIES believes in laughter. It believes in the sunglinted sentiment that harbors tears and smiles. It believes in the sincerity that flaunts its happiness and its mirth. It believes in the "wild joy of living." In the Captain Butts stories, by ROBERT CAMPBELL, there are smiles and courage. The fiery little Captain and his gloomy chief engineer will lighten your mood. Captain Butts and the Second Ark will appear in August LIVE STORIES. The fourth story in the Studies in Saffron series, by Thomas Grant Springer, is full of laughter. Ways That Are Dark is a humorous tale of a Chinaman's luck. It will be in August LIVE STORIES. You can also laugh with The Awakening, by PAUL VERNIER; The Caliph's Kiss, by ROMAINE, and The Silver Lining, by SAM S. STINSON. Then there will appear in August LIVE STORIES the first part of one of the most delightful stories published in America in many and many a long month: Bill and a Hatbox, by SOPHIE TREADWELL and WILLIAM NIGH. You will laugh a good deal, you may cry a little, and you will thoroughly enjoy this story. RICHARD LE GALLIENNE'S article, The World and the Lover, is too good, too inspiring to be missed. For heavier reading, there is Motives, by EMMA LINDSAY SQUIER; Getting Away Clean, by RAY CUMMINGS; Regeneration, by ARTHUR HOAG HOW-LAND; and The Unluckiest Man in the World, by ANDREW SOUTAR, one of the most powerful, realistic writers of the present English school. Obviously, August LIVE STORIES, on sale July 1st, is a magazine you cannot afford to miss. THE EDITORS. Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, of "Live Stories," published monthly at New York, N. V., for Apr. 1, 1919. State of New York, County of New York. Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared W. P. Voorhees, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of "Live Stories," and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the owner-ship, management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations, to wit: 1 That the names and addresses of the publisher, editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher, The New Fiction Pub. Co., 35 W. 39th St., New York: Editor, Lillian Bennet-Thompson, 35 W. 39th St., New York; Managing Editor, Grove E. Wilson, 35 W. 39th St., New York; Business Manager, W. P. Voorhees, 35 W. 39th St., New York. 2. That the owners are: The New Fiction Pub. Co., 35 W. 39th St., New York; W. M. Clayton, care of Franklin Trust Co., 46 Wall St., N. Y.; A.M. Clayton, care of Franklin Trust Co., 46 Wall St., New York; W. L. Daniels, 8 Linden Court, Jersey City, N. J.; Mary A. Loeber, 17 Trenton Ave., White Plains, N. Y. 3. That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: none. 4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders, if any, contain not only the list of stockholders and security holders as they appear upon the books of the company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security holder appears upon the books of the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or cor-poration for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders and security holders who do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him. Signed, W. P. Voorhees, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this eighteenth day of March, 1919. Gust. Frenzel, Notary Public, Rockland County. Certificate filed in New York County, No. 139. (My com-mission expires March 31, 1919)