Florence Baier 99    "‘Then why?" he asked insistently.  "It's Carlotta. I want to see Car- lotta."  Desperately, she had given him the simple truth. Behind everything, she was aware of her sister as she might be aware of an idea strangely personal to herself. She had established a more es- sential communion with Carlotta than with anyone alive; and at the parting every fibre of her being cried out for some last contact.  "But I will not tell her," she added, as she saw the stern line about the man's mouth. "I promise you that I won't tell her, Cedric."  They were close to her own door, and he followed her into the dim hall. The silence into which her promise had fallen grew deep and intense. Through her half-veiled eyes, she saw his profile, brown and boyish, and the curves of his face and shoulder, motionless in that moment of tense quiet. Almost against her will, she swayed toward him and found herself imprisoned in his arms. His lips, hot and eager, fell on her face and throat. She drank in the poignant rapture of his caresses, giving him back kiss for kiss when his lips sought hers. Her very blood seemed to bubble with joy. Even when she had let him go, and stood for a moment leaning against the door that she had just closed behind him, a triumphant happiness filled her, drove all doubts away.  Upstairs, she found Carlotta in her room. She was standing beside the lit- tered bed, examining a frock flung across its foot. They were very like. They had the same creamy skin and pointed chin, the same brown hair that showed coppery threads in sunlight, the same long, flexible hands. Camilla was easily the more beautiful, but Carlotta had a sparkling charm that gave her piquancy. They smiled at each other good-humoredly.  "What does it all mean?" Carlotta asked. "Are you cleaning house?"  "I--I'm sending some things back to     the dressmaker. A boy is coming for the boxes in half an hour."  "Where's Lizette?"  "I'm going to pack these myself. Have you been in all the afternoon?"  "No, I've been walking." Carlotta yawned and glanced at her watch. "Archie Carstyle was with me."  Camilla hardly heard what Carlotta said. Her happiness ebbed a little. Thought followed thought in an instan- taneous succession, contradicting, refut- ing one another. As her hands folded and packed, it seemed to her that her old life was running out like the last strag- gling sands in a glass. Cedric had said that love meant life, and she knew that it was true. All the years that she had been John Mackensie's wife had been as if she had not lived at all. She wanted to live ardently, to the furthest reach of feeling. That was to be in the years to come. Cedric was offering her his strange, sweet love; and presently, with the gift, life would be made over.  "You've had that gown for ages," Car- lotta's cool voice came to her. "You're sending that back to the dressmaker's?"  "It needs--refitting." Her hands fal- tered. She looked up to see that Carlotta was searching her face with wide, startled eyes.  "Milla," she said, "are you running away with Cedric Dewing? Is that it?" Something within Camilla gave way, like the breaking of a taut cord. Her hands shook a little as she smoothed out the gown.  "What's the use of lying, Milla? Of course, I'm surprised. I've always thought your sense of convention was so obdurate that fear alone would keep you safe. It's rather odd--"  "What would you do?" Camilla inter- rupted. "What would you do in my place? You know better than anyone what a poor business life has been."  "But you've made it do, haven't you. Until you met Cedric Dewing, you made it do, just as I have."