14 The Harbor    put there by pain and sorrow. Notice- ably, also, there was a certain look of desperation.  She was tall, magnificently tall, with a white throat and a shielding depth of breast. Her clear gray eyes were shaded by dusty, golden lashes and her brows curved away like slender wings. Her cheeks gleamed with the cold air, and her drooping, discouraged mouth was surprisingly crimson. Low on her neck was a great twist of pale hair, dead and lifeless--the color of wet haystacks.  The woman led the cow along the path- way, pausing at a gate which sagged be- tween moss-marked gate posts. Chains gave forth a rusty jangle of welcome, and the gate swung crookedly open. Be- tween gnarled, wind-bent trees, a path- way of ancient clamshells led away to a gaunt house. The girl paused before the rickety steps, straightened the wreath about the cow's neck, a shadow of joy slowly lifting some of the discourage- ment from her face, and called softly, her voice breaking the silent morning air into a thousand echoic halloos.  A red door, startling against the white- ness of the house, like a seal on an old letter, opened, and two figures appeared. Two tiny, bent creatures, with shawls over their heads like fairy-tale witches, came creeping out, clinging to the porch railings for support, their sunken eyes fixed in amazement on the girl and the cow.  "But Karen, the cow--and milk for winter, and milk for summer, and but- ter," one of them croaked, dropping her shawl and showing her ageworn, work- bent figure. "Karen--the money in the box?" Her voice was raised suspicious- ly and her faded eyes gleamed with anger.  "Oh, no, no, Auntie, I did not touch the funeral money. You can have the tall plum cakes as you always planned and all the trimmings on your coffin, too. I earned the extra money for the cow last month when I was up at Oysterville taking care of Captain Swenson's wife     --don't you remember--I told you about the wife of the man who had the clam factory up there? She had a baby, too, and the doctor got caught by the tide at Hug-the Coast Point, and did not get there, and I did everything for her! Her husband was frightened, it was their first baby, and he paid me well--and we have the cow!"  Karen talked as if it were hard to make the old women understand. Her sentences were stilted and her voice pitched high. It always wearied her to try to explain things to them. She paused and then added like an indulgent mother:  "Mrs. Davis did the cow up in the wreath. She said that when people are as old as you are, it is time to have fes- tivities upon their birthdays. She named the cow ‘Rosebud.' " Karen laughed and jerked the wreath into place again. "Once Mrs. Davis wore those flowers at a grand party--once when she was young and rich!" the girl added softly. It seemed very wonderful to her that one could part with anything that had meant joy and happiness.  "Karen, Karen, but you are good!" the girl's mother croaked. "Karen, my one good child!" She pronounced the name gently, making the letters form a single syllable, but putting any amount of affection into the word.  The two old women crept along the broken steps, coming nearer to pat the nose of the cow, to caress the velvet flowers, to pinch off evergreen needles and chew them between mumbling lips, glancing up every few seconds to smile at the girl, to blink kindly and content- edly at her through the strong morning light, which showed thousands of tiny crisscrosses on their leathery skins--and revealed the animal-like sadness of their shifting, rheumy eyes.  "Go back into the house now, little women, and cuddle down by the fire. Karen will take Rosebud over and milk her and very soon you shall have milk."