4 Studies in Saffron    the outer edge of the impassively cari- ous throng, his ears alert, his features, as ever, an imperturbable mask. The foreign officer, for such he seemed to be, was making an offer to the assemblage for contract labor: one dollar a day, with rice, fish, and tea rations, for work in a foreign land. Kan Wong translated the money quickly into yens. The sum seemed incredible to him. What service would he not perform for such payment? Why, within a year, or two at the very most, with careful frugality, he might return and buy himself a junk worthy of his Dragon dreams of the river. And then . . .  The officer talked on, persuading, hold- ing out the glittering lure of profit and adventure. Kan Wong listened eagerly. He had thought there was a ban on con- tract labor, but perhaps this new Repub- lican Government, so friendly to the Foreign Devil, had removed it. Surely one who wore the uniform of a soldier and an officer could not thus publicly solicit coolies without the sanction of the mandarins, or escape their notice.  Kan Wong studied the crowd. It con- tained a few Chinese soldiers, who were obviously keeping order. He was satis- fied, and edged his way closer to the speaker. There, already, ranged to one side, was a line of his own kind, jab- bering to a Celestial who put down their names on slips of rice paper and ac- cepted their marks, which they made with a bamboo brush, that they bonded them- selves to the adventure. Kan Wong gained the signing table. Picking up the brush, he set his name, the name of one of the Dragon's blood, to the contract, accepted a duplicate, and stepped back into the waiting line. To what he had committed himself he did not know; he did not care, so long as his pay was forth- coming; that it would be he had no doubt, for tbe Foreign Devils, especially those who spoke the English tongue, were famed for their honesty. They were not like the Portuguese, whose tongue was     the father of lies. Strange they were, it is true, but good masters to serve. Having bound himself to them, his way lay with them across the sea that stretched out to the east, away from the river on which his life had been spent so fruitlessly, and to which he would not return until he could mount its tide with the honor to which he felt that his blood entitled him.  His pay and his rations, he was told, would begin two days hence, when he was to report to the fire junk now lying at the dock, awaiting the human cargo of which he was a part. Kan Wong mem- orized the directions as he turned away from his instructing countryman. Of the Foreign Devil he took no further notice. Time enough for that when he passed into service. The God of Luck had smiled upon his boldness, and, re- flecting upon it, Kan Wong turned back to the river and the sampan that had so long been his floating home. No senti- mental memories, however, clung about it for him. Its freight of dreams he had lauded here in Shanghai, marketing them for a realization. The sampan now was but the empty shell of a water beetle, that had crawled upon the bank into the sun of Fortune to spill forth a dragon fly to try newly found wings of adven- ture.  He found a customer, and, with much haggling after the manner of his kind, disposed of his boat, the last tie, if tie there were, that bound him to his present life. Waterman he had always been, and now had come to him the call of the Father of All Waters. The tang of the salt in his nostrils conjured up dreams as magical as those invoked by the wand of the poppy god. Wrapped in their rosy mantle, he walked the streets for the next two days, and on the third he took his way to the dock where lay the fire junk that was to bear him forth into the wonders of the Foreign Devils' land. Larger she loomed than any he had ever seen, larger, oh, much larger, than those