60 Someday    away from home because my aunt wanted me to marry a wealthy undertaker."  "What an ideal!" said Teddy. "I'm in the advertising business myself."  Yesterday I went up and talked to the radiator about Alice.  "I miss her very much," he told me with a sigh. "She was such a nice girl. She used to tell me all sorts of interest- ing things about herself; about her school days, and her college days, and her wealthy and stingy aunt who wanted her to marry some man she didn't want to marry, and how she ran away and became a stenographer, and lost her job when she confused the words ‘lost' and ‘found' in a letter. Then she went to work in a factory, but lost out there too."  "She was a nice girl," said the ra- diator, "but not very practical."  "That was one of her charms," he added as an afterthought.  "She married a cousin of the Joneses," he went on after a while. "It was quite a shock to them, as nobody in the family had ever before married a servant girl. ‘I never heard of such a thing.' I heard Mrs. Bellers say when he told them about it. But he married her."  "Are they reconciled--the Joneses, the     Bellers, and the bridal couple?" I asked.  "Quite," said the radiator. "Her aunt was so glad to hear that she was safely married that she forgave her everything. At least, that's what I heard, but these days the house isn't what it was. You know, we have no cook, can't get one. It's awful."  "So everybody is happy," I said.  "Everybody but Mrs. Jones," said the radiator. "When she heard that Teddy was going to marry Alice--she used to sit just where you are standing--she said: 'And just as she was getting trained!' I don't think she is over it even now. Cooks are hard to get these days, you know."  At that moment, there was a swish in the hallway and in came Alice, sparkling, furred, gay. She did not see me simply because I have the fascinating power of making myself invisible when I want to do so.  She slipped over to the old radiator and sat down on the floor and felt it with her hands.  "Dear old thing!" she said. "Dear old thing!" said Alice-sit-by-the-radiator, and there was a confused sputter heard, the sort that radiators make when they are half crying and half laughing.     SOMEDAY  By Marvin Luter Hill SOMEDAY I shall not tremble when you speak And that your lashes fall In ebon fringes on your flower cheek I shall not care at all. Yet--it may be that my dead eyes will stare (Tortured by all I missed) Forever at your eyes, your wind-blown hair, The lips I never kissed.