Ethel Watts Mumford 19    guess we'll [h]ev no more of your lip, Miss Fontaine. And as fer you, Elizabeth Peck, go get yer darned Tom-cat, an' go home, where ye belong!"  Mary fell back a few short paces.  "Oh!" she gasped. "Oh!"  Miss Peck recovered her voice with a snap.  "Me nor my cat will have nothin' more to do with you, John Peck--never, for what ye dare to say against Mary Allen. Neither me, nor my friends, nor my cat, nor my money, is none of yours!"  "Thank you, Miss Peck." A calm voice behind them spoke, and Robert Thomas stepped forward. With a cour- teous inclination he passed the two women. "Mr. Peck," he drawled, "I want to explain something, and I'll see that that explanation is in every paper to-morrow. Miss Fontaine, or Miss Al- len--I don't in the least care which, has done me the honor to consent to become my wife. I think, in view of your very enlightening insults, the sooner the bet- ter."  Mary, with a sudden, choking gasp, turned and buried her face on Miss Peck's shoulder. Her whole body was tense, and the hands that clutched her friend's thin arms were shaking.  "And now that that's understood, Mr. Peck, I'll add that your sister will be our very welcome guest. And I'll remark that if you importune her in any way, it will be the worse for you!"  John Peck laughed.  "Ye can tell all that to the marines," he jeered, "but I'll take that fool woman outer your clutches, if I hev to hev her judged incompetent."  "John Peck, John Peck!" Miss Eliza- beth's voice rang with menace. "If you don't git, an' git quick, I'll sue you for every red cent you ever borrowed from me, I will; an' I know about yer bank account, John, the one you keeps on the quiet over to Boston. An' what's more, when some as I know of finds out about that there Boston account, I guess you'll     learn to pay yer honest dues, an' leave them that's only askin' to live honest in their own groove, alone!"  A look of blank amazement settled on John Peck's face. His clenched hands relaxed and began to fumble nervously at his pockets. He moistened dry lips, cleared his throat, and stepped back.  "You can go to perdition!" he croaked. "Yer no sister of mine."  He heaved his broad shoulders through the narrow doorway, and the clack of his retreating steps sounded in the alley.  Robert Thomas turned. The hand that he laid on Mary's heaving shoulder was very gentle.  "I guess you were right," he said soft- ly. "I've--my vision has been wrong-- about women."  The girl turned to him with a sob.  Miss Peck smiled benignly on them both, with the sweetness of one who knows no guile. Then her lips twitched; her rusty laugh broke out.  "My!" she ejaculated. "Weren't it just Providcnce that I guessed right? I've always been certain he was miserin' over to Boston--but I didn't know till I saw his jaw plumb fall off."  Giggling and nudging, like a boarding school released, the show girls began to riot down the chute. The turbulent stream sobered respectfully as it bubbled past the author and the star, and broke again into ripples of talk and laughter as young feet danced down the hard flagstones to the street.  Miss Peck sighed happily.  "Ain't they sweet--ain't they just sweet? I wonder how all their mothers can do without 'em. My! It must be lonesome when they go." She sighed again. "Law, it jest rests me to look at 'em. 'Pears like I found my groove."  The playwright turned toward her, the light of sudden understanding in his eyes.  "As I live!" he exclaimed, "I've got you --I'm on. I'll be hanged if you aren't the Mother Superior of the Chorus! That's what--the Mother Superior!"