124 White Treasure    Keene's hard, adventurous career, so that to find the woman was his only re- course. Unwittingly she had his secret. Whether she concealed it in scabbard or under rock he must have it.  For Keene had forgotten where it was his Malays had attacked him! That blow on the head had done just that, nothing more. Everything else was clear to him. He could trace the whole ter- rible journey. Every desperate en- deavor, every infinite hazard, every ob- stacle, natural and human, was etched upon his brain. He knew how, when the Russian Revolution occurred, he and young Seymour had fled from Baku, where he represented a great American corporation. He recalled the idea that had come to him as he drove his motor- boat across the wind-lashed waters of the Caspian. He knew how, with Seymour's devoted backing, he had fought with the rude miners of the Urals, matching his cunning and wit and strength against theirs.  He could vividly recall the incredible route the Germans, who had gotten wind of his design just too late, had forced him to take by closing to him the ordi- nary routes. It would have been com- paratively easy to have taken the trans- Siberian railway to Vladivostok. But that way was barred by the German in- fluence. He laughed as he thought how he had outwitted them; how he had packed his precious cargo across the mountains, down the sea, over the deso- late plateau of Turkestan via the ancient Oxus River, and into China, over the fearful horrors of the Baraghil pass.  He remembered how he had toiled up the historic Indus with an ever-changing set of bearers, spurred to terrific feats of progress in the wild Himalayas by the stern admonition and desperate energy of their master. Man after man had died. The way he had come was blazed with corpses, but he had kept on. And yet by each body, bleaching in the sun or freezing amid the snow, lay a weight of     precious cargo, to bring which no price had been too great to pay. What he had perforce left behind had been invaluable, but what he managed to carry on was enough.  From the Indus, he had crossed the mountains by ways never before trod of men, until he reached the head waters of the sacred Brahmaputra. From there on, his progress had been easier. He rec- ollected the hot, feverish crawl along the east shores of the Bay of Bengal, the crossing of the Malay Peninsula, the careful avoidance everywhere of Euro- peans. He had escaped again and again from the network of spies and agents of Germany, who had been warned that he had been held back from the trans-Siber- ian Railway, and that he must eventually arrive somewhere on the Indian Ocean or the Pacific littoral. They had picked up his trail only to lose it and him when he embarked for that long voyage across the Pacific, from the perils of which even a spirit as hardy as that of Drake or Ma- gellan might have shrunk. He had, in default of anything else, decked over and rebuilt a Malay kapal for the cruise--a vessel to make a real sailor laugh, yet it had served!  His design was temporarily to conceal his treasure somewhere on the shore, to take his Malay crew down to San Fran- cisco, ship them back to Singapore, and then choose his own time and his own way to dispose of it.  On that voyage the greatest of calami- ties had befallen him. Young Seymour, so brave, so gallant, so faithful, had at last succumbed to the strains and the hardships that had almost broken down the rugged Keene himself. Keene re- membered how they had buried the young man in the fog into which they had run a few days' sail from the Pacific Coast. He had said what prayers he could remember and improvise, as he launched into the dull gray sea the body of his faithful friend and fellow-work- man in the great adventure, while the