W. Carey Wonderly 111    divertisement is now in its second year at the Adelphi Theatre, London, where it is running under the name of "The Boy." With such a basis for its plot, it would seem that the entertainment couldn't possibly go wrong, and for once the rule holds good. We are provided with an evening's pleasant pastime.  The plot, while not remarkable for its freshness, is undeniably funny. Milli- cent Cavanaugh, a widow with one son, has married Horatio Meebles, chief ma- gistrate of the Bromley Street police court. Since her age is a delicate subject with the lady, she has calmly struck off five or six years, though this has proved to be something in the nature of a boom- erang since it keeps Hughie, the son, in Eton jackets and makes him out to be fifteen years old instead of twenty--and Hughie doesn't feel fifteen years old. At the parties, he kisses all the pretty girls because Hughie's "just a boy." Like- wise, he has fallen in love with his music mistress, a most delectable young person known as Joy. Hughie and Joy furnish the subject for the motif of the musical score, an arresting little number named "I Am So Young and You Are So Beau- tiful."  But news reaches Mrs. Meebles of the arrival in London of Colonel Bagot from Bengal. The Colonel is Hughie's god- father and knows to the day the date of Hughie's birth. Mr. Meebles has in- vited Colonel Bagot to dine with them the next evening, and Mrs. Meebles trembles for the result. After her guests have gone, she prevails upon her sister to accompany her to the Colonel's hotel, where she will explain the defect in her son's age, and trust to Bagot's honor. But before Mrs. Meebles and her sister Diana can get away, Master Hughie ap- pears upon the scene not in Eton jacket but in evening clothes, and he inveigles Mr. Meebles into going with him to a masquerade supper dance at the Cosmos Hotel. Mr. Meebles, sorely tempted, falls, and sets out with his stepson.     The second act, at the Cosmos Hotel, introduces Hughie and Mr. Meebles at table with some pretty girls. When we consider that Hughie is "so young," it must be admitted that he is a very fair picker, and thoroughly familiar with the night life of London. Joy turns up at the Cosmos, and also Colonel Bagot, of course. Then come Mrs. Meebles and Diana, who have followed the Colonel there. After some narrow escapes, and when the entire cast is assembled within the walls of the hotel, a raid occurs. Policemen's whistles are heard; there is the flash of lanterns; the lights are ex- tinguished and the proprietor begs every- one to hide. There is a really funny scene in which Mr. Meebles and Mrs. Meebles hide under the same table in the dark, without one knowing who the other is. But the police are coming upstairs, and Hughie, feeling his responsibility, comes for Mr. Meebles and helps him to escape over the skylights. The others are not so successful, and Mrs. Meebles and Diana, Colonel Bagot and Diana's fiance are arrested and taken to the Bromley Street police court.  Here Magistrate Meebles shows up the next morning, much the worse for his night at the Cosmos. He has no mind to be troubled by anything or any- body. When he is told there are two women outside who have been taken in a raid, Mr. Meebles sentences them to six days in the workhouse. In vain, the chief clerk and the sergeant try to reason with Mr. Meebles. They implore him to see the ladies before passing sentence, but Mr. Meebles is the victim of "the morning after," and the ladies fall under his displeasure. He orders them to the workhouse, and then goes home.  Of course, the ladies are none other than Mrs. Meebles and Diana, a fact which the chief clerk knew but the magis- trate didn't. So the clerk, instead of obeying Mr. Meebles, appeals to his su- perior, the chief magistrate, one Mr. Burridge, who sends the ladies home.   8--L.S.