Cyrus Townsend Brady 121    "Stranger, I reckon here's where we cash in," said Dempsey. "I axes your pardon for bein' sech a fool."  "Yes, you do, unless--"  Von Langfeld paused and looked at the two bound men.  "Unless what?" asked Dempsey, Keene disdaining to speak, knowing that neither he nor any other man of honor could accept any proposition the German would make.  "Unless Keene tells me where the platinum is and confesses in writing that he is a traitor."  "And what'll you do with his confes- sion?" asked Dempsey.  "Show it to Miss LeMoyne," answered von Langfeld.  "Well, what's the answer?" continued the sheriff, looking at his fellow prisoner.  "What would your reply be?" asked Keene in turn, smiling a little.  "See him damned first."  "Exactly. We are agreed."  Von Langfeld swore savagely, reached -forward and struck Keene heavily across the mouth.  VII  When Barbara LeMoyne descended from the sleeping car at Bay San Juan station that morning, and confronted the quiet little man with whom she had con- versed the day before, and who had come up on the same train, it would be hard to say which was the more as- tonished. The two stared at each other until the man broke the silence.  "Miss LeMoyne, what are you doing here!" he asked severely. "This is no game for a woman."  "Not when she is the stake for which men play?"  "Ah, I see," he added reflectively.  "And, now that I am here I mean to help--" She paused.  "Whom?" he asked.  "You."     "Good!" said the little man, who had shrewdly appraised her. "This war has taught us that women are absolutely to be depended upon. I have learned dur- ing the night that the man I am after came here."  "Mr. Keene?"  "Certainly, and others perhaps. Now I want to get to the place where you saw that battle of which you told me. And if I can get a good man to guide me, and perhaps help me, so much the better."  "I can guide you myself. I know every foot of the way."  "You could be of no help in--"  "Could I not? Try me."  "By Heaven, I will. Let us get some horses and go. Are you ready? Speed is imperative."  "I'll be ready when the horses are, Mr. Stevens," she answered, turning to- ward the rude hotel across from the station. "If you can get hold of a man named Dempsey, tell him Miss LeMoyne wants him."  As they mounted the horses, the man told the woman that Dempsey had gone away the day before with Longfield, into the wilderness, no one knew where.  And that was how and why the wom- an, looking down from the bare hilltop as she had done a few months before, saw Keene assaulted a second time. Only now it was no savage, uncivilized Malay who sought to stab, but Longfield who struck him, bound and helpless.  But this time Barbara LeMoyne did not scream as she had done before. She watched Keene reel under the blow which he could not return, and noted with thankfulness that it was not re- peated. She saw the cowardly assailant turn away. Her eyes were opened at last. She could almost rejoice over what she saw, save for Keene's sake. It had enlightened her. She knew now which was true man, which was traitor, and which she loved. She looked at the man at her side. He, too, had seen, of course