Robert W. Sneddon 51    The baby sucking at the bottle coughed and a dribble of milk ran down his chin. Gravault wiped it off and looked piteous- ly at his old friend.  "Perhaps it will be better, Chautard, if you put out your cigarette," he sug- gested timorously.  Chautard drew down his eyes from the roof and flashed an angry look at him.  "Dieu!" he snarled bitterly, "I have lost everything. Would you deprive me of my only consolation?"  The soldier in the corner stirred un- easily.  "See here, you," he said in a peremp- tory tone, "the order was ‘lights out.' Are you going to obey, or must I make you, old man?"  He thrust his heavily mustached face toward the notary.  "If you must smoke, put your head out of the window."  "And catch cold. Very likely! Do you know who I am, young man?"  "I don't care," answered the soldier simply, "but I know what you are. You are the prince of selfish old rascals." Chautard glared at him a moment, then with a gesture of fury tore the cigarette in two and flung it out of the window.  "Ah, that is better," said the soldier with a grin. "Now we can be friends all round, eh? Pardon my words, m'sieu, but I have a baby at home, and I know when to smoke and when to do without it." Then he added seriously: "We must take care of the babies, we others. They are the hope of France, eh? You look tired, old boy. Perhaps if I took the baby for a little, you might sleep."  He stretched out his strong arms and took little Victor. Gravault sighed with relief. The monotonous jolting of the tram was making him nod. He could see that Chautard, his head bent on his breast, had dropped off to sleep.  "A moment's rest, then, mon brave, if you will be so kind," he said drowsily and closed his eyes.     When he opened them again, it was broad daylight. The train was still crawl- ing along. The poilu had Victor on his knee sitting upright.  "Bon Dieu!" Gravault cried in con- sternation as he came to his senses. "I have been asleep, and the little one had to be fed."  "Don't worry. My comrade ran out at a stop and got the bottle filled," said the temporary nurse. "He swallowed it down like a little sucking pig. It is a brave little fellow, and not a whimper out of him. And look, m'sieu, how he is laughing now. You will laugh yourself. Another performance, bag of tricks."  With a grin, the other soldier tied a knot in his handkerchief and put his fore- finger in it; then draping the cloth about his hand, there was a little puppet with a pointed cap, whose arms (the thumb and second finger) gesticulated violently, now folding across his breast, now calling upon heaven for vengeance on the Boche, now extended as if in benediction.  "The little preacher, m'sieu," the con- triver confessed shyly.  "It is amazing," said Gravault. "I must remember this. Let me see. Ah! It is very simple, after all."  He glanced over at Chautard, who ap- parently was still asleep. Through the window he could see the gaily painted villas growing closer and closer to each other, the thickening of traffic on the roads.  "Is it Paris already then?" he asked.  The nurse sprang to his feet, and thrust his head out of the window.  "Paris? Yes. Now we're happy, eh, boy? Look out, youngster. What an experience for you. Paris! You're still there, old Eiffel!"  "I went up the tower in the year of the Exposition," said a dry voice. "The view was superb. And what mushrooms for lunch!"  "Ah, you are awake, old boy," cried the soldier heartily. "Now you will get your smoke. No offense, I hope, m'sieu."