50 Sympathy   Rest? How?  In the first place, Americans must learn to sit still. We waste untold mil- lions in vital power in simply crossing and uncrossing our legs, in wriggling our bodies, in drumming with our fingers, in darting hither and thither. Sit still! Suppose the barber does keep you wait- ing five minutes? What if the train is half an hour late? Don't rush frantic- ally for a newspaper and read the same old dispatches for the fourth time. Sit still and rest. Relax! Let the nervous energy reservoir of your brain fill up a little. That five minutes or half an hour of respite from strain is a blessing, not an exasperation. It may be worth hun- dreds of dollars to you. It may save you from heart failure or apoplexy.  In the second place, Americans must learn not only to sleep enough at night (eight or nine hours) but to sleep at odd times, to take little naps during the day. There are tales, probably not true, of great men who have managed to get     along with four or five hours' sleep a day.  Napoleon!  Well, who wants to imitate Napoleon? He was fat and died of cancer twenty years before his time.  Edison!  As a matter of fact, Edison replenishes his brain by frequent naps, some of them long naps. He has mastered the precious art of sleeping at any time, in any place.  The greatest woman in the world, Sarah Bernhardt, told me that for years she has cultivated this habit of taking naps during the day, five or ten minutes as opportunity offered. Often, during arduous rehearsals, she would lie down on a rug for a snatch of sleep, saying as she did so:  "Go right on with the scene. Wake me in fifteen minutes."  And so, despite the loss of one leg, she is actively in the game to-day, tour- ing the world at seventy-four, still hold- ing thousands enthralled by her art, because she has learned to rest.     SYMPATHY  By Annie Crim Leavenworth   THE dewy, blue eyed violets, They smiled at me to-day. They've not been here the whole long year That he has been away.  But now that he is coming home, Their fairy faces glow. The dewy-eyed blue violets-- I wonder if they know!