Roger Hartman 39    "You mendacious graybeard! You've been deceiving us all for years. I thought you were no older than I. There--let's not talk about it." She snapped her fingers. "There goes the calendar. Sit down and talk to me nicely, Jim. I haven't seen you half enough, these last few months. I've missed you."  I lowered myself into a chair as if I were seventy. I had my part to play for her, and Marcia's eyes are shrewd and keen. Age--age--there was my cue. Marcia would be comforted at every sign of it I showed. And, if I hoped to stand by her when the crisis came, she must come to be sure of me again--to think of me as she had thought of me before Cresson came. I could foresee the ugly rocks that lay before her in the channel.  I saw her rather often, after that. I comforted her, you see. She kept her pity out of her eyes and tone, but I could feel it always, feel her sense of youth quicken in her as she regarded me. It is not easy, when you are forty-five or so, to have the woman you have loved for years look toward you as a sort of bulwark against old age. But I knew that the time was coming when Marcia would need me horribly, and I meant to stand by. I had no thought of anything beyond that service, though sometimes I felt my nerves leap and quiver like a boy's when her hand touched mine.  It was months after that interview that I stood on the wide, flagged terrace of Harry Loring's Long Island palazzo, the sunken, formal garden, silver and black under the moon, the white marbles ghost-gray about me, and saw the spark leap from the soul of Porter Cresson to the vivid, eager youth of Edith Strang. There was a strange, insistent atmos- phere of unreality about it--the sense of something theatric, staged cleverly against an obscure background for a subtle emphasis on the figures and faces. I had foreseen a little of what impended. Ever since Edith Strang had come from     her years abroad, a wonderful bit of human artistry, like the intricately per- fect figurines one finds on old China, a restless, fiery spirit in a body that made me think of a bacchante caught and prisoned in stays and petticoats, I had known that Porter Cresson found in her an appeal that mocked at his honest ef- forts at resistance. The girl herself, surfeited with cheap devotions, sur- rounded by a ludicrously servile crowd of tailor's-dummy males, must have felt and gloried in the combat she stirred in a man who mattered--a man like Cres- son. I liked her. She was far above the hateful habit of small women who snare men for idle sport. It was not her fault that something in her drew Cresson ir- resistibly, nor was it his fault that he was drawn. He was a drowning man. He fought hard, and he kept his head above the waters till that night at Loring's. Then, as the girl slipped through one of the tall, wide windows to the terrace, I saw him follow her. There was that in his eyes that told me he had reached the end of his strength. I went after them. It is a queer conviction, that firm belief that each of us holds it in his power to avert disaster by his mere pres- ence. It seemed to me that I could stop the mischief, even then.  As I stepped into the shadow of the wall and looked about for them, I saw it happen. She stood motionless in the clear space by the pool, the moon full on her, her head up and back, her arms at her sides; a woman waiting, unafraid, remorseless. And Cresson went to her like a man carried onward in the grip of some outer force. I saw his hands lift suddenly and hers rise to meet their groping gesture, saw them stand so, frozen into immobility like carved marble, saw them sway together. Even a man whose youth is twenty years be- hind him could understand the force that moved them into that embrace. Love laughs at locksmiths, does it? What a feeble saw! When love snaps his fin-