Ethel Watts Mumford 15   A frown darkened the girl's bright face.  "I couldn't sleep," she explained. "I was worried and--and--restless. Oh, I'm so glad you came." Her eyes sought the older woman's face adoringly. "Tell me the worst," she burst out. "How short are you going to stay with me? When do you have to go back--the very last minute?"  "I'm never going back at all," said Miss Peck. "If you don't mind, Mary, I'll travel with you awhile, if I won't be in the way. I made up my mind when I seen the paper, sayin' you was here in the ‘Glory Hallelujah' company, but I didn't know how I could make it so I didn't send no word."  "What! Have you eloped for good? How wonderful!" Miss Fontaine bounced with delight.  Miss Peck put away her hands again with her lingering folding gesture. "Yes," she said, "I sorter cleaned up on what I seen was my duties. We all got our just burdens, but there's them that's unjust. Mr. Paul wrastled with me, and John tried to shanghai me, but I seen no reason to give up. I told 'em I hadn't ever found my real groove in life, but I meant to find it. I don't see why it ain't possible to do right, and what you want to, at the same time. I notice the men seems to manage it."  "Did they know you were coming to me?" demanded Mary Allen.  "Sakes, no!" Miss Peck shivered at the thought. "That wud have finished it! Why, my dear, since you've been a play actress, your name ain't mentioned 'cept by the real bad boys." Miss Peck laughed, an amused, tolerant laugh.  But Mary Allen's face flamed.  "Well, I like that!" she exclaimed; then her eyes grew troubled. "What's be- come of Cousin Hilda Safford?" she in- quired after a moment's pause.  "Why, after you went, she married Lef Taylor. They live in the old Taylor mansion up Ridge Street."     "Has she ever asked for me?" said Mary, her voice lowered.  "No. But you've got no call to keep her on your feelin's, Mary. If ever a woman nagged a girl into takin' the bit in her teeth, your Cousin Hilda nagged you. It was just jealousy, Mary, because you're purty. And, Mary"--she paused to feast her eyes on the tousled vision of beauty before her--"if she could see you now, she'd up and die!" Miss Peck sighed a sigh of utter content. "It just rests me to look at you. I don't know what the Lord put into me to make me love purty young things so, but I do. All my life I've loved 'em--flowers an' peo- ple an' cats, an' silks an' satins, an' ba- bies, an' pictures an' gold frames. Why, Mary dear, it's that strong in me that I've passed the Fish House at night-- that was before the town went dry--and just seen the lights through the windows shining on all that bar-glass an' blue an' green an' yellow bottles, an' heard that big music-box goin', an' I've just longed to be a man an' go in there an' see it all an' hear it. Mary, do you know, in all my life I've never had any fun! I've never had a laugh that didn't have a bite in it!"  Mary put out a smooth, beringed hand.  "Miss Elizabeth. I wonder--I wonder did you need me as much as I needed you? You--you've had the courage to see straight, to fight your way against your environment, because you saw you were ‘in wrong.' Oh. Miss Elizabeth, I've got to do that, too! I know you don't understand, but never mind that, not now, at least. If John threw your wardrobe out of the window we've got to go shopping, haven't we? I'll get right up." She was already kicking her slim feet into the worn blue satin mules at the foot of the bed.  In a daze of happiness, Miss Peek watched the erstwhile Mary Allen grow in beauty under Mattie's skilful fingers. Such shining boots with white kid tops, and such a simple tailored suit of blue.