Elmore Elliott Peake 75    must continue to tramp the road of life with leagues between us?"  She took his hand, with a sad little smile.  "For a time, at least. Maybe, some day at sunset we shall by chance or kind fate pause at the same wayside inn and thenceforth go on together."  "Is that a pledge?"  "Yes."  "And will you seal it?"  She took his cheeks between her palms and, bending forward, kissed him--as solemnly, as chastely, as if the green- wood were a cathedral and the tree under which they sat an altar.  IV  The Reverend Gordon Hughes sat in his study in the rear of Summerfield Church. A drizzle of rain misted the windows over, and the gloomy room seemed a reflection of his soul. It was one of those moments when the sin and woe of the little world to which he minis- tered weighed too heavily upon him. In the past hour--an hour reserved for the purpose--he had received three callers, all women and all seeking solace. He hoped no more would come. But just as a neighboring tower-clock tolled five, the usual signal for his release, the bell again whirred and he admitted Aline Post.  Though he had never seen her outside the choir-railing, Gordon Hughes had more than once been acutely conscious of his soloist's rare beauty--and he was under forty and still fancy free. But now, confronted by her unexpectedly, in the wake of the plain faces of his recent callers, he was fairly startled by the delicate colorng and texture of her olive skin and the clean, sharp chiseling of her nose and mouth. Her free, sure stride; the proud uplift of her shoulders; the gleam of a tapering arm through gauze- these things were like the sudden     vision of a beautiful moth where only bats were accustomed to flit.  "I scarcely know why I am here, Doc- tor Hughes," she began, with visible agi- tation. "You will doubtless think it strange. But I know that you set aside this hour for people who are in trouble. I am in trouble. I thought you might help me."  "I shall certainly do my best," he as- sured her. "Just telling one's troubles is often a help."  "I can't tell you everything, but--my father is an invalid, and I support the family. I have a wayward brother who is also an expense to me. I am not in need of money," she added quickly, "at least, not in any way that you could help me. I didn't come for that."  She paused, crushing her meshed purse in her hands, as if summoning resolution.  "Since coming here, two years and more ago, I have had my share of struggle and heartache, and I have sur- vived them. But recently something very distressing happened--it's a very person- al matter--and I seem to have lost my nerve. This great city is crushing me. Sometimes, about six o'clock, when the roar of traffic is the loudest and the crowds are thickest, it seems as godless and as cruel to me as an arena of wild beasts. It frightens me."  The minister's line face was luminous with sympathy.  "Perhaps you have overworked."  "I have worked hard, and I don't sleep well," she admitted.  "Life at one time or another presses a good deal of bitter fruit to the lips of most of us," said he kindly. "I feel sure, though, that with one of your courage the crisis will soon pass. But tell me a little more of yourself, if you will."  "My profession," said she, after a mo- ment, "is singing at social functions in well-to-do homes, I have been successful. But in trying to analyze this evil that has befallen me, I have wondered if I haven't paid too big a price for success."