108 "The Play's the Thing"    she may kiss him, which she doesn't do, thank Pete, and then he sets in to eat all the food in sight, and to talk about all the food in Europe. As paté de foi gras and caviar disappear as if by magic. Molly says that now she understands the food shortage in London. Alfred eats and eats, until even the audience feels a little faint; a restaurant next to the theatre would starve to death because one simply couldn't eat after seeing Mr. Bennett stuff himself on the stage. When Judy appears with a plate of hot biscuits, which Alfred had scorned in younger days, he promptly takes over the plate and eats at least a half dozen of its contents. A sauce, a roast, and an entree have been named for him in London; he speaks glowingly of the gastronomic delights of Rome. And he eats. How he eats! All the time poor starved Molly watches him, listens to him! It is more than human nature can stand, and finally Molly . . . speaks.  Molly says something. In spite of mother, sister, friends, Molly tells Alfred Bennett just what she thinks of him, just how she waited, trusted, starved ... for the sake of an exquisite, ethereal lover who has returned looking for all the world like Wilhelmstrasse of yesteryears. As she lays down the law, she forgets the old dress, her own increased waistline, and friendly warnings; with every move a button flies off, until she stands half out of her gown. Alfred, blandly eating at first, finally reaches the conclusion that Molly isn't such a "lily on a slender stem" as he thought. When she insists that she won't return to London with him, that she doesn't love him, anyway, there is a momentary pause. Then John comes for- ward with the announcement that Molly doesn't have to go to London with Alfred Bennett, for the good reason that she isn't his wife! He, John, had the forethought to sign his name, and not Bennett's, to the marriage papers, which makes Molly John's wife and not Alfred's. But not to be robbed of a life partner, Alfred de-     cides to marry his secretary. Miss Ches- ter, who, I am satisfied, will feed him into the grave in a year.  Charles Purcell is featured as John Moore, though the honors go to Isabelle Lowe, who plays Molly. This is said without disparagement to Mr. Purcell, who is a pleasing actor and a fine singer, as those of you who have seen his work in "Maytime" know. It is simply that "Molly" is a woman's play, and Miss Lowe is clever enough to seize each and every opportunity.  Isabelle Lowe came from the hinter- land, and it is whispered that she served a long apprenticeship in stock. So did Fay Bainter, now one of the most popu- lar of Broadway's stars. Much has been made of the fact that Miss Lowe can act. and in truth her denunciation of Alfred Bennett in the last act of "Molly" is as fine a piece of work as has been seen on the legitimate stage. A comedienne, al- most a character comedienne, this young woman has a soft, pleasing voice, and a droll little trick of screwing up her face, which the average leading lady would regard with horror, since it is fatal to one's personal beauty. But Miss Lowe is no mere beauty. She has a genuine sense of humor, and while I have a hor- ror of too solid flesh, I think she looked her loveliest when most plump.  Second honors of the performance go to Mrs. Charles G. Craig for her charac- terization of Judy. Mrs. Craig is, of course, the best known delineator of the old Southern mammy on the American stage, and she lends real strength to "Molly" in what is the chief comedy role of the little musical play. The real secret of Mrs. Craig's charm and success is that hers is the real negro character, while her imitators are merely stage darkies. Her famous aprons, especially the one with the goslings, are much in evidence in "Molly," while to see her in the gym, rolling with her "young missie " is, as they say down home, alone worth the price of admission.