The Handwriting Detective  A Department  Conducted by Louise Rice  In this Department, Louise Rice, the famous Graphol- ogist, will reveal the characteristics shown in the hand- writing of those of our readers who send in specimens, and will explain the reasons for her deductions. Each specimen of handwriting submitted must be accompanied by the coupon printed at the end of this article. To those who do not desire their reading published, Mrs. Rice will mail a personal letter, on our receipt of twenty-five cents in coin or stamps for each specimen submitted.    I BLEW into the editorial rooms of Live Stories the other day--first time in years. The girl at the tele- phone was new; she didn't know that I used to walk right in.  "Tell 'em the Handwriting Detective is on the job." I said.  She did that very thing, with a wor- ded look. But even so, I had to wait, for several of the authors whom you know very well, were before me. And, while I waited, the pretty telephone girl --do they ever have anything but a pretty telephone girl in an editorial office?-- carried on a conversation that interested me. She called a number and then said: "Yeah. . . . Listen, Carrie, I saw him last night, and he--oh--I don't know-- he's so quiet that you never can tell--" She was absent-mindedly scribbling on a piece of paper as she talked, and this is what she wrote:  I Love You I Love You Cl[]ds Now. I swear that my mother raised me not even to peep at the market list of anybody, but since I've been a hand-     writing expert--for years and years-- (fact, I assure you, although, of course, I don't look it!) I just can't make my eyes behave whenever I see anybody using a pen.  For a bit of handwriting, especially when it's done absent-mindedly, is like a searchlight suddenly turned upon a dark landscape, said landscape being a human being, whose face, hands, clothes, and manner of speech are often no more real indication of the thing within than the aforesaid landscape is indicative of what minerals lie beneath it. Oh, yes; I know that people think you can tell an honest man by his eyes, and a lot of other things about estimating character, but you ask any detective and he will tell you that criminals have the straightest, most unflinching eyes in the world. And did yon ever know one of those wide- eyed, baby-faced girls so that you were really well acquainted with her? 'Nough said!  Well, here was my pretty little tele- phone girl, demure and sedate, with a cool eye and a cooler voice and a well- marked chin. In the now popular crook play she would instantly be cast for the   111