94 The Eighth Devil    lighted her to discover anything so naive, so elemental, in a man who seemed at- tracted to her. Tommy Saulsbury, to whom she had been provisionally engaged for an experimental fortnight or two, had been tiresomely unexcited when Dick Phelps, also in a tepid fashion, had pro- posed to her. She remembered, indeed, that he had construed it, in some intricate process of masculine logic, as a compli- ment to himself. Something told her that Laurence Raeburn would not have taken it so. She was a little frightened at a revealing flash in his deep-set gray eyes, and, inevitably, attracted by the hint of danger. All in all, if Destiny had really played with their two lives that night, had dropped that pasteboard where only that fat, oleaginous speculator might find it, had led Raeburn straight to the curbstone angle where he waited for his prey, she could scarcely have managed it better.  Laurence Raeburn went home in the clutch of a nascent passion that shook him as a tree in a tempest. And Lester Paulding sat quite a long time in front of her dressing-table, studying herself through his eyes and smiling softly at the reflection.  Incidentally, her mother annoyed her father, for the better part of a conjugal post-mortem lasting a full hour, by a truly feminine assumption that it was all over but the ceremony. He did not be- lieve anything of the sort, but he had a paternal glow of satisfaction that a fel- low like Raeburn should show so much interest in his "little girl." He had been observing his daughter's friends with a growing distaste for their precocious sophistications. It comforted him to en- tertain a vision of Les safely married to a man like Raeburn--clean and honest and steady, a fixed quantity, whose fu- ture could be forecast accurately.  Raeburn displayed an unexpected ca- pacity for action. He knew only one way of getting what he wanted--and he used that way with a kind of ferocity.     On their third meeting he told Lester quite bluntly that he loved her, and he made it so different from the casual declarations of her experience that she took him soberly, instead of tormenting him with evasions.  "I--I think I care, too, Laurence." she told him. "I don't know. It's quite dif- ferent from anything--"  She saw his eyes flame redly.  "Do you mean that--that you've been interested in anybody else?" His voice choked, and his big, steady hand closed till the knuckles whitened.  She was thrilled.  "Not--not in earnest, Laurence." She was amazed to find herself on the defensive. "Of course I've liked loads of people, but never--"  His face cleared slowly.  "Then, you--you'll take me?" He was abject again, the suppliant, the suitor. She felt her power return.  "I'll have to think. I--I must be sure, you know." She watched him out of a corner of a lowered eye, anticipating the next move. She meant to let him kiss her--once. But he held back unaccount- ably. Her pride prodded her. It wasn't in nature for a provisionally accepted suitor to show self-control. She let her hand touch his and swayed ever so light- ly toward him. Still he kept himself rigid, aloof, though she felt his wrist tremble. She laughed deep in her throat.  "Aren't you going to help me--de- cide?" she whispered, and lifted her blank eyes very innocently to his. He swept her roughly into his arms, a crude, clumsy embrace, as unstudied as the kiss that hurt her lips. She struggled a mo- ment, sighed, and relaxed. It was won- derful to be really loved, after all. This was quite different.  He released her suddenly, abashed, apologetic.  "Forgive me, dear. I--I--"  She drew in a deep breath, her fingers rising to her hair, her cheeks very pink.  "You couldn't help it, any more than