Cyrus Townsend Brady 119    When the white man got the mastery over the two remaining villains, and wresting the kris from the last survivor, held him down with one hand while he thrust the Malay through the heart, he was utterly unconscious of his wounds, his weakness, his loss of blood. It was not till the engineer got to his feet that he realized his helplessness. He took a step or two, brushing the blood from his eyes, and then fell. He summoned all his resolution as he went down and barely managed to keep from fainting. He lay still for a moment, suffering agonies, and then nerved himself for a final effort. He got to his hands and knees, bound his handkerchief about his head, and, disregarding the other wounds, sufficiently serious to have in- capacitated a less resolute man, he set himself to getting rid of the bodies of the four Malays. With incredible effort and slowly, with long pauses, he managed to roll them off the cliff and into the river He knew he had come in at flood tide and that a sufficient time had elapsed for the tide to have turned, so that the bodies would be carried out to sea with the river current and the ocean ebb. He did not want any dead men about in case he should be rescued. Their bodies might give rise to awkward questions.  His painful and wellnigh impossible task accomplished, he sought to go down to the brink of the river, where his ves- sel, a square-rigged, decked-over Ma- layan kapal, was hidden in the trees that bordered a little creek. But that was beyond him. He realized that he could scarcely expect succor on that lonely coast--its loneliness having recommended it as his landing place--and that if he were to get help, he must go for it. But further progress was impossible. He tried to crawl along the cliff toward the descent up which he had come, but his slow advance soon stopped. Despite his iron determination, strength of body, mind, and will all gave way at once, and he pitched down, burying his face in the     earth. This time it appeared that he was out for good.  He was conscious of nothing. He did not hear the footfalls of a horse crash- ing through the undergrowth, treading down fallen branches. Even the cessa- tion of sound as the horse was stopped made no impression upon him. He did not know that the girl, white faced but resolute, had dismounted and had drawn her pistol, a light automatic her guide had insisted upon her carrying every- where. With her other hand, she took the flask of whisky, also a requisite in- sisted upon, from the pocket of her jack- et, and, thus doubly armed, stepped for- ward.  She could see him clearly as she came through the underbrush. At the first sight of the open, she stopped amazed. Had she not seen six men engaged in deadly struggle? Yet there was but one before her! Where were the others?  She could not answer the question, nor did it trouble her long. She noted that the one body left was that of the white man. Naturally her sympathies were all with him. He was of her race. He had been the subject of a cowardly attack and he had contended triumph- antly against overwhelming odds. These were reasons enough.  With sudden fear, she ran toward him, bent down, and, by exerting all the strength of her vigorous young arms, turned him onto his back. As she dropped her unnecessary weapon, she lifted his head and put the flask to his lips. Then she took a good look at him. His face was that of a young man; the full, dark beard did not disguise its rugged strength. His lips were white, his face lined and bronzed by toil and exposure, so that she deemed him older than he would have appeared under dif- ferent circumstances. His hair was mat- ted with blood, which had also run down his cheeks and into his beard, and which was still flowing. Her hands, as she supported his shoulder, came in contact