40 The Charlatan    friend of mine--or was. I'm afraid I'm rather in her bad books just now. Anna Gage is the most remarkable woman in New York, and the cleverest. Go and see her." "But, Brownell, what does a woman know about railroads?"  "Nothing. But you go and see her. Here, give her this."  Brownell scribbled a hasty note, thrust it into an envelope.  "I won't seal this," he said, "but if it's all the same to you, I'd as soon you didn't read it. Just go up to Fifty-fifth Street and see Mrs. Gage. If she doesn't help you, I'll buy you the finest Rolls Royce you can get in the city."  Anna Gage, late the same afternoon, sat in her study reading, or seeming to read, by the light that shone above her great carved desk, a big, leather-bound book. In reality, the words printed on the faded yellow page were quite mean- ingless to her, for she was contemplating her own soul.  Once, she reached out and took the opal globe in her hands, seeking to plumb its mysterious, milky depths for some symbol of her future; but she saw noth- ing but those cryptic whorls of iridescent liquid smoke, that seemed never at rest, wreathing and coiling within the sphere, as pale inner fires glow beneath the sur- face of a great pearl. So, sighing, she put the baffling thing from her.  Miss Brooks brought her a note, and when she recognized the handwriting of the superscription, she was tempted to drop it unopened into her wastebasket. But curiosity for the time held its own against her sense of outraged decency. Besides, the envelope was unsealed.  As she read the contents, frankly apolo- getic, she suddenly gave a little gasp.  "It can't be," she breathed. "No, it isn't possible!" Pondering, she sat a moment in deep thought. Then: "Very well. Miss Brooks," she said.  The secretary's back was no sooner turned than Anna Gage pulled open a     drawer of her desk and took from it a white veil, silken, but sufficiently con- cealing, which she threw hastily over head and face. It was a device she seldom used, holding it to be but a part of that charlatanry which she had learned to despise.  Thus it was that Joe Strickland found her in that sombre chamber, a swathed figure of mystery. Instantly his matter- of-fact mind was touched with suspicion. To himself he said:  "What kind of flummery has that chap steered me up against? A swell fortune- teller, looks like. Hope it hasn't some blackmailing scheme behind it."  The figure at the desk indicated a big chair, and he sank into it with a gingerly, sheepish air.  "You wanted to see me?" asked the lady. "I am Mrs. Gage."  "Well, I don't exactly know that I did. Brownell said I ought to. Maybe you can tell me why he thought so. I haven't an idea."  "The same Joe," thought Anna, view- ing the heavy features, the clumsily powerful shoulders, the large shapeliness of brow and temple. "The same blunt old Joe Strickland."  Aloud she said: "Mr. Brownell has written me a note, simply saying that he is sending you here. He does not tell me anything about your errand."  "He said I ought to ask your advice," said Strickland.  "I see. May I look at your palm?" The man extended a huge hand with about as much enthusiasm as a child who seeks to determine the dangers of a live caterpillar.  "Oh!" he said. "You're a palmist."  "No. This is not a profession with me. I sometimes give advice to my friends, or the friends of my friends. I am doing this as a favor to Mr. Brown- ell--to whom I owe no favors."  "He said he didn't guess he stood very strong with you," said Strickland. He hoped the woman would talk some more;