Carlotta Advises  By Florence Baier    THE Mackensie houses were the first one passed on the road to the Country Club. They stood on the crest of a long rise, each in the exact cen- tre of its thirty acres; great, squarely- set houses of tawny brick, with wide eaves and deep, shadowed porches. A brick wall shielded them from the road, and symmetrical drives wound across the sloping lawns from the similar gateways, set side by side, to the similar carriage- porches. At the back, a tree-shaded lane ran from the garden pergola of one to the garden pergola of the other, and a white stile mounted the picket fence at the boundary line; but that was a later, wom- anish development with which John and William Mackensie had little to do.  For twenty years, the Mackensies had but a single aim between them; and that, the establishment of a wool business equal in output and quality to the mills of their native town in Scotland. They spent their days in the clack of looms and card- ing machines, breathing an atmosphere filled with fine floating dust, and redolent of unwashed fleeces. The rest of the time, they merely ate and slept. They were short, stocky men, slow of speech and movement, with insignificant faces and dull, kindly eyes. John was a trifle older than William, and the intruding note of gray in his brown hair was a bit more obvious, but they had both lived so far beyond the normal marrying years that marriage came to them as something more than a simple surprise.  They were very cleverly manipulated in the matter, had they but known it. From her weather-beaten cottage, oppo-       site their boarding house, Mrs. Ayres had watched, with quite as single a purpose as their own, the Mackensie progress from nothing at all to riches. She was a plump widow with no income worth mentioning and with twin girls on her hands. It was a situation in which she fully expected to be forgiven much. In spite of her handi- cap of shabby gentility, she groomed her daughters for what she was pleased to call their destiny, and governed them shame- lessly with a weak heart. As day-pupils they attended the most select school--taking the same morning train as the Macken- sies, but giving the brothers no attention beyond a modest "Good morning," on pain of bringing on one of their mother's attacks; they took cooking lessons and learned to make delicious scones; and they had a singing-master who made a specialty of the old-fashioned ballad. Mrs. Ayres was the sort who believed that all a woman's claims on life were canceled by a nice marriage; and she achieved it triumphantly for her girls the summer they were eighteen. The dual courtship was not exciting so far as Camilla and Carlotta were concerned, and they wrinkled their noses involun- tarily the only time they ever mentioned the honeymoon; but not even they had the slightest doubts as to the propriety of their marriages.  The nine years since had served to prove them not only successful but almost identical. Breakfast was served in the morning and lights were turned out at night, almost to the minute in each house. Camilla and Carlotta ordered roast mut- ton three times a week and laid out woolen   96