88 Hawthorn Abloom   voice faltered, and when he finally spoke again it was to the little boy. "You're right. Billy kid," he said, "you're right. I'm a clown. An' clowns never mean nothin'.  Like someone who was also moving through a dream, the carefully dressed youth took the hand of the little boy. But the little boy kept right on talking.  "In my story book," he told them im- partially, "there was a Sleeping Beauty. She slept all th' time, she did. She was a princess, but I bet she wasn't any pret- tier than she"--his chubby free hand in- dicated the girl who lay on the ground-- "is. There was a prince, too. Know how he woke 'er up? He kissed her. My--"  And suddenly the Clown was kneeling again beside the still body, his painted face buried in the crook of his arm. He began to cry with great, terrible, wrench- ing man-sobs.  The Snake Charmer looked wearily at the Contortionist. It occurred to her     that he had been very still--and for a long while. Her firm hand slipped along his arm until it touched his limp wrist And then quite sharply she spoke to the little ballet dancer, who was just strug- gling up from the ground.  "You better go 'n hunt fer a doctor." she said. "I heard that some 've got here. He's"--she jerked her head to- ward the Contortionist--"he's pretty bad. ... You leave yer slippers an' tights here; I'll take care of 'em fer you!"  The little ballet dancer crept off, like a small, obedient wraith, and was lost in the darkness. The Snake Charmer sighed.  From somewhere across a bleak pile of boxes a dog howled and another dog whined as if in answer. The Snake Charmer's sigh turned: to a half-shudder.  "When th' doctor comes." she said aloud. "I'll go 'n see if I can find anythin that I kin give them dogs ter eat. . . They must be hungry!"   HAWTHORN ABLOOM By Mary Morsell  THE hawthorn hedge is all abloom. And oh, I would away, For every spring must have its love And every year its May.  Every spring must have its love While earth and I are young And there are paths for wandering And love songs to be sung.  So come, sweet Pan, my lutanist And let us on our way. Forestry spring must have its love, And every year its May.