Louise Rice 113   "How do you do it?" I asked, after I had explained to him that now I knew the real inwardness of him. "I thought that financial geniuses had to be cold and rather unfeeling, even though they were kind and honest."  "Why?" he asked me.  Well--I don't know, do you? Only, it's a way that we get into thinking. I-- even I--ahem !--who have had those years and years I mentioned of "read- ing" character in handwriting, and get- ting surprised by what I read--even I find it hard not to expect people to be what they look like or what their work appears to make of them. But, when you come to think of it, why should the ability to handle money successfully do away with the ability to love hard, or to be enthusiastic over a sunset? The business manager blushed clear up into his hair, when I got that far and said he guessed he'd better get to work.  By that time most of the office force was sauntering into the blue room, with scraps of paper which they implored me to read:  "There are a good many," I remarked, with a glance at the clock.  "I tell you what you do, you write this all up, just as it really happened," said the blond and blue editor, "and in- clude all these. Come on, each of you. and give your specimen to the hand- writing lady."  But they didn't do that. They mixed 'em. I had seen them slyly slipping the papers from one to the other. So I don't know which is which, except that everybody in the editorial rooms was there, from the president to the office boy. I have no means of knowing whether it is a man or woman about whom I am talking. Bearing in mind the fact that the personality is no in- dication whatever of the real elements of character, I'll wager there'll be a good deal of surprise and some laughter when those people read, with you, what I've written about them. For Graphology,     which is the name by which this science is known, is really a serious and pain- fully accurate affair. It jabs right through that surface you that you like so much, down to the real you which may be far less pleasing, but is almost invariably far more interesting. It is not guess-work on my part, you know; I do not use intuition, or "go into the silence" or employ anything but a fairly active mind which has been trained to recognize and estimate the thousands of variations on the one hundred and fifty well-known formations used by the Oc- cidental nations in writing.  The writer of Specimen Four is one with th Kaiser  to whom extremes of thought, feeling and expression are natural. Contrast the loose and breezy "t" with that firm and self-possessed "t" in Number Two. And note that the "K" spreads out ex- pansively. Observe the upward slant of the writing. Here is an individual with ardor and impatience, and love of luxury, and a quick imagination, and a fair degree of sensuousness, and not enough will power to control all that. To know about how much, and what kind of will power people possess, look at their "t" bar, always. It need not be long or unusually strong, but it must have a certain sweep and power or be close and compact if it is to indicate will power. And the need for will power is all the greater, of course, the more intricate and interesting the character. So whoever this is, whether successful, happy or otherwise, he is really in need of some intensive self-cultivation. But I'd like to meet that one--I'm going to make them tell me who it really is.  The writer of the specimen numbered five is as opposite from number four  []  8-L.S.