44 The Charlatan    turned Mr. Raydon's greeting and sank into a chair. Her black eyes were fixed on her caller's face with a kind of un- canny fascination.  "It seems to me," he went on, "that we have met before. I think you will not have forgotten."  "I don't--remember-- Why--" Panic took possession of Anna Polenka. "Steve!" she cried hoarsely. "Steve! I thought you were--"  ‘Dead, eh? Well, I'm not. I'm not a bit dead. I'm very much alive."  "But--"  "But why am I alive? What right have I to be alive? Well, I was in that railroad accident; and I was reported killed. That's all. When I found I was supposed to be dead, I changed my name. It was a very nice way out, considering the trouble I'd had with the bank. And the bulls stopped hunting for me. That was the best part of it."  "What--what are you--"  "What am I going to do? Is that what you want to know, Anna? I've come here to discuss it with you. It's largely up to you. A fellow ought to talk these things over with his wife, don't you think? I believe in harmony in the family, perfect agreement, and all that."  "But you can't--I'm not--"  "Oh, yes, I can, and you are. You bet you are. You're just as much my wife as you ever were. So I'm thinking of coming and taking up my residence with you. You have plenty; I'm rather low in funds just now. I often am; then again. I often have it to burn. Depends on circumstances. I should say that you and I might work together very nicely, so that we'd both have money all the time."  "Why--I don't understand--you."  It was curious, this halting, ineffectual method of expressing or attempting to express herself. Steve's reappearance was a tremendous shock. It was Crush- ing, stupefying. She could hardly sense it. That rosy, pink-cloudy dream of the     last day or two-- Little fool! How could she expect to get off scot-free, after years of deluding people? It was preposterous!  "People are very confidential with you." went on Steve. "They tell you things. You can tell 'em to me. When two people know a thing, it may remain a secret, but of course it's much more fragile, so to speak. Or, let's say, it's more escapable, if you get what I mean. I suppose that quite a lot of people would go to considerable expense to be assured that their secrets didn't escape. It's quite an art to make them see it and all that, but--"  "Steve Rivers!" screamed Anna. "You go away! You leave this house! What do you take me for? A thief? A black- mailer? I don't care if you are my hus- band--I won't have you around. I won't let you come into my house. You don't dare prove you're Steve Rivers. You told me yourself you changed your name to escape the law. Well, if you're Rivers you won't escape it. You'll go to prison--"  "Hush, Anna," said Steve soothingly. "Don't get excited. That wouldn't help you any. I don't expect to live here as Mr. Rivers, and require you to become Mrs. Rivers. You and I simply marry --you become Mrs. Edgerly Raydon. I think we'd make a very nice couple."  "No, no, nothing of the kind can be done," cried Anna. "I won't, I won't!"  "But suppose you don't? There's Stanley--my Stanley, by the way. Have- n't you any feeling for a father? Well, you wouldn't want Stanley to know you've been spoofing him about the Gage estate, and all that rot, would you? You wouldn't want Stanley to know you'd been living the life of an adventuress, and God knows what else--"  "Stop!" cried Anna furious, desperate, driven into a frenzy of rage and fear. "Don't you dare say such a thing!"  "Well, what would dear Stanley say if he knew you'd been accepting money