Margaret E. Sangster 87    tioned, with a strange little air of hurt. "Y' might've woke me up. I never seen a show right out in th' open like this, 'ithout a tent or anythin'. An' you knew it. Y' might have woke me up!"  The Clown gulped once to steady his voice before he answered. Then;  "Where 've y' been, Billy?" he ques- tioned, very gently.  "I was in th' berth," the child an- swered. "I was asleep. An' then some- pin' jerked an' I woke up. An' you was all gone, except Mother. She was on th' floor asleep, an' I couldn't wake her up. She must 've been tired ter sleep on th' floor. An' so I knew you was. givin' a show out 'n th' open. An' "-- he reverted suddenly to his original small complaint--"you might've woke me up."  The Clown spoke again.  "Y' say yer mother's asleep, Billy?" he questioned.  The Child was staring wide-eyed at the carefully dressed youth.  "Y' look scared," he remarked, with a quaint little air of knowledge, "but there ain't no reason ter be scared! He's"-- one chubby forefinger pointed to the Clown--"he's done it all afore. He uster practice in front of me. An' she--"he nodded toward the girl on the ground-- "she used to laugh. What"--he was struck by a new idea--"what's she sleep- in' out here for, on th' ground? Is she awful tired, too, like Mother?"  The Clown's hand loosened on the well tailored collar that he was holding. Quite suddenly and disconcertingly he was re- membering a certain burlesque duel in which he, in his grease-paint and pom- pons, had downed a dapper opponent. He had rehearsed in front of little Billy, for he had realized that if it made Billy laugh other little boys would laugh, too. His business, after all, was the business of merrymaking and buffonery, so that little boys might chortle and cheer and envy him. . . . He had rehearsed in front of little Billy, and she, coming out of the dressing-room, had often paused     to laugh with that soft, throaty chuckle of hers that was like a dim little forest brook where the water just barely seemed to. . . .  The small boy was still, speaking to the carefully dressed youth. His words came hazily to the Clown as from a great distance.  "You're 'fraid 'at th' knife 'll slip, ain't you?" he was questioning. "But there's nothin' ter worry 'bout. It ain't even a real knife, mos' likely. He's only foolin'. Y' see, he's a clown, an' clowns never mean nothin'. You've been 'ith us long enough ter know what a clown is!" (Was there contempt in the little boy's voice?)  Somehow, perhaps half against his will, the Clown released the well-tailored collar. In a nearly mechanical way he dropped the knife into the pocket of his baggy white trousers. After all, it was only a make-believe knife--the little boy had said so! The Clown found himself wondering if the whole thing weren't some absurdly impossible dream--the darkness of the night, and the wreck, and the girl who lay at his feet. He raised a hand dazedly to his forehead and felt something warm and damp upon it. He lowered his hand, still dazedly, and saw that blood still dripped from a cut finger.  "I reckon"--the little boy's voice came blithely through the stillness--"I reckon I'd better go 'n try and wake up my mother now. I reckon we'd better wake her"--he pointed to the girl--"wake her up, too. It'll be time fer her act, and mother'll maybe have ter help her with her dressin'. There's always"--the little boy's tone was plaintive--"another show!"  All at once the Clown was speaking in a voice that was calm, though a bit soul- less. He was speaking to the carefully dressed youth.  "Take that kiddie away " he said, "an' don't take him back to his mother. I'll go 'n look after her--in a while." His