"The Play's the Thing"  By An Insider  "MY SOUTHERN MOLLY-O"    ALL the Mollies come either from Dixie or Ireland, and right off the bat I'll confess to a weakness for the South and for Southern Mollies with that fine sense of humor which char- acterizes Miss Isabelle Lowe. Those writing gentlemen whose names are quoted on Eighth Avenue ash cans, and in Sixth Avenue "L" stations would never begin a critique this way, I know; instead of mentioning the lady first, or the play, they mention--and star--them- selves. But after seeing "The Melting of Molly" at the Broadhurst Theatre, I've just got to speak up and say that I like Isabelle Lowe. And she is no Aphro- dite of Melos, either!  With that off of my chest, I shall get to work. The program states that Messrs. Lee and J. J. Shubert present "The Melting of Molly," a new musical comedy by Maria Thompson Davies from her novel of the same name by arrange- ment with-- But, really, it is too much-- much too much! Everybody but the un- dertaker had a hand in fashioning Molly, and he was left out because she is far from being a dead one. Indeed, she seems to possess nine lives, like a cat, for her career, in the theatre, at least, has been lengthy and varied. First she was presented without music, as a straight comedy, and with a big "name" in the lead; then she was tried out minus the name and with a charming young actress --who promptly died or got married. Then one person wrote the "book" and     another person added tunes, and "Molly" became a musical comedy.  But the end was not yet, for the first attempt at syncopating "Molly" was thrown into the discard, and as finally seen in New York, Sigmund Romberg is responsible for the melody. Edgar Smith for the libretto, and Miss Lowe for much of its success.  Hailing from Virginia, Molly's sur- name, of course, is Carter. We first meet the Carters under the trees of their fine old home, where Molly is waiting to say au revoir to her lover, Alfred Ben- nett, who is sailing for London on a dip- lomatic errand. Alfred believes in re- pose. His farewell kiss, on Molly's brow, is as ice-bound as Behring Strait. He loves the ethereal, the spirituelle. I can well believe he walked down Piccadilly with a lily in his hand, like the gentleman in Gilbert and Sullivan. Slim, correct, is Alfred, and while Molly weeps at his de- parture, she is perfectly satisfied that he has done her a great honor in engaging himself to her. Even while there is John Moore. John is in love with Molly him- self, but the Carters would have had none of him, even if Molly hadn't loved Al- fred, for John is only a poor young doc- tor, a poor young country doctor, a poor young country doctor in Virginia! But John appreciates the hot biscuits which Judy, the Carter "mammy," bakes, which shows his good sense, for I am told, on the side, that Judy is some cook. Molly thinks so, too, but Alfred Bennett whis-   105