4 "A Souvenir from Captain Butts"   "Only yer ain deadly reputation, skip- per."  "Stow that!" ordered Butts. "The or- ders are to separate and run for it, if we're attacked in force. It sounds to me just like the sort of thing the beastly Huns would want. If they can cut us out from the convoy with a scare, and then run us down, there's a chance to grab this cargo."  "It'll be takin' more than one fish to carry it," commented the engineer.  "But not more than one to take us into port. Oh, I know it's an off chance for them to put it over, but it could be done. Or--" The Captain stopped and his eyes took on a light of interest.  "Or what, now?" demanded the en- gineer.  Butts looked at him with a thin smile.  "Mac," he said, "you know me better than any living man, and I think Mrs. McPherson would be surprised at the way I know you. Look here!"  The steward, who was passing along the deck and paused for an instant out- side the open chart-house door, was startled at the vehemence with which that door was slammed in his face, and, an instant after, was jolted by the bang of the window beside it.  During the days after they had joined the main convoy, and while the dozen ships progressed across the gray-black wastes, there were repeated and pro- longed conferences between the captain and the chief engineer.  "You'd think them two was courtin' each other," remarked the second mate to his superior, Mr. Briggs, on one occa- sion.  "Maybe so, young man," replied the other. "Maybe so, but I've got a mighty queer hunch that those two you mention are fixin' to cause somebody an unholy lot of trouble."  "Queer old scout, the skipper," mused the other.  "Better not let him hear you say it," observed Briggs. "I've seen him take     three like you and break them up all together."  The younger man laughed and flexed his arm. Then he picked his hundred and seventy pounds up on his toes and teetered back and forth.  "Not that I mean to," he said, "but I'd just about crack that old man in two parts in the first half minute."  "Then the Lord grant that you never run foul of him," chuckled the mate. "Why, boy, I've seen that skipper of ours take two that could give you five pounds each, crack their heads together, knock them out, and then throw them down the fo'c's'le hatch just to tidy up the deck. Don't ever start with him, for he's a fighting, tearing bunch of wildcats. And another thing, what he can't finish, the chief can and will. Man alive, but I well remember seeing the skipper with noth- ing but his two bare hands, and the chief with a ten-inch spanner, tear into a long- shore gang of fifteen, and inside of ten minutes whip the entire outfit so that it needed two ambulances to clear the dock. Don't start anything, boy."  During the next few days, down in the privacy of his own particular corner of the engine room, McPherson conducted activities that seemed queer and unneces- sary to his assistants and the black gang changing watch. The chief was care- fully manufacturing a half dozen con- trivances out of thin metal, and, toward the finish of his operations, handling them very tenderly indeed. It may have been but a coincidence that the Navy en- sign in charge of the gun crew complained to the skipper that a case of his four-inch shells was strangely missing, and that Captain Butts winked at the chief en- gineer as he promised to look into the matter.  Day and night for six days, the great ships steamed forward in orderly double column with the cruisers and destroyers on their flanks. Occasionally, one of the sea snakes would dash five or six miles ahead, and then, with the white combers