58 Alice-Sit-by-the-Radiator    it did not possess the robust appearance which it had when Mrs. Jones bought it. Indeed, it was shriveled and mean-look- ing, and wan and tough appearing all at once. As far as the chicken was con- cerned, nothing would ever be the same.  "It can't be eaten; it's burned beyond recognition," Jones said in a dreadful voice. And it was. No rooster would ever claim it now as his own fair own.  "What shall we do?" said Mrs. Jones. "She's such a nice girl, and so pretty."  "She must have learned to cook from a cook-book," Jones said, but added: "She is a nice girl."  Everybody admitted Alice was a nice girl. Even Mrs. Bellers (Mr. Jones could never decide whether she thought herself Edith's mother or his mother) admitted Alice was a nice girl. And a pretty girl. But above all, nice.  "I am paying her fifty dollars a month," said Jones, speaking in a tone of voice which left no doubt that he was thinking in long words and not in short numerals.  "They are so hard to get," said Mrs. Jones.  Her husband sighed. They are hard to get.  Now, Alice knew perfectly well--as well as the Joneses, you, and myself-- that she had maltreated that chicken. So, as soon as she placed it on the table before the young couple, she fled upstairs to her room and waited for the fateful summons she was sure was coming. She fled to the shelter and friendship of her one good friend in the house--the ra- diator, and sat down next to him (she was sure it was a him) with palpitating heart and quick breath. But no word came from downstairs. Instead, after a while, she heard a door slam. The Joneses had gone to a nearby restaurant for supper. Perhaps they had not called Alice down because their hearts were heavy within them. The chicken was not, however, as Alice saw when she crept downstairs and into the dining-room.     "I'm hungry," said Alice wistfully, "but I can't eat that." Alice was not altogether impractical.  By and by, she went back to her ra- diator and considered her future.  "I can't sew," she thought, "and I can't learn shorthand, and I can't cook." She closed her eyes and smiled. "In fact, I can't do anything," she said aloud; "I'm useless." Which was ridiculous, as anybody could see by looking at her.  "I can't go back home," Alice con- tinued aloud. "If I keep on cooking I shall inevitably commit manslaughter." (Mr. and Mrs. Jones heaved a sigh in the restaurant and agreed with her.)  "I shall have to get married," said Alice-sit-by-the-radiator.  Opportunity rang the doorbell once right there and then.  "Is neither of them at home?" said Opportunity, who turned out to be an eligible looking young man in a great- coat and small hat. Alice reaffirmed the absence of her lord and lady, the Joneses of Suburbia.  "But they invited me to dinner," said Opportunity, pleasant but somewhat puz- zled.  "They must have forgotten," said Alice. "You see, I burned the chicken."  "And do you always burn the chicken?" asked the young man face- tiously.  "Always!" said Alice, and burst into tears.  It is a commonplace for Opportunity to knock at the door, but it is a rare thing for Opportunity to eat a burnt chicken. Yet that is precisely what Op- portunity proceeded to do after Alice suddenly let loose her emotions. In vain for her to protest!  "I was invited here to supper," he said firmly, releasing her from his arms, and here on the table is a chicken. Burnt? What of it? Do you know that one of our Revolutionary heroes lived on burnt sweet potatoes? Well, he did. Why, he would have considered burnt