Florence Baier 97    underwear on the morning of the tenth of November. Once a month, each household entertained at a dinner, fol- lowed by old-fashioned whist; and once a year, they gave a dance, jointly, at the Country Club. Camilla planned the de- tails of these affairs, but it was Carlotta who decided on the dates and grouped the guests. To be sure, Camilla's baby died at eight days, and Carlotta's lived to eight years and gave promise of her mother's loveliness; but that was hardly a recognizable difference. It was not un- til Cedric Dewing had begun to walk with her, up and down the tree-shaded lane, day after day, that Camilla felt she was experiencing something in which Carlotta did not share.  It was not a thing that had come sud- denly. For at least two years before the reviews began to speak enthusiastically of his promise, Cedric had been a fre- quenter of the smart little country club on the high road. Occasionally, he brought a chum down from the city to make up a foursome of golf; occasional- ly, they spent a rainy afternoon in one or the other of the Mackensie living-rooms, at music or bridge; or the four met, rather casually, for a matinee in town.  It was not until the third summer that a perceptible rift appeared, and Ca- milla and Cedric took to walking in the lane. They were nearly the same age and had grown conscious of it, as if they were the younger members of a family, and were subtly united by their common impulses and ideas. The recklessness that John forbade, the wild spirits that perplexed him, Cedric accepted as the natural expression of Camilla's self. The smallest incidents served to enhance their happiness. He seemed to bring her, out of his insatiate love of life, the fulness of her own unlived youth, the pulsing joy that had evaded her. She had a restless, unconscious yearning for life, lived to its full; and Cedric's companionship gave her a curiously satisfying understanding of what life might mean. After all, she     was less than twenty-seven. She bloomed, as a plant, grown in the shadow, flowers under the sun. Into the laughter that she shared with him, there poured the man's own pagan love of life; of the blue sky and the great white clouds and the scents and sounds of summer. But through their laughter, Camilla was aware of a mystery which she half understood and after which she wanted to seek. The time came when she was conscious of a delicious inward throbbing at the sight of his face and of the dark eyes into which she could not look straightforwardly. And then--the time came when their easy friendliness crashed down about them, and they were left clinging to each other in its ruins, terrified at the inten- sity of love.  Three times in as many hours Camilla put out the clothes that she would take on such a trip. Already she had packed her bag with her characteristic consideration for such practical details as the weight of brushes and the certainty that her tiny case of remedies was filled. But two great boxes still yawned on the floor be- side the bed on which she spread her array of garments. Some of them were old favorites, soft, vivid gowns such as Cedric liked, and some of them, the smart' traveling suit, the shimmering, silken lingerie, were new, bought in the last, unhappy week when the intense ab- sorption she gave to clothes had served to still her agonies of indecision. She sorted and arranged the piles exactly in the order in which she would pack them. But she did not pack them. Instead, she caught up a wide shade hat and went out.  She had it vaguely in mind to go to Carlotta whom she had been avoiding for days. But when she reached the foolish little stile at the boundary line between their meadows, she saw Cedric coming toward her. She realized, with a shock, that it was he, rather than Carlotta, whom she had been seeking; that it was for him she had chosen the white gown