Edwin Justus Mayer 59    chicken a delicacy! And very likely it is."  Alice waited on him and laughed at him and with him, and a very good time was had by all, including the radiator, which could be heard ticking, ticking, ticking, from above, which is the way radiators chuckle when they are happy.  As usual, it was cold in the room and Alice sat down on that clean warm spot on the floor which was heated by the nearness of her good gray friend. Now, as has been said, everybody admitted that Alice was a nice girl; and with her lovely body sloping against the pleas- antly warm radiator, she would dream the sort of dreams nice girls dream, which, of course, are nice dreams. Things would take on a rosy color, harsh things would soften and undulate and renew themselves with kindness, and charmed images would rise in her eyes in her silent communion with the fire- light (as it was to her) of the radiator. Sometimes Alice would break the silence and speak to the fire-light, which was what she was doing now.  "I burst into tears," she said remi- niscently, "and he looked at me as if he didn't know whether to pet me or leave me or make love to me. Evidently he has all sorts of decent instincts. Any- way, he started to leave me, then he started to pet me, then he started to kiss me.  "I think I liked that best," said Alice very seriously. "He really is good-look- ing, you know," she told the radiator.  "After a while I recovered myself and he stopped kissing me." Her face clouded for a moment, and then lighted up.  "But he ate the burnt chicken!" she said trimphantly.  "She doesn't look in the least like a servant no wonder she can't cook!" said Mrs. Bellers, not taking the time to puncture her sentence. "I'm sure," she added firmly, "there's a mystery about her." Mrs. Bellers was eternally sus-     picious of the true status of other people.  "There's nothing mysterious about her cooking," said Mr. Jones. "It's rotten." That's just what he said.  "Maybe she's an heiress run away from home," said Mrs. Bellers hopefully.  "Maybe she cooked a meal and they drove her out," said Mr. Jones darkly.  "She's a nice girl," said Teddy Camp- bell, nephew to Mrs. Bellers, cousin to Mrs. Jones, Opportunity to Alice. He had come in with his aunt.  "What do you know about her?" de- manded Mrs. Bellers suspiciously.  "I ate supper with her the other night," Teddy told her. "My fair cousin here invited me to dinner and when I ar- rived she was out with her husband. There was a chicken on the table and I ate it."  "You ate that burnt chicken?" asked Jones.  "It wasn't burnt, it was just browned a little too much," said Teddy with a far-away look. "Browned," he added abstractedly.  "Burnt!" said Mr. Jones fiercely. "Burnt, sir!"  Alice heard the door slam once again and crept downstairs. She walked into the parlor and came face to face with Opportunity.  "I thought you went out with them!" she said.  "I don't like the movies," said Teddy.  "Neither do I!" said Alice-sit-by-the- radiator.  "Who are you, anyway?" said Oppor- tunity.  "I'm Alice," said Alice.  "I'm Teddy," said Opportunity. "Nephew to Mrs. Bellers, who thinks you are a run-away heiress. I am al- ways kind to run-away heiresses, when I locate them."  "Are you?" said Alice. "You were kind to me the other evening."  "Was I kind to one then?" demanded Teddy.  "Almost," murmured the girl. " I ran