76 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    after Miss Rosamere left, presumably for Washington, a neat, demure little creature, named Genevieve Marks, was engaged as Hatty's assistant.  The chances of war, even those behind the front, and on this side of the Atlan- tic, have been so variously, fully, and pertinently described, that it would be tedious and behind the times merely to recount the story of Hatty's steady ac- quisition of personal ability and import- ance in the firm of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough during the year 1918. Freakish as had been its beginning, both ability and importance grew together, nor abated on that great day in November when Hatty, in company with an office of enraptured men and women, again destroyed great quantities of bond paper, legal size, cutting the white sheets into small pieces, and giving her assistance to the creation of that impromptu snow- storm which, on Armistice Day, whirled through the canyons of lower Manhattan from thousands upon thousands of win- dows.  It had been an unfolding year for Hatty. More and more intimate had she and Mr. Holling become--they were Hatty and Clarence to each other outside the office now. In the summer, Mr. Hol- ling had purchased an automobile. She was the first invited to ride in it. On Armistice Day, they rode about the mad, holiday streets together until late night. Shortly before midnight, they were din- ing in a famous chop house in the theat- rical belt. Mr. Holling, flushed with the rejuvenating excitement of the day, and a whole world turned young, bent toward her, his eyes gleaming. Suddenly, he drew her hand to his lips and kissed her slim, cool fingers.  It was the first time Mr. Holling had ever touched her with his lips. She knew he was devoted to her; she was too keen not to realize that sooner or later his devotion would no longer be satisfied with mere arm-in-arm saunterings, mo- tor rides, pleasant courtesies, theatre     companionships, and so on. Yet this kiss he set upon her ungloved fingers made her start strangely. It marked the divid- ing line between the friend who was fifty and a lover who was fifty. Mr. Holling had always been the pattern of respect- fulness to her; there was a kind of scrupulous propriety even in the kiss he had just given her hand. During the summer, he had taken her several times to a house he had bought and was re- modeling in White Plains. Without a definite hint, without any sentimental in- nuendoes, he had nevertheless made it clear to her this was the house to which, in the next summer, he wished to bring his wife. In almost a year of in- timate friendship, he had made himself years younger through daily companion- ship with her exuberant youth; it was indeed a rejuvenated Mr. Holling who sat across from her now, still tightly holding her hand. In that year, also, he had cleverly made her dependent upon him as she never before had been depend- ent upon anyone. Mr. Holling had seen to it that henceforth he should be asso- ciated in Hatty's mind with the best things the most generous future could bring her, from a modest, but highly ef- ficient motor car, to a modest, but utterly sufficient and lovely home in a pretty suburb. All these things, so expensive in the market places, were hers--and all he asked in exchange was merely a com- modity common enough--her youth; just her youth.  Again, he kissed her fingers.  Youth! That compound of reckless- ness, impulse, vision, and generosity. For just a second as his lips pressed upon her fingers, the memory of another kiss, fer- vent, rapt, almost religious in its inten- sity of adoration, came to her, and she thought of Johnny Lamb. But only for a second. The man before her had been her workmate and playmate for so long that there was on his face the sheen of a flare-back to youth stolen from her bright treasure of twenty years.