120 White Treasure    turned. Longfield, who had got up be- fore the others that morning and had gone to the overlooking hill, had seen Keene, still asleep, below him under the trees. He could not resist the tempta- tion to take him alone. Although his attempt had resulted so disastrously, he knew that his men, under Dempsey's guidance, would soon find him. Indeed, he saw them creeping through the trees, and he backed up his insolent rejoinder by leaping at Keene, despite the other man's gun. The struggle was a brief one. Before Keene's superior strength and skill could be used, Dempsey and the six accomplices of Longfield had seized him, disarmed him, and freed Longfield.  The latter was first to speak.  "Sheriff," he exclaimed in triumph, "I accuse this man of the murder of certain harmless and inoffensive Malays, one in particular named Po-Yanpen! This is his dagger," he continued, showing the weapon he had stolen from Barbara Le- Moyne's desk, unnoticed by her, two days before.  "I seen it afore," said Dempsey.  "And there is the body of the poor man," continued Longfield, who had caught a glimpse below of the hideous thing tangled up in the fallen tree by the water's edge.  "Stranger," said the deputy sheriff grimly, laying his hand on Keene's shoul- der, "I guess you're caught with the goods. It'll be jail for you."  "And I accuse him of being a traitor to the United States Government in bringing into this country and concealing hereabouts a quantity of platinum with intent to sell it to Germany," went on Longfield in relentless triumph.  Things were coming his way; he held all the cards in his hand. He would be a fool indeed did he fail to play them.  "Didn't know nothin' 'bout that plati- num stuff," said the deputy sheriff easily. "Murder's enough. It's a hangin' matter hereabouts; sometimes a trial's made un-     necessary," he added gloomily. "The boys frequently takes matters in their own hands."  "Exactly," said Longfield. He turned to Keene. "You see?" he asked.  "You damned scoundrel!" burst out the other, whereat Longfield laughed scornfully. Keene turned to Dempsey. "Who are you?" he demanded.  "I'm the deputy sheriff for this coun- ty, mister."  "Have you a warrant for my arrest?"  "This is warrant enough, I reckon," said Dempsey, tapping his pistol.  "You're making the mistake of your life in arresting me. I'm neither a mur- derer nor a traitor."  "The court and the jury'll have to settle that," answered Dempsey unconcernedly.  "There's the liar, the traitor," Keene went on passionately. "I accuse him of being a German spy. Longfield! I'll bet my life against a nickel his name is Lang- feld."  "Von Langfeld, if you please," inter- posed the other boldly.  "There!" exclaimed Keene instantly. "Look, sheriff, how the others are clos- ing about you. They've got the drop on you already."  "He said he was in the Secret Service of the government," began Dempsey un- certainly.  "And so I am, but of the German gov- ernment," admitted Longfield, or von Langfeld, to give him his proper name.  "Hell!" exclaimed Dempsey, reaching for his gun.  Before he could draw it, the others seized him. And before they finished, both men were bound and helpless.  "Now," said von Langfeld, "you've led us a long chase and given us a hard fight, Keene. But we're at the end of the road. You and this damned fool here have got mighty few minutes to live unless you do what I say, and do it quick." All the veneer of civilization fell from him, and he stood revealed for what he was.