112 The Mummers' World   Back home, there is an unpleasant mo- ment, and then it is seen that everybody has so much on everybody else that the best way out is to forget and forgive. Hughie is permitted to grow up and discard his Eton clothes, and, it is pre- sumed, he marries Joy. Mr. Meebles finds Mrs. Meebles just as fascinating at thirty-six as she was at one-and-thirty. Diana goes to her lover's embrace.  First honors go to George Hassell for his really splendid work as Horatio Meebles. His makeup is a triumph. He has never been seen to better advantage, and like a true artist, he never misses a point. The part of Hughie Cavanagh is not especially easy to cast, since the actor has to possess a semblance of youth and at the same time have the experience in playing to save the role from the risque. It would be easy to "roughen up" Hughie, and at the same time there must be a strong temptation to do that very thing. To his credit, be it-said, Charles King gives a clean performance.  His sister, Mollie King, a lovely blonde, plays the part of Joy, the music mistress, and with Charles sings the famous "I Am So Young and You Are So Beautiful." Fortunately, neither of them boasts of being a vocalist. Miss King gives her usual imitations, although it seems as if eleven o'clock were a little late for im- pressions of Miss Barrymore and Eddie Foy, however well done.  An excellent performance is that given by Margaret Dale as Mrs. Meebles, while other well known players include Cyril Chadwick, Shep Camp, Edward Martindel, and Grace Daniels. The chorus is especially decorative, with a pair of splendid dancers in Cunningham and Clements.  Next to the "Young and Beautiful" duet, the most striking number in the en- tertainment is a captivating thing known as "Swinging Doors," which surely will find its way to the dance orchestras and phonograph records. "Dinky Doddle Dicky" is another tuneful melody, while     "Sporty Boys" pleases doubly because of George Hassell's invaluable aid.  Taken on the whole, "Good Morning, Judge" is one of the best examples of musical comedy on Broadway, with much clean fun, tinkling music, and pretty girls.  The new Winter Garden show, "Monte Cristo, Jr.," is to my mind the best en- tertainment ever offered at the country- famous resort of the Tired Business Man. There are those who will miss Al Jolson, perhaps, but in the current ex- travaganza will be found several come- dians who do not work in vain, and on the whole, "Monte Cristo, Jr.," boasts more "zip" than the Jolson show, "Sin- bad." Likewise, it is the best dressed show in New York, and with a cast that sounds like a benefit performance.  There is a real idea back of this new extravaganza wherein the characters from the present day are transferred back to the time of ancient Rome. A clever conceit is the introduction of the char- acters from Dumas' romance, in which Mercedes, Fernand, Danglers, Madame Caderouse, Haydee and Edmund Dantes appear to step from the pages of a huge book and walk off the stage. We are shown the Harbor of Marseilles, the Is- land of Monte Cristo, and the Carnival at Rome--each a gorgeous stage picture, peopled with colorful characters.  In the vernacular, there is something doing from the first curtain. An ex- cellent comedy bit is contributed by Tom Lewis, who plays the part of a crook who will "lift" anything from a pocketbook to a safe. The plot concerns the love affairs of a group of modern mortals, the poor young Monte falling a victim to the charms of Mercedes. Mercedes is enacted by Audrey Maple, so that Monte's infatuation is understood. But the lady's friends and relatives seek to break off the attachment between Mer- cedes and Monte, with the result that Monte falls asleep and dreams himself and his companions back in the days of