36 Illusions   them, within a week after I took him to her blue and silver room that looked out on the plane-trees. Twelve years--I could understand how terrible they must seem to Marcia, against the boy's vivid youth, how deadly they were to her now that she had become conscious of time.  . . . There had been moments when I had envied her the two years that lay between my age and hers. Marcia Playre, to whom time had been no more than a fourth dimension, to whom the years were friends whose passing left softly blessed memories and no regrets --Marcia, facing at last the bitter lesson of age--at six-and-thirty! How she would hate them, those months that had tricked her into thinking them her friends, as, little by little, they carried youth from her!  Yet she saw the truth clearly enough. From Cresson's vivid recitals of the ar- guments he marshaled against her, I could reconstruct her thought. He did not violate her confidence, but he told me, without knowing it, just how she opposed him. I knew her so well, you see.  Yes, I was glad that she was old. It had been hard enough to face the truth that she would never care for me except with the placid, dilute friendliness that tortured, while it fascinated me. Now, to find her wakened by this boy, respond- ing to the pagan youth and fire of him as if she had been a woman of his own crude epoch--it was enough to make me fiercely glad that she saw that barrier for what it was, and would not yield.  "Youth turns to youth. . . ."  She knew, of course she knew. The years that waited for her were the blood- less ones, the evil days of the Psalmist. She had learned at last of the bitterness which takes no pleasure in the morning and sees only the foreshadow of death in the dusk. . . . And the years that lay before Cresson--ah, the years that leap and pulse and laugh in a world of youth and love! Marcia knew the ever-widen- ing gulf between her to-morrows and     those of the boy who loved her. I think that she always knew what the end must be, that Cresson's blazing eloquence never convinced her. Something she said to me before the shadow came, told me the truth of that. "Happiness? Isn't it only a reflection, after all? Is there a positive happiness, Jim? I think it's only what one sees in the eyes of somebody one loves..." I knew, then, what she meant. She married Cresson, not because she hoped to trick the years, but because she saw that in making him a god in his own be- lief, she would know happiness by the divine indirection of her service. She married him as a girl would have mar- ried him- flinging away her fears and her doubts, plunging recklessly into his madness, giving him fire for fire, song for song, laugh for laugh. She made herspelf his mate in youth, in the magni- ficent folly of it, the glow and blaze and glad abandon of it. I watched her, mar- veling..... She turned her back on the sunset and on me, and raced back toward the morning, laughing, sped back to where Cresson waited for her. I found some plausible excuse for being far away when they were married. In my self-centred blindness, I thought that she would mark my absence and guess its reason. I reproached myself for risking a shadow on her day. Later, I laughed, as an old, wise man laughs at his boy's importance. Marcia would not have seen me, on that day, if I had cut my throat before her in the very aisle! She had found the way back to that cruel Eden of Youth, the mystery that makes a solitude for two in the midst of many, the paradise that is more a paradise because the whole world is relentlessly shut out if it. I found out, long afterward, that she believed I had stood among the guests and seen her marry Cresson! I watched them both. Somehow, now that the thing was done, I lost my bitter- ness. I wanted Marcia to win her game.