Robert Shirley 89    had, I decided would keep profitably un- til to-morrow, when I could tackle them with a clear head. MacGregor lighted another lamp and handed it to me.  "I'm sleeping here on these blankets in the kitchen," said Curtis. "Yours is that room on the other side of the cor- ridor across from Uncle's, I presume, Mr. MacGregor."  "Aye, thot's mine," answered the other, "an' I'll be seekin' it, wha's more."  With a brief good night, he picked up his knapsack and left us. The dog followed him to the door, stopped, looked back, then decided to remain with Curtis, and curled himself up on a corner of the blanket. I yawned again and wished my friend good night.  Inside Mr. Curtis' room, I barely glanced about, for I wished nothing so much as to get my clothes off and close my eyes. I think I was not above five minutes in getting between the covers. I did not close the door, nor the window. While the night was chill, it was not uncomfortable, and I like plenty of fresh air.  Almost at once, I began to dream. I dreamed that Ben Biggoty was trying to row me away from the house, and that MacGregor had a rope tied around my waist and was trying to pull me out of the boat and into the water. I struggled mightily, and then with a strong heave he had me over the side of the boat. Instead of the cold plunge I expected, however, the water was unconscionably hard, for I struck it with a bump. That waked me instantly, and I found that it was no dream. I had been dragged off the bed and onto the floor, and the rope was about my shoulders. Even as consciousness returned, I found myself being dragged toward the window, and with all the power of my lungs, I shouted aloud. My arms were lashed to my sides, but with herculean effort, I suc- ceeded in freeing one of them, and tore fiercely at the bond that gripped and dragged me. It felt like slimy leather,     and I yelled with the fright that was upon me. With the energy of despera- tion, I clutched and tore at the thing, and finally ripped it from me, to fly shouting toward the door. Daylight was just appearing. In the passage I collided violently with Curtis and MacGregor, coming from opposite directions. I could do nothing but point to the room I had left, and they rushed in. I caught a puzzled look on the Scotchman's face, and staggered into the kitchen, where I dropped upon a chair, completely ex- hausted. The dog was shivering as with an ague, and crouched in the furthest corner of the room.  "For heaven's sake, what was the mat- ter, old man?" demanded Curtis, return- ing to the room. "What on earth pos- sessed you to yell like that? Were you dreaming?"  "I thought I was--at first," I an- swered, "until I found it was a reality. Hush, here's MacGregor!"  The Scot hurried in, and I noticed that his face was pale beneath the tan.  "I suffer from nightmares occasion- ally," I said casually, though my teeth still chattered with fright and revulsion. "That was a particularly bad one. Sorry I waked you both."  "Nightmare, eh," said MacGregor, eyeing me doubtfully. "I'm no so sair- tain o' thot. Mon, ye yelled like a steam whustle."  "It was very real," I told him. "I think I'll not turn in again. It's getting light."  "Half-past four," said Curtis, glanc- ing at the old clock on the kitchen shelf. He stirred up the embers of the fire. The warmth was grateful, and I stretched toward it. As I did so, I turned and accidentally glanced out of the window. What I saw prompted me to an exclamation, but I succeeded in turning it into a cough. MacGregor went back to his room to put on some more clothing. The instant he had gone, I dragged Curtis to the window.