96 The Eighth Devil    ial wind. People had said exactly the right things and left the wrong ones un- spoken. The presents had exceeded Les- ter's notion of her due. Laurence had acted beautifully, so that she was con- scious of a new sort of pride in him and in herself because he adored her so tre- mendously and obviously. All in all, it was a perfect beginning for a perfect life.  The wedding journey went well, too, and those intricate processes of mutual adjustment which upset so many prom- ising beginnings proved that this marriage was solidly founded in love and truth, for all Lester's inclination to take the light view of weighty matters and the ponderous view of frivolous concerns. Laurence Raeburn managed to wake the self-centred girl to some reflected glow of his own white flame. If she did not reach his levels, she climbed near enough to let him think her feet beside his own. There was no rift, no flaw, no regret, no hint of a quarrel. They came back to the old, mellow Georgian house as near to perfect happiness as two human beings may-safely come.  Even after she had been settled in her own home for months, so that the nov- elty of managing a household to suit herself had had time to wear away, the thrill of being able to charge whatever pleased her fancy, of feeling the half- envious eyes of her old friends paying tribute to her luck, Lester Raeburn was still contented, mildly pleased with her- self and with life. Just when the Eighth Devil found his opening, she could not have told, but it must, indeed, have been a very gradual affair. Prob- ably it began in that inevitable process of "settling down" which must follow every romance, the gradual reversion to levels after the heights, the let-down of emotion from tensity to placidity.  There is a considerable gulf between twenty-three and thirty, at the best of it. There was a wider temperamental chasm between these two. Lester want-     ed lights and laughter, the flow of merry speech, the flash of wits, the hint of ad- miration in other eyes. She wanted to see a good many plays, to go to more dances and dinners in a month than Lau- rence Raeburn had attended in his life- time. She was very much the normal young woman of her day, utterly aban- doned to the cult of the "good time," while her husband, even among men of his generation, was already settled in a habit of practical self-sufficiency. He had room in his life for Lester, but no need of others. Having her, he would have been utterly content to live on a desert island provided it were well sup- plied with books and possessed a con- venient, well-appointed office to occupy him between ten and five. Slowly, as they reverted to their respective levels, they drew apart. This was no tragedy for Laurence Raeburn, at the first of it. He realized no defect, so long as Lester was in his house when he came home to it, opposite him at dinner, across the wide, book-laden table in the library af- terward. But it was suffocating for the girl. And the sharp, flaming quarrel that broke the growing tension took Raeburn utterly by surprise.  It subsided, of course, in mutual apol- ogies and tears and kisses and conces- sions. Raeburn rebuked himself for not having realized the difference in age and taste, for having taken it for granted that this placid existence suited Les as well as it satisfied him. Readily enough he promised better things for the future. They patched up a damply affectionate truce and began all over again. But it was only a few weeks before they re- peated the outburst. And, in a groping effort to strike back at him for a curtly bitter comment on the intellectual vacuity that requires light opera to fill it, Lester found her weapon. She spoke angrily.  "Very well I've given you your chance. You want to sit here, night af- ter night, drowsing over your stupid books. You don't consider me. I'm to