IN THE GOOD OLD DAYS By Frank H. Williams OH, that ecstatic thrill; oh, that sweet shiver up the spine; oh, that delicious gulp in the throat! Do you remember that splendiferous day, fellers, when you bet your best girl a box of candy against a kiss and you won your bet?  And that evening, before going to collect, you dolled up with your best red necktie, and brushed your hair back from your ears, and put on the good old fawn gloves with the smell of gasoline still clinging to them from the big cleaning. And your nose looked sorta red, so you dabbed it with a bit of your sister's powder and then rubbed it off for fear it might show and SHE would think you were a sissie. When you went to her house SHE was out on the front porch with her father and her mother and her sisters and her brothers and her cousins and her uncles and her aunts.  She just wouldn't go for a walk around the block, and she positively refused to go with you to the back yard to look at the grape arbor in the moonlight, and she turned up her pretty, stubby little nose when you suggested going to the drug store for an ice cream suddy. And you gloomily wondered if she were going to renege on the bet, and you looked at her with a meaning look in your face, while she blankly returned your gaze without a sign of comprehension, and her dad, noting your strange appearance, asked you if your face hurt. Her mother looked at your fawn gloves and snickered, and you felt yourself getting red, and your hands were large and hot, and you put them behind you and tried to take off the gloves, but they simply wouldn't come!  Oh, boy, how you fidgeted and wished you'd stayed home. You got so restless that one of the aunts, an old maid who was sweet on the widower who had just gone by without paying much attention to her, said: "For goodness' sake, keep still if you haven't the St. Vitus' dance." At that you colored up again like a cerise sun- shade.  Finally the family ambled into the house, one by one and very, very slowly. You hitched closer and closer to HER and she looked at you shyly and didn't move away. Then she lifted up her pretty face a little as you took a firm grip on your courage and--and gave her a quick little peck on the cheek. At that you heard a loud laugh and you looked around shamefacedly and there was her father! And he said:  "That wasn't much of a kiss, Mehitahel. Give little Horace a nice big kiss!"  Whereupon you just naturally nearly passed away with mortification and, jamming your hat down to your ears, hurried away -without once looking back. You kicked yourself all around the block and upstairs to your room and then you swore you were through with women for good. "Little Horace," indeed! Say, fellers, weren't those the good old days? 104