90 The Long Arm in the Clearing   "If your uncle went away," I whis- pered swiftly, "he went in the garb with which nature endowed him. There's his nightshirt!"  I pointed to the top of the circle of tamarack trees, and sure enough, there fluttered in the morning breeze a white shirt, torn, it is true, but palpably a night- shirt. Curtis turned to me with a puzzled face.  "What does it mean?" he asked. "How could it get up there?"  I shrugged my shoulders with a cold shiver. It was as if someone had touched me with an icicle.  "Don't ask me, my friend," I replied with a chatter of the teeth. "Ask-- MacGregor!"  "I'm going to ask somebody," he an- swered with a set of the jaw. "I'm about tired of this mystery business. There's a deal too much of it."  "I'm certain MacGregor knows some- thing he's keeping back," I said.  Curtis turned to me swiftly.  "Look here," he said sharply. "I want the facts. What was that circus you kicked up in there? You can tell that nightmare yarn to the marines."  "It was a nightmare, and a horrible one," I said, "but it was also more than that." Then I described to him in detail the experience as I have already related it.  "But such a thing's absurd," Curtis said. "I could understand it if we were upon the seacoast, but you can't find octopi about here."  "I don't know anything about that," I said, "but I do know that something like an enormous tenacle had me around the waist and was dragging me to the window--"  Curtis took me by the shoulder and shook me gently.  "Are you sure it wasn't just a dream, Tom?" he asked. For an instant, I hesi- tated. Then the memory of that horrible moment swept over me, and I stamped my foot upon the floor.    "As sure as I'm standing here talking to you," I replied with all the solemnity I could put into the statement.  MacGregor, probably, felt the sus- picion we had both begun to feel about him, for he withdrew into himself, and maintained a glum silence until I spoke directly to him.  "I'm going to take a look at that green- house of yours this morning," I told him, and he nodded.  "Whenever you're feelin' like it," he said, without enthusiasm. "I'll be put- tin' away th' specimens I brocht wi' me fra' the Everglades th' noo."  "The Everglades!" exclaimed Curtis. "Is that where you've been?"  "Certainly," replied the Scotchman. "Twice a year, I'll be makin' a trip there- abouts for specimens o' plants." He smiled. "I never held wi' all yer uncle's notions, particularly aboot th' similarity o' soil here an' yon, but he would have his roots fra' Florida twice a year for the' graftin'."  I lighted my pipe and walked outside the house to think the situation over. I was morally convinced that some rep- tilian thing had seized me in the night, and I was more than half inclined to believe that Mr. Curtis had been dragged out in the same way. Yet, the more I came to consider the possibility of such a thing, the less likely it seemed. I heard the sound of splashing oars and looked up, to find Ben Biggoty in his skiff near- ing the little wharf. I waved my hand at him and walked around to the front of the house.  "Heah's you-all's eatin's," he an- nounced, and I saw that in his skiff he had two baskets filled.  "Who told you to bring them, Ben?" I asked, and he stared at me.  "Ah brings 'em twict a week," he announced, and lifted the baskets out.  I went out on the plank and looked down at him.  "Ben," I said. "Do you know who I am?"