The Mummers' World  By W. Carey Wonderly    AMONG the musical plays of the season "The Royal Vagabond" must rank well in the front line, if only because of the workman-like job which George M. Cohan has done with an o'd-fashioned opera comique. In the early stages, this musical entertainment apparently was a hopeless mass of an- cient humor, silly lines, and lugubrious plot. In the hinterland, when first pro- duced, and where the name of Cohan is an open sesame to every pocketbook, au- diences walked out on it, and the Critics damned with faint praise. I am willing to admit that after witnessing the opening down in Baltimore, I was thor- oughly convinced that "The Royal Vaga- bond" henceforth should be known as "The Royal Bloomer." Without doubt, it was the most tiresome musical concoc- tion through which I had ever sat.  This same entertainment is now num- bered, and quite rightly, among the most successful stage pieces in New York. For "The Royal Vagabond" on view at the Cohan and Harris Theatre contains about all of the ingredients necessary to find favor with the most discriminating playgoer. How George M. Cohan has done it, I do not know; but that he has done it, I am positive, for I have seen the piece both before and after. If ever bricks were made without straw, it has been done in this instance.  The program states that "The Royal Vagabond" is a "Cohanized" opera com- ique; which means, I take it, that its sponsor has satirized an old-fashioned libretto. The result is an entertainment of real humor, insinuating melodies, and     a setting worthy of the Follies and the Winter Garden: Without a doubt, "The Royal Vagabond" is the best dressed show that Cohan and Harris have ever put out.  The opening ensemble, with its explan- atory solos and choruses, gives at once the keynote to the entertainment. Here are the merry villagers who sing of "Opera, comic opera"; and here are Chef check, the inn-keeper, who tells in song of his pretty daughter; and Marcel, the barber, who has an eye on the pretty daughter and a mortgage on her father's inn. Of course, the pretty daughter, Anitza, doesn't love Marcel, and of course Marcel threatens to foreclose the mortgage unless Anitza becomes his bride--all old stuff, old situations, but treated humorously--Cohanized too. The Soldiers' Chorus, with the four prancing, dancing soldiers, is an inspiration. Im- agine, with the stage full of a cheering populace, singing, "Here Comes the Sol- diers," there appears on the scene an army of exactly four men, and they, ap- parently, followers of St. Vitus.  Anitza refuses to marry Marcel be- cause she is in love with a revolutionist, who, I believe, is called Franz. The name is not on the program, and various persons on the stage pronounce it dif- ferently, so that it may be Fernand. When her father tries to compel her to wed the barber, Anitza hurries to the royal palace, where she implores the Queen Mother to save her from a love- less union. But the Queen has troubles of her own, for her son, Prince Stephen, insists that he is in no great hurry to   109