Ferdinand Reyher 77    "Hatty!" he said beseechingly across the table at her.  Hatty put her other hand over his, and drew his fingers to her lips, and kissed them in answer. That night, as he left her at the door of her home, he kissed her on, the lips. But still Mr. Holling was not in a hurry.  "In spring, dear, when things have quieted down, we'll get married, and I'm going to take you to the little house."  The morning after Armistice Day Hatty received three letters at once from Johnny Lamb. Simple, forthright notes, they were; sunshiny, homesick, faithful Johnny Lamb was his undisguised self in every line of them. The promise of world peace again taking form, Hatty felt a glow of good will to that boy over in France; a glow which was dampened only by a vague impression that she had not--perhaps she hadn't played him fair. She couldn't quite decide how she had failed him; there was nothing between them really. A kiss? An implication that when he returned he was going to tell her he loved her? She shrugged her shoulders.  Mr. Burleson had not been kind to Johnny Lamb in the matter of carrying the boy's letters to Hatty. Three or four of them had been lost; two or three had arrived so late that they came with the effect of anti-climaxes, having been pre- ceded by other notes written later. These last three, coming in a batch of tender- ness and outpouring laughter and senti- ment mixed in the bright concoction that was Johnny Lamb himself, came also too late to bring their recipient to that stage of appreciation for their author to which she might have been stirred if she had received them even the night before the armistice.  Shortly after receiving news from Johnny Lamb, the fates arranged a weird coincidence, whereby Hetty re- ceived something else. Once again old man Carew called her into his private office, and there were present Mr. Hol-     ling, Arthur Routledge, Nathan Burbarg, Miss Solon, Esther Wingate, and May O'Reilly. There were also imposing ar- rays of charted papers, stacks of memo- randa, and index cards upon the old man's desk. When Hatty and May O'Reilly and Mr. Holling went out to- gether about two hours later, she realized that the first great shift in wrenching back the expanded activities of Morn- ingfield, Carew &amp; McCullough from a war basis to a peace footing had taken place. Of course, the conference that she had just attended had been no conference at all; old man Carew, following some secret sessions with Mr. Denham, Mr. Holling and Graff McCullough, had simply dispersed a flock of new orders. But these new orders pointed to reor- ganization. The big shoprooms on East Eighteenth Street were to be given over to some new venture in salesmanship, in charge of Mr. Denham, who was to leave the main office. This would put Mr. Hol- ling second in command in the main of- fices. Furthermore, in the new division of the work just assigned them by old man Carew, Hatty perceived that her coming duties would be largely those for- merly Johnny Lamb's. In fact, she, May O'Reilly, and Nathan Burbarg together did the work formerly done by Johnny Lamb, Miss Tracy, and Dick Bostick, who left for camp shortly after Johnny had gone.  Hatty separated herself from May and Mr. Holling and drifted through the big room toward one of the great windows. She stood there looking out on the No- vember noon, and suddenly the problem of Johnny Lamb confronted her as vivid- ly as the opposite skyscraper. When Johnny came marching home--what? She could not suppress a thrill of triumph at the thought that she had proved herself as good as he. In fact, when he left his salary was thirty-two and a half dollars per week, and Hatty already getting thirty dollars, was confident that her wage would again be raised--at least to