2 "A Souvenir from Captain Butts"    fused to be separated, and knew each other to be so competent that each was willing to trust the other with his life on a mere nod.  "What's keepin' us, wad ye say?" asked McPherson contemplatively, as he stepped onto the bridge.  "Some o' those blasted lazy supercar- goes, or whatever they are pleased to call their dashed selves, over at the Yard, I suppose," snapped the Captain, as he wheeled short and paced back to the other end of the bridge.  McPherson draped himself over the bridge rail.  "Man, d'ye ken we've got summat aboord that makes us wonderfu' attract- ive for a certain pairson in Berlin?" he inquired slowly.  Captain Butts stopped short.  "Meaning the copper?" he inquired brusquely.  "Just thot," answered the engineer. "I'm thinkin' there'll be a bit of veesit an' sairch before we scrape paint fra' oor plates agin th' stone o' th' Albert docks."  Captain Butts stepped close to his en- gineer.  "I'll thank you to keep your frightened clacking to yourself, you dissolute me- chanic," he snapped. "It's my job to take this packet across the pond, and I'll not have your old maid fears instilled into the minds of the sheep we've got aboard that call themselves sailors."  McPherson waved a hairy hand that contained a cutty pipe.  "It's no my fault ye're an ostrich," he commented, with a sour grin. "Stick ye're head in th' sand o' yer foolish and unregenerate methods, but I'll thank ye to be no callin' me oot o' me name."  And then began a wordy wrangle that delighted the steward who stood with his ear cocked against one of the open chart- house windows, and smiled a pleased and happy smile. The wrangle ended as it always ended.  "Get down where you belong, you split- trousered incompetent," snarled Butts.     "Go down and mingle with the ashcats below, and see that when I give you the bell, I'm not kept waiting."  "Man, if I had a temper like yer ain, I'd pray th' guid Lord to curb my worrds," returned McPherson. "Still, I'm supposin' ye're too auld to change much now."  Which last always brought forth an angry sputter from Butts, who poured out further decorative phrases while Mc- Pherson let himself down the bridge lad- der. Below, he confided to his assistant that the skipper was even more irascible than usual, and he feared greatly that he'd been crossed in love, or something equally unseamanlike or deadly.  The plain facts were, though McPher- son knew it not, that Captain Butts was at present greatly peeved at the cruel manner in which the grim Fates who run the card index of human affairs had been treating him. Butts nursed a secret am- bition. One might think that the destruc- tion of three of the Kaiser's submarines in fair fight would be enough for any reasonable man, but, between you and me, it was by no means enough for Cap- tain Ephraim Butts. He had a further ambition, and one that he had not yet whispered to a soul save his own reflec- tion in a mirror. He wanted to get an- other sub, but he wanted to take it intact, or nearly so, into an adjacent port, and hand it over to the authorities.  Now, I have no means of knowing just how many naval men had the same am- bition, nor for that matter how many of them were able to gratify their wish, but I'm inclined to think they were few. Most of the young men who raced de- troyers up and down the sea lanes were modest chaps, and they were quite satis- fied with their lot when granted the au- thority to paint a white star on their ship's funnel, thus signifying the destruc- tion of one "tin fish."  Captain Butts was of a greedier mold, I am afraid. In the first place, it was not his job to go hunting subs; that was for