122 White Treasure    graceful person were added brilliant wit and an irreproachable manner. The de- tails sound effeminate, but there was no lack of strength and power about the man. He was an up-to-date "Admirable Crichton," who bore himself so easily, and was so unconscious of his qualifica- tions that this perfection did not irritate. Women liked him better than men did. Perhaps men would have been more strongly drawn to him if he had not so obviously preferred womenkind. There was a little mystery about him, despite his frankness, which women sensed vaguely to the enhancement of his attractiveness.  Longfield had come to San Francisco with unexceptionable letters and had been received everywhere. With all doors open he had chosen to enter Bar- bara LeMoyne's more frequently than any other. Longfield was sometimes ac- cused of being too entirely regulated, too conventional. Barbara LeMoyne was different. And the opposite attracted. Although her fine face was lacking in some of the attributes of classic beauty, it was none the less charming. She just escaped the perfection in which Long- field, who realized it all very well, reveled. Her mind was as good as his, but again different. She rejoiced in the odd, the unusual. Possessed of sufficient means to gratify her own inclinations she had the courage to gratify them. One of her friends, a crusty old bachelor, had carved on the chimney breast of his hunting lodge these words:  "This is my house; here I do what I damn please!"  The spirit of the rude phrase was her own. She did much as she pleased with life. Happily a certain native American rectitude kept her from depths others might have sounded, and presently so- ciety, which had at first marveled and then frowned, and next fought, came to accept her. She became the fashion, but without imitators. She lived her life and society was glad to share it on her own terms when she permitted that privilege.     She was a perfect representative of the imperfect, that is to say, the unconven- tional. Why she chose so to be she never explained. Mystery, in a woman, is at first attractive although it tends to be- come unbearable.  Longfield's experience with women had been great and varied. But amid the outward differences he had discovered a rooted sameness. That Barbara Le- Moyne was really different, inwardly and spiritually different, appealed to him --not the spiritual side, Longfield cared little about that. And despite himself he loved her.  He had loved her from the moment he came upon her in the North Woods, neither expecting the other. She was camping there for pleasure, seeking in the wildness escape from convention which, however much she disdained it, she could not continually flout. He was seeking--well, certainly not a woman. The unexpected meeting added piquancy to the situation.  When he returned to San Francisco he awaited her coming with an eagerness he had never before experienced, though he had waited for many women in different parts of the world, and not a few had waited for him. He had presented his letters, had called properly, and encour- aged by her welcome, he had become an habitué of her domicile. He would not have believed it possible that he could care so much for anyone. But he could not be sure that she returned his passion.  As for her, she found herself wonder- ing just how great was his appeal. Did she care as he did? Could she care? Did she wish to? She hesitated and was not lost because of her incertitude. She de- liberated and could come to no conclu- sion. In some things she was the most practical of her sex. Whence came Long- field? From his conversation he had been everywhere, and therefore that gave her no clue. What was he doing in San Francisco? For the matter of that, what had he been doing up in the North