Roger Hartman 35    well begun. It is no more possible to put Marcia into lines and shadows and lights, than to paint a star. Star--that is the best key-word. There is some- thing starlike about her, something of the distance, the ineffable pathos, that surround the unattainable; something, too, of the purity that only a star seems fitted to typify. The weakness, of the simile is its cheapness. Every towheaded wench, since the race learned to grunt an embryo speech, has made somebody think of a star. I can do no better, but you must imagine a star different from any other ever used for purposes of comparison -- a higher, clearer, more ethereally luminous star than any you can see in the sky to-night. Or, if you are young enough, perhaps you can envi- sion Marcia Playre by giving her name to the dream woman you hope to find and love before you die. It doesn't mat- ter whether her eyes are blue or gray or her hair flax or red or midnight black . . . you wouldn't inquire the specific gravity of your star, would you?  I brought Porter Cresson to Marcia, It seems incredible now that I should not have foreseen what must inevitably grow out of that encounter. I knew Marcia as a man sometimes comes to know the woman he loves with a hope- lessness so complete that it keeps his secret even from such eyes as Marcia Playre's. I used to be glad, in those days, that Marcia didn't know. If she had known, she would have sent me away --for my soul's sake. But she did not.  And I, after I had seen for myself that there was that in Porter Cresson which made a woman's heart quicken at the sight of him, brought him to Marcia-- Marcia, the star-woman, fatuously cock- sure that no woman of six-and-thirty need fear an overgrown bear-boy, twelve years younger by the calendar and twelve hundred centuries younger in that age of the soul that is understanding. Oh, I didn't even think about it--it would have impressed me, then, as being quite     as needless as to worry over the results of letting the Aphrodite of Melos meet John Keats.  Cresson was blind to her beauty. Mar- cia had the kind of loveliness which is in the blue of a September sky too perfect to advertise itself, to obtrude insistently on the senses. And Cresson was taken off his feet from the first in- stant by his discovery that she could think. He has the type of brain which is closed against simultaneous impres- sions--he has room for only one idea at a time. I doubt if he had any clear mental image of Marcia's face when he came up to my rooms after that first visit, to spend half the night telling me about her mind.  Can you see him, filling my biggest chair so that it seemed absurdly frail, blazing at me with the vivid words he chose like a master of speech, and alight with the miracle of a woman whom the gods had seen fit to endow with a brain? I remember smiling tolerantly at him and thinking what a wonderful thing it was to be young enough to have enthusiasms. ... I suppose I looked a hundred years old to him. . . . He talked to me as if I wrere an innocent bystander.  ... I was thirty-eight then.  His confidences were rather hard to bear, as he grew to understand Marcia. For no better reason, I think, than that I had introduced them, he chose me, from the very beginning, as the repository of his emotional processes. He twitched at my sleeve, as a vivisector might, to urge me toward the operating table on which he dissected his soul--dissected it like the genius he was, with an uncanny sure- ness of hand, but with savage ruthless- ness. It revolted me, but, with the hyp- nosis that horror can exert on the least sanguinary, fascinated me. It was only when he began dissecting Marcia that I stopped him short. I couldn't bear that. . . .  Still, I heard enough. It was no more than a question of years that lay between