Gray Walls 125 like a raging tiger. He had no time to decide whether or not he had scored a hit before Keene seized him. In his mad fury the American could have torn him limb from limb. He lifted him up in the air bodily. Von Langfeld struggled furi- ously. He saw death at hand. He might as successfully have coped with the wild passion of the American as a leaf might withstand the hurricane. For one second he cursed, he prayed, and then he fell. Through the air he hurtled, over the cliff he drove, to join Wan-Aman and Po- Yanpen. Keene did not wait to see him fall; he did not hear him crash and break on the rocks below. He did not take any further part in the fierce battle by which Dempsey and Stevens presently got the better of the remaining spies as they came on. The bullets whistled about him unheeded as he knelt down and raised the woman he loved. The old situation was reversed. He sought to do for her what she had done for him. With nervous hands he tore away her dress. The wound was in her shoulder. It was not fatal, not even dan- gerous. She had fainted after that in- stinctive movement to shield him. His caresses, as potent as the spirit she had once used, called her back to life and love in his arms. "I doubted you," he whispered. "God forgive me, I doubted you." "It was you all the time, didn't you know, didn't you feel?" she made answer, her soul in her gaze. And once again she gave back his kisses, not so hard as those in the garden, as he pressed his White Treasure to his heart. GRAY WALLS By Mary Morsell "SOMEWHERE there is a land unhemmed by walls, A place of vast free spaces where the sea Laughs in the sun, and every white ship calls, ‘Come, rove with us, for we alone are free.'" You spoke, and then I followed after you, Stumbled along a thousand rock-strewn ways, Journeyed by starlight and in morning dew Till wearily, and after endless days We saw across the hilltops to a land Of boundless vistas, looking toward the sea-- A place with no engirdling walls on either hand To hem love in, nor make man less than free. We hastened, joyous, to our paradise, But scarcely had we claimed it as our own When, from the silent valleys, seemed to rise The same gray walls that we had always known.