Ferdinand Reyher 73    and then dropping the tickets into the box, followed her to the platform.  In the few cubic inches of space in- side the train which they had won for themselves, Mr. Holling deftly sliced open an evening paper. He shifted one shoulder round in front of Hatty so that she could glance over the sheet also.  "What do you think of that!" ex- claimed Mr. Holling. "The President has issued a statement upholding Gar- field's closing order."  "That means the the'tres an' ev'ry- thing'll be shut down, don' it?"  "It looks that way."  "Gee, ain't the war fierce!" she ex- claimed passionately.  "So--McAdoo's appointing a Railroad Wage Commission. I wonder what that will signify?" Mr. Holling brooded aloud, with an inflection in his voice, however, that was the first appeal that had ever been made to Hatty's intellec- tual discretion.  "Say, turn to the comics!" said Hatty. A faint shiver ran through Mr. Hol- ling. Under the Proper-Rules-of-Proce- dure-Crust of him, there was, perhaps, a reservoir of humor, dried up through long parched years of efficiency, that liv- ening streams might again fill. He turned to the comic sheet for the first time, and with that simple act started himself on the backward track toward the lost laughter of his youth.  Mr. Holling, raising his hat gallantly in farewell among a hedge of arms and iron hand-loops, left Hatty at Grand Central Station. She had been vaguely wondering whether he were going to see her home; and vaguely disturbed at the prospect. She was already flushing se- cretly at the thought of the various slangy attacks she had made upon Mr. Holling, during the course of their en- counters in the office. She began to sense that this new Mr. Holling was in- tent upon proving that in addition to being a "regular business man," he was at neart, a "regular guy," as well. Mr.     Holling was, after all, a figure of im- portance in the concern of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough; and as such, even impurely social relations, could not be so flippantly regarded as Johnny Lamb.  As the days went on, it became ap- parent that by one of those freaks of the law of sex attraction, Mr. Clarence Hol- ling, forty-eight years of age, and with a record clean of entangling alliances with the charms of femininity, to say nothing of being the recipient of a week- ly salary much larger than the total monthly wages of Hatty's father, had be- come very definitely interested in that father's daughter. Mr. Holling, evincing a surprising instinct for advancing his cause for one so untutored in the Great Game, did not lose, but gained, in dig- nity in Hatty's eyes. He was really very wise. Several times, he rode as far as Grand Central Station with her in the evening. Several times, he accidentally met her at luncheon, on those rare oc- casions when she forsook a clattering, marbled, coffee-and emporium for the tea shop round the corner. Several times per day, he could find a moment in which to say a pleasant word to her; and pleas- ant, unprofessional words from Mr. Hol- ling during business hours had a value all their own. Several times, he walked to her subway station, tipped his hat, and walked back to his own Elevated station. Several times he made to her little, subtle suggestions indicative of his interest in her success. Very, very subtle was Mr. Holling in these suggestions, and it was from him that Hatty heard first the magic word "career" applied to herself. Yet, it was all accidental seemingly; all in passing; he gave no air of plotting to bring about these occurrences. He had none of the youthful stress and strain of Johnny Lamb, dog faithful in ex- pressions of eye and lips, awkward hands and stumbling speech. Each of Mr. Hol- ling's slightest attentions to her caressed her like flattery; each had distinction. He spoke a deliberately careful English