64 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    congregating humanity, She was that exclusive product of New York and the subway that personifies the rush hour motto of Harlem and the Bronx-- "Room for just one more!" She had the air of being able to board an express at Grand Central at the zero hour, five-fifty- eight, and arrive at her station on the outskirts with her hat on straight and not a crease in her blouse.  The first lasting impression she gave, after the surface impression of baby prettiness had been dispelled, was a sense of self-dependence and nerve. A tinge of green in her eyes did this; and a certain hauteur with which she wore her clothes, the whole outfit of which could not have cost her family more than sixty dollars, as though she were trailing through a world, safe for all democrats, in the habiliments of the Queen of Sheba.  She paused on the threshold of the of- fice, daintily punishing the chewing gum in her mouth, and cooly returning the stare of the gaping force. Then her eyes lighted on Johnny Lamb.  Lamb was the office cub and one of its principal rays of sunshine. He had a head of curly hair and a disposition like the sublimated essence of the cheeriest beams of old Sol. He was rather shy at heart; but an incurable romanticism con- stantly drove him out of himself. He was the kind who make all the fifty-to- one wagers and draw to the inside straights of the world, being a devotee of enthusiasms, and the prospect of getting Taft for president of the Yanks or Char- ley Hughes to manage the Dodgers would furnish him with serious conver- sation for weeks at a stretch.  "D'ye need any stenographers?" Hatty asked him.  Regarding her with wide twinkling eyes, he rose, smiling.  "Funny, that is!" he laughed. "I just heard something about something like that."  "I'm ready to start now," said Hatty.     "Say, ain't that fine!" he exclaimed heartily, and paused. "But d'you know," he added with confidential frankness, "I'm afraid I'm not exactly the chap to ask."  "Gee, ain't that strange! I thought now you must be the president sure!" she said innocently. "But use all your pull and see if you can't get me a interview."  "Say, all the pull I got round here wouldn't stretch a rubber band. But Mr. Holling over there, he's the director of employment, and--follow me."  He led her to Mr. Holling who was entrenched like a feudal despot behind a huge double rosewood desk which stood by itself.  "This young lady is an expert stenog- rapher," began Chubby Lamb romanti- cally, bowing slightly toward Hatty, "and she wants a job."  Mr. Holling frowned upon Hatty. Her nose crinkled faintly as she stared back at him. Mr. Holling had a manner that fairly vibrated with the desire to use whatever advantage he could gather to himself over anyone unfortunate enough to be compelled to confront him in the role of petitioner. He was the incarna- tion of Disapproval.  "Where have you worked before?" asked Mr. Holling.  "In a telephone exchange," answered Hatty. "I was an operator."  "In a--a what?" demanded Mr. Hol- ling. "A telephone operator! And you ask for a stenographer's position? Have you ever gone to a business college or had any experience in shorthand or type- writing?"  "Why, mister," exclaimed Hatty in a grieved tone, "them business schools've each got a waiting line in front of 'em from here to Van Cortlandt Park. I was thinking I could learn right here."  "Does this look like a school room to you? What ever brought you here, Miss? D'ye think we've got the time to instruct you?" demanded Mr. Holling in sheer horror.