Roger Hartman 41    Marcia meant to give Cresson freedom in the only way in which such a man as he might take it at her hands. Ah, she was clever!  "Cresson--" I managed to say his name before my throat tightened.  She sighed a little.  "It is all right, Jim. He--he doesn't know, but the years have broken what linked us. I am almost forty-three, and he is barely thirty-one. He tells him- self that love still spans that gulf, but --but he is careful not to set his weight upon the bridge, Jim. I have come to understand a little better in these later years. There is a difference between us that isn't in the books. A man loves forward or back--the boy conceives his passion for a woman, and the man, as the years draw down on him, for a child. But a woman can't find comfort in the spectacle of youth. . . . Porter's youth is like a constant sneer in my teeth. A woman wants to comfort herself behind the shelter of another's age, to hug the thought that she is not so old as some- one else. Jim, if you had guessed, you would have told me long ago. I have wanted you so--so terribly."  I sat very still. She would have made an actress such as no stage ever held. Knowing that she lied, knowing that every word and tone was false, I all but believed her. Women--the best and the worst--are infinitely more cruel than men; she reminded me of the wife in some Shaw play--the eternal feminine who tells her youthful suitor that she would cook him for her husband's sup- per without qualm. She knew that I loved her, and she coolly used that love to shield her man from the reproach of his conscience for deserting her. She would have ordered me flung to the lions as lightly as she played on the soul of me. ... I knew. She was Marcia Playre! And I loved her more because I knew. There is the paradox of love. I adored her more utterly than ever, now that I was wholly sure that she could     watch me torn in pieces without a quiver, if my destruction served the man she loved.  My mind worked swiftly, in that mo- ment. How did she dare choose this expedient? Did she think that I could be hoodwinked, like the pathetic old fel- lows of French farce? Or did she really contemplate the sacrifice of herself? I knew she could not. Marcia Playre might sin splendidly, but she would never sneak, or cheat, or steal. Then I guessed. She thought me fifty--and fifty meant age unspeakable, to her, for all her near- ness to its sinister boundary-line. I was dear old Jimmy, in my dotage; a man who might need a nurse, a daughter, but no wife! I looked ahead, measur- ing the cost. Fifty? When you come to it, my cocksure friend, you will discover for yourself that your illusion of youth is stronger than at thirty. Now you are young without thought or endeavor; at fifty you will be young because you will cling passionately to the conviction that you are young. I knew what I should pay for taking Marcia at her word. I think the martyrdom began in that still moment on the ancient Roman marble.  I played my part convincingly, I think. I was the calm, old lover to the very life. I kissed her hands gently, and still more gently kissed the cheek she turned to my lips. I spoke softly, calmly, of the autumn days of life, of Indian Sum- mer suns. She seemed to understand, for she leaned affectionately against me, relaxing confidently in my arms, her cool cheek pressed to mine. For just a mo- ment, I lost my rigid grip on myself. My arms tightened and my lips found hers. A kind of phantom youth throbbed in me--the madness of the spring does not die when the leaves turn. Then I was frightened, because she lay so still and silent in my arms. I must not alarm her with the spectral apparitions of that youth she believed long dead and safely sepulchered in the years. . . .  We told Cresson together. It wasn't