Studies in Saffron  By Thomas Grant Springer  I--THE BLOOD OF THE DRAGON    THROUGH the legend-dimmed mist of centuries we look back to the stony plain of Mars, where Jason harnessed the fiery-breathed bulls of Vulcan to the plow of Æëtes, and in the furrows that he left behind him sowed the Dragon's teeth. And, straight- way, there sprang up from the torn soil armed men ready for battle. Blinded by the dust that the hero threw into their faces, they turned swiftly upon one an- other with unreasoning fury and slew and slew.  To-day, across the seas, the once smil- ing land of France has been turned again into the stony field of Mars. Plowed by the howitzers of the Huns, harrowed by their machine guns, in the ground thus prepared by the fiery- breathed bulls of a modern Vulcan, un- knowingly the teeth of the Dragon were again sown, and those of the Dragon's blood sprang up into armed men, and slew and slew, blinded not by the dust that humble labor cast into their eyes.  Kan Wong, the sampan boatman, sat in the bow of his tiny craft, looking with dream-misted eyes upon the oily, yellow flood of the Yangtze River. Far across      on the opposite shore, blurred by the mist that the alchemy of the setting sun transmuted from miasmic vapor to a veil of gold, rose the purple-shadowed, stone-tumbled ruins of Hang Gow. ruins that had been a proud, walled city in the days before the Taiping Rebellion swept with its fiery blight over the low- lands of the rich Yangtze Valley, with- ering the rice fields, drying the standing tea in the bud of the leaf, sweeping away villages and even whole cities, as the leaves of the willow tree in the path of the simoom are stripped and whirled off upon its fierce breath. In those fiery days of the Dragon's wrath, the gods turned their faces from men and re- turned to the fastnesses of the distant hills, leaving at the mercy of the "Hairy Rebels" upward of a hundred million souls. Of these a good tenth left their flesh and bones to the later fertilizing of the Yangtze Valley during the fifteen years that it forgot the ways of peace, and the claws of the Dragon harrowed it in anger for those who had turned from him and the worship of their an- cestors. Even now, seventy years after the "Ever Victorious Army" forced peace again upon the land, Hang Gow is but   1--L.S. 1