Roger Hartman 97    knit, I suppose, or go to bed. Very well. You aren't the only man on earth. Nor the only one who ever took an interest in me. I shan't have to amuse myself-- long."  The stabbing gleam of his eyes fright- ened her. She thought that his clenched hand was about to strike her, and drew back from its menace in sudden terror, staring at his contorted, furious face.  "Who is he?" The words choked him. "Tell me--who is he?"  She saw at once that his fury was centred on the mythical third person, and her fear sank as quickly as it had risen, a malicious sense of her power quick- ening in her alert brain. He was madly jealous, after all--jealous as she had fan- cied he was, long ago. She held her fire, thinking quickly. Then:  "Don't be silly, Laurence. You act like Othello. There isn't anybody in par- ticular, of course. I meant that if you wouldn't consider me, I'd find somebody who would. I still mean that."  He had himself under control again, but the effort shook him, and the toxins of rage were poisoning him as he strug- gled for calm speech.  "Les, don't ever try that tack again. I--you don't understand what it means to be jealous. I--"  She shrugged her shoulders coldly, se- cretly delighted at the confession of the word.  "It's thoroughly despicable--I quite understand that," she said primly. "It's a beastly, horrid, ungentlemanly vice. I'm surprised that you should admit it."  He hesitated, groping for words. Her adjectives were just, he knew. There was nothing less admirable than his sort of jealousy. But if she deliberately pro- voked it, he foresaw that no effort of his own will could prevent outbreaks like those to which he had listened, disgusted and terrified, as a boy. It occurred to him, in the midst of his abasement, that his mother had painfully avoided other men always, had schemed cannily to give     his father no flimsiest foundation for his rages. Suppose she had tried, instead, to torment him! . . . He had a quivering realization of averted tragedy. A man thoroughly jealous is mad; he may do unspeakable things.  "I have fought it--hard," he said quietly. "Suppose I inherited a craving for drink? You wouldn't put tempta- tion in my way, would you? You'd help me fight it. Help me fight this, Les. I need your help."  She had a vague consciousness of deep waters, but her mood was hostile. She shook her head stubbornly.  "That's a coward's excuse. The wom- an tempted you! I wonder if there's any contemptible thing men do for which they can't manage to blame some wom- an. I don't care to talk about this, Lau- rence. I'm going to bed."  She expected him to follow, and it piqued her that he let her go without pro- test. In her room she reflected soberly on the discovery.  "One thing: it gives me a tremendous power over him." She smiled at the thought. "I mustn't overdo it, though." The Eighth Devil crept up to the fire and grinned joyously as he warmed his hands.  III  Lester Raeburn had found her touch- stone. It was chance only that she found it so soon, for the knowledge of that hereditary flaw in her husband must have come inevitably with the years. She knew now that she held an insidious power over the man's soul; it was as though he were a drug addict, one utter- ly given to some rare and potent intoxi- cant of which she held all the world's supply, to give or to deny as seemed good to her. At first she found it a little dis- maying, like being married to Doctor Jekyll and finding that it involved mar- raige, too, to Mr. Hyde. The compar- ison struck her fancy; Stevenson had   7-L.S