Holly Edwards 63    Bob Go out and send a coolie to Colonel Sing with this note. Then go around the back way and pound like blazes on that door over there. Understand?  Wong Wong go. Mister Bob no get mad. (Bob unfastens door left, and Wong lurches out. Bob accelerating his prog- ress with a kick. Bob locks door behind him and returns to Violet.)  Violet Will he do it ?  Bob (darkly) I can't tell. He may be one of the rioters. (Violet gives a little cry and sways toward him. He puts his arms about her. Speaks majestically.) But I will save you. Keep close to me. (Takes revolver from the taboret.) I will defend you with my life!  (The noise without is steadily increas- ing. Violet shrinks close to Bob.)  Violet Oh, I'm so frightened!  Bob Courage! I am here.  Violet Oh, you're so brave--so noble-- (There is a sudden pounding on the door. Violet screams and buries her face on Bob's shoulder. He grins ecstatically.) Oh, what's that?  Bob The mob. They're trying to get in. But be brave--I will hold them at bay. (He strides to door, flourishing revolv- er.) Beware! The first man who enters forfeits his life. (Leans forward and speaks through panels of door.) Good work, Wong! Go at it, old boy!  (The noise increases, growing steadily louder and more menacing. There are violent thuds on the door.)  VIOLET Oh, don't let them get in!  Bob (over his shoulder) Courage, sweetheart! (Through the door to Wong.) Easy, Wong--easy! That's enough! You'll have the door     down! (The noise keeps on getting louder. Bob rushes back to Violet, who throws herself into his arms.)  Violet (in hysterical terror) Oh, can't you drive them away?  Bob I'll do my best. If we can only hold out until the troops come! (There is a thunderous crash on the door. Bob rushes back to it.) The first man in this room dies like a dog. (Through the door). Wong, you fool, cut it out! I tell you, you'll have the door down!  Violet Oh, oh!  Bob (hurrying back to her) Don't be frightened, sweetheart. I'm here with you.  Violet (sobbing) Yes, you are here.  Bob I'll take care of you--always, if you'll let me. Will you?  VIOLET Yes, yes! Only, don't leave me-- don't!  Bob Never! And you love me? Say you do! (A tremendous crash comes on the door. Violet screams wildly and throws her arms around his neck.)  Violet Oh, can't you stop it?  Bob (savagely glaring at the door) No, confound it, I can't! (He for- gets his heroic role, throws down his re- volver in disgust, and starts toward the door, which is beginning to tremble. Vio- let picks up the revolver, waving it wild- ly. There is another crash, and the door splinters in. With a scream, Violet shuts both eyes, points the revolver anywhere but at the door, and pulls the trigger. There is a loud explosion; simultaneous- ly the panels of the door give way en- tirely and Wong falls into the room. He has an ax in one hand and a bunch of firecrackers in the other.)  Violet (rushing to Bob) Oh, I've killed a man--I've killed him,