Elmore Elliott Peake 77    that he had not chilled her with the cold admonitions of a formalist.  Several weeks passed, however, with- out her calling again; and, in spite of his promise, Hughes allowed her to pass to the back of his mind. His new duties as a Vice Commissioner made heavy drafts upon his time, and there came a day when he was forced to abandon his personal service hour in order to attend a meeting of the committee on which he served. When he returned he found Miss Post's card under his study door.  He thrust it into his pocket, ate a hasty dinner, prepared a prayer meeting topic, conducted his service, and then, at a little after nine, set out for Jacqueminot's, which place the committee had arranged that afternoon to inspect.  The temple which André Jacqueminot, once a pastry-cook of Bordeaux, had erected for the worship of Epicurus, nestled between the feet of two sky- scrapers. When the committee reached it, at nine-thirty, its marble facade, wet from a passing shower, glistened under the flare of arcs. Closed motors halted at short intervals before the mouth of the tarpaulin tunnel which led from curb to entrance. Silk hats, fillets of cigrettes, white shoulders, flashed past the side opening left for pedestrians.  In the great main room--reputed to be a reproduction of the salon of a Vene- tian palazzo--waiters swiftly threaded their way through a maze of crowded tables. A bluish haze of tobacco smoke hung like an aureole about the massive chandeliers. The clack of tongues, laughter, the clinic of china and silver, smote the ear in a ceaseless broadside of sound that rose and fell in rude rhythm.  The cabaret stage was a solid, perma- nent structure with an imposing prosceni- um arch of white and gold, symbolical of the elaborate performances that had contributed to Jacqueminot's fame. Hughes and his colleagues sat down at a table, reserved in advance, which was near the stage. They had timed their     arrival for an act which was creating something like a sensation--Mademoi- selle Hyacinthe in her "South Sea Idyl" --and in a few minutes this divertisse- ment was heralded by the throb of tom- toms, with which the orchestra gradually blended a weird, barbaric air that irre- sistibly quickened the pulse.  The curtain rose. Through a screen of gauze, which produced a curious, il- lusive effect, the audience saw a back- ground of palms, a blue lagoon, a cres- cent strip of sand, and, shambling about on the sand, a pair of apes. In the centre sat the Eve of this tropical Eden, her long black hair draping her naked arms and shoulders, and her knees peeping through a filmy mantle of green. She began to sing:  "For I'm the Queen of the Pawpaw Islands, Where men are very, very rare, And leaves are all I need to wear. Yet when leaves grow old and storms blow  bold,  Such clothes are an awful care-- Oh, an awful, awful care!"  Daylight faded; the moon rose; the jungle awoke. Cockatoos screamed, monkeys howled. But suddenly silence fell. The tapestry of vegetation patted. A woman's face showed, followed pres- ently, after cautious glances to right and left, by an arm, a foot, and then her whole figure, which glowed in the pallid light like an ivory statue. She stepped to the water's edge; she flung herself in with a splash; and when the grimacing apes appeared she drove them away with shells.  The scene faded from the eyes of the spectators. When it appeared the queen was again clothed in her Pawpaw Island finery. Now a pandemonium in the jangle announced the dreaded storm, which ere long burst with a shriek and a roar. The palms bent like strung bows. The queen crouched in terror, her hair fluttering like a banner, and once more she began to sing. The dining-room lights were extinguished for fifteen sec- onds. A spectral, greenish glare flooded