Roger Hartman 93   Wasn't it queer that things should happen the way they did? Raeburn had a sense of the intervention of destiny. If he hadn't come out, if he'd come a different way, or a moment later, or sooner, if somebody else had bought that found ticket, if ... oh, there were a thousand of those ifs! . . . He managed to talk, not too clumsily, after exchanging smiles and nods with her father and mother. The Pauldings let them alone. Raeburn didn't dream that Mrs. Paulding was dis- cussing, with an amused husband, the possibility of further developments from this chance meeting. But he accepted, with grateful humility, the direct conse- quence of her speculations, in the form of an invitation to join them at supper when the play was over.  Also, he learned that the name wasn't Leslie, after all, but Lester. For some rea- son this seemed a tremendous affair. Les- ter .. . Lester . . . Les ... it suited her amazingly, he thought, his respect for Mrs. Paulding suddenly lifting. He was thankful that she had a name quite to herself. There would have been a re- pugnant touch of the commonplace in anything less individual. He sat beside her in the car, conscious of remote per- fumes, of soft, filmy fabrics, of some- thing infinitely fragile and precious. A boy's love, at thirty, is a desperate thing; it has the intensity and heat with which the diseases of infancy attack the non- immunized adult. Laurence Raeburn was going through the emotional reac- tions normal to eighteen. They would have done him no violence in the elastic- ity of youth, but they rent him now with an exquisite agony. At supper he could not tear his eyes from the girl. She managed to glorify her bit of salad, to make her single glass of wine seem a holy thing.  Nothing softens a woman so quickly as the sort of worship that looked out of Larry Raeburn's eyes at Lester Paulding. Not even the artful evasions of the prac- ticed wooer can accomplish so much, or     so swiftly. Lester Paulding knew that this man was her dog; she liked him be- cause he surrendered so abjectly and so instantaneously. It ministered to her pride, and she was susceptible to attack from that quarter which would have found her armed and fortified from any other. There was the insidious finger of Coincidence, counterfeiting destiny, too. . . . She was familiar with the casual, flippant, almost cynical attentions of very sophisticated, very young men, who made a joke of nearly everything serious and could be serious only about a joke; men who told her carelessly that her dress was stunning or that she didn't dance badly. There had been, of course, in her own salad period, a few intense, short-lived affairs which had taught her not to wear her emotions on her sleeve. It was a distinct novelty to feel, instantly, the rapt, sober fascination of a man ten years older than she, a man with the repute of a recluse, as far as feminine affairs were concerned. She was flat- tered and a little awed and a great deal pleased.  She was nice to Laurence Raeburn, therefore, but she took pains not to be too nice. And, to temper her warmth toward him. she used the inevitable de- vice of referring casually to other men, letting him know that she was popular, letting him infer that there was a great deal of competition. Something stabbed Raeburn with a hot, sickening thrust at every light mention of Jimmy Doanc or Phil Breck or Tommy Saulsbury. He might have guessed what the first of them them portended, but he did not. He was in no condition of mind to think clearly. He only knew that a red film swam be- fore his eyes at her words conjured up unflattering portraits of the men she named, that something twisted in his soul like the savage turn of a notched blade in a fresh wound.  "He's jealous," diagnosed Lester Paul- ding happily. And she proceeded to probe delicately to make sure. It de-