86 The Long Arm in the Clearing   I glanced outside into the passage and was confronted by the glowing eyes. Seized with an idea, I walked through the door and stooped down as if to pat the animal. He was deceived, and when my hand was close enough, I grabbed him by the collar and flung him headlong into the room. With a howl of anguish, the poor brute, terror-stricken, dashed back again into the passage and crouched against the wall."  "That's queer," I said to myself. "Very queer. What is there in this room to frighten him so?"  "Outside, he's just as friendly as can be," Curtis said. "He's just what a hound usually is, but in the house here, he won't be left alone a minute. He's as skittish and frightened as an old maid."  "What have you done since you landed here, Jim?" I asked.  He did not answer me until he had closed the bedroom door and we had returned to the kitchen. The dog had huddled close beside our legs as we walked down the short passage, and now he flung himself, with what might have passed for a canine sigh of relief, be- fore the fire, close against my friend.  "I've searched about generally," said Jim. "You see, when I first came, I thought, just as you suggested, that Uncle Henry had simply gone off on one of his little expeditions, not expecting me to come down quite so quickly, and that he would return when he got ready."  "But the dog in the room?" I queried.  "Why, I supposed he had forgotten the animal, or was in a hurry when he went away. I'll confess it did not at the moment strike me as an ordinary thing to do, for down here a man usually takes a dog with him; later on, I began to wonder why the dog didn't jump out of the window. Since then, I've gone everywhere within a reasonable radius, searching for some trace of Uncle Henry."  "And you've found nothing?"     "Not a hint of him. To be frank with you, I hardly expected to, for as I pointed out, a man doesn't go off on excursions with no clothing. Save for his night shirt, I'm sure the old man was as guiltless of clothing as the day he came into the world. The thing's a mystery, Drake."  Now, I'm quite convinced that there is no such thing in life as a real mystery. The term is purely a relative one, and the only reason for the use of the word in connection with any event is the ab- sence of all the facts. I was sure either that Curtis had not given me all the facts, or that he did not know them. It was therefore up to me to ascertain them as best I could. As may be guessed, by this time I was keenly alive to the interesting elements in the situation, and entirely outside of my friendship for Curtis, it was apparent that it was my duty to run this thing down to its logical explanation.  "Did the old gentleman live here alone?" I asked when I had gone over the main facts as I knew them.  "Why, there's another angle of it that I forgot to tell you," Curtis answered. "There seems to have been an old Scotch- man, named MacGregor, who lived here with Uncle Henry, but he's gone too, it seems."  "You'd better tell me all you know," I said a little ironically. "For instance, just how much do you know of your uncle's habits?"  "Next to nothing. As I told you, I think I've never seen him. He's a re- cluse, in a way. You'll understand bet- ter when I tell you that he and Luther Burbank were born and brought up to- gether in Lancaster, Massachusetts, and their tastes ran in the same channels. Uncle Henry was always experimenting with flowers and plants and things. I've been told that he had some queer ideas about the relationship between plants and animals; in fact, that he was in- clined to the opinion that plants were