48 "Three Old Men"    halted in amazement, looking from one old man to the other:  "What is the matter here? Weren't you told to get out by noon?"  They stood silent.  "Hurry!" the sergeant shouted impa- tiently. "What is the matter with you? Are you deaf ? Get out of here at once. The Boches have the range and you may be blown to bits any minute. You must leave as you are. Not a second to lose. Here, is this your hat? Put it on, old fellow. Now let me see how fast you can run," and with a not unsympathetic push he shoved the two old men out through the door into the street.  "Where are we to go to?" asked the notary weakly.  "Eh? Don't bother me. Go back-- anywhere back of here--to Paris--but move along."  A stream of motor lorries laden with infantry rumbled past them as they stood at one side of the street, looking up and down helplessly. Already the buildings began to show their gaping wounds. Smoke was rising from the church. A dog slunk by, limping.  "Time we got along, neighbor," said Gravault.  Chautard still stared at the little white house with its green blinds next to the town hall. For a moment, it seemed as if he were impressing the picture of his home upon his mind, then with a feeble gesture of resignation, he nodded his head and without a word walked towards the granary which marked the farthest boundary of the village. Gravault fol- lowed him slowly.  Suddenly Chautard turned and put out his hand, and Gravault, grasping it firm- ly, knew that he had found again his old friend.  "That is better!" he cried, regaining his cheerfulness. "There is no one else with whom I should rather start upon a journey."  "Nor I. Beginning life again, eh, mon vieux?"     "And without a sou."  Chautard beamed with almost childish delight.  "No, my friend," he announced, "no, you are wrong as to that. Trust your legal adviser. I took care to put some money in my pocketbook. Not much, perhaps, but at least we shall not starve." "You rogue!" cried Gravault in great good humor. "Then perhaps we can travel by train."  "To where?"  "To Paris. I have not seen my brother for years. An old bachelor. Oh, quite an important personage in his way. An ex-detective and with political influence. We shall be well looked after."  "Just as well we have no dependents," said Chautard as they walked on.  "Nothing to worry about but our- selves, eh? That may be called selfish, but in a time like this--well!"  "True. Pity those poor devils with two or three squalling brats."  "A good thing the women went yester- day in the carts."  They came opposite a little farmhouse. A ragged rent showed in the sloping roof, and the walls were bulging as though a giant hand had pressed upon them from above.  "Poor Madame Florin!" said Gravault as they paused to look at the ruin. "It is a good thing she did not wait to see this. It would have broken her heart: her man at the front, and she toiling in the fields for two, Dieu! What was that?"  A faint wailing came to their ears.  "A cat!" said Chautard.  "Listen! That is no cat. It is a child."  "Impossible!" cried Chautard impa- tiently. "Surely Marie Florin did not go yesterday without her child. A devoted mother, if ever there was one."  "What if she did not go?" suggested Gravault.  "Nonsense! All the women went. Come along. It will be dark before long."