An Insider 109    Charles Purcell ranks third for his work as John Moore.  Alfred Bennett is played by Robert Bentley, and his secretary is the smart Alison McBain. The real worth of legiti- mate artists in musical comedy is further proven by the excellent work of Maude Turner Gordon as Mrs. Carter, and of Frank Kingdon as Judge Wade.  Dot Carter, the younger sister, is im- personated breezily by Gloria Goodwin, of piquant face and nimble legs. Inci- dentally, Miss Goodwin wore the best looking clothes in the show, all of her costumes bespeaking an up-to-the-minute smartness. Her partner, Tom Morgan, was played by Ted Lorraine, a clever dancer, who scored strongly with a tune- ful number.  Marjorie Dunbar Pringle boasted the voice among the women principals, but, unfortunately, she lacked personality. A decidedly clever bit was given by Edgar Norton as a silly-ass Englishman, St. Clair McTabb. Personally I have never met an Englishman quite as silly as this gentleman, but he was amusing and cre- ated much favorable comment. Of the two dancers, each called Gladys, Miss Miller is both clever and pretty. Which is also true of the chorus. Here are some really pretty girls, but on two occasions their attractiveness was lost because of the unbecoming costumes. The blue and white costumes, with the hats topped with "wings" of the same material, were de- cidedly ugly; nor were the jockey suits     good. The settings were excellent, with the Carter house and lawn especially at- tractive.  We have come to associate Sigmund Romberg's name with pleasant melodies, and he has provided a charming score for "The Melting of Molly." The theme, probably called "Darling," is of a haunt- ing sweetness that places it easily in the class with his "Sweetheart" of "May- time" fame and his "Mother Song" in "Her Soldier Boy." Also, I like Molly's song, "Dear Old Gown," which, by the way, was fitted to some clever lyrics. The "Lodger" number, reminiscent of the "Letter Song" in "The Chocolate Soldier"--in idea, not in melody, that is-- was charmingly given by Mr. Purcell and Miss Lowe, while of more "popular" strain is "Floating Down a Moonlight Stream," with a sort of zither accom- paniment.  Given a real idea to work with, the Messrs. Shubert, with the aid of the Romberg music, and the clever artists gathered together, have scored a pro- nounced success. "The Melting of Molly" has both rime and reason, as well as a leading lady who can act, one who isn't afraid to sacrifice her personal appear- ance in the interest of her work. It is a smart show, and will be enjoyed by smart audiences.   Though she is far from being a cat, let us be thankful that "Molly" has so many lives, and that at last she has come up smiling.    SELF-PRESERVATlON is the first law of vanity-cases.   MOST women have the vote. So now they can stay comfortably at home on Election Day without feeling that they're being cheated out of anything.