72 A Night at Jacqueminot's    in the bosom of love!" she cried eagerly, with her transfigured face close to his.  "Forgive me!" he murmured, and wearily closed his eyes.  When sure that he slept, she slipped noiselessly away.  II  The two sisters undressed in Aline's old room, now Shirley's, with its sloping ceiling and dormer windows. Shirley was pretty enough, but, side by side with Aline, she was eclipsed by the other's dusky, Hebean beauty, of a ripeness, a fullness, an amplitude throughout which registered her twenty-seven years. And as she moved about, unpacking, in her sleeveless nightdress of rose pink, the younger sister's eyes glowed with pride and devotion.  "There's a rainbow rag for you, Peg- gy," remarked Aline, tossing over a pale blue blouse of Georgette crêpe. After extricating herself from Shirley's grate- ful arms, she continued: "These gloves are for Mother--gray instead of black. We are not going to let her make up for a grandmother's part yet. I bought these things a week ago, on the strength of landing that soloist's position in the Summerfield Methodist Church."  "Is it a swell church?" asked Shirley.  "Not a bit. It's downtown in a grimy boarding-house district. It's rich, I've heard; but the rich members live miles away and don't come often. They run it as a kind of mission."  "You probably see enough of swells in those millionaires' homes you sing in," observed Shirley enviously. "How do they treat you, Allie? I mean, what is their social attitude?"  "Entirely lacking," answered Aline humorously, "They rank me somewhere between the doorman and the butler."  "Like fun! But tell me something about it. Where do you stand, for in- stance. when you sing?"     "In an alcove--behind palms or box- trees--on a landing--a mezzanine floor --any old place that is sufficiently out of the way."  "What's a mezzanine floor?"  Aline answered this and forty other questions as she continued her unpack- ing.  "I wish I could go to the city instead of learning to teach school," sighed Shir- ley, curling up in a Morris chair. "Any- way, I don't see how I'm going to stay at Normal any longer--now." Her deli- cately penciled brows suddenly arched in a spasm of pain at thought of the stricken father below.  "We'll manage somehow." said the other, rather soberly. "And, little sis- ter, I'd sooner see you scrubbing floors in Carthage than holding down a city job--at your age. You're altogether too pretty."  "I'm not half as pretty as you. Be- sides, what's that got to do with it?"  "Never mind. Now crawl in and go to sleep while I write a letter."  When Shirley sank to her knees at the bedside and bowed her burnished head her sister's hands suddenly became still. How often she herself had knelt in that same spot, on that same old fluff rug! Was it only two and a half years before? Or was it in some previous state of ex- istence which her soul had long since sloughed off?  Sitting at the little desk which had been her father's high school commence- ment gift to her, she reread a letter from her brother Randall, dwelling on the last paragraph:   If yon can possibly let me have twenty dol- lars, Sis, send it at once. I know you still think I'm sporty; but, believe me, I have learned my lesson, and I need this money bad. But don't send a draft. I should have to cash it at our bank, which is the only one in town, and I don't want them to know I'm getting money from home. It's none of their business.  Aline sat for some time with her hand over her eyes, as if in deep thought, her heavy black plait caressing her snowy