Roger Hartman 99    him down, brought him to his knees, spent, shamed, remorseful.  Gradually, too, she found a certain pleasure in the process of reconciliation. He was abject, always, after the fury passed, a humble suppliant, begging for a crumb of forgiveness. It brought back something of the mildly pleasing thrill of his first desperate devotion. She felt herself imbued with a sense of power, of regality, a Cleopatra whose casual ges- ture might mean life or death. She came, in time, to "stirring him up," as she described it in her thought, for the mere satisfaction of the postludes. She used his jealousy as the most convenient means of kindling the old, humbled at- titude which the normal man loses in the usage of marriage, and the normal wom- an never ceases to regret.  She became very clever at it, with practice. It was amusing to plan a new scheme of attack, when life bored her. Sometimes she plotted out her ideas as she lay awake, waiting for elusive sleep; she amused herself with premeditations when a journey wearied her or someone kept her waiting at an appointed tryst. Thus there was the simple matter of igniting a cigar at the grate when Rae- burn had spent a rare evening away from home, so that the library was heavy with the strong odor when he came in. She knew that he would detect it instantly, for his detestation of cigar smoke in the house was one of his few stubborn foibles. When he had regained his self- control she disdainfully pointed to the charred stub inside the fender and told him, truthfully, that she had thrown it into the fire herself. It had dropped on the floor, and she had stepped on it. How had it come there? She shrugged. No doubt one of the servants had accident- ally let it fall from the tray. Wasn't it the brand he kept for his guests?  So, again, she tortured him with the cruder expedient of the late homecom- ing, letting him pace the floor while din- ner waited and refusing to answer his     peremptory demand for explanations un- til they had run the usual emotional gamut and reached the abject stage of self-abasement. Then she condescended to tell him truthfully enough that she had been delayed at her mother's, and suggest that he verify her statement over the tele- phone.  She had no pity for him. To her view, his tantrums were no more than vulgar lapses into crude, debasing suspicion, mere plunges, of his wilful choice, into the mire. If he suffered--and she was skeptical about this--it was his own fault, and richly merited. She had no difficulty in justifying herself to herself. He deserved to be teased, she argued in- wardly, because he yielded to an utterly unworthy passion on such scanty provo- cation. It lay, according to her view, wholly within her husband's power to control his temper. If he chose to give it free rein, that was his affair. Mean- while, the process of vivisecting his emo- tions amused her, and the aftermath af- forded her a gentle echo of honeymoon days not unpleasing, for, through it all. she was fond of him, as fond as a thor- oughly self-centred woman may be of anyone. She would have called it love. Certainly it was as near love as she could come.  She observed, with a lazy amusement, that he made some progress in self-con- trol. as usage hardened him under her subtle provocations. He no longer flamed at the first spark. It needed a constantly increasing degree of care to bring him to the point of explosion. The little hints which had maddened him at first no longer roused him. She might challenge him with letters, with flowers, with elaborately timed tardinesses, and find him good-humored, levelly placid Even stronger stimuli lost their effect, she discovered. He watched her dance brilliantly with Reppelier Stokes, notori- ously a loose sort, without even com- menting on the circumstance as they drove home. She ventured, at last, to