The Harbor  By Nancy Shore    SLOWLY the gleaming, floating, toss- ing whiteness changed into shapes. The gleaming whiteness became frozen dunes, the tossing whiteness re- vealed the winter sea, and the floating whiteness drifted over the land in sprays of whirling mist.  Dark rows of pines marched to the water's edge, curving like protecting arms about slender, gray crescents of sand. Along the beaches and the cliffs were houses, with boarded-up windows, staring blindly at the sea. Deserted boats, half buried in the sand, turned useless, broken sides to the waves; drift logs gleamed in the light of dawn, the sun, searching them out against the dark sands, turning them into shapes like dried bones of prehistoric animals.  Behind the closed summer cottages, where not even the ghosts of summer lovers remained, a narrow railroad track, ties wet and gleaming, slid like two dark streaks across the frozen meadows. A train, a toy amid the surrounding im- mensities, hurried along, casting a new shade, yellow of smoke, to mingle with the other floating veils that hid the de- serted beach.  Three gray threads, banners of hearth and home, rose swaying in the clear morning air. Smoke from a cozy cot- tage on the cliffs, smoke from a tiny house among the pines, and smoke from the tall, crooked chimneys of the old Hansen House.  Out of the mist came a peculiar slosh- ing sound, and after the sound came a strange sight. A girl appeared leading a cow, and about the cow's neck was a     great wreath of roses--big, tattery flow- ers with silver stems and glossy leaves.  The wreath was formed of several separate bouquets, and where the arti- ficial flowers did not quite meet, sweet- smelling strips of evergreen had been woven into connecting loops.  Undoubtedly, some one young and beautiful had once worn those silver- stemmed posies. They radiated mem- ories of bare, gleaming throats, of velvet gowns, of ermine, sable and glittering jewels. They suggested the throbbing notes of an orchestra tuning up; the mystery of lights turned low; the ex- pectancy of an upward-sliding curtain. They spoke of camellias and soft pink ears, gleaming rosily with the breath of a whisperer of sweet words against them.  They were beautiful flowers, and even though the cow that wore them was very glossy, she was most indifferent. She came swinging along over the frozen earth, licking her long, sad face with her long, damp tongue and swaying her wreath with a certain air of annoyance, as if she felt that the only suitable dec- oration for a respectable cow was a neat copper bell--not a great heavy gewgaw of a wreath.  The girl continually jerked the cow forward as if she were afraid some one might came along and witness the strange exhibition.  However, no one came. But if any one had, he would have been surprised to discover that the girl was not young, that she was not a girl at all. There were lines in her face put there by that sharp chiseler Time; there were marks   13