114 The Handwriting Detective    as it is possible for two human beings to be. This person is fearful of every- thing, and cautious and reserved and introspective. Do I have to explain to any thoughtful reader why I know that? Isn't that the instinctive estimate you would make of this minute, tortuous bit of writing? And your instinct as to handwriting is frequently correct, for Graphology is based upon a long, long line of instinctive reasonings, reduced to a system. Why, away back in 1620 Camillo Baldo---but you don't want to hear that, do you? Anyway, there are a lot of famous names among the grapho- logists of the centuries since Camillo first began the serious investigation as to the meaning of the utter individuality of every individual's "fist." To return to the specimen. Anybody who writes that little, cramped hand needs to get out in the world and breathe some new air; he needs to learn to laugh--no hu- mor in this specimen at all. On the other and quite obviously, without even a suggestion from the science of Grapho- logy, there is the capacity for taking m- inite pains. If, to that element, more courage and initiative were added, the character of this writer would promise a good deal for work requiring close and accurate attention.  Number Six. Nice girl, that! Now And the train has give  I'm guessing, for there is no such thing as telling sex in handwriting. I know of no better argument for the complete equality of the male and female than this one thing--stripped down to the reveal- ing chirography, men and women are not marked by a single distinguishing mark. Just the same, I think she's a nice girl! There is sometimes a "something" about a bit of handwriting which suggest that which we rather vaguely call feminine, and a person who has examined--oh, some millions or so of specimens, can     sometimes be right in finding that some- thing. Aside from that, however, the character, as revealed, would fit any young person of normal instinct, good heart, and fair brain development. As for its being a youthful hand, of that, at least, I can be sure. After middle age is reached, it is very difficult to say approximately how old a writer is. I've known people of eighty who wrote as firm a hand as those of fifty--but youth- fulness shows in the unformed nature of the letters, just as it shows in the un- formed features of the face. In Num- ber Six there is too much imagination and too much lack of forcefulness, but that is true of all nice young people. It's a good fault.  If you want to see the evidences of maturity in a hand which has some re- semblance to Number Six, look at Num- ber Seven. The difference is plain The greatest day  enough; anybody can see it but it is almost impossible to describe. It is like the very slight differences which exist between the face of a boy of twenty and that of a man of thirty. There are no lines, as later in life, no real change that can be seized upon, and yet --exactly! Well, here is a person, too, with imagination and some lack of force- fulness--but that is a more serious fault here than it is in Number Six. It is in need of instant correction--or rather, of instant attention. The correction will take a long time. Each of these people is affectionate, in that gentle, sincere, and tender way which makes one fond of home, and tender and pitiful to weak things, and a little sentimental. My, if they really understood each other, and if Six were that nice girl that I sus- pected and Seven--well, anyway they could be friends, couldn't they, if they were two nice girls?