34 Illusions    deserved the name and still deserves it. Even in those bad days when I felt the old, savage lust of murder stir in me at the sight of him, I loved him, I think. He was a man's man. He did not know that women loved him, and if he had found it out, it would have shamed him, hurt him. He was--and is--a living refutation of the absurd lie that women love pretty men, for if his mother had found him beautiful in his infancy, she must have been self-deceived beyond the limits of maternal bias.  Let me sketch him for you, as I have him roughly crayoned in my portfolio of drawings that I, only, see. I have spread that crude portrait on the desk before me, to be translated into words instead of lines. If I could only make you see him through my eyes, it would be so much easier to explain what hap- pened. Porter Cresson, in the flesh, would make you acquit him as I acquit him, and like him as I like him.  Think, then, of the big, brown bear, the great, amiable, friendly bear of your fairy books, of Baloo, teacher of the Pack Law to the cubs of Seonee. Dress him in gray homespuns that are always immaculate, always meticulously fresh and creased, and yet which seem to multi- ply the burliness, the overgrown boy- muscles of thigh and shoulder. Shave him to an olive skin, darken its tint with the burn of suns, and add a glow of sav- age health. Give him a wide, friendly, elemental mouth, quick to reveal teeth that are almost a bear's--short, unde- veloped incisors and prominent, menac- ing cuspids projecting well below the line. Give him wide, deeply recessed eyes be- low heavy brows which meet above the wide, low-bridged, big nostriled nose. Give him a forehead that slopes sharply back to thick, soft hair growing in a clear-defined widow's peak, hair that is always brushed sleekly back, lying very smooth and flat and yet leaves always an impression of shagginess when you think of it afterward.     Yes, more than a hint of cave-man, as you have already told yourself. But there is no such impression when you see Porter Cresson. He radiates an aura of mental alertness that is almost gro- tesque in its contradiction to his physical type; you cannot hear him talk without knowing that he is one of the rare men who can think incisively without making cynics of themselves, men who have warm emotions below glacial brains; fine, generous impulses forever combating remorseless, scientific logic. You must think of him as a man who would take almost the same delight in a sharply fought game of chess as in a bear-romp with crowing children, or a rough-and- tumble wrestling bout with a lumber- jack. You must conceive him as a joy- ous football player, delighting in the rud- est shock of straining bodies and still guiding his stone-age muscles with the cold, detached intelligence of a twentieth- century scientist, plotting his attack and defense to the most trivial detail and playing like a berserk viking.  Make him quick with sympathy, eager- ly generous, give him a tact that is al- most uncanny, and then send him through Princeton and Cambridge and let him spend a year or two finding himself in the inner circle of painters and players and thinkers that a few very lucky men find waiting to welcome them at Paris. Give him, too, a striking success for his first effort at letters, a well-deserved po- sition of authority in a field in which few men succeed before they have passed fifty. If you can visualize charm, give him more of it than any man you have ever known. Thus you will have a fair idea of Porter Cresson; and perhaps you will understand why I have never learned to hate him--even now, when he detests me, and is certain his detesta- tion is well founded.  Marcia? That is not so easy. There are scores of sketches of her in my port- folio, but each of them is no more than a beginning, abandoned before it was