Cornflower-blue 35 "Poor kid! You mustn't blame her and you mustn't laugh at her. I'll never forget the frightened look on her face when the canoe went over." A voice in the background spoke up. "She might have helped you, at least." Then Adela again, "That's not nice of you, Jerry. You know she doesn't swim very well. I think it was marvelous of her to get herself to shore and help drag Bill in when I gave out." "Adela, you're so generous!"--a girl's voice, tense with worship. And then Bill, suddenly. "Hush! She's up there on the veranda." To Barbara it was as though a sudden pit had yawned sickeningly at her feet, leaving her with the knowledge that on all sides there was empty space, waiting to suck her down. She closed her eyes for an instant against the dizzy precipice. So Adela had done this to her? Kind, generous Adela, who was her friend. Then she raised her lids again and her gaze fell upon Bill as he came up the steps. A warm flood of thankfulness filled her. What did it matter--so long as Bill was alive and well? If it was glory Adela wanted-- very well, she would give her glory. She would give her the thing she wanted so desperately that she was willing to lie and cheat for it. And when the giving was done, she, Barbara, would be free of Adela, out of her debt forever. They came up the steps noisily and she waited, muffled and small in the great towel-like folds of her robe. "Are you all right?" she asked as the two men who had been carrying Adela lowered her to the veranda. "I'll say she is!" Bill said quickly. "She's got the strength and nerve of three men. I must have been a handful out there in the lake." Barbara could see Adela's eyes upon her in the lamplight from the veranda, cold, watchful, treacherous. "You were a handful," Barbara said, and Adela broke in quickly. "Never mind that. Come along, Babs, and help me into some dry clothes." "We'll have to celebrate!" cried the girl with the worshiping voice. "We don't have heroines up here every day in the week." "Right!" agreed Jerry. "A party in Adela's honor. Get you gone, woman, and into your glad rags." Adela, with laughter on her lips and vigilance in her eyes, came quickly across to Barbara and took her arm. "It'll have to be a party for us both. I couldn't have managed alone, you know. Come, Babs." But Barbara had no intention of leaving the security of her railing until she had taken her stand and allayed Adela's fears. "You were wonderful," she said gently. "I--I thought he'd pull you under for good once or twice." Adela had the grace to wince, but only Barbara saw. Bill was laugh- ing ruefully. "You ought to have let me sink, my dear. I'm not worth one pretty golden hair of your head. I can't remember a thing that happened after that crack, until the time when I came to with you working over me, but I must have been a terror." "You were!" Barbara repeated, with a reckless little laugh. She must say it now--now, before this growing weakness and nausea swept her away. "I--I saw it all from the bank. If she hadn't struck you, you'd have both been drowned. But she did, and then pulled you in!" "Knocked me out, eh?" said Bill. 