ADVERTISING SECTION Kill Kidney Acids Don't Take Drastic Drugs You have 9 million tiny tubes or filters in your Kidneys, which are at work night and day cleaning out Acids and poisonous wastes and purifying your blood, which circulates thorugh your kidneys 200 times an hour. So it's no wonder that poorly functioning Kidneys may be the real cause of feeling tired, run-down, nervous, Get- ting Up Nights, Rheumatic Pains and other troubles. Nearly everyone is likely to suffer from poorly functioning Kidneys at times because modern foods and drinks, weather changes, exposure, colds, nervous strain, worry and over-work often place an extra heavy load on the Kidneys. But when your Kidneys need help, don't take chances with drastic or irritating drugs. Be careful. If poorly functioning Kidneys or Bladder make you suffer from Getting Up Nights, Leg Pains, Nervousness, Stiffness, Burning, Smarting, Itching Acidity, Rheu- matic Pains, Lumbago, Loss of Vitality, Dark Circles under the eyes, or Dizziness, don't waste a minute. Try the Doctor's pre- scription Cystex (pronounced Siss-tex). See for yourself the amaz- ing quickness with which it soothes, [t]ones and cleans raw, sore irritated membranes. Cystex is a remarkably successful prescription for poorly func- tioning Kidneys and Bladder. It is helping millions of sufferers, and many say that in just a day or so it helped them sleep like a baby, brought new strength and energy, eased rheumatic pains and stiffness made them feel years younger. Cystex starts cir- culating through the system in 15 minutes, helping the Kidneys In their work of cleaning out the blood and removing poisonous acids and wastes in the system. It does its work quickly and positively but does not contain any dopes, narcotics or habit- forming drugs. The formula is in every package. Because of its amazing and almost world-wide suc- cess the Doctor's Prescription known as Cystex (pronounced Siss-tex) is offered to sufferers of poor Kidney and Bladder functions under the fair-play guarantee to fix you up to your com- plete satisfaction or money back on return of empty package. It's only 3c a dose. Ask your druggist for Cystex today and see for yourself how much younger, stronger and better you can feel by simply cleaning out your Kidneys. Cystex must do the work or cost you nothing. City Health Doctor Praises Cystex Doctors and druggists everywhere approve of the prescription Cystex because of its splendid ingredients and quick action. For instance. Dr. W. R. George, graduate Med- ical Dept., University of Indiana, former Health Commissioner or Indianapolis, and Med- ical Director for insur- ance company 10 years, recently wrote the fol- lowing letter: "There is little ques- tion but what properly functioning Kidney and Bladder organs are vital to the health. Insuf- ficient Kidney excre- tions are the cause of much needless suffering with aching back, weak- ness, painful joints and rheumatic pains, headaches and a general run-down, ex- hausted body. This condition also in- terferes with normal rest at night by caus- ing the sufferer to rise frequently for relief, and results in painful excretion, itching, smarting and burning. I am of the opinion that Cystex definitely corrects frequent causes (poor kidney functions) of such con- ditions and I have actually prescribed in my own practice for many years past the same ingredients contained in your formula. Cys-tex not only exerts a splendid influence in flushing poisons from the urinary tract, but also has an antiseptic action and assists in freeing the blood or retained toxins. Be- lieving as I do that so meritorious a prod-uct deserves the endorsement of the Medical Profession, I am happy indeed to lend my name and photograph for your use in adver-tising Cystex." Signed W. R. George, M. D. U.S GOVERNMENT JOBS START $1260 TO $2100 YEAR Men-Women -18 to 50 Early Examinations Expected Mail Coupon Today- Sure FRANKLIN INSTITUTE Dept. H193, Rochester, N.Y Gentlemen: Rush FREE list of Government big pay positions, with salaries, hours, work, vacations. Tell me how to gat a po-sition. Name .................................... Address.................................. Now $2000.00 Life and Accident Protection At Actual Cost Amazing New "$1.00 Per Month" Life plan Pays up to $2000.00 for NATURAL or ACCIDENTAL DEATH. Issued by big RELI-ABLE, STATE-CHARTERED COMPANY. Benefit does NOT de-crease as you grow older. Age limit 11 to 80. NO MEDICAL EX-AMINATION. Certificate sent on FREE APPROVAL, without cost or obligation. Just send your name, address, age and Beneficiary's name. PAY NOTHING. Write Interstate Aid Ass'n., Desk B-7, 75 E. Wacker, Chicago. STOP Your Rupture Worries! Why worry and suffer with that rupture? Learn about my perfected invention. It has Automatic Air Cushions which bind and draw the broken parts together as you would a broken limb. No ob-noxious srpings or pads. No salves or plasters. Sent on trial to prove it. Beware of imitations. Never sold in stores. Write today for full information sent free in plain, sealed envelope. H. C. BROOKS, 155A State St., Marshall Michigan Follow This Man Free Operator No. 38 Secret Service Operator No. 38 is on the Job! Running down dangerous Counterfeit Gang. Tell-tale finger prints in murdered girl's room. Free The Confidential Report Operator No. 38 made - to his chief. Writs for us. $3000 a year and up YOU can become a Finger Print Expert at home, in your spare time, at small cost. Write for con-fidental full report and details. Literature will NOT be sent to boys-under 17 years of age. INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCE 1920 Sunnyside Ave. Dept. 27-77 Chicago, Ill. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 