Your Stars And You 145 ability to see and take advantage of op- portunities. If you care to write me again, I will be very glad to hear from you. M. C., born January 1, 1909, Texas, 1:00 a. m.: I think you will make a success of secretarial work. You have an evenly bal- anced disposition and you are shrewd. Your mind will develop excellently as you become older. As long as you are engaged in study at this time, do not give it up, but in the future, if you have an oppor- tunity to study designing, commercial art, or something of that nature, it would be advisable. You have a fairly good year in 1934, in some respects, but you will have restrictions which will be irksome. Do not try to move too fast. Try to seek part- time work. You will be able to do your work efficiently. Mrs. L. M. A., husband born May 13, 1901: Please write me again more in de- tail. It would be better for you to tell me the nature of your husband's illness and the hour and place of birth of him and of yourself. Of course, I do not answer medical questions, but am able to show periods of improvement and a better men- tal attitude, if I have sufficient birth data on which to make a judgment. Your hus- band's chart shows restricted health condi- tions in 1934, but I hesitate to express my opinion about his physical welfare because of lack of the information stated above. We published an article about the sign Taurus, under which your husband was born in the issue of November 4, 1933. If you will send us fifteen cents, we will be glad to send you a copy of the issue. Miss V. R., born October 21, 1908, Florida, 1:00 a. m.: I do not know whether or not you have met the man you will marry, but you certainly will be in the mood for marriage beginning in November, 1934, and during the following winter you will receive a proposal, which will probably result in marriage in the late spring or early summer of 1935. You see, astrology indicates the impulses, urges and oppor- tunities, but you are a free agent and be- ing a human being you have the power to make your own decisions. Of course, HOT HOLLYWOOD NEWS 10c Street&amp; Smith's Picture Play 10c Monthly all news Stands LS-10E 