38 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine hers by right, yet the love she had taken had been meant for another girl. Because of the remains of the fe- ver that was upon him and the drugs he had been obliged to take during the day, he had mistaken her for Gina Mornington. What would he think if he ever found out the truth? She had been mad- mad! Yet the memory of that madness thrilled her from head to foot, and she knew that, no matter what price she paid, she would never really regret. If out of all her life she was to have no more than that one hour at least, it could never be taken from her. But she was bit- terly ashamed when she thought of what the man she loved would think of her if he ever knew. He must never know; she was determined on that point. But how was she going to face him? She prayed that he might be remaining in his room that day anyhow, until she had more time to collect her courage. Presently, the maid brought her morning coffee, explaining that she served it late, as she knew that Janice must have been very tired the night before. Janice bade the girl draw her bath, but she was very slow get- ting dressed, and finally ordered breakfast to be brought up to her own room. Somehow, she dreaded going down that morning, even though she believed that her hus- band was still in his room. But when she did go down, she opened the library door and saw her husband seated at his desk, looking through some papers. He still looked ill, but the signs of fever had gone. As he glanced up and saw her, he gave a start. "Hello, Janice!" he exclaimed. "How did everything go?" She noticed for the first time his eyes did not meet hers, and her heart missed a beat. It needed a great effort to make her voice sound steady as she moved for- ward. "Everything went off very success- fully, thanks," she replied. "But I don't think that you ought to be downstairs. You were very ill yester- day." He made an im- patient movement. "I've had attacks like that before. I can shake them off. If there is anything I loathe, it is staying in my bedroom. I am all right to-day- except that my head- is a little woozy from so much qui- nine." She turned away and looked out of the window. "Well, you know best how you feel yourself," she replied. "I must go into town this morning. Can I do anything for you while I'm down there?" He hesitated. THE STORY SO FAR: Jan- ice Temple, out of a job, is returning to her home town when, on the train, she meets Roger Greville, who has just been jilted by his fiancee, Gina Mornington. Hating to tell his father, who has never seen Gina, what has happened, he persuades Janice to pose as his fiancee for a month. Roger's father has a stroke, and before he dies he begs Roger to marry Janice. After the old man's death, Roger insists that they pretend that they are happily married. He also forbids her to continue her friendship with Sefton Arlen, a neighbor friend. Roger and Janice become good friends, and Janice hopes that Roger is learning to love her when Gina Mornington returns, determined to win Roger for herself. Roger comes down with an attack of fever, and Janice is with him when he takes her in his arms and kisses her, telling her he loves her, but calling her Gina. 