Two In Love 139 only way I could make sure of being loved just for myself." Very tenderly, he gathered her close. "You'd marry a nobody, a comparatively poor man, Eloise?" His voice shook with emotion. "I'd marry you no matter who you were," she whispered huskily. "I love you so much." His arms tightened almost fiercely, but still she felt there was some- thing troubling him. A look of in- decision flickered across his face. "What is it?" she demanded fear- fully. "I was just thinking, people say very uncomplimentary things about a poor young man who marries a very rich girl." "I knew it!" she cried, pulling away from him and looking straight into his eyes. "At least I was afraid you'd feel that way. So I thought it all out before I went to sleep last night, and I'm willing to give up all my money and live on whatever you make. With your love and help I can learn, Stephen. Father can cut me off, except for a small dowry, and I'll give the fortune my grand- mother left me to some worthy charity." Stephen held her off and looked at her, his heart pounding at the thought of her great love for him, until a suspicion of tears dimmed his eyes, and he swallowed painfully. "I don't deserve you," he said very sol- emnly, "but all the rest of my life, sweetheart, I shall try to make up to you for that brave little speech." He kissed her again, and then con- tinued: "I'm ashamed, too, for putting you to such a test. But you see, precious, it's been almost an obses- sion with me to find a girl who would love just me. I understand all too well what you have had to contend with. It's been practically the same with me. So when I knew I was falling in love with you last night, I deliberately deceived you, same as you did me. "I'm Stephen McCready West, junior partner of West, Harris &amp; West, and some day I'll be the head of the firm. I had a little smash-up with my car yesterday afternoon; that's how I happened to be aboard that blessed bus." Eloise went suddenly limp in his arms. This was almost too much. It sounded like a fairy tale; such things didn't really happen. Here she was, ready to give up her wealth and social position for the man she loved, only to discover that he was offering her the very same things. Surely she'd wake up to find it all a dream. But Stephen was talking. "Shall you mind so very much being simply scandalously rich, my darling, be- cause" and his face broke irre- sistibly into a broad grin "my mother, who owned a large number of gilt-edged bonds, left them all to me when she died." Eloise's cheeks were glowing again, her eyes were dancing jewels. "I shan't mind at all," she exulted, "since we found love first." "Is next week too soon for the wedding, my precious?" asked Ste- phen eagerly. "Not for rich romantics like us," laughed Elose happily, and looked straight up into his smoldering eyes. He drew her thrillingly close, kissed her hair, her eyes, and finally clung to her warm, eager lips. She returned kiss for kiss, happy in the knowledge that real love was theirs. 