66 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine a fine gentleman, in Fifth Avenue raiment, looking for his son. No one by the name he wanted anywhere hereabout! But when he set eyes on Red McKenzie-" Abruptly the shock of red hair outlined against the snowy pillow stirred. Red twisted his head and stared belligerently up. "Shut up, doc!" he rasped. "That's my secret!" Doctor Tolliver chuckled. "I'll teach ye to play possum on me! And I'll leave ye to whisper your own secrets! Remember, nurse, ye mustn't excite him!" Gloria sat on the edge of the bed. Her eyes were wide and wondering. "Whatever did Doctor Tolliver mean?" she demanded. Red grinned. He pulled her down beside him, tumbled her hair, rubbed that smooth, velvety cheek of his against her flushed one. Then he took her face between his strong hands and looked deep into her eyes. "Years ago," he explained, "there was a family of nice people who had an apartment overlooking Central Park, and a summer home up in Westchester. They were the kind of people who keep their servants till they're old and then pension them. Salt-of-the-earth people. "All except one member. He was red-headed, and at the time I am telling you about he had freckles. He was the kind of boy who wants to know what is going on in those far places where the jungle crouches, warm and steamy, in the tropic sun, or up where men of iron pit their strength against the great White Si- lence. Then, one day, this boy mis- understood something his father did. It was done for his good, but he didn't see it that way. Remember, he had red hair and a temper which up to that time had never been dis- ciplined. "So he did what many other fool- ish young fellows do. He ran away. He came up here to Alaska, and every one called him Red. Before long he regretted what he had done, but he was too proud to admit that to any one. However, he wrote a confidential letter to a friend, and six weeks later the finest, most up- right and kindly gentleman in all the world made the long trip by train and steamer, and for five hun- dred miles by dog sled, just to tell him that every one at home loved him. They loved him so much that they wanted him to live his own life in his own way. All they asked was an occasional letter, telling them that he was well and happy." Red laughed, a deep, vibrant laugh that made something in Glo- ria's heart begin to dance. "He had been a spoiled boy, back in the old days; but the Northland taught him that real strength is gen- tle, never boisterous or self-asser- tive," Red told her. "Perhaps it made a man of him!" Gloria struggled to her elbow. Her arm went under his neck and she bent over him, staring into his laughing gray eyes. "And then another spoiled young thing came up here, and the man they call Red learned to love her?" she said tremulously. But Red didn't try to answer that in words. What use did Gloria have for words when Red was crushing her close as though he would never let her go, when his lips were pressed to hers in a throbbing kiss that thrilled her to the depths of her soul? With a sigh of content she relaxed in his arms, secure in the knowledge that nothing could ever extinguish the fires of love that burned so brightly in their hearts. 