Musical Proposal 127 the breath of life to her. She had, she thought, managed this rather well. Robert would have a chance for serious conversation with Diane to-night, only over her dead body. Why, a thing like this would upset all her own plans for Diane! Stephen Trench, coming home at five, from the office, found his house embowered in flowers from the gar- den, his wife in her best gown, and Diane wandering about like a lost soul. To look at Stephen Trench was to see a typical suburbanite, set- tled down to middle-aged routine, a bit lined about the face, a bit dull about the eyes, with a contentment that was built on successive resigna- tions. Only now and then Stephen was different. Touch one certain chord in him and the man became alive, embers of a lost youth flaring up in him. He stood in the hallway survey- ing the proceedings. "Have I forgotten a birthday, or something?" Mrs. Trench came forward briskly, and, with a half glance to- ward the drawing room and Diane, drew him aside, explaining briefly. Stephen Trench took off his straw hat and stroked the one wisp of hair on his head that still grew under careful cultivation with vaseline and brush. "But is it quite fair to them?" "Stephen, you don't suggest that I am not doing the right thing!" "No, no, my dear, only-" "Why, they've only just met- at least for the first time since child- hood, which doesn't count- and with him going away at once, why should everything be upset? I know young girls. She'll fret and pine for weeks, maybe, but in the end wonder why she'd been such a fool. And as for Robert, he'll find plenty of distractions out there." "You say he's going where?" Mrs. Trench looked away. "The- oh, out East, in some out- landish place." She hurried on: "It might be all right under other circumstances. But with two such youngsters, it's just a passing fancy, and Stephen, I must ask you to back me up. We must get them through until after eleven, safely. Then he'll go away and with lots to think about, he'll forget her. But if they have time to talk, he may propose something ridiculous, and that we mustn't allow. You understand, Stephen?" "Quite!" he said dryly. She gave him a quick glance, but her lips said: "I know I could count on you." He tossed his hat on the rack and went out into the garden. For all the filled bowls inside, the paths rioted with nasturtiums on both sides; hollyhocks waved in the breeze from the picket fence, and leaves fluttered down from the trees at the end of the garden. The wind was soft but restless, so that he closed his eyes and remained still, letting it sweep over him, feeling old and despairing of his own courage. She could count on him! Yes, of course! He was a fixture, cemented in by a thousand acceptances and resignations. He envied his wife her sureness, her victories, her energy. Feeling tired, he sat on a garden bench; his hands touching the wood, felt a roughness. His eyes went to it. In a silly moment, of course, they had put it there, carving it in the newly bought bench- "S-E." People thought it had to do with compass directions, and took wrong bearings by it. It stood for "Stephen-Eleanor." Good heavens, how long ago it seemed! "Hello, daddy." "Hello, dear." He looked up. 