Extra Sheer 11 His eyes smoldered. "So that's it! You're sore because folks know you're engaged to me, so you can't flirt. Well, I'd call that pretty low, if you ask me." Fran shook her head. "you don't understand, Bill. If you and I got along all right, I'd stay engaged to you forever, and not even want to look at another man. But we fight!" And she hesitated, summoning her courage "I'm not sure, but I don't think I love you any more, Bill. Maybe I did love you once. But now-" Her voice died away, before the fury in his face. "So that's it, is it? Giving me the run-around, because a swell pays you a little attention? don't you know that his sort considers you on a par with a doormat? Something to wipe his feet on!" "That isn't so!" Fran said in a choked voice. "Oh! Then you do like him! So that is it! All right. Take him then. I'm through." The food came and they ate. At least Fran supposed she ate. There was a big lump in her thoat and her heart felt frozen. "Sorry I can't give you back your engagement ring," she jerked out. "But since you never gave me one, I can't, very well!" "How could I give you a ring? I'm not a millionaire like your pre- cious Van Erp!" "He's no millionaire, either! He's broke. Poorer than you or me. But he's not whining. Not much. He's going to run a side show at Coney Island. That s the kind of fellow he is!" The minute Fran had spoken, she would have given anything to call back the sentences. But it was too late. Bill's eyes looked intent. Inter- ested. "So! He's going to run a side show is he? A wax works, I suppose, or he wouldn't have been hanging around the store." "I don't know what'sort of a show," lied Fran. But it was too late. "I wonder what'sam Krause would say if he knew you were get- ting so thick with this Van Erp and turning down his own nephew! Or maybe you ve forgotten that it was Sam Krause that introduced you and me? My uncle, Sam Krause!" He looked at her intently. Fran had a scared feeling that seemed to be all over her body. "I suppose you mean my job?" she whispered slowly. "Just that." Bill leaned across the table. "Don't be a little fool, Fran!" Fran laid down her fork. "Funny!" she laughed jerkily. "It's taken a lot for me to see what you really are, Bill Krause! An awful lot! All week I've known that you were meeting Sadie Small on the quiet while I waited for you. But I wouldn't let myself know that. Be- cause I didn't want to. I thought I loved you, you see? To-night, for the first time in my life, I see you as you'really are. Common, jealous, cheap, two-timing, stingy, low! So we re through, Bill. Through for good. And if you want to take my job away, go ahead. I'll get an- other." Blindly, Fran went to the door and tugged it open. Blindly, she hurried along the street. She walked until she was weary. Then she saw a subway kiosk. She dived down the stairs and fumbled in her purse for a nickel. Once inside the turn- stile, she took the train bound for Coney Island. All the long, jolting way out there, she thought about Bill. A curtain of tears was on her lashes. She was 