The Silver Duke 91 "Maybe our wedding won't be ex- actly legal," Janine murmured con- fusedly, when she discovered that Buddy and Danny and the judge had vanished. It was the first thing she could think of to say under the shining- ness of the Duke's eyes. "One letter ought not to matter," she added, gaining courage. "Just try letting it matter whether I'm Jimmy Brown or Janine Broun." The Duke's arms loosened, and he said something under his breath that sounded like swearing. "Jimmy, Jimmy, you blessed idiot, why didn't you say so before?" There was a choked groan in his voice. "Not that the difference of a letter matters, but if I had known, I would never have married you." "Then I'm glad you didn't know. Anyway, I haven't a cent to my name except what Aunt Millie gives me for an allowance." Janine put her head firmly back where it had been, tucked under the Duke's chin. "You don't understand. Janine Broun was mad to marry a man like me without knowing all about him." "Then she loves being mad. You --you didn't kill any one." For a moment the Duke held Janine close without answering, then he walked over to a desk and brought her a handful of clippings. "Read them," he commanded in a harsh voice. Reluctantly, Janine bent over them. It was a sordid story of a man who had killed his wife and her lover, then himself; and how his son, the innocent member of a tragic family, one Neal Darrel, had been hounded by the tabloids until his life had become unbearable and he had disappeared. "That poor boy, Neal Darrel, was you, Duke?" Janine asked her voice soft with pity. "But you said Neal Riding-" "I had one friend, a judge, who had my name changed to Riding. I came down here and bought this place, but the habit of hiding was too strong. I lived in daily fear of some sob sister ferreting me out. Only in the shadows of Swantown did I feel safe." "And that was all?" Janine asked, a great relief flooding her with hap- piness. "You never were a gangster at all?" "Never, but don't you see? Some day some one will recognize me as that unfortunate son of a father temporarily crazed by his wife's un- faithfulness. Thank Heaven she was my stepmother, not my real mother. They'll force you to live through that hashed-up scandal." "As if I care," Janine said, with loving scorn. "I won't be afraid of anything as long as I have you." Janine, looking up into his eyes, shivered with happiness as his arms closed about her and his lips crushed down on hers, hot and fierce, in a kiss which made their very souls one forever. 