Reckless Bride 57 steps. A moment later, I found my- self descending into what was un- mistakably, the recreation room. Stooping cautiously, I could see a white screen hung at the far end. And near the foot of the steps was a little boxlike booth. Some one was in it, and as I crouched there, watching breathlessly, the swarthy film peddler suddenly came out of it. He walked, slowly, over to the screen and adjusted it. Then he went out through a doorway behind it. Like a silent flash, I was down the stairs and in the tiny wooden booth. I nearly knocked over a film projector on a little table, in my eagerness to open a bulging tan brief-case lying beside it. Hands shaking, I opened it, and com- menced drawing out the contents. One after another round tin box I examined in mad haste until, at the very last, I realized it wasn't there. My heart knocked sickeningly. Desperately, I looked about, saw a small package lying on the chair. Wildly I tore off the wrapping just enough to see it was another film. And the title on the top was "She Hung Her Clothes On A Hickory Tree"! Snatching it up breathlessly, I slipped out of the booth. Under the stairs I saw a table piled high with smoking supplies, and I caught up a paper of matches as I shot up the stairs just as heavy feet reentered the room from the far end. As I reached the entrance hall, some one parted the draperies in the wide doorway, but I didn't stop. I didn't even look. Like a hunted ani- mal I raced out into the driveway. Swift feet pounded after me, and my heart knocked sickeningly. I couldn't get away! But I could destroy the film. Madly I fled around the house, tearing open the tin box as I ran. In an instant I had the film free. I caught the end of the strip and flung the spool to the ground, unraveling it completely in a glittering heap on the gravel. Stooping swiftly, I lighted one of the paper matches and touched it to the celluloid. There wras a bright flare in the dark- ness just as a tall figure came run- ning around the house. "Lynore!" It was Don, his voice thin with amazement. "What are you doing over here, dear?" I couldn't speak. My throat was dry, burning miserably. I turned and stared at him, panting, pressing my hand against my heart as he came up to me. Before he could touch me, another figure came pounding around the drive. A bullet head bristling with short hair flashed through the light streaming through the wrindowrs in the house. "Hey, where's that film!" A swarthy face was thrust close to mine. "You took it, you little-" "Here! Be careful!" Don seized his arm, flung him away from me. "What's the trouble?" he demanded, his jaw thrust out. "Ask her!" the film peddler snarled, pointing at me. "Ask her why she just stole one of the films out of the projection booth I was going to show at the smoker! Oh, so you burned it already!" Stooping, he picked up the charred spool on which the film had been wound from the center of a black smudge on the driveway. Angrily, he whirled on me again. "Say, do you think you can get away with that, even if you did pull the wool over this guy's eyes?" he laughed harshly. "It's a big pity he can't see you in that film. It's the hottest number we've ever had on the circuit. Well, any time you 