Strand Of Gold 113 stretched a hand across the table, and so great was Billie's relief, that she laughed hysterically. "O. K., baby, you're on," he said. CHAPTER IX. When Billie met Holland the next morning, she was nervous and wor- ried. She knew exactly what she was going to do, but knowing what you are going to do and doing it are two different things, especially when a mission is as dangerous as the one on which she was embark- ing. "You got that book?" he de- manded immediately. He had two men with him as well as a diving crew and a large motor boat. "No," Billie told him calmly. "I went out to the island and hid that book yesterday evening. And I won't tell you where till I have what you're going to give me right in my hands." "So you don't trust me?" he asked with the first grin she had ever seen on his face. "Not any farther than I could throw this boat," Billie grinned in return. She knew that they under- stood each other. They rode out to the island in the boat, and Billie examined the diving equipment, the air motor, and the auxiliary hand motor in case there should be engine trouble while the diver was below. She tried to lift the massive helmet and the lead-weighted shoes. The diver ex- plained to Billie the air-control valve inside his helmet, which he worked with his head. With it he could let the air out of his suit and stay down, or let the suit fill with air and come to the surface. If any- thing happened to him, he would automatically come to the surface, because with no pressure on the valve, the suit would fill with air. He let her feel the wrist bands of the suit, so tight they almost cut off the circulation. The boat and div- ing equipment, she found, were his. Whether he thought he was em- barked on a legitimate enterprise or not, she had no way of knowing. When they reached the wharf and landed, Holland drew Billie to one side. "Now," he said, "where's that book?" "Now," Billie mimicked him, "where's that paper?" With rather poor grace, he drew a folded sheet of paper from his pocket and handed it to Billie. "See if that suits you," he snapped. Billie read it through, and then put it into her bag. "That's all right. Come with me." She walked down to the boat- house and took the book from under a loose board. Holland grabbed it from her. "Didn't mother ever teach you not to grab?" Billie demanded. "Where are your manners? Any- way, you can't do anything till I tell you which page to look on. It says that that particular ship sank about one hundred feet due north of the end of Whale-back Island nearest the mainland. Read it for yourself. It's on page ninety-four." Holland flipped the pages, reached the page he was looking for, and then read rapidly. Billie watched him. So much treasure was a high price to pay for Len's freedom and for her own. But she may have real- ized that if she gained love, no price was too great. At any rate, she did not seem too terribly disap- pointed. "Now," Holland said with a satis- fied smile when he had finished read- ing, "we're getting somewhere." LS--8A 