12 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine drew on her gloves slowly, knowing that if she hurried her hands would tremble furiously. "And now, if you will let me pass-" "You may call me Erin," the gray-eyed man told her, as he fell into step beside her, leaving Rod with a bare nod of his head. "I rather like the name Melina. It's odd. Just a bit old-fashioned." She was stumbling a little by then, because a sudden mist had come over her eyes. Erin O'Moore took her elbow lightly and guided her as if it were the most natural thing in the world. He pushed the door open, and the damp cottony fog rolled to meet them. Somewhere on the way to the street, he had acquired a topcoat and a battered felt hat. And now while Melina hesitated blindly in the en- trance, he pulled the coat on. "Shall we walk a bit?" He had her arm again, this time gripped companionably tight to his side. "I like the feel of the fog- it's so damp- ish and clammy sometimes. Look at it against the lights!" Slow, burning tears were seeping out from under Melina's long lashes; there seemed no way to stop them. They'd been gathering a long while -ever since Rod had told her brutally that their shipboard ro- mance was ended almost before it had begun. The man at her side sensed the tension. Across the cafe, he had seen enough in both pairs of eyes to un- derstand. "You may as well get it out of your system," he said casually, lead- ing her across an intersecting street where red and green lights were just a colorful blur. "Talk or yell, it's the same to me. I've listened to both in my time." Melina stiffened. She had almost forgotten that Erin O'Moore was there. She had been so immersed in her own misery. She looked up at his profile, sharply cut against the drifting fog and thought how different he was from Rod. Rod had perfect features and a collar-ad smile. But this man, with his almost beaklike nose and twisted grin, had something Rod never would have- something hard to put one's finger on. She said harshly, "Won't it spoil your chances or something if some one sees you walking with a work- ing girl? Or is it that the fog will protect you?" "Go on," he murmured equably. "It starts amazingly well." Melina shivered and drew the fur collar higher about her chin. "I'm sorry," she said thickly, "but I'm all in the air. I've just discov- ered that romance and the working girl doesn't mix, despite the Cinder- ella myth. The movies are all wrong so are magazines and novels. Everything's all wrong!" "Apple strudel!" he scoffed, and then stopped suddenly against a post that had appeared from the mist. "Shades of St. Patrick! I just missed/ carving my nose on that blasted post!" They stood momentarily still, looking up at the dark outlines of the iron post. The fog had thick- ened to a soupy consistency. "Didn't know New York could go London one better," Erin O'Moore muttered,listening to the continu- ous hooting of cars half stalled in the avenues. "We'd best get out of this for a while." Melina frowned slightly, coming alive to the problem of the moment. "Where are we? Have you any idea?" He dropped her arm and shinned rapidly up the iron post before she could close her mouth. His voice 