124 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine From an immense distance, from some place millions of miles away, she heard her father's: "Catch her, Red. The poor kid! It's seeing me back like this, on top of everything else, that's got her. Hold her while Sandy and I go in to Honey. Tim, you old ape! What you staring at? Come along with us. Where's your sense? Don't you know when three's a crowd?" Tim grinned and then followed Robert Brent and Sandy. And then Red's arms were about her; his cheek was pressing smoke and grime on hers, and his lips, with the tang of smoke on them, were holding hers, drawing at her heart, drinking her in with breathless hun- ger. And Red's voice was whispering in her ears; foolish, senseless whis- perings. They were not. the things he should have told her- of the hunch that had sent Robert Brent from one train to another homeward bound, before his journey was half over, that had brought him back to camp to take a hand in the final conquering of the fire. Not of the reconciliation between his father and hers the long hand- clasp and the straight, level meet- ing of eyes. Not of the crew of McMaster men who were already working down be- low to repair the damage the fire had wrought, nor of the reace for the bonus, which was a race no more, as there was only one company to win it -Brent &amp; McMaster- Brent &amp; McMaster this time, to stay. Not of these things at all! What did they care for such things as those, this red-haired boy and this brown-haired girl, locked tightly in each other's arms? What Red really told Bobbie was: "I love you. There hasn't been a day, a minute, or a second, in all the four and a half years we've been apart that I haven't loved you. I'll love you till the world stops turning, and the sun stops shining." And Bobbie was saying- whipser- ing the words up against Red's ear! "And I'll be your tomboy wife, red, because I can't help myself. But sometimes I'll wear skirts, dar- ling- grand skirts that fluff about me, and I'll wind a ribbon in my hair, and we'll close the door on all the world, and there'll be no one, but just us two together!" And the sun, peeping up over the sky's rim, found them there- a single outline- to shine upon and bless. THE END COQUETTE A ROSY petal fluttered down Where roses never grew. I looked up to the window ledge And then I saw 'twas you. I felt the nearness of your lips And pressed them close to mine. Their dewy sweetness left with me The flush of rosy wine. Doris I. Bateman. 