58 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the Cloudline Club, Harvey guided her about the glazed floor in lithe, strong rhythm, so suavely attuned to the music that his steps might have been written by the composer as a part of the score. He danced with Nola and the others, always returning to lead Merrilee off for another number. She was deliciously aware of the pressure of his arm around her, the steel of his shoulder, beneath her touch, the nearness of his bronzed face, brushing lightly against her hair. She let herself think for a mo- ment, "How wonderful it is just to be with this man!" Then, with a wrench of will power, she dragged her thoughts to reality. These thrills were borrowed. Harvey Tate had only lent himself to her, as a favor. When they finally went home, Harvey and she in some way became separated from Nola and her escort, taking a taxicab to themselves. Merrilee sat back with her eyelids half lowered, aware of Harvey's smiling nearness, yet feeling dread- fully like Cinderella at the approach of midnight, when borrowed happi- ness would be snatched away. She was suddenly rebellious at that thought. "I wish," Harvey was saying whimsically, "that doing favors for people were always as pleasant as this has been." "I hope you'll be able to help me out once more." Her words came on a sudden impulse, but the tone was casual. "I promised Nola I'd go with her on the eighteenth. Will you take me? You know, just to round out the impression." With quick strategy which, surprised her, she added, "To-night worked out so beautifully. Having you as a date made just the right impression on her." "Why, all right," consented Har- vey, with that odd smile which she could not interpret. At her first Opportunity, she spoke to Nola. "What are you doing the eight- eenth?" "Why, nothing. Oh, yes. That's a Wednesday. I have a date with Dick Mills." At first she didn't think a double date could be arranged. "I have a kind of tentative en- gagement with Harvey," said Merri- lee. Nola's face lighted quickly- too quickly. "Maybe we can fix it," she said. "I'll call Dick." Next day she reported, "It's all right. "We're just going to the Danube. You come, too." The Danube was a colorful, but serene place, where the orchestra skillfully alternated gay, sweet Straus's waltzes with the best of the latest tunes. Again Merrilee was in Harvey's arms, dancing. And, again life seemed to be moving faster through her veins because of his nearness. There was a thrill of being touched by his hand, in being held close against him as they danced. Merrilee found herself wishing his arms were around her in a real em- brace, wishing she were crushed close against him to be kissed. Even the thought made her heart pound. She was in love with him! It seemed odd that she should just be realizing it, all at once, this way. She must have been in love with him for days, maybe for weeks! She looked up at his face, close to hers. Did he care, too? His eyes met hers, and her nerves tingled 