Tender Arms 69 "It's not only that man," Ward began. "It's--" "Don't tell me it's the principle of the thing," Jocelyn interrupted. "When any one says that, I know he's trying to be disagreeable. The truth is, you're idiotically jealous, and I'm not going to stand it." Ward surveyed her in silence a moment, his features granite-hard. An uncomfortably hollow sensation crept over Jocelyn. A little pulse of fear started vibrating deep inside her. She thrust out her hand with an inarticulate cry. "I didn't mean-" she began, when Louisa's voice, sharp with im- patience, cut her off. "What are you two waiting for?" she demanded. "Come on and let's have something to eat." Ward stood aside for Jocelyn with the hint of a mocking bow. "When you and your sister have been fed we can continue this dis- cussion about what you will and will not stand." Jocelyn, silent and apprehensive, preceded him to the table where Louisa and Phil waited. She sank into a seat and slowly peeled the gloves from her hands. Her eyes were on the big emerald that glowed on her third finger as she waited in silence for her order. When it came, she couldn't eat. Her throat was tight, and a sense of utter weariness possessed her. Occasionally, from under her long lashes, she stole a glance at Ward. He was talking to Phil about golf. "I think I'll go to bed," she an- nounced suddenly. Ward turned to her. "Wait a bit. It will do you good to get a breath of air before you turn in." "Yes, do go outside a while," Louisa urged. "She thinks you want to kiss me good night," Jocelyn, observed. "Better come and get it over with or she'll be disappointed. My sis- ter has a romantic soul." She led the way from the long room, then stepped out a French door onto a gallery running the length of the hotel. The autumn air was crisp and fragrant with pines. Jocelyn stood still for a moment, leaning against the rail, drawing in great, deep breaths of the bracing air. Ward stood behind her, silent. Then, unexpectedly, his arms came about her and he pulled her into a tempestuous embrace, his cheek pressed hard against the girl's. "I love you," he said, his voice rough with emotion. "And you con- tinually make a mockery of it. If you loved me you wouldn't." Jocelyn moved her cheek the least bit so the roughness of his rubbed against her tender face. His mas- culinity seemed to engulf her. She felt suddenly suffocated. She wrenched free from his hold, facing him in the dim light filtering through the windows. "I do love you," she said, speak- ing slowly and thoughtfully. "But I've got to be myself. I can't be watched and suspected all the time. Love, to me, means faith, trust. Unless you can trust me, I can't be- lieve you love me." "I do trust you," Ward broke in. "But you make it so wretchedly hard. You flirt with every man you see. There are times when I think you'd go off with the first one who asked you." Jocelyn stiffened, rigid with shock. "So that's what you think of me!" She pulled the emerald from her fin- ger and held it out on the flat of palm. "Take it!" she cried. In spite of herself, her voice broke on a sob. Ward made no move to accept the 