The Silver Duke 87 driving away from the heat and sor- didness of Swantown. Jan was glad she didn't have to see Lizette again. She was filled with hatred for the girl who had lied to the Duke out of petty malice. Maybe some day she'd thank Lizette, but not while the pain of losing the Duke was an open wound in her Heart. "I suppose you've seen a lot of Lutie," Anne said calmly, as they bumped across the last of the tracks into Beverly. "She bragged that she was going with some handsome thug down there." Janine did not reply. She was drawing deep breaths of the clean air of wide, shaded streets. Behind her was Swantown, and all its sor- didness and heat. The madness of loving the Silver Duke--that should be put behind her, too. She was once more Janine Broun, and even Lutie could not drive her back to Swantown. Aunt Millie and Sukey both wept when Janine got home. To her sur- prise, it was no effort at all to pick up the threads of her former life and go on. Every one knew, through Anne, that Janine had been doing social work at the Margaret. They were glad to have her back, and the chapter of the summer in Swantown seemed gone and forgotten. But not for Janine. She could be busy all day and dance half the night, but in the long hours of early morning, she would live over every moment she had spent with the Sil- ver Duke. In her dreams she felt again the spray on her face as his boat took them up the coast, and wakened to find it was her own tears. The first day after Lutie and Carleton returned, Lutie followed Janine to her room and shut the door. "Does the Duke come here, Jan?" she demanded, going to the point Lutie-fashion. "No, I haven't seen him since I left the Margaret." "I have. I saw him riding with Buddy Draconi. She lives along the ocean at that big place that was shut so long. What was the trouble be- tween you two?" "Nothing. He left Swantown be- fore I did," Janine answered gravely. "I know that, too. I was at his rooms that night. He was packing when I got there, and was in a tear- ing rage about something. His face was so white it scared me. He seemed to have some crazy idea from Lizette Greer that you had come to the Margaret from the Campau." Janine's violet eyes widened. "He told you that?" "No, I picked it out of him." "What did you tell him?" she asked in a strained voice. "Why, you fool, what would I tell him? I said it was so. That Carle- ton was mad about you, and that when we got engaged I made him get rid of you." Lutie laughed at the sight of Janine's face. "Did you think I'd tell him that you were just too pretty to have around when I wanted to catch a rich man?" "Why not? You already had Carleton," Janine said in a strangely dead voice. "I wanted him, too." Lutie coolly lighted a cigarette. "If he had even looked at me, Carleton could have had you and welcome, but he didn't. I even threatened to tell the police about him, and he just laughed." Lutie's voice was choked with fury. "I don't believe he was hiding from the police. So you lost him to Dra- coni?" Janine refused to reply, and finally Lutie left. 