Reckless Bride 53 me a chance to be alone and com- pose my shattered nerves, which had turned dinner into a nightmare for me. It was almost more than I could do to laugh and talk natu- rally during the meal, but somehow I managed to keep up until Don left. As it was, he stayed with me until after ten, when he saw the cars beginning to arrive across the road. Before he went, he held me close in his arms, whispering that this was the last night we'd ever have to be apart. I could feel his pulses leap- ing. His eyes, so blue and deep, were warm and glowing with his love for me, and my heart con- tracted thinking how narrowly I had escaped seeing them harden with scorn and contempt. But it was foolish to allow that thought to tor- ture me now, I kept telling myself. Hadn't I burned the film with my own hands? Don could never in the world find out about it. It could never endanger our love again. His kisses, passionate and tender, calmed me, filled me with a sense of utter security. When he left, I was on fire with thrills because I knew I was the happiest girl on earth. Shortly after I went up to my room, I heard the rest of the family retire for the night. But I didn't undress for bed just then. I had some last-minute packing to finish. It must have been at least a half- hour later when I heard a tap on my door. Opening it, expecting to see Don's mother, I was surprised to find the housekeeper standing there. "There's a man downstairs to see you, Miss Lynore," she said, a queer look on her stolid face. "To see me!" I stared at her, and then I saw she was holding out a visiting card. Uncertainly, I glanced at it and gasped sharply. For the name engraved on it was Oliver Bennett. An icy shudder cut through me. Oh, how could he have found me after I had eluded him this long! But he had, just as I had feared he would. I had known all along this might happen at any minute. My heart drummed insanely in my ears. "Oh, I can't go down! Tell him I'm not here," I panted, and then I saw the housekeeper had turned the card over, so I could see the words written on the back in Oliver s familiar handwriting. I know you are here. If you see me at once, I'll not make any trouble. But if you'refuse, I'll bring the police and force you to come with me. O. B. For a frantic moment I wanted to run and hide, or rouse the house- hold to protect me. But that would be madness. I knew he meant what he said about the police, and I had to prevent that at any cost. My only chance lay in making him see reason and let us alone. There was no other way out of it. I had to go down. Weak with terror, I entered the living room a moment later. Oliver was standing importantly in the center of the floor, a sly ex- pression on his handsome, florid face. His thin lips spread in a smile as I stood trembling in the doorway. "Ah, the little runaway in per- son!" he drawled. "Come in, child. don't be afraid. I'm not going to kidnap you this time. Let us sit down and have a quiet little talk." He motioned toward the davenport. Slowly he sat down. But I remained standing. "What do you want?" I faltered, searching his narrowed eyes, afraid to breathe. He raised his brows in a gesture he had always used when he had any one helpless in his power. "Well, first of all I want to congratulate 