The Silver Duke 77 her aunt's home for years. Why not let her try it? "Come along then, since you're so determined," Anne decided, and the girls went to get Anne's car. Down through lovely, tree-shaded Beverly and across the tracks where, in the narrow space between rail- road tracks and docks, lived the other half. Janine had never been across the tracks, for Aunt Millie had been firm about not letting her visit the Junior League's pet charity, the Margaret Home for wayward girls. Mrs. Babbie, a plump, motherly- looking person, did not ask any questions, but fell upon Anne's choice of a new helper with open arms. There was no room for Janine to live at the Home, but Mrs. Babbie gave her the address where her for- mer assistant had stayed. Anne was horrified at the small attic room, but Jan said it would do nicely, and still in her mutinous mood, paid her month's rent in ad- vance. She'd have to share it with one Lizette Greer, a factory worker. When Janine reached her aunt's home again, she found that Aunt Millie had gone to the country club with Lutie and had not left, as she usually did, a note telling Jan to follow. Janine, who had been rap- idly weakening, grew angry once more, and hurriedly packed her things. Then she left the house she had come to as a sad, long-curled, nine-year-old. Her roommate was curiously awaiting her arrival. She was a thin, attractive girl with odd, slanting eyes that never looked straight into Janine's. "Ain't you going to unpack every- thing?" she asked, when Janine had unpacked what she thought suit- able for Swantown and left the rest in her trunk. Janine had known just how silly the other clothes would look in Swantown, those long, flowered chiffons, starched laces, rough sports silks, silver and gold slippers, exquisite silk underthings. She'd been silly to bring them, but she had not known what else to do. If she could have trusted Lizette, Janine would have shown her the clothes and told her what had hap- pened, but something in Lizette's shifty glance repelled her, so she kept silent. In the days that fol- lowed, when she dived into the trunk for this possession or that and ex- posed the lovely things, Lizette only looked knowing, so Janine guessed that her roommate had been through the trunk, but she didn't care. Life at the Margaret was hard, but Janine learned rapidly, and Mrs. Babbie was overjoyed. Because the Junior Leaguers had all gone North for the summer, Janine did not have to dodge her former friends. With some of the girls she easily made friends, but some remained hard and sullen to the last. Of them all, Jan grew really fond of only one. "Buddy" Draconi was a beautiful black-eyed girl with curly dark hair and soft white skin. It took a long time to win her confidence, but when Janine did, Buddy was pathetic in her eagerness to be friends. Her story was unusual, as Jan had suspected it would be. She had been loved by two men, rival gangsters, and had married one to be promptly widowed by the other. A friend had brought her to the Margaret. And as Buddy said, "No one would think of looking for Buddy Draconi in this joint, leastways not Danny the Knife." It was soon after this strange friendship began that Buddy burst out with, "I bet the Silver Duke 