Your Stars And You 139 ment, vacillation, and sensitivity are handi- caps. You are intelligent, energetic, and have good basic judgment. Now, you have the cooperation of the planets for the next two years. You should make changes and accept opportunities, the first of which will probably come your way in the early spring. Act with more confidence. Seek opportunities. Expand your personality and make new contacts. Conditions in your home will not be entirely satisfactory, but that should be a separate part of your existence which has nothing to do with your material advancement. Be wise and progressive. "Star Dust," born February 4, 1916, Maine, 10:50 p. m. Sorry, but I do not omit birth dates, except in unusual cases. Your chart does not correspond with that of the man you mention and I advise a permanent break. There is a lack of sym- pathy between you and there is no doubt but that you will find some one who will appeal to you more than the current heart interest. There is a definite break coming shortly, anyway, and changes in many directions. I do not advise you to become serious with any one of the opposite sex for about three years- meaning marriage, of course. Do not forget there is a time and place for everything under the sun. Write to me again. Miss M. L. L., born March 8, 1917, In- diana, 3:45 a. m.: It appears very likely to me that marriage is in store for you folks late this summer. The two charts harmonize and you have much in common. Affairs in general will improve for both of you and even though the economic problem injects itself and you think there should be a postponement, I advise you to pro- ceed with your plans, if possible. Mr. C. F. W., born January 18, 1912, Ohio, about 4:00 a. m.: There is no doubt about your having artistic talent but I am sorry that you spent your money on a correspondence course. I feel as if you should have had the benefit of class work and a personal teacher. It so happens that I recall the marvelous art institution in your town and I advise you to consult an expert. Make no change in your plans be- cause I feel you have a future in the com- mercial field. Also, you have just finished a bad planetary period and I am sure you will find more encouragement in future conditions. It will be necessary for you to stay where you are for the present but you will have a change the latter part of the year. Mrs. A. B., born February 6, 1885, Arkansas, 2:00 a. m.: It was kind of you to write me again and I am sorry your reply has been delayed. Before I answer your question I wish to urge you to con- tinue your astrological studies. You will find it helpful in many ways and your chart is well adapted to it. There is no question in my mind about your instinctive healing ability and inherent knowledge of medicine. It is too bad you were not able to study this in your early life and I am wondering if it would be possible for you to obtain work of an apprenticeship or assisting nature in a clinic or institution. Your intuition is remarkable and you can- not help from pouring forth your strength and giving yourself to each and every case. I would like to see you do something with this unusual talent. You have been re- lieved of great pressure in your life which has continued in one form or another for about eight years and now is the time for you to make a concentrated effort to im- prove your circumstances. Any changes in the immediate future will be beneficial. Do not hesitate to associate yourself with some one else who is established. I believe this is your best way of becoming better known. Mrs. E. B., son born January 31, 1928, Pennsylvania, 9:00 p. m.: I answered you previously about your daughter but have just discovered your second letter about your son. The answer to your inquiry about his talent is in the affirmative. You are fortunate in having such capable, talented children. Proceed with your plans for them. Mr. W. K., born January 16, 1907, Wis- consin, 11:40 p. m.: It has been impossible for me to answer your letter before now and I am sorry for the delay. Due to the improved planetary conditions you have had since last fall, I am inclined to think you have obtained tangible results. It is difficult for me to tell you specifically about this examination, because even though your chart indicates improvement and fresh opportunities, I do not know just how your own willingness to benefit by them has been demonstrated. However, I want to say that I like your chart. You have balance, a good mind that likes to go to the root of matters and your per- sistent qualities are very strong. You have 