NEW INVENTION SAVES GAS! 3 to 6 MILES MORE PER GALLON Motorist Saves $180.00 a Year CHRYSLER Have tried the Vacu-matic and it sure is fine. Better pick-up with a 30% gas sav- ing--John C. Martin, Pa. Plymouth I am amazed at Vacu-matic per-formance. It's giv-ing me 5 more miles per gallon. -Walter Zielinski, Ill. V-8 Ford I installed both Vacu-matics and they work excel-lent. On my own V8 Ford I notice wonderful perfor-mance in pick up, get-away and gas saving.- Burt Burnett, Mich. Buick Everything you claim about Vacu matic is true. I now get 20 miles to the gallon. Be-fore I was only averaging 15 1/2 miles. - C. Constantino, Fla. Franklin With Vacu-matic I have increased my mileage from 10.1 to 14.2 miles per gallon. I figure I save over $75.00 a year in gasoline. R.K. Radtke. Wis. Saves $180 A Year On my Plymouth 6 I obtained an average of 22 miles per gallon, an increase of 7 miles. This means a savings of $15 a month or $180 a year. F S. Peck, Calif Chevrolet Please send me a Vacu-matic for a Model A. The milage on my 1933 Chevro-let jumped from 18 to 22 miles per gal. with Vacu-matic.- Paul P. Haas, Mass. All Well Pleased Enclosed find order for 12 more. Everyone I have sold is giving 4-to-6 more miles per gallon. I have 3 more orders for V8 Ford. Every body is well pleased. -J.O. Carll, Texas. Model A Ford Have been using the Vacu-matci for a month. I used to get 20 to 22 miles per gal. Now I get 30 to 33 miles It is amazing the difference it makes. -James W. Barr, Canada. Nash On my Advanced 6 Nash gained 17 1/2% in milaeage. The car will idle down to 3 miles inan hour and then take gas with-out a complaint. -J.Showalter, Mo. Dodge Just complieted 2310 miles on 92 gallons in my 1933 Dodge 6. This figures 25 miles while befoer I aver-aged only 20 miles per gal. on trips. -Al Fruzyna, Calif. OldsMobile I am well pleased with Vacu-matic on our Olds-mobile. A test proved it to give 18 miles per gal. Before we considered 13 good. -Arthur Wil-liams, N.Y. Above are just a few of the many unsolicited letters recieved from VAcu-matic users. Saves up to Thirty Per Cent On Gas. Provides Faster Pick-Up--More Power-- Greater Mileage and Smoother Running. GET FREE INFORMATION Vacu-Matic the Carburetor Control that "Breathes" Patent Pending AT LAST! Automotive engineers have smashed down the barriers to perfected combustion! The new VACU-MATIC solves the secret of greater power! With almost magical action, this amazing inven- tion instantly puts new life and pep in any motor. It adds mileage to every gallon of gasoline . . . produces split-second pick-up, sensitive accelerator response, greater speed and smoother running New- Automatic- Nothing Like It! The self-starter--four wheel brakes--knee action--streamlining... and now VACU-MATIC! The greatest motor improvement of recent years! With it, engineers have achieved a practical means of balancing air and gasoline automatically for all speeds: Vacu-matic is entirely different! It is AUTOMATIC and allows the motor to "breathe" at the correct time, opening and closing automatically as required. No idling troubles--no carburetor adjust-ments necessary. Just put it on and forget it! Sharply cuts fuel wastes, saves dollars in gas costs, reduces carbon and gives your engine new pep, greater power and longer life. Fits All Cars VACU-MATIC is constructed of six parts, assembled and welded into one unit, correctly adjusted and sealed at the-factory. Nothing to regulate. Any motorist can attach VACU- MATIC in ten minutes. Once in, its only reminder is the surge of instant power and speed it gives to the motor and the savings it affords your pocketbook. The Vacu-Matic Co., Wauwatosa, Wis. Agents and Salesmen If you are inter-ested in earning: unusual profits, check coupon. Exclusive terri-tories are now being- granted. Guaranteed Gas Savings The VACU-MATIC proves itself on every car. It is guaranteed to give worth-while gas savings, quicker pick-up, and more power or it costs you nothing. "On a test I gained an average of 4 miles on a gallon," writes Alex Wertz. "Vacu-matic is the best I have ever tried." Clarence Rutzin--"I have tried the Vacu-matic on several tests and find that I get between 5 and 6 miles per gallon increase, have more mileage, have greater pickup." Free Details Learn about this remarkable device that so greatly affects the entire performance of your motor. Learn why your car is costing you extra money to operate without VACU-MATIC. See why your VACU-MATIC equipped car will leap away from traffic without sputter or hesitation. Discover a new driving thrill and enjoy the savings. Get the facts! Write today! FREE OFFER COUPON THE VACU-MATIC COMPANY 7617-73 W. State St., Wauwatosa, Wis. Gentlemen: Please send me full particulars concerning the Vacu-matic and details of your Free Offer. This of course does not obligate me in any way. Name........................................................ Address.......................................................... City...................................................... State......... □ Check here if interested In selling proposition. 