36 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine flame. The shoreline was close, all dark trees and white snow. They were drifting toward it. Time seemed to jerk along for Dell. She was not conscious of dropping off to sleep. Yet that shore seemed to leap nearer in huge jerks. The gentle hump came when she was not expecting it, and threw her to her knees. They ran off the flow and floundered in the deep snow that came almost to their waists. There was no crust in the woods, where the sun did not seep through. Ahead of them was a shack, one side almost buried in snow. Tommy broke the lock on the door, and they went inside. There was a stove, an old keg of nails, and wood piled in the corner. Lots of wood. In five minutes they had the stove so hot that it glowed in the dim light of breaking day. Vaguely Dell realized that though they were warm, they were little better off than they had been be- fore. They could not wallow through that deep snow to find help. It would have been a physical im- possibility. Not even Tommy could do that. There were mattresses on the bunks. Martin took one bunk and Dell the other. The last thing she realized clearly before she dropped off into a stupor which was half sleep and half faint, was that Tommy had taken the hatchet and broken up the keg. She couldn't understand that. There was plenty of wood in the corner. She saw him fitting two of the staves to his feet like rude snow shoes. Once she came out of her stupor momentarily, to realize that Martin was just as he had thrown himself onto his bunk, but that Tommy was not there in the shanty. She dropped off into unconsciousness again without thinking much about it. Next there were people, horrible, grotesque people, and she had hard work telling which were real, and which were part of her nightmares. Again in those dreams Martin was trying to kiss her, and Tommy was forcing her to walk on and on. She hated Tommy. She woke many times after that, and always the figures surrounding her were vague, blurred, as things had been blurred in the fog. But one day she woke peacefully, as if from a long sleep, and everything was natural. The hospital room, the tables, the chairs, the bed, all looked natural. And Tommy, sit- ting beside the bed, looked perfectly natural. "Why hello, Tommy," she said, and she smiled at him. He smiled back, but it was a misty smile, as if he knew a great relief. She suddenly found that she did not hate Tommy as she had supposed. It was something else. "So there's life in the old girl yet," he said. "Good old life. Good old girl." He talked on, very fast for several minutes. and then suddenly he stopped. "There's no use trying to laugh my way out of it," he said. "This thing has me down and pretty near licked. I've been like a crazy man for days. I've always loved you, Dell. But being out there so close to you, and seeing what a thorough- bred you were, made me love you all the more. And instead of being able to make you love me, I had to make you hate me. Hate me enough so maybe you wanted to kill me." "I thought I hated you," she told him softly, "but you can't think straight when you're in anguish. I -I don't hate you now." 