130 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine terrific price that he's apt to have to if some one doesn't interfere. I'm going to talk when the time comes, regardless!" Thursby Linden's hand moved up in a staying gesture as if he would have stopped the words that some one listening in might hear. But it was too late. They had poured from Sophia's vivid lips with young and passionate earnestness. "Sophia!" In low voiced protest. She stopped then and looked around as if there might be some one in the room. "What a rash child you are!" And then once more they found themselves standing, staring at each other. "Have you a date for to-night?" Linden asked finally and quite frankly. Sophia grinned. "No, tall and handsome," she said. "I told you I'd been stood up. I haven't any dates any more I'm all out of them!" "That boy will come running back as soon as he finds out how lucky he was when you looked at him! But that's neither here nor there! If you haven't a date, how about going out with me? I have an engagement with that blond queen who spit fire from the limousine the other night, but why not come along with us?" Sophia stared at him for a mo- ment. "Do you realize what you're ask- ing, Thursby Linden?" she ques- tioned. "Do you know that you're just begging for trouble when you suggest such a thing to that girl?" Linden laughed easily. "You don't know her!" he said. "Lisbet likes meeting people better than anything she does. You know, she's one of those girls who's always studying types- oh, very seriously because she's going to write a book some day! She'll be crazy to know you. You'll be something new to her! She's often asked me about the girls in the office." "I know, but asking you about them, being mildly curious about what kind of fish, flesh or small fry they are, and going out in the same party with them are two quite dif- ferent things, ole dear, if I may say so." "You may say so, little and lovely," catching her mood, "but that doesn't mean that I believe it! I know Lisbet. She's got her funny little ways, but on the inside she's all right. I'm going to call her." And before Sophia could say any- thing more he had the telephone in his hand and was giving an East Side number. "Surely, sweet, I'd love to! I'd be thrilled! I think that s grand perfectly grand!" Linden had drawn Sophia into the circle of his arm and held the phone so that she could hear what Lisbet's high, sweet voice said. "And so, you see," he said after hanging up, "that's that!" He had just turned from the phone and they were standing very close. He looked down at her for a tense moment, gripped her shoul- ders and held her so for an instant. Then he pushed her from him. "Run away before I kiss you!" he said, trying to speak lightly but not quite able to mask the emotional huskiness of his voice. "Is it to be a very precious date to-night, or semiprecious?" she asked quickly, looking up at him quizzically and trying to hide the emotion that had surged through her own being in that close moment. "I'd say precious"- he had got- ten control of himself again- "but of course, you're talking about 