124 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine turned to Deering. Here it was: John Deering &amp; Son, Exporters. The residence was on Park Avenue. That was the address on the enve- lope she had seen. "To-night will be my one great moment. I'm glad I had a wave and manicure yesterday." Esther sang under her breath as she laid out her new dinner dress. "I must be careful and not talk out of turn." Long before eight o'clock she was dressed. A flame of excitement blazed in her dark eyes. Her head rose like a flower from the silvery gown that clung like mist to the slim roundness of her figure. Her slip- pers were the blue of the antique turquoise necklace she wore. A necklace her grandmother had worn, and Esther's one piece of valuable jewelry. Her heart beat furiously when the bell rang. She pressed the buzzer to release the outside door. "This is like stage fright," she thought, as she stood in the door awaiting him. Jack's eyes, that held the blue of ice and the blue of fire, lingered on her as he approached the doorway. How exquisite she was! Hair like soft-brown threads of silk, eyes the deep-brown of pansies. Her skin was like satin; her lips like rose petals. He drew a deep, unsteady breath. "I've never seen you look so beauti- ful, Sylvia." He stepped into the living room. "Ready in a minute, Jack." Her voice was a trifle unsteady, also. "This is a charming room," he said when she reappeared with wrap, gloves and evening bag. "Aren't you going to let me meet your friends? I'd like to know Kitty and Esther. They have good taste. I like those etchings and that clock. It looks like a Terry." Esther was about to say, "It is. It belonged to my grandmother," but she caught herself in time. "I say, aren't those Hepplewhite chairs?" "Yes. They belonged to Esther's grandmother. When Esther came to New York she brought the things she liked best with her. Her grand- mother raised her, and when she passed on Esther secured a post here. She teaches piano." "That accounts for that grand. I'd like to meet Esther. She showed extraordinary good taste in arrang- ing her antiques." "I'm ready, Jack," Esther said, anxious to terminate the conversa- tion. "You'll slay 'em to-night, Sylvia," he said, holding the door open for her. As she passed him he bent his head and kissed the brown silky hair. "Don't, Jack," she said faintly. "That's the weakest 'don't' I ever heard from you, my dear." He laughed softly. It was with trepidation Esther en- tered the big, brilliant dining room in the towering hotel. If some one who knew Sylvia should see her- It was a risk, but it was worth it to spend one enchanted evening with Jack. "I'll tell him to-night on the way home," Esther promised herself, not realizing then that promises are. often gossamer, frail, easily broken. She sipped her cocktail, eyes on his. "Beautiful eyes, Sylvia. To-night there are little golden lights in them." "Perhaps it's the table light. It has a yellow shade." "Has it? I haven't time to look." His eyes held her own as though helplessly he was drowning in them. 