Orchid Girl 77 shaking hands. I was afraid you would-" The mantel clock filled the room with its tickling. "Eve," Bob said, his hands clenched, as though words locked behind his lips were being forced from him. "I can't- I won't love you. You'd be a most exciting ex- travagance for an ambitious young doctor. But, oh, my darling"- his voice broke suddenly- "I can't live without you." He swept her close to him, and his lips pressed hers, satiny, berry- red, yielding. In the glorious magic of that kiss she was thrilled with an ecstasy that she thought be- longed only to the gods. Her arms crept up around his neck. She kissed him and gave her heart into his trust. "You won't always be a strug- gling doctor, dear," she said softly. "He bent his head and rained kisses on her spun-gold hair, on the Cu- pid's hollow in her throat, her hands, her mouth, exquisite, adorable, fra- grant as a rose leaf. "I'll earn with my dancing." "Not when you're my wife, be- loved." Gently he pushed her to- ward the door. "Phone your New York man it's all off." "But, Bob-" she pleaded. He drew her into his arms and kissed her until rapture infolded her like a cloak. "I may never have much money, my love, but I can't let my wife dance for money." "For love, then. I'll dance my love for you, free," Eve said be- tween a laugh and a sob. "I phoned him 'no' already. Said I intended to marry." "Cy?" She shook her head. "You." Her eyes were adoring him. "I read somewhere, when something you want is passing you by, run after it. So I ran after you, with my love." Bob laughed joyously. "I did some pretty tall running after you to-night, my darling." She clung to him. She was where she had longed to be. Closely held in his arms, lips upon lips. A small, quivering sigh escaped her as he released her for a mo- ment. Then he crushed her to him again, and set his lips on hers in a kiss that lifted her to dizzying heights of ecstasy. When colds threaten. Vicks Va-Tro-Nol. Just a few drops up each nostril. If a cold strikes. Vicks Vaporub. Just rub on throat and chest. Follow Vicks Plan for a better Control of Colds Full details in each Vicks package 