114 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine McMaster camp last night?" With- out waiting for an answer, he con- tinued furiously: "What is this--- a race between you and Hulda? You've got to a pretty level, when you play yourself against a girl like her for that double-crosser's favors! The minute your father's out of sight, running after him-" "She- she didn't run after Red! She ran after me!" The words came from Honey's opened door, and hearing them, Pitt's voice dribbled off into a half- muttered sneer; swinging to follow his startled eyes, Bobbie found her own angry denial, stilled on, her tongue. Honey was standing there, a wan white-faced Honey with mussed golden hair, and swollen, tear- dimmed eyes; Her negligee trailed its froth of silk and lace about her; her shoulders rose from it; white as milk, and her mouth was curled into a pitiful crimson droop, like a baby's mouth, soft with pleading. "Oh, Pitt!" she wailed, "Pitt! I can't stand it any more. Take me away! Please, Pitt, take me away from this awful place! It does things to people- terrible things! Last night I tried to bomb the river bank the way old Tim said up here at the cottage! Bobbie doesn't love you; she told me so. She said, she wouldn't marry you ever, and I thought- I thought, maybe if I could give you the bonus money, if I could bring you something big, you'd love me so much you'd want to marry me instead. Then you wouldn't mind the old company you're so crazy after. But I couldn't! I didn't know how. And then Bobbie found me, and I ran away--" Her voice broke. Pitt laughed- a strange laugh, that died against thin, drawn lips. "You tried to blow a hole in that river bed because you loved me? You thought you'd be doing a big tiling, for me if we won the bonus? You little fool! Didn't I tell you to be patient, that I had a scheme to leave things to me? Doing a fool thing like that and now Nolan! Who knows what's happened there! Murder, maybe!" He swung on Bobbie, his face contorted, his lips twitching: "You've got this much, you might as well have the rest," he snarled. "I've been gambling for a big stake, and I've lost. It's got away from me the whole thing! Money, am- bition, the girl a fellow loves those were the things I was fighting for, and I didn't care much how I fought, either! But when it comes to murder-" He broke off, his expression horrified. Then: "Why in Heaven's name did Red have to go sticking his nose into things that didn t concern him? Why didn't he do as any sane man would have done- let the bonus come his way and been glad? In- stead of that; he's been spying, sneaking, using Nolan's girl to checkmate every move I've made! Watching everything I did-" All her life, Bobbie was to remem- ber the sudden white flood of under- standing that swept her. One-minute Pitt was there before her, his words a meaningless jumble in her terror- stricken brain, and the next, he had vanished, wiped out in the flame that had burst within her a clean white flame, that pierced the dark muddle that for so long had been her mind. "Oh, I know, I know!" she was crying. "I've been so blind! It's true, what Red told me! He's been fighting for us- for dad and me- all this time, just as he said he was! "You've never wanted to win 