84 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "You don't believe me?" "Frankly, no. There have been, and are, too many men in love with you for you not to have earned the reputation of 'heartless flirt.' Men need encouragement before making fools of themselves." "How can you be so cruel?" She couldn't keep the quiver of heartbreak out of her voice. Tears glittered on her lashes. Small hands pressed against her throat to ease the pain there. She loved him; she knew that now. His look, filled with curious amusement, was like the prick of thorns in her flesh. He haunted her consciousness like a ghost, making her want the feel of his strong arms about her, the pres- ence of his lips on her own. "Oh, you're cruel!" she repeated, hardly conscious that she had moved nearer, that her bare white shoulder brushed against the bronzed flesh of his arm. His smile was crooked. "I'm im- mune to your charms, Miss Rogers. Tell Sam Hollis that. Tell him he'll never trick me as he tricked Dave." The words reacted on Reine like a physical blow. She cringed, star- ing at him with tear-dimmed eyes. He couldn't have said that horrible thing! But he had. Then fury swept her, stinging through her pain like the lash of a whip, driving her to hurt him as she was hurt. "You dare accuse me of such despicable cheapness?" she choked. "Did it ever occur to you that Dave Anders wasn't framed? That when he was caught with another man's wife in his arms, he lied to save him- self?" The blow struck home. He winced as from the touch of scorching irons. Pain twisted his face into a white, tortured mask, filling Reine with a gloating, savage joy. He looked at her. She clenched white lids over stricken dark eyes to blot out the misery she saw mir- rored in those blue depths. She wanted to take back that awful ac- cusation, to beg his forgiveness. Most of all she wanted to put her young arms around him, to steady his shaking lips with her own. "You wouldn't have said that if you'd known Dave." "You gave me no benefit of the doubt." "I'm sorry. Let's call quits." That meant he didn't want to see her again. She clenched white lips to strangle back a cry. Her next words came out involuntarily: "Of course if you re, afraid-" He interrupted sharply, "Afraid of what?" "Of me. But that's silly! Only men with red blood in their veins need be afraid of women." They stood up, and for a long moment gaze met gaze. He reached out and caught her wrist, pulling her close to him. Their young bodies touched and flames coursed through her own, leaping to life in her eyes. With an abrupt gesture, he moved away to the edge of the raft. She whirled and made for the other side, hitting the water in a clean dive. She swam, still under water, until her lungs threatened to burst, and bright-colored spots danced before her eyes. She never wanted to come up. If only she could go on like this forever, losing herself in the cool green depths of the water, becoming a part of it. But the instinct of youth and health sent her gasping to the sur- face and found her almost in the circle of Bart's arms. He gripped her shoulder, towed her shoreward 