42 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine To her annoyance, she recognized it as Sefton Arlen's. Reaching the curve in the drive, she would have turned off in the direction of the garage, hoping to miss the visitor, when he stopped his car and, getting out, hailed her. She was obliged to stop. "I've just come to pick up Gina Mornington," he told her. "I prom- ised that I would pick her up and drive her back, as I'm lunching at the Chelmsfords where she is staying." Janice felt suddenly cold, but under the coldness her hatred for the other girl smoldered fiercely. "Do you know her well?" she managed to say. "Yes; she and I met two or three years ago when I was abroad," he answered, and as they turned and walked to- ward the house to- gether, he gave her a sharp look. In spite of her effort to hide it, some of her hatred for the other girl had crept into her voice. "Your husband and Gina are old friends, I believe," he observed cas- ually. Janice's hands clenched, but she managed to keep her. voice quite steady as she replied: "Yes, I believe they are." Rounding the corner of the house, they reached the steps which led up to the terrace, and longing to end the interview, Janice began to mount them, saying that they would go in that way. "If Roger is still in the library, he can let us in," she added. A few more steps brought her to the first of the library windows. The curtains were drawn back, and any one standing outside could see straight into the room. It was im- possible for them not to see those two within- the girl kneeling with her arms around the man's neck- and it was at that precise moment that Roger Greville placed his own arm around Gina Mornington's shoulders. For a moment, Janice stood as though turned to stone; then, forgetful of the fact that she was not alone, she turned and walked blindly away. Reaching the para- pet, she gripped it and stood gazing down,into the gardens below, see- ing nothing but a red mist, and in the center; of it those two- her husband and the girl he loved. Suddenly, Sefton Ar- len spoke beside her. "Surely, Janice, you are not going to endure that sort of thing." Her need to speak, to ease some of the pain in her overcharged heart, was so great that she forgot the identity of her companion. "They were engaged to be mar- ried," she said dully. His eyes flashed understandingly. "I know," he nodded. "And they quarreled. That was how you caught him on the rebound. You're curiously like her. Every one has noticed that. My dear girl"- his hand closed on hers- "don't you know that she is not the sort to let go her grip on any man who has once cared for her? She is dan- gerously fascinating. Surely, you're not going to allow yourself to be 