Forgotten Bride 45 "Here's to you, Mr. Moon!" and he kissed her. And Dawn let him. Laughed against his lips, a crazy, wild laugh, that tore at her throat. "Two-timing!" she told herself de- fiantly. "That's a game two can play at, Jack Laird!" They had left the town behind them. The pavement stretched be- fore them, a white ribbon against the dark night sky. In the head- light's glow, fences whizzed by. Trees became shadowy, fleeing ghosts, waving ghostly greeting with naked arms. Cars, bright eyes in the blackness, bore down on them, blazed at them, and were gone. They came at last to a place where the road forked, and where a sign, showing white in the moon- light, pointed: "To The Dells." Phil slowed his car. He said: "Do I have to ask you where we're go- ing?" he grinned. And Dawn an- swered: "No. It would be the Dells for me to-night, if I had to crawl." It was a sprawling, log-ribbed house, the Dells, set far back from the road in a grove of trees. A graveled drive, leading up to its brightly-lighted entrance, made a horseshoe curve back to the high- way again. But at the side, fenced in by rustic, shrub edged rails, was a gate marked "Private." Because she had been there before, Dawn knew that it was through that gate, one reached the home of "Poke" Brian and his wife, Hilda, and, shivering, she stared at it, morbidly curious. Anything that concerned Hilda Brian, sent hate chills down her spine. Inside the crowded tavern, waiters were hurrying back and forth, threading their way between the close packed, dancing throng. There was the throb and beat of music, soft laughter, the clink of glasses and the snap of corks, and from behind a baize-covered door, the whir of the roulette wheel, and the click of the ivory balls, settling into their tiny groves. Phil found a table. It was far off to the side of the room, and near a door marked "Private," too. Dawn knew about that door, as she had known about the gate. That it led to the house where Hilda lived, and she stared at it, with the same hate chills pricking her. Phil gave their order, and the waiter brought it. Put it on the table before them. Dancing couples passed them, joggled their arms. There were people from town and people from school. Some Dawn knew, and some she didn't, but Phil seemed to know them all, and an- swered their nods as he sipped his beer, and followed, with nervous, tapping fingers, the music's beat. Poke Brian himself, making his regular rounds, sauntered by, and, stopping not far beyond them, leaned carelessly against the wall. Poke Brian was a huge man, with the body of a wrestler and a hand- some, battered face, and Dawn stared at him, fascinated. Following her eyes, Phil said, and smiled wryly: "And Jack Laird is playing around with that guy's wife! A fat chance he'll have if Poke Brian ever finds out! Why, crazy as that fellow is about his wife, he'd kill them both!" As though drawn by Dawn's stare, Poke's eyes met hers. They were small eyes, steely, and narrow slitted, and beneath them, Dawn dropped hers, shuddering, to her plate. And she thought of Jack, meeting this man's wife, secretly. Of his kissing her, making love to 