The Friendliest Corner By MARY MORRIS Miss Morris will help you to make friends Miss Mary Morris, who conducts this department, will see to it that you will be able to make friends with other readers, though thousands of miles may separate you. It must be understood that Miss Morris will undertake to exchange letters only between men and men, boys and boys, women and women, girls and girls. All reason- able care will be exercised in the introduction of correspondents. If any unsatisfac- tory letters are received by our readers, the publishers would appreciate their being sent to them. Please sign your name and address when writing. Be sure to inclose forwarding postage when sending letters through The Friendliest Corner, so that mail can be-forwarded. Address Miss Mary Morris, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. THOSE of you who would like to hear about a country around which center fascinat- ing legends that date back to ancient Aztec Indian days, will surely find Coah Pal a most interesting cor- respondent. This twenty-year-old, happily married American Pal lives in Mexico. Life never stands still for her; she makes it go! Write to her, girls! Dear Miss Morris: For a long time I have wanted to join your Friendliest Cor- ner. I am a young married woman of twenty, have no children, and as I am now living in Mexico, I get very lonesome for American friends. I have lots of time to write letters, and much to write about. Won't some of you girls please answer my plea and let me hear from you? I can tell you lots about this country and its legends. I promise to answer all letters promptly, Coah Pal. San Toy is married to a sailor. Dear Miss Morris: I am a young mar- ried woman of twenty-three. My husband is a sailor, and I would love to correspond with other sailors wives and sweethearts. I'm fond of reading, writing letters, have traveled in the United States, Mexico, and Canada, and will be more than glad to ex- change snapshots and answer all letters re- ceived. Let's go, Pals! San Toy. Boys, cheer up Lonely Ben. Dear Miss Morris: Please let me join your Friendliest Corner. I'm a boy of seventeen, have recently lost my father, and as I have few friends I am very lone- some. I was born in North Carolina, but am living in New York City. I'm inter- tested in fishing, dancing, music, and avia- tion. I intend to become an aviator one of these days. I'll appreciate all letters, and promise prompt replies. Lonely Ben. Help her collect pictures of movie stars. Dear Miss Morris: I'm just another girl of eighteen looking for Pen Pals. I have black hair, brown eyes, and love fun and excitement. I hail from Philadelphia, but just now I am living in Maryland. I would like to correspond with girls every- 