Extra Sheer 7 thought you were rich. I'm so sorry. If we'd known!" Mr. van Erp seemed to grow taller. "I'm not yet accepting char- ity! he said stiffly. What I buy, I pay for." Hastily, Fran asked: "What is it you want to-day, Mr. van Erp?" He drew a small package out of his coat pocket. "I came for ad- vice. I didn't like the cotton stock- ings Marie Antoinette was wearing, so I got these. But I wasn't at all sure of the size, and the clerk said they could' t be returned if they were tried on even by a wax figure. So will you see if they're correct?" Fran took out a pair of extra- sheer pearl-gray stockings. She caught her breath. "They're lovely!" she cried. Unconsciously, her tone was wistful. And I'm sure they'll fit." She caressed the stockings gently with the tips of her fingers. Fran wore service hose. They lasted longer. Suddenly she looked at Derek. Mr. Krause said that if you came into the store, you were to have a Chinese mandarin we have in the basement," she said recklessly, mak- ing up the story as she went along. "We-we give a sort of bonus to our best patrons. It- it's on the house!" "Oh!" Derek exclaimed. "That that's rather liberal, isn't it?" "The Chinese mandarin had been in the basement for two years. Mr. Krause had taken it on consign- ment. and the owner had never re- turned for the figure. Mr. Krause had forgotten it was even there. The gift of the figure might make up in some measure for the over- charging Mr. Krause had done, Fran thought. "The figure is in the storeroom. I'll get it," Fran added. Derek insisted on following her down into the cluttered, dusty stor- age basement. The one dust-cov- ered light in the place went out, just as they reached the bottom step. Fran gave a little startled scream. Instantly, Derek s hand was on her wrist, steadying her. "I've a flash in my pocket. Just a moment." He was fumbling for the flashlight with his other hand. Fran stood quite still. His touch was like fire on her wrist. Fire that went straight to her heart and made it thud wildly. Unconsciously, she swayed toward Derek. The top of her head brushed his chin. Soft strands of hair caressed his cheek. She heard the swift intake of his breath. Then he caught her close in his arms. He held her for a pul- sating, palpitating second. Fran gasped. Like a child, she lifted her lips to his. Derek's mouth closed down swiftly. His kiss was like a brand, binding her to him forever. Fran hadn't known a kiss could be like that. Bill's kisses stirred her. But never like this. Her lips grew warm. Her breath caught in her throat with a little sobbing sound. Instantly Derek released her. "I had no right to do that," He said slowly. Fran couldn't reply. She stood motionless, while her lips kept on thrilling to the magic of a kiss such as she had never known before. Derek found his flashlight. The round glow showed a jumble of waxen arms and legs and old cos- tumes. Mr. Krause wasn't noted for his neatness. In the center of the mêlée was the mandarin. He stood, with his arms proudly folded. He was incrusted with dust and cobwebs formed a gray veil over his face; but he was an imposing figure, none the less. "There!" said Fran huskily. "That's the mandarin." 