28 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Mrs. Fenwick seldom arose before ten o'clock. As she was leaving the dining room, Beverly met Gordon coming in. His eyes widened at sight of her in her trim white riding habit. She looked her charming, youthful best, and she knew it. He stammered a Good morning, and added, "You're really dazzling, Miss Fenwick, if you don't mind my saying so." "I don't. She smiled wickedly. "You're complimentary to mothers and daughters both, I see. How do you get on with grandmothers?" He looked taken aback at her sar-, casm. Then his jaw squared grimly. "Oh, I'm a riot in an old ladies home. Would you like to hear my memoirs sometime?" "Of course," she returned. "Some rainy day, by the fireside. And you can wear your slippers and relax." Then she went out to where the groom stood with her horse. Mount- ing, she galloped along the bridle trail that circled the lake. The fresh morning air brightened her eyes-and stung vivid color into her cheeks. It would have been per- fect, if Gordon, had been riding with her. She kept remembering the baffled look on his face. Her gibes had hurt him. Well, if she could hurt him, perhaps he was not indifferent to her. There had been undisguised admiration in his eyes, too, no-doubt of that. But the glow induced by these thoughts vanished two hours later, as she rode back to the hotel. She heard the gay voices of approaching riders through the trees. Her mother galloped into sight, and rid- ing with her were Gordon and Se- bastian. Beverly smilingly returned the greetings of her mother and Sebas- tian. But her face froze a little as she met Gordon's pleasant smile. "So you finally tottered out into the sunshine?" she said, as if ad- dressing a white-bearded old man. This time he refused to look hurt. He reined in. "Come along with us," he invited, "and I'll race you five miles, little one." "No, thanks," she declined; "you might collapse and not be able to play checkers to-night." A spark leaped into his eyes. "Look out. I might take the pre- rogative of the elders you class me with, and give you the spanking you need." She laughed tantalizingly, happy to see him stung by what she had said. "It isn't that I class you with my elders," she returned. "It's that you can't tear yourself away from them. And it's beginning to get you. You're aging, right before my eyes." As he started to reply, an impulse- of deviltry seized her. Raising her riding crop, she brought it down sharply on his horse's flank. The startled animal bolted, giving him plenty to do to manage it. Looking after him, she saw by the way he got the mount under control that he was an accomplished horseman. She rode back to the hotel, won- dering what had possessed her to act like that. Was it love? Was it love that made her so exasperated at Gordon that she felt she hated him, yet wanted to be in his arms? Did love make you so wistful and unhappy, and yet so thrilly inside of you? After lunch, Beverly arranged to have a canoe held for her at the landing. She hoped that Gordon would see her embarking. Perhaps it was this thought that led her to don her most becoming- and dar- ing- bathing suit. 