84 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine But it wasn't so easy to send Landell away. Serena had to listen while he enacted the rôle of broken- hearted lover. While he talked she heard a car go down the driveway. Her heart sank. Surely Jerry wouldn't go like that; without a word of good-by. Landell made his dramatic de- parture at last. Serena rushed out to the porch just as her car drove up. The driver stepped out and touched his cap respectfully. "Mr. Brandon made his train, Miss Serena." "Then he is gone," she said dully. Her heart felt like lead within her. She went inside and down to her uncle's lab as if drawn by an invis- ible force. Glancing about the room quickly, she saw that her uncle's in- vention was gone. Her whole world toppled about her ears as she buried her head in her arms on the dusty table. "Jerry, darling, how could you?" she sobbed. "I thought you, at least, would play fair." She wanted to die, here in this room, where her uncle had spent so much time. In this room that had meant so much to Jerry. He had told her that she didn't know the meaning of love. She knew, now. Jerry had gone back to the girl who was waiting for him. Now it was too late! She wearily dragged herself up to her room. A haggard-faced girl looked back at her from the mirror of her dressing table. "Jerry is gone," she told the image sadly. "He doesn't love me. He has gone back to her that other girl, waiting for him." Her gaze fell on a letter propped up against one of the ornate bottles on the dressing table. She opened it with shaking hands. The check she had given to Jerry fell into her lap. She read the words through a blur of tears. Serena Dear: I'm fading out of the picture, I wanted to surprise you with news of the success of your uncle's invention. I know I can put it over, and it will mean a nice income for you. Find happiness with the man you love. The "some one" waiting for me is my mother. It might amuse you to learn that I love you with my whole heart and soul, Jerry. It was the postscript that brought a sob to her throat. Just a line, saying: I can't take the check. Please accept my services as a small payment on para- dise. Serena could never recall how she got out of the house and into her car. When she came to herself she was thundering out of the drive- way. The train had been gone for twenty minutes or more. There was the bare possibility that she might overtake it at the first station. As she drove she prayed: Dear God, let me be in time. I must ask Jerry to forgive me. The California highway gleamed white in the dusk. On and on! Sev- enty miles eighty. Once she thought she heard a train whistle in the distance. She pressed her foot down on the accelerator, and the car reeled crazily onward. She kept her eyes glued to the ribbon of road unwinding before her. She'd prob- ably wreck the car and kill herself, but she didn't care. She didn't want to live without Jerry, anyway. The train was still at the station when she stopped her car with shrieking brakes. Breathing a sigh of thanks, she climbed on the near- est coach. She was scarcely con- scious of the curious glances of the passengers. She knew that her hair was blown about her face in wildest confusion. What she didn't realize 