56 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine it, Oliver!" I clutched at his arm in a frenzy of pleading. He took my hand in his. "I will on one condition, Lynore," he said, his eyes glinting. "That you marry me at once." I stiffened, and stared at him, ap- palled. In a suffocating flash I saw the hungry greed in his avid gaze, recognized it for what it was, for what it had been almost since I had lived in his home. And I had never dreamed it, even when he forbade my seeing other men! He had dared to think of me like this, even though he had a wife! I shrank away from him in revulsion. But he caught me back against him, holding me in a grip of steel. "Don't look so horrified, Lynore," he said softly. "My wife died three weeks ago in the sanitarium. I've been waiting for it before I spoke to you like this. I've tried to keep you free so I could marry you. I've been mad about you ever since you began growing up." With a swift motion he tried to kiss me. Blind with rage, I struck at his face. Desperately, I struggled against him. "Don't you dare touch me!" I panted. "I hate you. I wouldn't marry you for anything!" He reddened violently. "Not even to save young Harrison from seeing that film?" he said harshly. "From the description I got, it would be plenty to turn him against you if he sees it, and he will see it, unless you promise right now to marry me." My brain whirled as a black tide of hopeless despair engulfed me. It seemed my heart crashed and died inside my throat. What could I do? I closed my eyes in an agony of helpless panic. "You'd better make up your mind," Oliver was purring in my ear. "The film goes on in just a few minutes. If you want me to buy it for you, you'll come with me now. I'll leave a check across the road, then we'll go to a magistrate and be married." As I stared at him, a sudden des- perate hope flamed through my brain. There might be just the barest chance I could outwit him. I lowered my eyes. "Well, all right, I said, very low. I'll get my coat." I was afraid he wouldn't release me. But he did. Evidently, he was surprised at my sudden meekness. He stood in the doorway watching me with glittering eyes while I went upstairs. The instant I reached the second floor, I began running silently along the thickly carpeted corridor until I reached the servants stairs. A mo- ment later I was hurrying through the dark kitchen, letting myself out the back door. As I ran silently over the grass around the end of the house I could see Oliver through the lighted living room windows, impa- tiently pacing the floor. Madly I sped across the road to Jimmie s, skirting the lighted drive until I reached a clump of shrubbery at the entrance. The door stood open. Laughing voices of men drifted out to me as I crouched there in the shadows, trembling. Then they hadn't gone down yet! I could hear them mov- ing about in a room to the right of the hallway, beyond a wide door- way half concealed with draperies. And right outside that room was a wrought-iron stairway, with a flight underneath leading down! Did it lead to the recreation room? And could I make it without being seen? I had to! Heart in my mouth, I slipped noiselessly inside, past the door without being seen, and down the 