Cornflower-blue 31 cited and spill us overboard. The water looks icy to-night. It's get- ting much too late for swimming at this hour, though I wouldn't admit that to Bill." Barbara controlled the motion of her paddle and the canoe slid quietly around a curve of the bank, bring- ing them in full view of the float and diving board out above deep water. And at that first quick glimpse of the float and its lone occupant, Barbara knew the answer to all her questioning. She was in love with Bill. Through some cruel prank of Fate the very sight of him, tall and brown, poised at the end of the board, sent a sick feeling of despair through her body. Adela's eyes were upon Bill, too. And Adela in the twilight was golden-white and lovely and fragile. Her bright lips were parted and her breath came quickly as she waited for Bill to see her. The canoe drifted along the smooth surface and Barbara found herself leaning a little to one side so that her own small brown face looked up at her from the mirror of the water. What chance had a face like that--a face that seemed all wide eyes--against Adela's golden beauty? And even if there had been a chance, even a tiny sliver of a chance, she must not take it, be- cause of the debt she owed Adela. What did it matter that Adela had turned suddenly cheap and rather dreadful, when the debt she owed stretched back through all the years of Adela's kindness? She looked at the diving board in time to see Bill's lean, hard body cut the water in a clean knife-thrust of a dive. Bill did everything well-- just as Adela did. What a pair they would make! When she, Barbara, did anything spectacular, it was only because she lost her head and followed the first call of any impulse that stirred her. That was why she always ended in humiliation and shame. Bill pulled himself up the ladder of the float and waved one long arm at the canoe. "Watch this one, girls! It's new --just perfected." He ran lightly out upon the board, steadied himself for an in- stant, drew a deep breath and shot into the air. Up and up, with all the grace and vigor of his youth. Then over and back down. But the dive was new and he'd misjudged his distance. Barbara clapped a horrified hand to her mouth to stifle the scream that rose as Bill's dark head cracked sharply against the edge of the board just before he disappeared into the water. She did not know that Adela was whimpering wildly in the other end of the canoe. She did not know that she, herself, had risen precariously to her feet. She knew only that her whole body ached with the effort her eyes were making to see down through the center of that widening arc of rip- ples. Then, still only half conscious of her actions, she kicked off her slip- pers and stood up on the seat of the canoe, while the boat rocked wildly beneath her. Then she was in the water, Adela's scream as the canoe went over, ringing in her ears. The first shock was icy, deadening. The surface of the lake closed above her head and she could feel the downward drag of her clothing. Then she was up again, cutting through the water toward that ter- rible place where Bill had dis- appeared. A great breath of air filled her lungs before she plunged downward again, her eyes fighting 