20 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Linda remembered and she was about to swing into it, Denny called sharply: "Not that way. Turn left. I'm taking you over to the Lucky D." She pulled up short. "But I don't want to go there. You said-" "Never mind what I said." He had ridden up beside her. "We're going just the same. At least, you won't be alone over there." "And I won't be alone in your cabin, either," was her prompt re- minder. "You'll be with me." "That's the trouble!" "You mean it wouldn't be proper!" she tossed back. "Well, right now I'm just a little fugitive from a mining gang and not inter- ested in proprieties. Moreover, I draw the line on galloping up to a stranger's door at this hour to de- mand shelter, especially when I can be more comfortable in your cabin where I left my baggage!" And with a quick flip of her reins she swung her pony impudently about and started over the right-hand trail, leaving Denny no choice but to follow. Thanks to moonlight and capable mounts, they made excellent time. But it was almost eleven o'clock when they finally reached the cabin, and Linda all but fell into Denny's arms getting out of the saddle. "Tired, aren't you?" he remarked when they were inside and he had lighted a lamp. "You ought to be, after that hectic ride." "More cold than tired." She tossed her hat onto a chair and crossed to the great open fireplace where Denny had already piled a huge log onto a foundation of lighted kindling. "Funny how chilly the nights are after that bak- ing sun." And presently, raising her enchanting eyes teasingly to his: "Cozy here, isn't it? Now aren't you glad that I drew the line at go- ing to the ranch?" He didn't reply at once, and then his answer wasn't in words. It came in a lightning gesture as he swept her into his arms, captured her lips with a swift and unnerving violence, then released them only long enough to say, "And maybe you won't draw the line at this--and this--and this," punctuating each breath- taking interlude with kisses that were less scorching but infinitely more compelling. Finally he put her from him voluntarily; left her stand- ing there facing him, a hand to her trembling lips. "Oh, I--I hate you!" she burst out after a long silence and because she was so terrifically afraid she might say what was really in her heart. "You--you're a beast!" "I'm not and you know it." His eyes met hers sternly and squarely. "You asked for just what hap- pened." "Asked for it." She scrubbed at her mouth in outraged spoiled-child fashion. "Why, I never!" "You did!" He was back to the flames, towering over her. "With your eyes, your lips, your attitude all day--daring me! Oh, I know your type! The East is full of them. The kind that gets a kick out of leading a fellow on and playing safe at it. You're just a little thrill chaser." "I'm not!" she whipped back. "Then why did you insist on re- turning to my cabin? And why did you want to go to Silver City with me in the first place?" "Because I thought it would be nice to wait there for my uncle," she fibbed neatly. "And as for com- ing back here--well, I just liked the cabin, that's all; but I do draw the line at being--kissed," she ended in sudden confusion. 