20 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine close to him, she thought. The strength of him flowing out robbed her of sane reasoning. "I- I didn't say I didn't believe in it," she stammered a little. "It's just- Well, after all, we've never seen each other before." He lifted her hands one by one and kissed them, his lips lingering warmly on their coolness. And his eyes never once left her face. "I'm not rushing you," he told her. "I'm just warning you that you may as well start thinking of me, because one day soon you'll have to make up your mind." Nowhere a sound, save the low murmur of his voice and the steady ticking of a clock. And then, break- ing. the moment wide in ,two, came Rod's voice. And this time he called "Melina! He stood in the door of the bed- room. "I wonder if you'd come in and help Jada?" he asked politely. "She doesn't feel so well." Melina, even while, she moved to go into the room, wondered. There was something distinctly peculiar about this. Erin raised his brows inquiringly. "Something more?" he muttered under his breath. Melina passed Rod and saw Jada lying across the bed, her face buried in her arms. She went over and asked: "What's the matter? What can I do?" Jada rolled, over and sighed. "Some water I think!" Melina glanced at Rod, who had closed the bedroom door behind her. Then she went into the bathroom and got a glass. The sound of the water running must have deadened the sound of Rod's steps, for with- out even the faintest warning, Melina looked up and saw him in the bathroom door. "Listen, Melina, we've got to talk," he said urgently, something of his old fascination gleaming in his eyes. He had looked like this on the Empress, Melina thought re- motely- eager and in love. "There's nothing more, to say," she said thinly. "That's all over and done with." He came further in and half shut the door. "It can't be over not the way I feel about you." She stood backed against the glass-inclosed shower. "What's got- ten into you?" "I love you! That's what it is!" He took a long step that brought him to her side. "I'm mad about you. It doesn't matter if you aren t rich. Nothing matters except our love." "Our love?" She evaded his hands and stepped back of the wash bowl. "Tell, me when to laugh," she added bitterly. He was so handsome- handsome and weak and shallow. Melina saw him clearly in an ugly light. And what she saw she didn't like. "Come with me now," he begged. "Let's go to my place where we can be alone. I've so much to say." Slowly she shook her head. "If every word you uttered was worth ten dollars, you couldn't give me two cents." He flushed darkly and bit his lips. "I can make you change your mind," he warned sulkily. "We're all alone in here, you know." Then Melina knew what the trick had been. Jada was probably pay- ing Rod well to keep her out of the way while she worked on Erin! Even as she thought it, a scream rang out from the other room. Melina started but Rod barred her way. "It's only Jada doing her stuff." 