16 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine help," he chuckled into a tense si- lence. The music that drifted so en- chantingly into the room didn't help much. It served only to send Jada nearer Erin and left Rod uneasily trying to carry on a one-sided con- versation with Melina. Melina sipped her drink and gazed absent-mindedly into the dying fire. She was analyzing her feelings, sorting them out carefully and laying them at her feet. Rod, after that first amazing mo- ment when he had walked into the room, had done nothing to her heart except perhaps harden it a little. His obvious relief when she had ac- cepted Erin O'Moore's introduction filled her with contempt. And again, his too obvious eagerness to be with Jada van Dykerman was overpoweringly offensive. At this moment he was glancing uneasily at Jada, sitting on a stool at Erin's. feet, resting her lovely white arms on his knees while she tallied softly to him. Melina could see the impotence of his anger surg- ing within him. "What's the matter"- she glanced up at Rod carelessly- "is your big fish nibbling at another bait?" He flushed angrily and turned his back on her. "I say, Jada"- going to bend over the red-haired girl- "don't you think we could barge along? I imagine the fog has lifted a bit by now." Erin got to his feet and glanced humorously across-at Melina. "I hope the fog is thinning out," he said innocently. But when he went to draw aside the red drape, the fog was even worse. It clung thickly to the glass outside. Erin whistled. "Looks worse," he muttered just as the radio, inter- rupting its dance program, issued a news bulletin. "The police department is send- ing out a warning"- the voice of the announcer came with startling sud- denness- "that all those who are in- doors, remain there until the fog lifts somewhat. Right now, it is ex- ceedingly dangerous in the streets. Already, there have been more than a score of fatal accidents." "Oh!" Jada sighed ecstatically. "How delicious!" "It is the worst fog ever to hit New York," went on the radio. "It is due to lift sometime in the early- morning hours. Until then-" "What rotten luck!" Rod mut- tered under his breath and kicked a footstool out of his way. Erin raised his crooked dark brows. "I should be the one to say that, me lad." Melina was on her feet, staring in bewilderment at her host. "Then that means I can't leave yet?" she asked slowly. Erin O'Moore shook his head, his eyes kindling suddenly. "It will give me the greatest pleasure to be your host for a few hours longer." Jada tossed her head and slid her hand through his arm, taking his speech as a direct compliment to herself. "You're absolutely precious, Erin darling. It's no wonder I love you so terribly," she purred. But Erin slid just as easily away from her and crossed to a door opening into another room. "You love too easily, Jada me girl. 'Tis not the way of the Irish." "Any one would think you'd been born over there," she pouted, "in- stead of in New York itself." He disappeared into the other room and lights flashed on. A mo- ment later he was back. "There now, girls"- looking LS 1F 