Going Primitive 27 vacation, was always one of these extra waitresses. The work in the morning was con- tinuous, beginning with the early risers who were going out onto the lake to the fish shanties. Late breakfasts overlapped early lunch- eons, so that not till the middle of the afternoon did the girls get time off. The servants entered the inn through a door in the lattice- work under the vast high veranda, and passed on through another door into the basement. At three o'clock Dell stood just inside the lattice door putting on her gloves and buttoning her coat against the bitter cold outside, when she heard voices from the pathway. She could see Martin with two of his friends, and she did not go out at once, because she was afraid that she would not be able to greet him without embarrassment. She realized instinctively, that from out- side in the bright sunshine, he would not be able to penetrate the murk behind the lattice-work, though she could see him perfectly. She did not mean to listen, but she could hardly help herself. "I was out last night with that swell-looking blond who waits on my table," she heard Martin say. "And what a girl!" Stunned, she stood there, strain- ing to hear every word. "I suppose you tried the old line on her, the one my wife says you tried on her. 'I'm not going to kiss you because I care too much about what you think of me.'" Martin grinned good-humoredly. "Well," he replied, "you've got to admit that it's different from most lines, and that it usually works, even if it didn't on your darling." "Oh, I'll admit it works," the other man said grudgingly. "You could make most any of em believe you were telling the truth. Well, are you going to marry the girl?" "Don't be silly, Mac. When I marry anybody, it won't be a girl I can kiss the first time I go out with her." "You're like all the great lovers," the other man grew sarcastic. "You've had it so easy, you're scared of your competitors. You ve only-" They drifted on out of earshot, leaving Dell standing rigid, her face white, her eyes cold and staring. Dell did not cry. She was so angry at first, that she could not think clearly. When the anger died down a little, and she was able for a minute to stop hating Martin, her ideas gradually changed. He was still just as good a prize as he had been before. Common sense told her that. She had had her chance to win him, and she had flubbed it. He had been testing her out, and she had kissed him against her better judgment, because she had supposed it was what she must do to please him. Now the point to be decided by cold analytical reasoning, was whether or not she still wanted him. She decided that she did. And now she had the upper hand, be- cause she knew how she stood with him, and he didn't know that she knew. In the three remaining days of his stay at the inn, she might be able to do a great deal if she tried hard enough. If she didn't win him, she would at least have had a good time. The next morning Dell met Tommy. He had lines, pails, wood, cooking utensils and food loaded on a sled. "I'm going to take my shanty out over the reef and fish for a couple of days," he told her. "Better skate 