28 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine wisecracks on the spur of any mo- ment. She just stood looking up at Bill with eyes that felt suddenly enormous because of the tears that were beginning to fill them. Much as she wanted to, she couldn't look anywhere else. She stared at Bill until his laughter spilled over and crushed her to the last humiliating depths. "Your face looks so odd, Babs, dear," Adela said. "I think Maude must have stepped on it. Haven't you a hanky?" Bill's laughter broke at that, deep, enormous, shattering, so that the very pines shook with the echo. Barbara kept widening her eyes, be- cause if she squeezed them shut ever so slightly, the furious, scalding tears would spill over. And then Bill's laughter stopped as suddenly as it had begun and he took an immense, snow-white, neatly folded handkerchief from the pocket of his shirt and handed it to her. "Here," he said gently, "take mine." She had taken it from him, very dignified, very stiff; said a polite "Thank you," and turned about on the trail. "Hi!" called Adela, "You forgot your horse!" But she was running by then-- wildly, blindly. Through the woods; stumbling, catching herself against the trunk of a tree, then running on again. She hadn't stopped until she'd slammed the door of her room shut behind her and thrown herself on the bed to fill Bill's handkerchief completely with muddy tears. Now, hours later, here on the edge of the woods, she could be calm about the whole affair, but no less depressed. From the first she had been an impulsive little fool. Adela had so obviously wanted to go riding alone with Bill. But Bill had been polite enough to ask them both and she had accepted in the face of Adela's disapproval. Adela had every right to dis- approve. Had she not made this vacation possible by paying all Barbara's expenses, just for the sake of Barbara's company? It was wrong to suspect sometimes that Adela enjoyed having her along be- cause she was like a quiet, brown little wren, and set off Adela's blond beauty to perfection. Thoughts like that weren't loyal. Adela could be so very sweet and generous, and most of the time she was. Had she not befriended Barbara back in school when she was just a nobody and Adela the most popular girl in their group? It was just when some one crossed Adela's will that the knife edge showed. There was a light crackling of steps on the path behind and Bar- bara turned about. It was Adela, her golden head rising from crisp, white folds of organdy and a scent of jasmine following her. "Feel better after your Prince-of- Wales?" she asked gayly. "Bill and I nearly died laughing. I think even Sorcerer smiled." "Just so Maude didn't join in the merriment," Barbara said grimly. Then Adela's expression changed. "Come along," she said more kindly. "We'd better get started. A canoe ride after dark isn't much fun when there isn't a moon." Barbara stood up listlessly. "Are we going for a canoe ride?" "Just you and I. I was invited for a swim, but I told Bill I'd better stay with you this evening. After all, you've had a bad day." Adela went ahead down the path toward the lake and Barbara found 