24 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Tommy whistled softly. "Not the Martin French, of the rotogravure sections, and the wads of dough?" "Oh, don't be nasty. Martin French is nice." "I wasn't being nasty. Where did you meet the gentleman?" "He sits at one of my tables. "I suppose I'll be wasting my breath if I tell you his reputation is slightly n. g. you'll consider that I'm butting in, or that I'm just plain jealous." "Don't be silly. Nobody pays any attention to a man's reputation now- adays. Tommy's voice lost its bantering note. Delphine suddenly knew that he was in dead earnest. "And it won't do me any good to ask you not to go with him?" "No, it won't. Who gave you the right to pick my friends, anyway?" "Well" -quizzically- "I love you, Dell. And I've asked you to marry me. doesn't that even give me the right to ask a favor?" "And I've refused to marry you, and I've told you I didn't love you. You're no more to me than than the postman." Her anger went as suddenly as it had come. "Oh, Tommy, I didn't mean that. Not just that way. You and I have always been friends, and I hope we always will be friends. But-" "But my ideas are old-fashioned, and the place I live in is a small town, and I'm still a college boy no money, just prospects." "Please don't make it sound worse than it is, Tommy." The doorbell rang again. Tommy picked up his hat with a wry smile. "Maybe if I go out now," he said, "they'll be taking a picture of him for the papers, and I'll get in it." Having the two men meet in the hall, and having to introduce them, made Dell ill-at-ease. But Tommy did not linger, and in a few minutes Dell and Martin French were driv- ing off in the big imported roadster. She put Tommy resolutely out of her mind. This man was everything Tommy was not. This man could give his wife anything she wanted, no matter how expensive it might be. Dell knew she had to make the most of this night with him if she wanted him. And she did want him. When modern girls wanted a man, they did not sit back and wait for him to choose them. They followed out some definite plan to gain his favor. And in that one respect, they were apt to be as successful as the Royal Northwest Mounted. Martin French's age was inde- terminate due to the meticulous care he took of his face and skin, the massages, exercises, and the other youth-saving devices which only the very rich have time for and can afford. They had gone only a short dis- tance before Martin turned off the main highway, and entered the yard of a small country school. The high snowbanks on each side of the high- way effectively hid the yard from any passer-by, yet the yard itself was packed firm by many small feet, so that there was not the slightest danger of the car getting stuck. This move on Martin's part, took Dell by surprise. Yet he reassured her by sinking back in his seat, offering her a cigarette, and lighting one for himself. "Hope you don't mind," he said in that lazy, exciting voice of his. "Driving between high piles of snow isn't much fun. I don't like to drive anyway. Not when there's some- body like you to talk to. You know, I've got a lot to find out about you. I don't know a thing except what my eyes and my heart tell me." 