116 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Because she knew, knew as well as she knew her own name, that Holland would not find any treas- ure. For a while Billie watched the diving operations from a bench up among the trees. One of Holland's own men had been left behind to keep an eye on her. But she did not show any inclination to move, and gradually he wandered farther and farther away, caught by the ex- citement of looking for the gold. Billie watched him, carefully waiting her chance. After a while Holland called from the boat, and the man on shore went in search of a large block of wood. Billie quietly slipped away from the bench, strolled along until she was sure she was out of sight, and then ran for the house. When Holland did not find any treasure, he would be after her, she knew. And his signed confession meant too much to her to lose it. Of course she could hide the paper, but she had no illusions about the good that would do her if she her- self was still within Holland's reach. He would make her give it back, torture her until she told him where it was hidden. She dared not start for shore, because the boats were all in plain sight of the anchored div- ing boat. She'd have to hide. But that was easier said than done. She had thought about it a long time before she had decided on a place. Even then, it was a toss-up whether or not she would be found. She knew that first of all they would search the house, so that she did not plan to stay there. Yet she went there first, let herself in, and ran down into the cellar. She hid the precious paper in one of the furnace pipes, and then went out the back door. She looked around care- fully to be sure that no one was watching, and then started toward the water tower. There was a metal ladder at one corner of the frame- work which held the huge tank, and she climbed this cautiously. The tank loomed high above her. Its water was supplied from the lake by a windmill, and it was, of course, maintained to furnish pressure for the house. Before she was high enough in the air to see the diving ship at the end of the island, she had reached the protection of the tank itself, and was crawling up its side. When she reached the top she lay there for several minutes. Then she took off the trap-door cover and looked inside. The tank was full, just as she had expected, and she nodded grimly to herself. She lay there and waited, taking care that only one eye and part of her cheek should be visible from the path be- low. She waited hours. At last she caught a glimpse of something mov- ing along the path. The figure of a man running; two more men. She slid carefully through the trap-door into the cold water of the tank. It was dark--pitch-dark. She swam over to the far side and grabbed the ends of the bolts which held the ladder in place. The cold of the water was worse than it would have been if she had been swim- ming, because she was not moving around. She could hear the men shouting to each other near the house, look- ing for her. She heard doors slam, and knew that the house was being turned inside out. At last they gave that up and began to search the island. They went about the task systematically, and she was glad she had not chosen 