Forgotten Bride 47 her, in hidden places, and she wiped with shaking fingers at her cold lips. All right to say she hated Jack. All right to try and think so, but, if anything should happen to him! A boy, shuffling up, touched Phil's arm. A haggard, young-old boy, with a gray face and shaking hands. Startled, Dawn raised her eyes and saw him. Heard his low, pleading whine, and Phil's guarded: "Not here, you fool! Can't you see I'm not alone." With a shock of sick understanding, Dawn clutched at his sleeve: "Phil! That's Dopey Shaw! I know him. He's in my history class. He's a drug fiend! Oh, Phil, Phil! That's what Jack meant! That's the scandal you're mixed up in! Drug peddling on the campus! How awful!" Phil's glass crashed to the floor. "Don't you know any better than to blurt out a thing like that where folks can hear? Mind your own business, and I'll take care of mine." Then, in a sullen whisper: "You came to see Hilda Brian, didn't you? Well, forget me a minute and look. She's over there by the door now. Poke Brian's wife." CHAPTER II. In quick answer to Phil's gaze, Dawn swung to see the door beside which they sat, open, and through it came a tall woman, with fair, pale hair and huge gray eyes. And lips, that seemed to Dawn, in a sudden passion of envy, the most beautiful lips in all the world. And seeing them, Dawn forgot about Phil. Forgot about "Dopey" Shaw and his pitiful, twisting face. Forgot about everything, but that those lips were Hilda Brian's lips, and that Jack had kissed them! "As though he would ever want to kiss me again!" she thought miser- ably. "As though any man would ever want to kiss any one else, after kissing her!" In a stupor of unwilling awe, Dawn watched as Hilda Brian walked gracefully toward them. Watched as she reached their table and hesitated. Shivered to her nearness; to the fragrance of her body. She thought wildly: "She's going to stop! She's going to speak to me! If she does I can't stand it! I'll scream." But she didn't. She passed, and, reaching Poke's side, her low- pitched, vibrant tones carried back to Dawn's ears: "You won't need me to-night, will you, dear? I've a headache, and I'd like to lie down." And something else, too. Something that Dawn couldn't catch, it was whispered so close to Poke's bent ear. But, that it was about her, Dawn knew, for she saw Poke's eyes shift to where she sat, saw him smile and nod, and then Hilda was passing her table again, and looking directly at her, a straight, unswerving gaze, that in spite of everything Dawn could do, drew and held her own. Dawn felt her flesh tingling. Felt her heart a choke in her throat. Beautiful eyes--eyes like a cool, gray sea, enveloped her. Beautiful lips--gentle, softly-curving lips, smiled at her. Such a wistful, ghost of a smile. A smile that pulled at Dawn's very soul. A little wildly, Dawn thought: "It's as though she were asking me to like her!" And she clung to the hate in her heart with frantic hands. But, it was so hard to hate a woman with a smile like that! So terribly hard! Dawn felt a strange, sick sense of release when she disappeared through the door once more, and 