112 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine understood it, but somehow it brought no blush to her pale skin. She had the feeling that it was all too unreal, that the whole thing was some strange play that she had been called upon to act in. She had an odd feeling of detach- ment. "I've told you what I want, mayor," the words, coming in Lin- den's cool voice were clipped off and curt. "I don't generally ask twice for anything." The too plump man peered at the taller, slimmer one with eyes that were oddly and humorously childish! "By heaven, Linden, you want a man to jeopardize his whole position in town! I've put effort into getting where I am and now to risk the whole thing over some little secre- tary that gets into a jam with the boy friend-" Linden straightened. "Is this a refusal?" he asked curtly. "I haven't all morning to spend, even on this." "Well, now-" "Yes or no?" "Oh, well, you'n me've been pretty good friends! Sure, we'll turn her loose!" And suddenly he was genial, as if granting a favor that was of his own doing. "I'll call Dreher and tell him to forget the case!" Their feet sounded on the con- crete floor. "That means I'll take her right out with me now- right away?" Linden asked. "Sure! Sure!" the mayor replied, eagerly willing to go all the way with the favor once he had started. They disappeared. Sophia knew that even though Linden had not looked at her once, not met her eyes for even an instant, the two men had been talking about her. She wondered how Linden had learned about her being there. Per- haps Rhoda had gotten in touch with him. At least it had been tact- ful of him not to look at her while she sat miserably in that cell. She couldn't have endured that. Shortly she heard steps in the corridor and knew that the matron was coming toward her door. The older woman stopped. "You sure are a lucky girl," she said and in a voice quite different from the one she had previously used, "Shaving influential friends to get you out of a jam. I thought something like this might happen when I saw your address." She was unlocking the door and Sophia, her nerves taut, stepped dizzily out into the corridor. Vaguely she heard one of the girls back of her say: "Some folks have all the luck." And then she was following the matron blindly. "Sophia!" It was Linden. And Sophia, her hands in his, was trying to laugh, since she knew she must do that or cry. "Thanks, I'll remember this," Sophia heard him saying to the chubby man who stood beside him and was eying her keenly. And then she was glad that he hustled her out of the place and down to his big, roomy roadster. She needed the uplift of the luxury of that, after what she had just gone through. "How did you know?" They were her first words and it was only with a conscious effort of will that she kept them steady. "Hick, doing an early round, saw your name and inquired. I nearly passed out when he told me- seemed impossible." Sophia said nothing for the mo- LS-7E 