50 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the producer. "Well, my dear Ren- dell, wasn't I right when I guaran- teed that Ja- that Miss Darling was a born actress?" The other man nodded. Withdrawing her hand, Janice gave Sefton Arlen a swift, startled look. "What do you mean? You-" she began. "I happened to be in Arnold Whitehouse's office yesterday, and I caught sight of you and sent a letter of introduction to our friend, Paige Rendell." So it had been through Sefton Arlen, after all, that she had ob- tained an engagement! The knowledge brought with it deep disappointment, which Janicie found it difficult to hide. If he guessed what was in her mind, Sefton Arlen gave no sign. Ever since he knew that she had left her husband, he had searched for her, and had almost despaired of finding her. But now he felt that his luck had turned. "Let's go and have some lunch," he said. "There are a good many things I want to talk to you about." Janice hesitated, but it seemed that it would be too ungracious to refuse, and so less than a quarter of an hour later she found herself sitting opposite him in a well-known restaurant near the theater. Looking across at her, Sefton Ar- len felt his pulses quicken. It seemed to him that Janice had changed in some indescribable way. The vividness of her beauty had somehow deepened. There were dark-violet shadows beneath her eyes, and a hint of tragedy about her face in repose. She, had been worrying, he thought, and a sharp stab of jeal- ousy shot through him. He was amazed to find that he was capable of jealousy, and he could not understand the strange in- fluence which this girl seemed to have established over his life. Love, to him, had never been more than a pastime. He was used to easy conquests, and enjoyed flit- ting like a bee from flower to flower; but he had known vaguely from his first meeting with Janice that the attraction she held for him was something different. "Now, tell me," he demanded, "where have you been hiding your- self, and why? You knew that I could help you. Why were you so independent?" She flushed. "I didn't want to bother you," she said. "We'll let it go at that," I think -in case I hear something less flat- tering. But what sort of engage- ment did you contemplate obtain- ing? The only sort of work White- house could have gotten for you was a place in the chorus, where the fact that you are so very ornamental would have offset your lack of ex- perience. Thank Heaven that I've found you, and that you were wise enough to leave home when you did!" She made no reply, and he was content to steer the conversation away from her private affairs. He could be a very charming and amusing companion, and for the first time in many days Janice found herself laughing and forgetting a lit- tle of her heartache. This meeting with Sefton Arlen made her realize more than ever how intensely lonely she had been, and she could not help, being a little glad that her loneliness was at an end. After all, it was good to feel that some one took an interest in what happened to her. "Have you made up your mind 