112 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine A seed pod from a locust tree dropped with a dry rattle to the ground at Bobbie's feet. The lights from the sprawling camp below made a crazy-quilt pattern against the night. Her heart, pounding high in her throat, choked her. Wearily, Red leaned over, his tall body bending awkwardly from the hips. Wearily, he gathered up the length of trailing fuse and tore it loose from its cap. "For a girl who's been raised in a construction camp," he said, "that's a pretty bum job, Bobbie. Thought I'd taught you how to handle pow- der better than that. And besides" -his eyes swept the bank, and turned with careful judging to the black-shadowed valley with its glimmering lights- "you're not far enough up the slope to do much good. It's a shame, but I guess there isn't anything for you to do but to take your stuff; and trot back home." And Bobbie answered him, too tired to fight,too hopeless to try an explanation: "Yes, I guess there isn't, Red," and stumbling a little, her feet found the river path. She slept that night, in her father's room. Through the crude partition, she could hear Honey's sobs. "She can't be any more miserable than I am," Bobbie thought dully, and turned her face to the wall, grateful for the utter and over- whelming weariness, that, like a sedative, brought her blessed for- getting. The light was streaking through her window when she awakened at last to a strangely familiar voice- Sandy McMaster's. Its high- pitched, thin tones cut through the walls to her ears: "All right, Pitt Carson, if Bob Brent ain't here, he ain't. But where's that tomboy kid of his? Get her out here where I can talk to her. "Red's gone, I tell you! He's been kidnaped- maybe murdered! If she knows anything about it, I'm going to find out. Anything that's ever happened to Red to hurt him, came through her! "She was hanging round our camp last night. I saw Red and her talking together up on the bluff, and when he come back down some- thing ailed him. He got in his car and drove off toward town, and never came home. The car's stand- ing empty up at the top of the hill. There's blood marks in it, and a piece of his shirt, all torn and bloody caught on the fender. "Don't think I haven't heard what you've been saying over here- spreading stories that we're double- crossing you, Red and me. Lies! Dirty lies! If it hadn't been for Red holding me back, I'd been over here long ago and cleaned up on the pack of you! But if you've done anvthing to Red! If you ve dared to-" Bobbie's feet struck the floor with, a bang. She thrust her arms into an old bath robe of her father's. It trailed the floor, sweeping fantasti- cally about her. It had been four years and more since she had heard Sandy McMas- ter's voice, but listening, the room seemed to fade away, the years for- gotten, and she was standing, a child-wife with her boy-husband beside her, shivering before this same thin pipe of anger. Uncon- sciously, she looked down at her hand, expecting Red's fingers to be clasping it protectingly. And suddenly, all her hatred and suspicion were gone. All the shame that these awful last days had LS 7F 