98 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine posals. She was bright and clever and witty. She had personality and charm. But Stephen refused to warm to- ward her. "He doesn't want to like me," she said to herself. "I'm beat- ing against a stone wall." Philip brought out his mandolin and offered to play if Thelma would sing. In a pleasing contralto she sang a number of popular songs. Stephen forgot himself for a mo- ment and joined in one. "I don't want to spoil this lovely party," Mrs. Huston interrupted, "but I feel a bit tired. You may stay, Thelma, but I'm going back to our cabin." "Oh, not alone," Thelma seized her opportunity quickly. "Stephen and I will go with you." He realized that she had tricked him. In silence they walked to the Huston cabin. The air was clear and a full moon shone down upon them. "Thank you, Mr. Ross," Mrs. Huston said. "I hope you'll visit us sometime. You two can go back now. I can manage alone nicely." As Stephen turned to go back, Thelma turned with him. A short distance from her cabin, she took hold of his arm with a jerk and stopped him. "What's the matter with me?" she demanded. "Do I use the wrong perfume?" A smile hovered on his lips. "No." What sort of girl was this?--he won- dered. "Then why are you trying to run away? Can't you stand me near you? I've done everything but a fan dance to interest you." He glared at her and shrugged his shoulders. "You do and say the darnedest things." "But you force me to," she re- plied. "I'd much prefer to have you make the advances." "What!" he exclaimed. "Oh, don't be so shocked. I'm not trying to be smart. I'm not picking on you for a little fun. I love you. Do you understand? I know all about the other girl. Why don't you let me help you forget her?" She put gentle hands on his shoulders. "Stephen, look at me, please. Can't you see that I'm tell- ing the truth?" Blue eyes looked deep into eyes of gray and floundered in their depths. All evening he had fought against liking this girl. Why should he believe that she was different? All girls were mercenary. Didn't they speak of men as "catches"? He was all right for Natalie until she met a richer man. Why should he put himself in that terrible, humiliating position again? He didn't need a vacation. He came West because he couldn't face his friends. It would be foolish to get mixed up with another girl even if she was sweet and adorable. But her hands on his shoulders did strange things to him. The near- ness of her was like an intoxicating perfume. Her shining eyes and her soft, provocative lips drew him with a magnetism that overpowered his reserve. His arms went around her in an eager embrace. His lips sought hers and drank deep of their tenderness, their sweetness and their fire. He was stirred beyond words. For Thelma it was the moment of moments. The most perfect kiss she had ever received. "Good night," she said softly when he released her. "Good night." Her eyes glowed and her lips trembled. In a spirit of ecstasy she fled to her cabin. She wanted to treasure 