Cause For Divorce 93 need will be at the lodge. You're about Helen's size." And he had added, his lips twisting wryly, "You'll have to fix it up with your family, some way. I'm having no irate brother-in-law bearing down on me with a gun." "You needn't worry," Kathy had replied and tried to sneer, but the sneer had quickly turned into a sob. She ate no lunch. She thought that food would choke her. But coming in to her office, Wade said gruffly, "Go get yourself some coffee. You look half dead." She got some coffee, and called Shiela. Lily, the maid who came three hours a day to clean, an- swered the phone. Mis't Christie, she's out, yassum. . . . No'm, I dunno whar she is. . . . I'll tell her to call Mistah Duncannon's office, yassum, and I'll tell her you ai' t comin home till Monday, sure I will." "She'll get it all twisted," Kathy thought. And then desperately: "What difference does it make any- way? What difference will any- thing make after Monday?" At three o'clock, she put on her hat, and closed her desk. "The last time I'll be working here," she told herself. And thinking of the pub- licity that would follow Wade s divorce, added: "Or anywhere else, probably." Taking the elevator down to the street, she found Wade waiting there with his car. His foot on the gas, Wade stared down at her. "Easier to dance than pay the piper, isn't it, Kathy?" "I'm not complaining, am I?" Kathy asked, and bit at her lips to still their trembling. For a long time they rode in silence. Kathy thought of things. Of silly, inconsequential things. Of the people they passed. Whether they were happy or miserable, as she was. Of the buildings looming about them, and the secrets they held. She thought of Wade's place in the Catskills, of things she had heard about it. How he had built it for a honeymoon cottage and never used it. How he kept it stocked with food and wouldn't have a tele- phone, and ran away to it when he was tired or overworked or wanted to be alone. One of the girls from the office had gone up there once with some papers for his signing, and had told about it, her eyes wide with awe. "It's glorious! Flowers and moun- tains and a lake all his own, and electric lights and swell furniture! And you ought to see the boss in a bathing suit! And laughing like a kid!" Wade in a bathing suit! Wade, happy and swimming and young! The Wade who had kissed her and awakened her heart to love! Shiv- ering again in memory of that mo- ment's wild ecstasy, Kathy looked up to find Wade staring down at her, and her cheeks crimsoned in angry self-consciousness. They left the city behind them. Left the main highway behind them. Left civilization behind them, to turn into a dirt road that swirled through blue-black canyons, dark with early twilight. There were no houses, no build- ings of any kind. It seemed to Kathy she never had seen anything so silent, so utterly still. At her side, Wade Duncannon was still, too, his dark eyes on the road ahead, his face in profile toward her, clean- cut, strong, and as still, too, as the rocks that loomed on either side. Suddenly, to Kathy, all her troubles- those that were with her, and those that were before her- be- came dwarfted and utterly insigni- ficant beside these everlasting hills 