8 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine The mandarin wasn't very big. He reached only to Derek's shoul- der. But it was rather difficult to get the figure up the narrow, steep stairs. Derek backed up the stairs, carrying the figure, while Fran held the flashlight. Fran wasn't paying any attention to where she was go- ing, and the first thing she knew, there was a disheartening sound of a rip, and she knew her right stock- ing had caught on a projecting nail. With difficulty, she bit back the an- gry ejaculation which welled to her lips. Once upstairs in the store again, they cleaned off the mandarin and found that the figure was in perfect condition. Derek's delight was boundless. "Thirteen is my lucky number!" he exulted. "And this makes the thirteenth figure for my collection. I can't help but succeed, with this." He had evidently forgotten all about the kiss. But Fran hadn't. Her lips kept tingling treacherously. "You'd better go wash your hands in the back of the shop," Fran said in a matter-of-fact tone. It was when Derek came back, debonair as ever, that he saw the rip in Fran's stocking. Fran assured him that it didn't matter at all. But Derek was abject. "If you hadn't gone down to get the mandarin for me, this never would have hap- pened! I've got to make it up to you, somehow." His eyes stared at the cobweb-sheer stockings destined for Marie Antoinette. "The very thing!" he cried. "Marie can get along with her cot- ton hose. Who cares? But these were intended for you!" He crammed the stockings into Fran's protesting hands. Bill came into the store just then! Fran took one look at his gloomy face, and her cheeks flamed red. She put the stockings behind her with a betraying gesture. Bill went on glaring. Fran explained that Derek was a customer. She explained too vehemently, in her agitation. Bill s mouth dragged down farther at the corners, the way it always did when Bill got jealous. Fran looked appealingly at Derek van Erp. Derek drew on his gloves. He went to the door and hailed a taxi, motioning for the fellow to come in. "Thank you more than I can say, for the mandarin, Miss Fran," he said gently. Then, with his cane he gestured toward the small, belliger- ent figure of the Chinese. "Put that in the cab, if you please." "Gee!" muttered the taximan, but he gingerly approached the man- darin just the same. "I shall let you know if the man- darin brings me luck," said Derek, going out the door. "I shall give myself the pleasure of giving you a punch in the nose!" growled Bill when he was quite sure the taxi was gone. Then he jerked Fran's hands forward and looked at the stockings. Before Fran guessed what he was about, he struck her across the face with the flat of his hand. "That'll teach you not to be a little flirt and take presents from men like him!" Fran put her hand to her face. She stared at Bill, who had suddenly become a stranger. A terrifying stranger. "You- you didn't wait for me to explain, did you?" she said very slowly. "What explanation is there? When a fellow like him gives stock- ings to a girl like you, there s just one answer!" Fran's eyes were misted with an- gry tears. "And just what kind of girl am I, Bill?" she demanded. 