98 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Seeing the worry in her eyes, Wade whispered weakly: "Don't -take it- so hard, dear. It's the ice, isn't it? It- can't last. When -it's gone, you can't do anything more. No one- can. I- I- wish you'd clear out. I- I- did- what I said I would do, Kathy. I- told Helen's attorney. They'll be- here. They'll be here- to-morrow. You -you mustn't let them find you. You- you- wouldn't wish that on me, Kathy to die- with that- on my soul! Even if- you- do- hate me- you wouldn't- want- that!" And then Kathy had him against her heart and was cradling him there, sobbing to him with an agony of words that poured themselves out as though there were no end: "I love you! I love you! I don't hate you! I love you! You can't die! You can't! See, my arms about you- they'll hold you fast! I don't care if all the world finds me here! I want them to! I didn't take that money. I didn't! When you're well I'll tell you everything -everything! I want to tell you. But now, nothing matters, darling, but that you live! That you live for me!" And then the ice was gone, and there was nothing left nothing but her love and her straining arms. Day was dawning when the fever broke at last. Where his face had been, an instant before, parched and burning dry, suddenly, beneath Kathy's desperate touch, it was wet and cool, and his eyes had closed in an exhausted, painless sleep. Pulling the covers over him in great thankfulness, Kathy stumbled to the door. Too tired to cry; too tired to even think, she was stand- ing there, staring numbly at a shin- ing dew-washed world, when Bob and Shiela rattled up the graveled drive. For a second she looked at them, speechless, almost not recognizing them. The world and all it held had been so far away. Then, with a strangled sob, she ran to meet the white-faced, frantic-eyed Shiela, who was running to meet her with outstretched arms. "He'll live, Shiela! Wade is going to live!" she sobbed. "He's been sick all night long oh, so terribly sick, but he'll live! Oh, I didn't know I wanted a woman so! I didn't know I wanted, so awfully, to cry!" Hours afterwards- centuries- seconds- now that Wade was out of danger at last, Kathy kept no time they were gathered together about his bed. He had wakened from a long, deep sleep to their voices, whispering in the kitchen, and had called Kathy's name, and she ran to him to kneel down and kiss his fright-filled eyes: "Darling! It's not Helen. It's Bob and Shiela. They've been here for hours. They've got something to tell you that can't wait! I can't let it wait; not one minute. Not one second! Shiela! Bob!" It wasn't a long story as they told it, Bob and Shiela together, beside Wade's bed. A gaunt, dusty, very sober Bob, holding a wilted, tear-streaked Shiela by the hand. Shiela's words had come slowly at first, for she had been frightened -terribly frightened. But, con- scious of her husband beside her, of his fingers comforting her and giving her strength, she had spoken her confession from brave lips, her tiny blond head tip-tilted, her blue eyes round and true. As Kathy had known she would, Lily, the little maid had twisted her message. "Miss Kathy done spendin' th' week-end with Mistah Duncannon. Yassum. That's what 