First Payment On Paradise 85 was that she was altogether lovely in her yellow sports dress, that en- hanced the lights in her hair and eyes; red-brown hair, and hazel eyes, now dark with excitement. She found Jerry on the observa- tion platform. As she took hold of his arm, the train started to move. "Jerry!" she cried. "You must come with me. Hurry!" "Serena!" His cry held longing and heart- break. "I'll explain later, Jerry. The train is moving. We must get off." She pulled at his arm. He picked her up in his strong arms and sprang lightly from the moving train. Putting her on her feet, he faced her, a stern look in his blue eyes. "Now tell me why you are here. What is wrong?" Serena hesitated for a moment, at a loss how to begin. "Nothing is wrong," she finally said bravely. "I just came to tell you that I love you." Jerry stared at her in amazement. "You love me? But, darling I mean, Serena, I saw you in another man's arms. Please don't torture me. Tell me what this is all about." "I'm not torturing you, and I didn't want to be in his arms. If only you'd waited, you'd have heard me tell him that I love my husband. Oh, Jerry, won't you please come back to finish making the pay- ments on paradise?" "My dearest one! Paradise is wherever you are." Jerry's arms were about her. He was whispering all the endearing things she had so longed to hear. She lifted her lips for his kisses, un- mindful of the group of people on the station platform. "I want a husband for always and always," she said when she could get her breath. "Let's go back home now." "You mean, let's go back to para- dise," he corrected her softly, and stooped to kiss her once more before he helped her into the car. As they drove along in the dark- ness, Serena nestled against her hus- band s shoulders with a blissful sigh. Somewhere in the distance a train whistled lonesomely. She shuddered, thinking how nearly she had come to losing this man, who was her very life, and with whom she knew she was to find happiness forever and ever. 