150 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine riding. My husband seems to think these things are rather foolish, though I don't see why. I knew before we were married that he cared very little for the things I like, but hardly thought about it. Then there is another problem which I have tried to combat. If we are out riding with another couple, and, are having a good time, it generally ends up with my hus- band's getting drunk, and spoiling what lit- tle fun I manage to have. I have tried drinking with him, thinking maybe he wouldn't drink so much, but it only made matters worse. He makes a good salary, and we have a car. We could afford to have a good time together and be fine companions if he would only be more agreeable. I love him dearly, and he is as good to me as any husband can be in other ways than those I men- tioned. Mrs. Brown, is there any way I could get him to take me out more and enjoy, the things I do? I have tried everything I know, even to talking it over with him, but it doesn't seem to do any good. I know he loves me, but I don't understand why he can't quit drinking and be a real companion. I will appreciate any suggestion you make. Unhappy Wife. Being married to a man who does not care for any of the simple pleasures his wife enjoys would be hard on any woman. It would seem only logical to suppose that if your husband loves you, and knows his drinking makes you so unhappy, an appeal to the affectionate side of his nature would encourage him to be more moderate. To be fair, of course, you must consider the fact that he is good to you in other ways, as you say. Wouldn't it be possible for you to enjoy with a girl friend some of the sports you like? And although your husband dislikes dancing, it ought not to be difficult for you to arrange informal parties at your home every now and then, and dance to your heart's content. Every husband should make an effort to join in at least some of the social activities his wife enjoys, if the marriage is to be a happy one. Husbands should avoid making it necessary for their wives to coax and flatter them into doing things! Dear Mrs. Brown: When I was fifteen years old, I was obliged to plan my wed- ding rather hurriedly. My husband was five years older than I, but we were very much in love with each other. My mother, was dead, and until I got married I kept house for my father. How- ever, my husband's parents wanted us to live with them, and although I didn't want to, I gave in. At that time my mother-in- law was running a rooming house. Before I was married, my husband's mother seemed to like me, and wanted me to go with her son against my father's wishes. Like a foolish child I didn't listen to him. After I was married, my mother-in-law treated me very well. But when my baby was two months old she changed; she couldn't be mean enough. She wanted to show me what to do and what not to do about the baby, saying I was too young to know anything. Then she started nagging me constantly, insulted me in front of friends, and even told the girls who helped her with the housework to flirt with my husband to make me jealous. Every time she got my husband alone she'd tell him all sorts of lies about me. We lived with her for three years, and then my husband and I moved away. Sometime afterward a friend of mine told me that before I married, my husband got one of his mother's hired girls into trouble, and that there was a child. I knew this girl, because she was still with my mother-in-law when I got mar- ried. I asked my husband about this, and he said it was all a lie, and that he knew nothing about it. My mother-in-law just laughed and said somebody was trying to make trouble by telling lies. Last Christmas, however, I found a letter belonging to my mother-in-law. It was from that girl, and she talked about her child in such a way that I knew my hus- band was the father. When my husband came home I showed him the letter and he owned up and said it was true. But he said he never loved this girl, and didn't want me to find out the truth. He also said he couldn't pre- vent his folks going to see this girl and the baby. 