Heartless Flirt 91 cameras all around, and a lovely lady for his arms." She remembered now Bart's ac- cusation against an unknown man he bad said Sam worked for. She took another blind, step. "Then you know that your father is the man Sam works for, Carl?" He sobered instantly. "Who men- tioned my father?" "Oh, Carl! Don t look so sur- prised," she laughed. Another lie, she felt, wouldn't matter. "I knew it long ago." "Why didn't you tell me you knew?" She shrugged convincingly. "Sam didn't want me to." He accepted the explanation and changed the subject. "What about us? Don't go old- fashioned on me, darling." "Well"- giving him a provocative sidelong glance- "you drive to the nearest justice, and I'll think it over." "Good girl!" he enthused, reading consent into her reply. They reached Medville. Carl drew the car up before a tiny, ivy- covered cottage set far back from the road in a grove of maple trees. The justice, cadaverous and half asleep, sensing a large fee, let them in. He smiled affably when Reine asked permission to comb her hair and powder her nose before the cere- mony. She followed his sleepy-eyed, wrinkled old wife up the stairs. Once inside the clean bedroom, she whirled and gripped the older woman's arm. "Please, can I get out of here with- out the men seeing me? I'm in ter- rible trouble. Won't you help me?" "There's the back stairs," the woman managed to gasp. Reine pulled Bart's one-hundred- dollar bill from her bosom and thrust it into the gnarled old hand. Three minutes later she was in Carl's car, driving like mad toward Crest Cove. It was a badly frightened, di- sheveled Reine who pounded on the door of Bart's bungalow. The place was dark, the door locked, and no one answered her frantic summons. A horrible thought left her weak and shaken, leaning against the door for support. Maybe Bart had re- sisted his enemies; maybe something had happened to him. "Bart- Bart!" A quick thud of running feet up the path whirled her about. Could it be Carl coming after her, to force her into marriage? She caught a glimpse of the figure in the moon- light and stumbled toward it with a glad cry. Bart's arms were about her, hold- ing her close. "Dear, merciful Heaven!" his breath jarred sobbingly through white lips. "You gave us an awful scare. Les and I have been hunt- ing you for hours." "Bart, you haven't been in the house?" "No. I got nearly home, then turned and went back to Pamela's. I had to beg your forgiveness for the awful thing I had done. Les told me Francine had lied. I'm so ashamed, my darling." Wild words tumbled from her lips as she repeated Carl's story. When she had finished, he said: "Don't you know this may mean prison for Sam?" She clung to him, crying: "You're all that matters to me, Bart. I'll swear I was here with you all night. Sam won't let them hurt you, then. He can't without hurting me." "Darling- darling! You'd sacri- fice so much for me?" 