70 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine gravely as she let Cy hurry her past him out the front door and into his glittering sports roadster. As Cy's car sped into the drive, Eve glimpsed Bob settle himself behind the wheel of his little flivver with its top folded back and wished achingly she were beside him in- stead of at Cy's elbow. Eve sank deep, into her sad mus- ing and answered Cy's excited chat- ter only with monosyllables. She rarely smoked, but to-night, in her keyed-up state, she accepted a ciga- rette from Cy, and was glad she was smoking when he begged for a kiss. They were racing over a long, narrow bridge when, glancing about nervously, she asked: "Cy, haven't you missed the turn in the road? This isn t the way to your home." He laughed excitedly and squeezed her arm. "I thought you d be too sleepy to notice, angel. We're heading across the county border. I know a J. P. who'll marry us to-night." Eve swallowed. Her mouth felt dry. But she wondered at her com- posure. "Don't be silly, Cy. I can't marry you to-night. Bob-" "Shut up," he said roughly. "If you want to live, you'll marry me to-night, or I ll shoot this bus straight into the nearest pole. You've fooled around with me long, enough. I ve decided to-night's the night. Choose. Either a marriage or a funeral." Eve was silent. She realized it wouldn't help to plead or coax with Cy in his present mood. But she felt numbly bewildered. She had known him since childhood. Good- tempered, easy-going, the butt of every sharper in town. But never rough, masterful, desperate like this. Wild thoughts shot through her mind. She could scream for help. But the road was frighteningly lonely. Patches of black woods open stretches of stubble. Not a car had passed them. She could pull the emergency brake and leap out of the car. But, likely enough, this strange, reckless Cy would jump out and drag her back. Perhaps he had a gun and might kill them both. She had read of desperate men committing just such unthinkable crimes. Her safest bet was to appear cool and pleasant, and not cross Cy in any way. Maybe she could escape somehow at the J. P.'s. "Was that all make-believe about your father, Cy?" she asked, nicely casual. He chuckled. "Sure; dad starts to-night in the yacht for Florida. Fury seethed within her. So he had trapped her through her love for her father. She had always liked Cy in a sisterly fashion, felt pity for the spoiled, self-indulgent only child of a self-absorbed father. Now she hated Cy wildly. Deftly, unnoticed, she dropped the ruby ring into his coat pocket. Aloud she said with a mirthless laugh: "So you're kidnaping me. Some headlines for the newspapers!" To herself she vowed savagely, "I'll never marry you, Cy Clarke, to-night or any night. I'd kill my- self first." Cy laughed triumphantly. "That won't bother us any. We'll meet father and the yacht in New York and have months of honeymoon, my sweet." He slowed the car down and, with the air of a conquering hero, reached over and swept her fiercely close, kissing her savagely, insult- ingly, as she never had been kissed before. Outraged, ashamed, she pushed 