Heartless Flirt 89 "No!" She beat his arm, shaking . her head, the lovely hair tumbling about her face. "Promise me you won't tell him. I hate him! Oh, Les, I wish you didn't love me. Then I- I could marry you, and we d-" "Poor comfort in that thought for either of us, dear," he said unstead- ily, while his mouth stretched in a grimace of pain. They reached the porch. She shivered and drew back at the sound of music and laughter from within. "Let me be alone for just a min- ute," she pleaded. Like a small hurt ghost, she crept to the corner of the porch near the ramblers. The place where- could it be only moments ago?- Bart had held her in his arms. "Reine!" She jerked rigid and whirled. From the shadows, a dark figure emerged. It was Carl. "Listen, Reine" -his voice was clipped, strained- "you're in a spot. Some of the girls are spreading a disgusting story, saying you've gone pretty far with Bart to save Sam. To save his pride, Bart will bolster it." It was insane reasoning. But Reine wasn't capable of judging that, now. She was conscious only that the money Bart had thrust upon her burned her hand, that she must do something- anything- to prove to him that she had really in- tended to trick him. She wanted to wound him now, as he had wounded her. "If we got married to-night, Reine, every one would think you didn't give a darn about him? It would hurt him, too. Don't you see that it would?" It was a tempting argument. Al- most before she knew it, she had given consent and they were speed- ing along the, highway in Carl's shiny roadster, headed for the near- est justice of the peace. Thoughts tumbled about in her brain strange, queer thoughts that made-no sense. Then, like the first low throb of a far-off drum, realiza- tion stirred through her. She was going to marry Carl! Suddenly she knew, she couldn't go through with it. "Carl, stop the car!" she cried. It came to a skidding stop at the side of the road. He twisted about in his seat to face her, lips curved in a mocking smile. "Changed your mind?" "I can't do it, Carl. It wouldn't be fair to you." He leaned back with folded arms. "You'll either consent to marry me, Reine, or we'll spend the night here. And what a reputation you'll have by to-morrow!" "You can't mean that!" "Try me and see. I told you I wouldn't be led around by the nose." "But I don't love you, Carl." His look was bold, sly, and filled with something that made her flesh crawl. "Maybe I'll find I don't love you after a month or two. Then I'll be reasonable about a divorce." "Bart will kill you for this!" she moaned, covering scarlet cheeks with cold hands. She hadn't meant to say any such thing. Carl accepted it as a good joke and rocked with laughter. Her own clashed against it, harsh, dis- cordant. What did it matter to Bart what Carl did, now or ever? "After to-night," Carl gurgled be- tween spells of laughter, "Bart will play ball with the big boys, or else he'll-" Reine jerked very straight, hands clenched in her lap, quivering with an unknown dread. Intuition sent \ 