THE FRIEND IN NEED Department Conducted by Laura Alston Brown Well-known Authority on Love and Marriage Mrs.Brown will be glad to solve in these pages problems, on which you desire advice. Your letters will be regarded confidentially and signatures will be withheld. Although Mrs. Brown receives more letters than she can possibly print in the department, she answers all the others by mail. So, lay your problem before her with the knowledge that it will have her full attention. Address Mrs. Laura Alston Brown, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. THERE are many likable young young men with adequate incomes who could take romance seriously and make the girl they marry happy. But it would seem that these light-hearted young men prefer the flashy type of girl, and apparently ignore the home-loving, quiet girl who would make an ideal wife. A girl would have to have plenty of courage to marry a man who con- siders existence a giddy round of good times, and who does not realize that life and love have a finer, deeper meaning, far more important than any light-hearted gayeties of the moment. Roberta is in love with one of these flighty young men, and won- ders whether any girl has a chance to be happy with a playboy. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am a girl of twenty-one, well educated, and although my father has a good business, I have a job as assistant to an interior decorator. I like to be busy and feel a little useful. I am considered fairly good-looking, en- joy good times, sports, and have many friends. I suppose I ought to be quite happy, but the truth is that I am miser- able. You see, I'm in love with a young man of twenty-five who is of the irresponsible, playboy type. He comes from a good family, has always had enough money to do as he liked, and is quite handsome. Like many young men of his type, he is never serious. The more girl friends he dates, the merrier. Most of them are giddy flappers who should know better than to fritter their time away on a young fellow who will never offer them marriage. About five months ago he went on a wild ride in his car. There were three fellows and four girls in the party. Evidently they had had too much liquid cheer, and they had a smashed car before they knew it. Fortunately, no one was seriously hurt. Since then Phil has quieted down some- what, and promised to really behave. We have been dating steady twice a week for about two months. My parents like him a lot, and as for me, I'm des- perately in love with him. But how can a girl trust a boy like that? And if mar- riage does come along, would he stay put? It's hard for me to believe that an easy- going, lively young man like Phil is likely to really settle down. I have often entertained the thought that as soon as this last escapade of his is for- gotten, he will start chasing other girls again. Do you think I could trust him to be true to me? I wonder if other readers have had a 