28 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine out and see me this afternoon if you can spare time from the new boy friend." Dell talked with him a while, and then went on up to the inn. Martin was the first of her people down for breakfast, and she found, in con- versation with him, that he, too, was going out to one of the shanties for a days fishing. Dell said nothing, but a plan was forming in her mind. Modern young ladies don't sit around and wait for men to come to them, she remembered. That afternoon, when she was off duty, she took her skates and went down to the wharf. Far out across the smooth expanse of ice, she could see the tiny specks which she knew were fish shanties. She put on her skates and started toward them. She covered the distance rapidly, with lazy, powerful strokes. Fishing through the ice for smelt is a winter industry on Lake Champlain. The fishermen have shanties, about six feet long and four feet wide, equipped with bunks which fold up against the walls during the daytime, a folding table, a stove for warmth and for cooking. The shanties are on runners, and are dragged out to the fishing grounds, where they are anchored to keep the wind from carrying them away. Holes are cut in the ice to cor- respond to trap doors in the floor of each shanty, and the men sit in them fishing, sometimes for weeks on end without going ashore. The fish company truck drives out, buys their catch and brings them pro- visions. That afternoon the ice, which is kept clear almost all winter by the driving force of the wind sweeping unobstructed over the lake's hun- dred and fifty mile length, was here and there patched with snow. But it did not spoil the skating. When Dell at last reached the shanties, she went first to Tommy's. He was enjoying a fine run of smelt at the moment, and did not try to detain her when she informed him that she must leave and see Martin before she went ashore. "I might have known you wouldn't come clear out here just to see me," he grinned, "and went on with his fishing." The shanties which the hotel kept for its guests, were all painted red, and Dell could tell Martin's only by number. It was on the opposite side of the reef, and with several shanties between it and the smelt run. Martin was having no luck at all. He wel- comed Dell profusely. She came inside, took off her skates, and sat in the chair opposite him. "But this is perfectly grand," he told her. "I was bored to tears. And then the one person who could never bore me, came along. Oh, honey" -he was suddenly humble- "you look perfectly adorable. May I kiss you?" But Dell was all ready with her story. "Martin, she said, that was one of the things I came out here to talk to you about. I can't kiss you any more. It's not right. I never kissed a man the first time I went out with him before in my whole life. You- I guess you swept me off my feet. But it won't happen again. It's not right." Martin nodded slowly. "If you think we shouldn't, then we won't," he said. "You know you can do anything to me." But it was very evident that he did not intend to abide by that promise. Slowly, indirectly, he went about the task of breaking down Dell's resolve. Now that she could sit back detached and watch his 