88 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine eyes. Shiela's tray- she must get it in to her. And those bonds of Wade's. Strange he couldn't find them. She had almost reached the kitchen, when a noise made her stop, turn around. It came from the bedroom. It was Shiela, crying. Real crying, not the spoiled first-of- the-month whimpering that could bring Bob's arms about her in quick forgiving for a huge pile of unpaid bills. This was terrible crying. Wild sobs with terror behind them and fear. Kathy ran for the bedroom and threw open the door. "Shiela!" she gasped. "Shiela!" For a wild in- stant her heart almost stopped, at the sight of the crumpled froth of lace and silk on the floor at her feet. But at Kathy's voice, Shiela raised her head from the arm that had cradled it, and dragged herself to her knees. Her blue eyes were horror-filled, and her tiny face was twisted with fear. On the floor by her side was a bottle with the cork out, and the air was filled with a sweet, heavy odor. "Shiela Christie!" Kathy raged, and snatched at it. "That's the laudanum Bob got for his toothache! What are you doing with it? What does this mean?" But, before she could move, before she could reach Shiela, or touch her, Shiela was at her knees dragging at them crazily, yelling things at her, horrible things, about those bonds Wade Duncan- non had been hunting for; about being at the office, and seeing them in the safe, and- "You mean," Kathy heard her- self saying slowly, "that you took those bonds, Shiela?" "Last week!" Shiela wailed. "That day when I came in to see you and you left me alone to hunt for something in the file room. I- I saw them there, where you had put them, and- "Oh, Kathy, don't look at me like that! Don't! I had to have money. I just had to. I owed every one! Things Bob never had heard of. That fur coat I'd told Bob I'd saved the money for I paid for it with my house money, and they wouldn't take it back, and the grocer said he was going to sue us! Oh, I was crazy!" "But those bonds were worth a thousand dollars, Shiela!" A thou- sand dollars! You didn't owe that much! You couldn't! Where's the rest of it? Maybe we can make it up some way- borrow the money." "It's gone. Every bit of it. It's gone." Shiela pulled herself to her feet and stumbling to the bed, threw herself across it. Her weak face was swollen with tears. Tears hung heavy on her long lashes. "A woman I know who plays the market she- she told me if I could get some- thing to use for collateral, she could make thousands for me. So- so I gave her five hundred dollars and was going to get everything back before you missed it at all. "How did I know she'd lose it for me? How did I know the market would drop like it did? And out there to-night, when I heard Wade Duncannon asking you for it, when I knew they'd find me out- Oh, I wish I were dead! I do! I do! I tried to kill myself and I was too scared even to die! "They'll send me to jail, and Bob will hate me! He's so hard about money, Kathy! So dreadfully hard!" "Hard!" Kathy's eyes swept the room, its frivolous lace pillows, its gaudy toilet table littered with powders, perfumes and creams. "Seventy-five dollars a week, Shiela, and every cent of it turned over to you! Hard! And now you've 