Cornflower-blue 33 to her and her mind cleared. What was it she had read about drowning people being easily knocked out? She broke away and lifted a brown fist in the water. Bill floundered toward her at once and she struck him with all her might straight between the eyes. He slumped at once and she caught his head and held it firmly above water. The remainder of her struggle toward shore was a night- mare of agonized effort; of tiny gasps of air coming like knife- thrusts to her tortured lungs; of weary muscles striving to do her bidding. In the end she was barely conscious of shallow water, of mud beneath her feet, and of Adela's strong white arms dragging Bill to safety. Then her knees sagged and a black wave engulfed her. When consciousness returned she found herself lying half out of the water, her cheek against a bank of mud, her eyes staring into the mud- stiffened grass of the shore edge. With an effort she sat up and saw Adela on the bank above her, kneel- ing beside Bill's limp body, working with strong, sure hands to force the water from his lungs. Adela glanced at her sharply. "Are you strong enough to go for help?" Wearily Barbara dragged herself to her feet. "I--I think I can make it. Is he--will he-" "He'll be all right." Barbara turned and stumbled to- ward the path. Something was puzzling her, knocking insistently at the back of her mind. Some question to which she had to know the answer. "Adela, why didn't you help me?" "Don't be a fool!" Adela tossed her wet, curly head. "The two of you might have dragged me down, if I had. Besides, I was half drowned myself after the sudden way you ducked me into that icy lake. It was lucky for you that I was able to swim for shore and was here in time to help you in." "I see," said Barbara quietly. The singers on the hotel veranda greeted her with shocked little cries as she strode suddenly out of the dusk and up the steps. "Why, Barbara, my dear, you're absolutely soaked!" "Babs! Did you fall in the lake?" "Where's Adela? What's hap- pened?" And over and over again from all sides the word: "Adela!" Barbara steadied herself carefully against pillar of the veranda. "Bill Hampton was nearly drowned. Adela's all right. She's giving him first aid now. You'd better go down there right away--somebody-" She swayed a little, but they were no longer listening to her words. Two of the boys had vaulted the veranda rail and the rest of the party streamed after them. She waited a moment for her strength to return and then went to her room. The tall mirror on her closet door gave back her dreadful reflection. Her blue-flowered dress had been torn half away from one shoulder, her brown hair was a limp, untidy mass, caked with mud along one cheek. She slipped out of her torn, wet clothes and put on a heavy beach robe. Then, having soaked some of the mud from her face, she went back to the veranda. She was just in time to witness the return of the crowd from the lake. They had lit torches of pine and the flickering light fell upon up- turned faces as the group came up the hill. Bill's face, white and smil- ing, as he stumbled along, aided by a strong shoulder on either side. LS--3A 