The Friendliest Corner 151 boxer and wrestler. I'll be glad to ex- change snapshots. So let's go, boys! Dynamite. Betty B. needs your friendship. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a very lonely girl of almost eighteen. I live very near New York, and am interested in every one and everything in the world. I want to hear from girls far and near, and believe I can make my letters very interesting. I have brown eyes and hair, a sunny dis- position, like sports, dancing, and writing letters more than anything else. Prompt replies are promised. Betty B. She'll exchange dreams and ideals with you. Dear Miss Morris: As I haven't many friends I am most anxious for some Pen Pals. I will be a real friend to those who care to write to me. I am patient, and can overlook faults in others. I believe there is more good in every one than some people think. I'm a Jewish girl of twenty- seven. Won't all you girls everywhere write to me? Oh Min. Busy Bubbles collects antiques. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young mar- ried woman of twenty-one. I'm not able to do any heavy work as I have been ill for two years, but my hobby is collecting antiques, curios, and odd articles. I spend my time decorating my home, find- ing new ideas for needlework, and other- wise trying to keep happy and cheerful. I would love to hear from girls and young married women who have similar interests. Busy Bubbles. Texas Collegian likes fun. Dear Miss Morris: Can a Texas col- lege boy find some interesting Pen Pals? I'm a junior in college, interested in foot- ball, basket ball, movies, and just fun in general. I want to hear from some broad- minded young men who are in earnest about making friends. I enjoy writing letters, and those who write to me will receive a prompt reply. Texas Collegian. Pals everywhere, write to Mitta. Dear Miss Morris: Will you please ask some of the girls in your Corner to send their letters to me? I want to hear from Pals living in distant countries. I'm a girl of eighteen, short, slender, and con- sidered good-looking. I have plenty of time to write letters, and assure you, Pen Pals, that you will receive a prompt reply. So let's go, girls! Mitta. Young mothers, Chi Lou wants your letters. Dear Miss Morris: Would any one care to write to a young mother? I'm twenty-six years old, and have a boy eight years old. In spite of my household cares, I still have plenty of time to write let- ters, and would love to have some Pen Pals. Please, Pals, write long letters. I'll be sure to reply. Chi Lou. Ardis sends an S 0 S. Dear Miss Morris: I'm calling for Pals from fourteen to eighteen years of age. I'm a Canadian girl of fifteen, have blond, curly hair, blue eyes, and am full of pep and nonsense. I can tell you all about Canada, if you're interested, so won't you all write to me? Ardis. He spins interesting yarns. Dear Miss Morris: May a young chap of twenty-five enter your Corner? I'm well educated, fairly handsome, lib- eral-minded, and have traveled quite a bit. I'm fond of swimming and hiking, and when it comes to wanderlust, I suf- fer from it frequently. At present I'm holding down a secretarial job in a New York office. Fellows, let's get going! Vagabond Jack. Don't let this girl get lonely. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a girl of sev- enteen, and live on a large farm in Minne- sota. My favorite sports are swimming, tennis, and riding. The country here is lovely, but I do get so very lonely. I want to receive letters from Pals every- where, and hope to get at least one letter from every State in the Union. I'm a senior in high school, have blond, curly hair, blue eyes, and a happy disposition. Minnesota Mouse. She'll be a true-blue Pal. Dear Miss Morris: May one more lonely girl join your Corner? I'm twenty- 