Your Stars and You by Kai YOUR WEEK Most of us will like the current seven days. It is a temperamental week, but there will be many things which hold prom- ise and a general feeling of optimism can be expected. The serious periods should be devoted to practical thinking. Each of us has the full cooperation of the planets at this time and results are of our own mak- ing. This is the best week generally we have had in some time. There is a New Moon Wednesday, April 3rd, at 7:06 a. m. DAY BY DAY Hours mentioned are Eastern standard time Saturday, March 30th The day begins harmoniously, and the mind will be in good working order. Expect an ac- tive morning when the writ- ten and spoken word is im- portant. The early-afternoon hours are active, and there will be minor irritations of no consequence. The later aft- ernoon hours are emotional and pleasure is in order. Do not tolerate foolish fears at any period of the day or eve- ning. Pleasure, recreation and sentiment will identify the evening period. Sunday, March 31 The morning hours will be more active than usual for a Sunday morning. The period around noon is lethargic, and spiritual and inspirational ideas are in order. The after- noon hours bring the mind into play and the trend will be active. Between 5:00 and 7:00 p. m. there is an inter- lude which is serious, and quiet and deep thought is in order. Your mind will be able to take care of details, and it would be well to make plans. The later evening hours are entertaining, ener- getic, and the undercurrent is favorable. Monday, April 1st A new business week and a new month and again we find the mind and judgment of major importance. It is an excellent morning for the folks engaged in creative, ad- vertising, and literary work. It is a very good day, even though it is divided into periods which demand practi- cality and energy in spite of the feelings. The evening is favorable, and it would be well to give serious thought to financial matters. Tuesday, April 2nd Domestic inharmony will pre- vail this morning until 8:00 a. m. unless you are careful. After that you will be active, and there will be many mat- ters which will require atten- 