The Friend In Need 159 get my misery. I went out, of course, and even had three proposals to marry, but every night I sent up a prayer for my lost husband. I learned to take knocks with a smile. I became independent and promised myself not to let anything hurt me again. A month ago my husband came back. He seemed changed in looks, was more quiet and refined, but he didn't find me as easy as I had been before. He begged me to give him another chance, so I put him on probation for a year. I felt that it was a year against a lifetime. I know that I won't change my mind and take him back before that year is up, no matter how often he begs me to make up now. I haven't given up yet, and I'm going to keep right on hoping that things will turn out all right. My husband seems a changed man, but I will not let him break my resolution. If he disappoints me, I won't let him hurt me as he did before. I hope some other wife tries this method; it may solve her problem. It is now seven months since my husband and I are good friends. I see him once a week; the rest of the time he works. From what I can see, it would appear that he's working hard. Last week he showed me a bank book with several hundred dollars to his credit. So it looks as though he's saving his money, and I haven't noticed that he's drinking, or running around with other women. He lives two blocks away, and his landlady says he seldom goes out, and then only to a movie. I think my plan is going to work out all right. I hope so. Dorothy S. And I hope so too, Dorothy. Be- lief and strength in your own con- victions will help you find ultimate happiness. If your husband is working so hard to get you back, it looks as if he'll turn out to be the right kind of husband after all, when the year of probation is up. Good luck to you; won't you write again and let us know how things have turned out? NECK and NECK FINISHES! VICTORY- as the whistle blows EXCITING EXPERIENCES 15c TWICE A MONTH at all news stands Street &amp; Smith's Sport Story Magazine Stories by T.W. Ford Danney Horton William [Br]uner and others STORIES OF THE STARS... ACTION-PACKED PAGES ... 