158 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine girl, but it seems rather hard to make peo- ple believe that a sailor can be a one-girl man. I still have a year and a half to serve. In the meantime, we are both plan- ning for our future: Another thing that worries me is this: Although I am in love and would like to settle down, at times I think I couldn't be happy because I would no longer be going places. I suppose you will under- stand and not be "thumbs down" on me. I met this girl three years ago, and haven't thought of any one else since. She says that when my time is up we'll be married. Do you think we should, even if I have no job, although, we could fall back on the little I have saved? Maybe this doesn't sound like a prob- lem. But I really have no one to ask for advice, and I feel sure you will offer some suggestion I can follow. Smiling Sailor. Judging from your letter, it seems you have not shaken off the fascina- tion of wanderlust enough to be completely happy if you settled down. On the other hand, if you really love this girl as you say, you may be so happy that you will lose all desire to be on the go. The sensible and practical thing to do after you leave service would be to find what work you are best adapted to, and stick it out. While you are working you might be able to take a night course in some trade in which you are interested, so that you would be assured of a steady in- come when you married. Give yourself more time, my boy, and be frank with your girl friend. Talk things over with her; she will not resent your taking her into your full confidence. Dear Mrs. Brown: I met my husband when I was eighteen, and we were mar- ried shortly afterward. For a little over a year we were very happy. Then my hus- band was transferred to another town. But instead of taking me with him he left me at his mother's, telling me he would send for me as soon as he had found rooms. But that very night he stopped at a hotel, and took a strange girl to a wild party. The next day he went to the town where he was going to work, and became friendly with a woman he met. They trav- eled around together for two weeks. He never sent me a cent. Then he came to see me, and stayed three days. I was an expectant mother at the time. He said he couldn't find rooms, and that was why he didn't send for me. Although later I found out about this other woman; and that he had lied to me. After he left I went to work, and when I had saved enough money to pay the fare I went to him. The minute I saw him I knew that something was wrong. He said that as long as we couldn't have a home of our own, we might as well stop at a hotel. But I didn't like that. I found work, rented a furnished room, and tried to take care of myself. He still lived with me as my husband. One night I happened to find a letter he had evidently dropped. It was from this second woman, and since I've read it I have been miser- able. Then my husband told me the whole story, said that he loved her, and that the sooner he could get his freedom the better. My husband lost his job on her account. She went back to her own home State, but corresponded with my husband. I have some of her letters. I thought I would keep them, as they might prove good evi- dence when I sued for divorce. But I couldn't make up my mind what to do. I wanted my baby to have a father. However, my husband became friendly with another woman and went away with her. By this time I knew I couldn't keep my job very long, so the law brought him back and put him in jail. He promised to look after me, and begged me to drop the charges against him; I finally gave in. He said he still loved me, and was sorry about the past. He seemed so heartbroken over the whole thing, that I thought he was sincere. We left town and lived on some of the money I had saved up for my hospital bills. We now have two children, but I feel as if I'd rather do anything than stay with my husband. Life is so hard, and mar- riage doesn't seem at all worth while. My husband is good to me, and as far as I know he hasn't tried to go with other women. He swears that what happened will never happen again. But I just can't believe him. Can I do anything to make my life happier? Mrs. V. C. B. It is a tragedy that marriage, which begins with every promise of 