The Silver Duke 81 her neck and tucked into the front of the slacks, leaving her brown back bare. She was attractive in a gay, gypsyish way, but the oyster bar was not the only kind of bar she had frequented that night. She swayed dizzily as she walked. Her cold, small black eyes pounced upon Janine's companion first, for he was a striking figure, and she strutted over to them and put her hand on his arm. "Break, big man, and dance with Lutie," she commanded in her high voice. "Aw, don't be so cross," she shrilled, as the Duke coolly swung away from her hand. She stared in- solently at his companion, then blinked. "Well, for gosh's sake, see who he's toting. Say, big boy, you needn't go to the kitchen for dates." Janine's cheeks were scarlet with embarrass- ment. She looked up at the Duke, but he had shaken Lutie off, and was smiling down at Janine as though they were alone. Janine caught her breath at the miracle of that smile. It did queer things to her. Lutie was staring, too, and slowly turning scarlet. He looked at her, and her eyes wavered before the cold sil- ver lances of the Duke's glance. Her partner, a sleek- haired fellow, grabbed Lutie roughly by the arm and whirled off with her. "Served you right, Lutie, for stepping out of your class." "Say, she can't get away with that!" Lutie's voice was shrill with fury. "I'm going to tell him a mouth- ful about her. She hasn't anything to be so snooty about, and I'm not through with him, either. He's going to dance with me and like it!" "Ready to go out where the air is cleaner?" the Duke asked dis- tinctly, and at Jan's relieved nod, he guided her out of the door into the night. "That the girl who got you fired?" he asked, and Janine nodded again, glad she had not had to claim relationship with Lutie. Lutie was at the bar now. Jan could see her there as she sat in the boat, waiting for the Duke to start the motor. Lutie was questioning the nearest chef. Jan's eyes spar- kled angrily. Why couldn't Lutie leave her alone, now that she had driven her away from the only home she had ever known? "She'll find out who you are and LS--6A 