Your Stars And You 139 too fast this morning and use judgment in putting new ideas into effect. The noon hour brings special rash feelings. This is a day which will be difficult to handle. The will to do and execute matters rapidly is paramount and yet the feelings are unreliable. Take it easy. The evening is hectic. Tuesday October 23rd The Sun enters the sign Scorpio this evening at 9:30. This morning brings a con- tinuation of the conditions of yesterday. If you made mis- takes yesterday, this will be a period doubly hard to han- dle. There is nervousness and uncertainty this morning and the inclination to stress petty matters. Watch the written and spoken word all day, par- ticularly the first few hours this morning and after the dinner hour this evening. The better personal influence oc- curs after 10:00 p. m., but do not endure after midnight. Wednesday October 24th The desire to create domestic turmoil and an upheaval per- sonally is indicated until 8:40 a. m. The later hours, until 5:00 p. m., are favor- able and can be utilized in an efficient manner. The day is active and productive gener- ally, depending upon your ability to handle matters rapidly and with judgment. Watch your step this evening. There is the tendency to be rash and irritable. If you feel upset do not inflict yourself upon others. Stay to your- self, especially around mid- night. Thursday October 25th This is a fair day and an un- interesting one from a plan- etary viewpoint. There is too much emotion for efficiency and accomplishment, so your control over your tempera- ment is the basis upon which you will have to work. Part of the morning period can be made productive if you get started early, then deliberate judgment should prevail un- til 9:00 p. m. to-night. After that you can plan to indulge in mild pleasures. Friday October 26th All day yesterday and until noon to-day you will have seen and realized the neces- sity of doing many things which are distasteful to you. This morning especially brings lethargy and fatigue, but you will need to stay on the job and handle petty and unde- sirable factors. The afternoon and evening hours are exceed- ingly pleasant generally, and the evening especially brings harmony, enjoyment, interest- ing activities and vital conver- sations. Make plans for the evening which will enable you to add something of a tan- gible and delightful nature to your welfare. IF YOU WERE BORN BETWEEN March 21st and April 20th (Aries) --Aries people born between April 14 th and 20th are more affected this week than the other groups. You will feel the full force of the planets and there will be deep emotional upheaval. Try to plan your days and avoid erratic actions. If changes tran- spire, take them philosophically. Try not to become upset. There will be financial crises, but you can utilize your balance and poise if you make the effort. Those born during the latter part of March or the first eight days in April will have occupa- tional difficulties and annoyances, and the finances of other people will cause concern. Most of your problems are temporary ones. April 20th and May 21st (Taurus) --Taureans born between April 20th and 26th will feel, intuitional and inspired this week, but there will be altercations with business and domestic partners. Be care- ful what you say and write. If born be- tween May 1st and 9th, you will have a busy and hectic week. Keep your temper. Do not take your affairs of the heart too seriously. Emotional affairs are likely to reach a crisis but no definite decisions should be made. If born between May 15th 