Your Stars And You 147 which will keep you from being so lonely. I see your point of view and appreciate your feelings, but in this case, patience will bring reward. You are an Aries person and patience is not one of your strongest attributes, but, I am sure, you have lived this life rather completely and realize that we cannot have everything we wish at the time we want it. Will be glad to hear from you any time you care to write to me. M. E. B., born October 19, 1888, New York, 2:30 p. m.: At the time you wrote me you were upset mentally and were in- clined to place a morbid construction upon everything, and I feel sure you have gotten hold of yourself somewhat by this time and will have overcome some of your panic. You have an excellent chart at birth, comparatively speaking, and even- tually you will find much contentment and stability of a permanent nature. You must not allow any individual factor to color your entire viewpoint or your mode of existence, because you are a person who will have many things happen throughout a lifetime. Charge all these things to ex- perience and incorporate them construc- tively into your single pattern of life. When this association of seven years ended recently, it was the termination of a defi- nite cycle in your existence and now you must go on to other fields, which will bring you experiences- some pleasant, and others annoying. The year 1934 will bring marked changes in your environment, in connection with your associates in your social and business life. Nothing is hopeless. The workers of the world must carry on to big- ger things and higher developments. If certain conditions exist too long we begin to stagnate and fail to turn with the wheels of progress, and in a person of your tem- perament, the failure to make advancement every day of your life is detrimental to your viewpoint. You have been in a rut, to some extent, during recent years, and that is why this sudden shifting of the scenes has disturbed you. It is that way with most of us. One of the most impor- tant years of your life is 1934. There will be readjustments and many changes, men- tally, physically, and spiritually. Two spe- cific times of mental and actual upheaval are in February and November. Your in- fluences for the year are uncomfortable in some respects and bring mental strain. On the other hand, if you will take each oc- currence as it arises, handle it in your usual efficient manner, charge it to progress, and go on to new things, you will save yourself heartache and mental security. Some of your planetary conditions this year are very promising. You will have the assistance of the planets in meeting these crises, and your salvation will be in keeping philosoph- ical and balanced. There is an element in your chart which brings you protection, and if you will only have confidence in yourself and your future, no matter what the personal adjustments are, you will pre- serve your excellent faculties for bigger and better things. I am not trying merely to soften my words by offering you encour- agement. It will be a hard year to live, but there are mitigating influences which will be helpful and which will bring you much pleasure. The summer period is less strained than the other months, and by the time the end of November arrives, you will know definitely just why everything that will have happened has occurred. Above all things, avoid a feeling of panic. That will do no good and you can handle your affairs much better if you keep a clear head. I am sorry not to have been able to answer you sooner, but it was im- possible. The future is much brighter for you. Keep that conviction uppermost in your mind. My best wishes go forward and my offer of further cooperation, when- ever needed. WHY QUESTIONS ARE NOT ANSWERED Kai does not send answers by mail. Mrs. C. C. P., April 9, 1882: When was your husband born? What change do you intend making? W. J. G., October G, 1890: I cannot help you without more information about your- self. What kind of work do you do? what sort of education have you? Mr. A. E. F., September 18, 1910: I cannot tell you about the young lady until I have her birth data, including the hour of birth. Editor's Note: Questions for this department are answered only through Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine. Each reader is allowed to ask one question. Be sure to give the following data in your letter: date, month, year, and place of birth, the hour of the day or night, if possible, and sex. Address your letters to KAI, care of this magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. 