Two in a Fog 11 thought I was rich. Remember, I told you I had only been to Bermuda on business!" He shrugged impatiently. "I thought you were kidding," he mut- tered. There came the soft clatter of sil- ver and china rising over the room, and from beyond the wide door, the muted clamor of traffic. Melina shivered and picked up her purse. "Why did you see me again, then?" she demanded curiously. "It would have been easier to just- just not show up." Rod's lips tightened, and for once he didn't look quite so handsome. "How did I know what you might do?" he said callously. Melina's smooth olive skin flushed darkly, and for a moment her lips trembled. Then they parted in a swift breath of anger. "I can't forgive you for that!" She looked beautiful then, brilliant with fury, alive with suppressed emotion. "I may be one of those fools who work for a living, but I'm not cheap! If it had killed me, I should never have sought you out." Her knees were lax with the fierce- ness of her anger, and for a moment it looked as if she couldn't move. Then she rose, leaning for a second on the table. "You have nothing to fear from me," she told him bitterly. "From this moment on I don't know you, never knew you, never expect to know you!" He was on his feet too, his face white, his lips curled. "Which is 0. K. with me," he muttered, just as a slim dark man with gray eyes under a shock of blue- black hair, strolled up to the table and said mildly: "I see I'm just in time, Roddy my boy, to meet your charming dinner guest." Rod turned his head jerkily, and Melina saw him falter and then look at her with a mingling of fear and annoyance. She read him correctly in an instant. This man who had just come up was some one impor- tant, and Rod hated to introduce them. It brought her head up proudly, and her softly rounded chin took on a determined look. "So sorry"- she moved a step away- "I must hurry." But the gray-eyed man wasn't to be put off so easily. He put out a detaining hand. "If you think I walked across this entire room just to speak to Rod Landers, you're terribly mistaken. And again, if you think I shall let you run off without being introduced, then you don't know Edward Erin O'Moore." Rod broke in hastily, his voice al- most fawning, Melina thought. "How are you, old man? I'm just back from Bermuda-" But Edward Erin O'Moore wasn't paying him one second's attention. From his considerable height, he was looking down at the averted outline of Melina's face. "Now, what is your name?" he was demanding coolly. "I can't go on calling you 'lady' or 'lassie' all our lives." Rod was trying to break into a situation that was rapidly growing into a twosome, with him very much on the outside. He cleared his throat and essayed speech, which again fell on deaf ears. "I say, O'Moore-" Melina lifted her eyes to the gray ones just over her head. "My name is Melina Otis Spauld- ing, and I work for a living," she said bitterly, her glance drifting to Rod's suddenly scarlet face and then back to the gray-eyed man. She 