14 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "You're ridiculous." "I made you laugh." "Is that something to crow over?" She tried hard not to be bitter. "Absolutely! It shows you aren't too far gone to be saved." Then he led her into a low door- way, hospitably lighted by two old- fashioned iron lanterns inclosing electric bulbs. The warm coziness of a narrow entrance hall enveloped them, and the man led the way up long white steps to a high door set with brass knob and knocker. "My domain!"- bowing low and ushering her into a high-ceilinged room that breathed of peace and comfort. Melina dropped her coat on a red leather bench and looked appre- ciatively about. Dark woodwork and pale walls, lighted by ivory- shaded lamps that cast a subdued light over bookcases built in half- way to the ceiling; leather chairs and a fireplace; scatter rugs, worn and velvety; warm red drapes drawn over sheer window curtains and the gleam of brass here and there. "Do you like it?" he asked eagerly. And looking at her eyes, he knew without words. "I'm glad," he added simply. She sat down in front of the smoldering fire and stretched slim white hands toward the welcome warmth, while the man busied him- self at the liquor cabinet. "So you met Rod on the Empress," he began casually over his shoulder. Melina stiffened resentfully. "How do you like the ship? I've been on her once or twice." She relaxed, feeling rather silly. . "I liked it at first," she admitted with a burst of honesty. "I work for the company and I had to do some business for them down there. That's why I had the bridal suite. It was the only cabin not sold." Erin O'Moore came over with a glass for her. "So Rod thought you were at least Miss Empress," he ven- tured. Melina nodded. She knew sud- denly she was going to tell him everything. She couldn't help it. "It was lovely while it lasted," she confessed thickly. "I'd never been flirted with so expertly before. He made the two days heavenly. I hated to get back to New York. Then--" "He found out you weren't a banker's daughter! Right?" "Right!" she told him flatly, and then lifted her glass. "A toast to the working girl!" "May she discover that all men aren't alike," he added swiftly. And they drank in silence. He sat down opposite her and stretched with a sigh of relief toward the heat. "This is something like it"- tilt- ing back his head and closing his eyes- "with the fog outside, and peace and a good companion inside!" Melina relaxed under the spell of his voice. It was soothing, com- pelling in its very quietness. She found some of the misery stealing from her heart and soul. Every- thing except this room, this man, was far away and unreal. Eyes closed, she let it all seep into her blood. And across the width of the hearth, Erin O'Moore watched her from under half-closed lids and wondered at the faint stirrings in his heart. They were like this when there came the muffled sound of voices from below, then the clatter of feet and the sharp tap-tap of the knocker. The man frowned with annoyance and sprang to his feet. "Some pests, I suppose, to spoil a perfect evening," he groaned. 