64 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine not to return till the day before the wedding." "I know that. That played into my hand. Monty's trip was confi- dential, and he told no one he was going, except you. You intended to tell your uncle to-night, but by to- night you and I will be far away. Meanwhile, Uncle Jerry will think you are having a honeymoon with Monty, and Monty, up in Canada, will think you are safe at home. So no one will search for you!" Shakily, Paula kept the car in the road. "Who are you?" she cried. "And how did you learn all these things?" The man only laughed tauntingly. Then he said with that strange, ringing voice that kept echoing deep within Paula, "When we reach Philadelphia, you are going to write a note to Uncle Jerry in your own handwriting, saying you are safe and happy!" "I shan't!" cried Paula rebel- liously. "You shan't make me!" "But you will!" he said. Again, Paula had the feeling of being driven by fate. It was not the gun he had; more, it was some odd, com- pelling power, the way his look bore down on her. He was a strong, de- termined man. Paula knew it. Something feminine in her re- sponded, even while she fought against him. "I shan't help you get money from Eric's bank, either!" her vivid lips mocked him. "If you think I'll use his love for me to lure that in- formation from him, you'll find I can struggle to the last ditch!" "You are beautiful when you flame like that," he said suddenly. "I like a girl with temper, you precious little wild cat!" "Then you'll have plenty of chances to admire me!" He leaned nearer. "I could," he said slowly, "if I were interested in girls. But I have no time for them now. All my mind and soul is cen - tered in my plan for revenge, and you are only a pawn in the dan- gerous game I play! The fact that you happen to be a pretty little love pawn means nothing, absolutely nothing, to me!" Paula s brows knotted. Only a love pawn, was she? She'd show him she had a mind and a will of her own. She didn't know yet what she would do, but she wouldn't fall in with his plans. She was tired when they arrived at Philadelphia at nightfall. They had made good time, stopping twice for gas, but always at such remote filling stations that Paula knew it would be useless to try to escape. Now she was so weary, the maze of city streets was all a blur. Red ordered her to stop at an apartment house in a quiet section. "It's a walk up," he apologized, but Paula didn't care. It was good to stretch her limbs. Only when he took a key from his pocket and un- locked the door of a small apart- ment did she wake up. "This is sketchily furnished from odds and ends left after our crash," he was saying, "but it is home for me for the present. Welcome, lady fair! We will spend the night here." With a click, he turned the key in the lock. Paula turned white. Locked in! Through the window she could see cavernous walls of other apartments, windows, more windows, and behind them, people were living, but who would hear her, or care, if she called? She was trapped! Red put out his hand to take her coat, but in spite of his gun, she struck at him furiously. "You brute," she sobbed, between set teeth, "how dare you bring me here? LS-4E 