Little And Lovely 109 "Gee! You weren't caught doing the town in those things, I hope?" she asked finally in a voice that echoed with a strong note of friend- liness. "No, I'd just gone out to the car of a friend parked in front of my place," Sophia explained none too eagerly. She didn't feel like talking. The girl laughed. "And they grabbed you! Now wouldn't that be just like some dumb copper! wasn't doing a thing, I spect?" "No. Just talking to a friend." "Just like me! Me and my boy friend just happened to be in front of this house talking when the dame inside found she'd been robbed. And we was in for it! It wasn't our fault that some one'd thrown the junk into our car just as we was getting ready to get in and take a drive. I told the copper, but would he listen to that?" "Innocent as a baby! You tell >'em, Hazel!" came from down the row of cells. And some one laughed in a hard, cruel way. Sophia felt a little bit sick and dizzy with it all. She was glad when the matron appeared. The woman surveyed her with cold eyes. "Hope you don't think you can go to court in them things?" she said, indicating the fragile pajamas. "I wanted the officer to let me change before I came," Sophia re- plied. "He wouldn't, though." The woman nodded her head. "Yeah. Well, they're onto your tricks. Going out in things that ain't decent and then asking to go home to change. This sudden modesty of you dames hands us a laugh! That's what it does. It don't fool nobody!" Sophia stared at the woman but said nothing. There wasn't any use trying to convince her. Then, roughly from the matron: "Well, what're you going to do about it? Got any way of getting decent things to cover yourself with?" "If you'd let me send to my apart- ment-" Sophia started to sug- gest. "Where is it?" And as Sophia gave the address: "Pretty swell address for a girl that comes here." But Sophia ignored that and went on to explain to say to any one who answered the door there to send her an ordinary street dress and access- ories to go with it. Sophia was glad, for the clothes that were finally handed to her. She looked them over carefully first, half expecting to find some message in them, some word from Rhoda. But there was none. She realized, of course, that it might have been intercepted by the matron or almost any one whose hands the things passed through. She dressed, making herself as presentable as she could with the crude conveniences at hand. At nine, or thereabouts, she had been told, she would be taken to court for a preliminary hearing. Sophia had no clear idea of what to do. Her work on the paper had given her an idea of court procedure but her own case seemed so simple that it seemed almost superfluous to even take her to court. She would need no lawyer, be- cause she had no case to be plead. She would tell her story, and then, of course, they would release her and probably be a little ashamed of having held her overnight. There was a stirring in the cor- ridor. Sophia heard men's voices. "Fine hour to get up over some female that's been running wild!" "Sure it wasn't some female run- ning wild that made you want that 