Reckless Bride 39 eyes a little too friendly. Some- thing in their expression made my heart knock with sharp apprehen- sion. I hardened my face. "No, thank you." I shook my head so definitely that he shrugged, grinned knowingly and started back through the woods. I was frantic for them to be off. Shivering with chill and nervous- ness, I waited under the water until I heard their voices retreating through the trees, mingling pres- ently with the roar of a motor that soon died away in the distance. Like a flash, I was out of the pool, scrambling up the big rock where I had left my clothes. My hands were like ice after being in the cold water so long, but I managed to dress faster than I ever had in my life be- fore. My spirits rose like a bird as I snatched up the money from the sand and stuffed it down the neck of my sweater. How glad I was that I'd had the courage to earn it! Now, nothing could keep me from reach- ing Don before he sailed. Breathlessly, I began picking my way through the woods and soon found the tracks made by the movie people's car. Why on earth had I been so childishly self-conscious as to refuse a lift into the village? I wondered, running as fast as I could along the bumpy trail. But it was better that I had. I didn't dare leave any traces behind that could easily be followed! Once Miss Hill discovered my escape, she would lose no time in notifying Oliver. What he would do if he caught me this time, I didn't dare to think. All I knew was I had to get to Don before I could be traced there. Then, somehow, we could manage to outwit Oliver so he couldn't make trouble for Don. How, I didn't at- tempt to fathom out now. I was straining every ounce of energy on getting completely away from Hill- crest before I could be overtaken. The thick underbrush soon tore off my béret and I stuffed it in the pocket of my tweed jacket. Twice I turned my ankle on the rough ground as I ran, but I kept on, ig- noring the pain. Would I never reach the road? It seemed hours before I finally emerged from the last strip of woods and climbed over a stone fence onto the highway. Here it was smoother going. I tore down the steep road, my ears strained for the sound of a car pur- suing me. The road curved sharply and as I stumbled along, hopelessly con- fused, I saw a quarter of a mile ahead crossroads bristling with sign- posts. Could I ever make it? My breath was burning my throat like fire. My heart was a sharp knife in my side. But, doggedly, my feet kept pounding on, driven by the desperate need of reaching the vil- lage where I could get a train to New York. Or, better, still, there might be an airport near enough so I could get a plane. That blessed money! I could feel the wad of it pressing the flesh under my sweater like a soothing hand of encouraging help. As I reached the crossing at last, gasping, breathless, it seemed there was something strangely familiar about the place. And no wonder! A glance at the nearest sign told me I had stumbled onto the State high- way. This was the same route Don and I had come the night we had eloped from Betty's! We had passed by this very spot, little dreaming how soon we were to be torn from each other's arms. The agony of that night surged over me in a black tide. A sob ached in my throat. I couldn't see 