66 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine beautiful and she knew it. Dis- missing Yugi San, she turned proudly before the mirror, kicking aside the fascinating little fishtail train that swept the floor. The gown was demurely high in front, but low to the vanishing point in the back, revealing the smooth shoulders that hours with dancing masters and on horseback had given her. From head to foot she was chastely white, not a hint of color except her own gold-brown hair and carmine lips. She stretched luxur- iously, loving the feel of the stiff silk on her ivory body, wondering how certain slate-colored eyes would look when they saw her. There was a little cough at the door. "Dinner is served, Miss Paula." She jumped in amazement. A tall, black-haired butler stood there, im- maculate in evening clothes. "Benson!" Paula rushed to him in surprise. Benson, the substitute butler who had worked in her home when the regular man was ill. That strange ringing voice that sometimes cracked like a whip, sometimes stroked her like a caress! The puzzle which her mind had been trying to solve was suddenly clear. "You, Red, and the butler, Ben- son, are the same! You got that place in my home just to find out about me. Thinking you a servant, I never looked at you closely, but now I know! But the red hair-" "A red wig is the best disguise I know," he said. "People hardly look further than that. And I know lots about you. I've watched you come and go, listened to your telephone conversations. I've seen you going reluctantly to Monty Lewis's arms, and take his kisses coldly." "Ah," said Paula, "you cad!" "Forgive me. All part of my game." He stepped close to the taut little figure in the beautiful stiff dress, and his glance appraised her charm. "You don't love him," he said coolly. "You will never go back to him. Oh, I've seen you, in all sorts of garbs, in riding breeches, in lacy negligee. I've stood so close beside your chair when you dined, I could have laid my lips to your quivering shoulder." The strange thrilling voice was caressing now. "And I've had intimate glimpses, through half- opened doors of you, all dewy from sleep, cuddling against satin pillows for your breakfast in bed." Dazed, a warm riot of feeling coursing through her, Paula stood, powerless to move while he placed his hand, tinglingly magnetic, on the silky smoothness of her bare back. Two pair of eyes, startled, looked into each others. For a long mo- ment, they stood thus. "You see, I could have kidnaped you for quite another reason, if I let myself go. But my will shuts women out. Getting that money back is my one obsession!" His voice cracked again. He took his hand away, leaving Paula shivering. "After the job is over, you will be safe. No one will suspect you. And I shall disappear over the Mexican border. I know a place where neither car nor plane can follow. With a fast horse under me, and a jingle of spurs, I'll be gone, and you you will find Eric's arms waiting for you. Eric is a handsome blond devil, after all." After all! A little drearily, Paula's heart echoed the words. She could do worse, she thought, re- luctantly tearing her glance from the dashing Red. At least, Eric would always have money to take care of her, and if he asked her again to marry him, under a golden California moon- 