THE FRIEND IN NEED Department Conducted by Laura Alston Brown Mrs. Brown will be glad to solve in these pages problems on which you desire advice. Your letters will be regarded confidentially and signatures will be withheld. Although Mrs. Brown receives more letters than she can possibly print in the department, she answers all the others by mail. So, lay your problem before her with the knowledge that it will have her full attention. Address Mrs. Laura Alston Brown, Street &amp;Smith's Love Story Magazine,79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. IT is human to yearn for the spoken word of approval, love, appreciation, and praise from those who have it in their power to produce upon our heartstrings either sadness or happiness. Most men are apt to get plenty of attention from girls who love them. Most wives, too, do not neglect to make some outward show of approval of their husbands. And yet, many men seem to scorn the idea of re- ciprocating these same little ges- tures so dear to every woman's heart. When compliments and praise cease, and a woman is allowed to become starved for attention and the little niceties the man of her heart once showered upon her, dis- appointment in love is not far off. Dear Mrs. Brown: I'm a young mar- ried woman, not yet twenty-seven, and have been married six years. We have two darling children, a boy and a girl. My hus- band adores them, and so do I. The trouble is that although I think my husband loves me as much as he ever did, sometimes I am tempted to believe that most unhappiness in marriage is caused by the man taking his wife too much for granted. During the first three years of our mar- riage my husband used to pay me all sorts of compliments, the way he did when we were engaged. He'd notice if my hair was done differently, or when I had something new to wear, and was always interested in how I spent my time. He'd tell me I looked sweet, and even my culinary efforts weren't overlooked. But how different everything is now! I know he loves me, and yet he seldom notices what I wear, how I look, or cares where I go and what I do. It isn't as though I'd let myself go as some wives do. I am still considered very attractive, have naturally golden hair, blue eyes, use make- up, and dress well, if not better, than I used to before I was married. Of course, I long to be noticed, especially by Tom. I'm not so aged that I don't care whether or not he thinks I look nice. But I am losing heart, Mrs. Brown. Must a girl's sweetheart turn out to be such a flop after marriage when it comes to love- making? Why are men so blind once the girl they courted is tied to them for life? Sometimes I seem to be just about as ex- citing to him as a piece of furniture. My husband expects me to be interested in what he does, and to show him that I appreciate everything he does for me and the children. If I should ignore him as he does me, he at once thinks there is some- thing wrong with me. He seems to want me to think that his interests are of the greatest importance, and mine of none at all. 