126 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine wanted me to join him out there!" "Diane. How ridiculous!" Mrs. Trench moved quickly to her daugh- ter's side. She held a duster in her hand, following up the inequalities of the maid's work, and she seemed prepared to brush aside Diane's ambitions, which were quite as pre- posterous as dust on the Trench furniture. "You've been seeing too much of him, gadding about with him every morning, noon and night this week. He- he hasn t said any- thing?" she inquired anxiously. "Not quite!" "Oh. Not quite!"- cynically. "Diane, you're imagining things. You're reading into the affair what isn't there. Of course, it seems very romantic, his coming here like this, after you and he played together as children. As for the East- ridic- ulous!" Mrs. Trench moved further on in her vigorous attack of the furniture. She was a large woman, and handled everything with a sort of repressed fury. It was easy to see how she had brought her campaign with Stephen Trench to a victorious con- clusion, only two years after the death of his first wife, the mother of Diane. She was a good woman, efficient, in the main tolerant, but without imagination. She resented nothing in Stephen's first wife ex- cept a strain of romance, which she could neither equal nor understand. As for the East- it was in the East that Stephen had met Eleanor. Agnes Trench had resolutely set herself to crush a silly romanticism that threatened to crop up in Diane. Besides, how could any one see any- thing romantic in the East? It was a place not of romance, Mrs. Trench assured herself, but of fleas and privations, and heathen gods and snakes that got under one's bed a most uncomfortable place. Per- mit Diane to go East? Ridiculous! The telephone rang. "For you, Miss Diane." Mrs. Trench watched her daugh- ter go, listened but could hear noth- ing. Then Diane came back, her eyes large and troubled. "It was Robert. He's got word to go. He has to take the eleven-thirty train to-night. And he'll be busy until this evening. Oh, it's horrid- horrid." Mrs. Trench felt herself safe in offering motherly sympathy; in- wardly, she was highly relieved. "He'll be over this evening?" "Yes, mother. We'll go for a drive"- and sudden color stained her satinlike cheeks, her eyes be- came distant and her voice dreamy -"he'll tell me to-night." Mrs. Trench's voice sharpened. "To-night?" she said crisply. "Yes, of course. Now, let me see. How appropriate. A little farewell party for Robert. Ice cream, cake, flowers, and candles." "But, mother, we'd rather-" "There's Mrs. Prosser and Lu," counted Mrs. Trench quickly, "and Grandma Prosser, if her rheuma- tism's better. They all knew Robert as a boy, of course. And George Milson is sure to be there, so attentive to Lu, and such a nice young man." She sighed, then con- tinued hastily as Diane opened her mouth to speak. "And do look up Aunt Emily's number. I never can remember it. She and Uncle Albert, of course, must be asked." "But, mother-" "Diane, you're not going to be un- gracious when I'm only trying to do something nice and appropriate for Robert before he goes?" "N-no, mother." Mrs. Trench nodded approvingly and swept out of the room. Next to diplomacy, arrangements were 