Violet Eyes 103 open in the name of the law. The door swung open, and two police- men came into the room. "Your landlady says you just, used the phone," said one. "What number did you call, miss?" Mabrue simply stood and stared. "You called Mr. Norris and you, didn't know all calls to him were being traced, did you? Better come clean." Mabrue was fighting off faintness when Marge pushed aside the two men and rushed to her. Mabrue stopped fighting. Marge was giving her water when she struggled back to consciousness. "You two, scaring the poor kid," raged Marge. "What's-" "Sorry, but she's gotta come along with us." Mabrue went. So did Marge. In the station house Mabrue clung to Marge, shaken with terror, as she faced the officer in charge. Suddenly, terror left her. She drew herself up and looked at the man behind the desk. In a low, steady voice she said: "I have done nothing wrong. Why should I be afraid? What do you want with me?" "You'll know all about that when Mr. Norris gets here," she was told. "He is coming here? Oh, I can't stay! Let me go!" "Afraid you'll have to stay, miss," said the sergeant kindly. "I- oh, here he comes." She clung to Marge, quivering and shaken. "The young woman who phoned you is here, Mr. Norris," some one said. Then he was standing before her, his face white and haggard, his hands reaching out, taking hers. "Why, Mabrue," he said, with a laugh obviously forced. "I am sorry this happened." He turned from her bewilderment to the sergeant and said: "This young lady is my fiancée, officer. I-er-well, I tought she was out of town and did not expect her to phone. Of course, you didn't know this, and, with your orders to trace every call, you did only your duty. May I take her away now, sir?" "Why, of course, Mr. Norris," the sergeant said readily. Norman thanked him. He said softly to Mabrue: "I'll explain outside." "I', Marge, her best friend," put in a voice. "I'm tagging along to see that she gets a square deal. She's been crying her eyes out since Saturday, and I'm after the guilty one." "I'm the guilty one, Marge," Nor- man confessed gravely. "But-" "They've got a young woman at the Thirtieth Street station house, Mr. Norris," interrupted the ser- geant. "This is the right one. She talked ransom to Miss Norris, all right. I'll give you escort down there." Outside, Mabrue drew away from Norman, but he held her and said: "Diane didn't tell you that I was able to have our marriage anulled a month after it took place, did she? Well, I did. Mabrue, how could you doubt me? Darling, I love you. Will you marry me?" "Norman!" She raised a radiant face for his kiss. Norman's care followed the squad car as it raced downtown. "Don't mind me," said Marge "I'm the perfect chaperon-blind, deaf, and dumb." "also the perfect friend," added Norman. "I'll never forget that." "O.K.," said Marge, "but I'll call it square if you find out whether that red-headed cop who's leading us is married or not, and if not, fix 