Borrowed Man 59 with an embarrassed but delightful warmth. His arm tightened about her. Surely he cared- a little, anyway -maybe more than a little. Well, she would know on the way home to-night, perhaps. As they returned to their table, Merrilee felt a surge of gratitude to Nola. If it hadn't been for her, she might never really have known Harvey! She almost wanted to throw her arms around Nola's neck, and thank her. Instead, she smiled at her and exclaimed: "Nola, you're simply gorgeous in that dress! Isn't she beautiful?" Harvey and Dick Mills agreed. When the four finally trooped out of the Danube, all took the same cab. It was the natural thing to do, Merrilee realized, though she hadn't counted on it. Harvey was between Nola and her, and Dick faced them from one of the folding seats. Nola and Harvey had become en- gaged in some sort of banter, prob- ably over something they had dis- cussed while dancing together. Oc- casionally it included the other two, then something Nola would address directly to Harvey would claim his whole attention. A sudden displeasure shot through Merrilee. It was akin to jealousy. She resisted it, telling herself it was stupid. But as Nola continued to usurp Harvey's attention, she burned with resentment. In the foyer of their apartment building, Dick and Harvey said good night, with brief handshakes. Nola called after Harvey laugh- ingly, "Don't forget next Tuesday." "All right," he replied, striding out. A thousand needles pricked Mer- rilee: Her heart seemed to leap to her throat and fall back with a thud. In the elevator, Nola confided, smiling: "We're going to have dinner at Yesterday's Tavern." "Nice of him to ask you," Merri- lee replied. She hadn't meant to speak sharply, but something in her voice caused Nola to explain. "It was a sort of mutual invita- tion. I told him I'd heard of it but had never been there, and he said he'd take me. Why, do you mind? I mean, do you like him?" Merrilee couldn't reply. No words would fit. "Oh, of course you like him," Nola supplied, with innocence in her blue eyes and real sincerity in her voice. "But I know you don't like him too much. You can spare him. You still have plenty of oth- ers. He says so himself." "Yes," Merrilee choked. The elevator had stopped at her floor, and the operator was waiting for her to leave. She stepped out, almost stumbling, and hurried to the shelter of her apartment. All the loneliness of her months in New York suddenly crushed in upon her. Happiness had come so close and passed her by. She had had Harvey Tate's companionship just long enough to realize she loved him. And then Nola, who always had everything she wanted, got him, too. She couldn't blame Nola, though. She had handed him to her. She had virtually told them both to go ahead and care for each other! What a mess she had made of her own happiness, she thought dis- mally. The next evening, Nola stopped at her door for a minute. "I was talking with Harvey on 