160 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Dear Mrs. Brown: Why are men so easily deceived by women who have noth- ing to do but break up homes and enjoy themselves by vamping other women's hus- bands? I suppose mine can be considered an old story; but no matter how old the story is, it's usually new to the person who is on the wrong side of it. Six years ago I married a man I loved dearly; I still love him. He loved me at the time of our marriage, and for four years we were very happy. Then came promotion in his work, and a transfer to another branch of the business brought him in contact with women, and that's where the trouble started. The first thing he did was to begin to drink--just to be sociable, he said. Then he started to run around first with one woman and then another, lied about busi- ness engagements, and stayed out all hours of the night. We have no children, and I am glad of it now, because of what hap- pened. Then my husband began to complain when I wanted him to take me out. I thought it might be my fault, so I started to take an interest in the things I knew interested him, and kept my home in fine order. For a few months he forgot to com- plain, and then the same things began to happen again. One day he said he was going out of town on business, and hasn't returned. Of course, I don't mean that I haven't heard from him. I have: he arranged to send me an allowance, and I continue to live in our cozy little apartment. The worst of it all is that I love him dearly, and probably always will. He was the only man I ever cared for, and I know that a reconciliation is out of the question now. A wife seems to mean so little in a man's life. Are men not to be trusted with a woman's heart? I feel as if there is nothing for me to live for. I'm sure I can't love any other man. I've lived alone for almost two years now, and I feel worse all the time. Mrs. X. Tragic as it is, many compara- tively young women are confronted with an early marriage failure. Some wives may be partly to blame, some may not; but always, life must go on. And although it is much easier said than done, it is only logical that broken dreams should be shelved along with the other disappoint- ments Fate hands out to every one of us in one form or another. The most important thing for you to do now, my dear, is try not to sour on marriage, men in general, and the idea that life can hold noth- ing more for you. Such an outlook is apt to ruin your disposition, and unbalance your perspective. Living cooped up with your emotions, marring each day with old heartaches isn't going to help you get over the past. If another mar- riage is out of the question now, find other interests and gain the happy satisfaction that comes from accom- plishing something worth while. No matter what your disappoint- ments, you still have a life to live, and it is up to you as to how you're going to live that life. Whether it's going to be filled with misery, or made tolerable and purposeful, is for you to determine. I'm sure some of our readers will be glad to tell you how they've started another chapter in their own lives with a new grip on themselves. 