156 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine her lesson, and because I really cared for the girl, I saw no sense in bringing it up. It hurt me deeply to find this out about her, but I decided to forgive her and go on as before. Things ran along smoothly. I had several hundred dollars saved to start our home with, but the bank in our town closed up, and I don't know yet whether I'll ever get my money or not. When I went to see my fiancee she treated me very coldly. She said she was sorry this happened, but she behaved as if I were a stranger, and we quarreled. Then she became sweet again, but it didn't last. I hated to think that because I'd apparently lost my money, she didn't want to marry me. One day when we were quarreling I told her that I knew about her and this man. She said that I was very old-fashioned and jealous, and if I thought she was going to stay home waiting until I made more money and could take her places, I was mistaken. But the next day she wrote that she was sorry and didn't think what she was say- ing, and begged me to forgive her, which I did. A week or two after that she came to see my mother, who wasn't feeling well at the time. After she left our home, she went to see a cousin of hers who lived in the next block and spread the story that my mother was lazy because she didn't even try to serve my fiancee something to eat while she was there. However, once more I for- gave her. Then she wrote me that she didn't want to get married, and sent back the ring. Three weeks ago I saw an announcement of her engagement to another fellow. He is very well off financially, and can give her lots more than I could. I met her on the street after that, and she begged me to forgive her, but she wouldn't break up with this other fellow, she said, because he takes her out a lot. For the past two weeks I have been go- ing with another girl trying to forget, but I don't seem to be able to do that. This other girl has told me that she loves me, and wants to get married. She is very sweet, and thinks I feel about her as she does about me, but I hate to keep on de- ceiving her. I only told her I cared for her to find out how she felt about me. I really do think a great deal of her, and when we are together I don't feel so bad about, the other girl. In fact, I've almost decided to marry this girl because she be- lieves that I love her, and I wouldn't want to break her heart. My former fiancee knows I go with this girl, and says that if I take her back she will break with this fellow. Please tell me what to do, Mrs. Brown. My heart tells me to take her back, but my sense of honor, and common sense, tell me to marry the other girl who, I'm sure, wouldn't treat me like the first girl did. I often think that if I marry the second girl I'll be happy with her because she is so good and sweet. Disappointed Reader. Habits and points of view, as well as traits of character, are pretty well fixed before two people marry, and nothing is more foolish than to try to convince yourself that the person you're attracted to can make you happy, when the linger of bet- ter judgment points against it. Perhaps that is where the saying that love is blind comes into its own. The girl you've been engaged to has proved by her actions that she isn't quite worthy of your love, and if you give yourself a fair chance, you will, in time, become much more deeply attached to another girl; but I wouldn't advise you to marry a girl you know you don't love, even though she is sweet, and good, and sincere, and you feel that you may learn to return her affec- tion. You know the old saying about haste? My suggestion is that you do nothing for at least two or three years. Why? Because you're too young to really know your own heart and mind, though you may think you do, and because you're not in love with the girl you think you should marry. You should also have something set aside to start housekeeping on, and, above all, because you're upset, dis- appointed, and are not at all sure what you want to do. Let it all pass; make no rash de- cisions; waste no more time on the first girl; go on being friendly with 