ADVERTISING SECTION Kill Kidney Acids Don't Take Drastic Drugs You have 9 million tiny tubes or filters in your Kidneys, which are at work night and day cleaning out Acids and poisonous wastes and purifying your blood, which circulates thorugh your kidneys 200 times an hour. So it's no wonder that poorly functioning Kidneys may be the real cause of feeling tired, run-down, nervous, Get- ting Up Nights, Rheumatic Pains and other troubles. Nearly everyone is likely to suffer from poorly functioning Kidneys at times because modern foods and drinks, weather changes, exposure, colds, nervous strain, worry and over-work often place an extra heavy load on the Kidneys. But when your Kidneys need help, don't take chances with drastic or irritating drugs. Be careful. If poorly functioning Kidneys or Bladder make you suffer from Getting Up Nights, Leg Pains, Nervousness, Stiffness, Burning, Smarting, Itching Acidity, Rheu- matic Pains, Lumbago, Loss of Vitality, Dark Circles under the eyes, or Dizziness, don't waste a minute. Try the Doctor's pre- scription Cystex (pronounced Siss-tex). See for yourself the amaz- ing quickness with which it soothes, [t]ones and cleans raw, sore irritated membranes. Cystex is a remarkably successful prescription for poorly func- tioning Kidneys and Bladder. It is helping millions of sufferers, and many say that in just a day or so it helped them sleep like a baby, brought new strength and energy, eased rheumatic pains and stiffness made them feel years younger. Cystex starts cir- culating through the system in 15 minutes, helping the Kidneys In their work of cleaning out the blood and removing poisonous acids and wastes in the system. It does its work quickly and positively but does not contain any dopes, narcotics or habit- forming drugs. The formula is in every package. Because of its amazing and almost world-wide suc- cess the Doctor's Prescription known as Cystex (pronounced Siss-tex) is offered to sufferers of poor Kidney and Bladder functions under the fair-play guarantee to fix you up to your com- plete satisfaction or money back on return of empty package. It's only 3c a dose. Ask your druggist for Cystex today and see for yourself how much younger, stronger and better you can feel by simply cleaning out your Kidneys. Cystex must do the work or cost you nothing. City Health Doctor Praises Cystex Doctors and druggists everywhere approve of the prescription Cystex because of its splendid ingredients and quick action. For instance. Dr. W. R. George, graduate Med- ical Dept., University of Indiana, former Health Commissioner or Indianapolis, and Med- ical Director for insur- ance company 10 years, recently wrote the fol- lowing letter: "There is little ques- tion but what properly functioning Kidney and Bladder organs are vital to the health. Insuf- ficient Kidney excre- tions are the cause of much needless suffering with aching back, weak- ness, painful joints and rheumatic pains, headaches and a general run-down, ex- hausted body. This condition also in- terferes with normal rest at night by caus- ing the sufferer to rise frequently for relief, and results in painful excretion, itching, smarting and burning. I am of the opinion that Cystex definitely corrects frequent causes (poor kidney functions) of such con- ditions and I have actually prescribed in my own practice for many years past the same ingredients contained in your formula. Cys- tex not only exerts a splendid influence in flushing poisons from the urinary tract, but also has an antiseptic action and assists in freeing the blood or retained toxins. Be- lieving as I do that so meritorious a prod- uct deserves the endorsement of the Medical Profession, I am happy indeed to lend my name and photograph for your use in adver-tising Cystex." Signed W. R. George, M. D. BALD NO LONGER Mr. A. S. R. of New York City writes: "I had 3 bald spots the size of a half dollar. I used Japanese Oil for 3 months and now my bald spots are entirely covered With hair." JAPANESE OIL. the antiaeptic connter-irritant, is used hy thnuiutnds for baldneas. falling hair, looao finndrutT find Hcalp itch. I rico 60c. Economy mzo M. All dratrtriata. National Remedy Co., 56 W. 45th St., Dept SS. N. Y. FREE! interesting Booklet "THE TRUTH ABOUT THE HAIR" Prostate Sufferers An enlarged, inflamed or faulty Prostate Gland very often causes Lameback, Fre- quent Night Rising, Leg Pains, Pelvic Pains, Lost Vigor, Insomnia, etc. Many physicians endorse massage as a safe ef- fective treatment. (See Reference Book of the Medical Sciences, Vol. VII. 3rd edi- tion). Use "PROSAGER." a new inven- tion which enables any man to massage his Prostate Gland in the privacy of his home. It often brings relief with the first treatment and must help or it costs you nothing. No Drugs or Electricity. FREE BOOKLET EXPLAINS TRIAL OFFER. ADDRESS MIDWEST PRODUCTS CO., B-300, KALAMAZOO. MICH. DR. W. D. SMITH INVENTOR LEARN TO DRAW- beautiful girls' heads and figures for pleasure and profit. Be an artist and make big money. Amaz-ing NEW easy way quickly starts you. No experi-ence necessary. FIRST LESSON FREE Send name and address today and only 10c to cover mailing cost. TRY IT FREE. Towertown Studios, Dept. 10 111 North Canal St. Chicago, Ill. Employment for 500 Men at Once! A revolutionary Chemical Sponge has just been in- vented that cleans cars like magic. Banishes auto- washing drudgery. Also cleans linoleum, woodwork, windows without work! Auto owners and house- wives wild about it. The manufacturer wants 500 men and women at once to help him introduce this strange chemical sponge. He offers to send one on trial to the first person in each locality who writes him. Send in your name today- also ask for full particulars on how you can get the Agency and without experience or capital make up to $90 a week. Address: KRISTEE MFG. CO., 713 BAR ST., AKRON, OHIO Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 