76 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine ing smile when he finally opened the door and faced her with an embar- rassed grin. "I thought you were one of my creditors," he explained. "That's why I didn't come sooner." "I hope the surprise is a pleasant one." She was somewhat embar- rassed herself. He was handsome in a blond, clean-cut way, much hand- somer than she had realized. "That depends. What can I do for you, Miss-" "Goodhue- Serena Goodhue. I'll tell you if you'll ask me in." She smiled up at him. When they were seated in his plainly furnished apartment, Serena looked up to meet his puzzled gaze. "I'm waiting to hear why you came. I'm very busy, you see." He waved in the direction of the clut- tered work table. "You invent things, don't you?" Then, when he nodded, "That's why I think you'll do." "This is very mystifying. What can my inventions have to do with you?" "My uncle invents things, too. I want you to marry me." "Marry you!" he exclaimed. She laughed at the look on his face. "Only for a few weeks," she ex- plained hastily. "I've just received word that my uncle is very ill. I must leave for California to-morrow. I wrote him some time ago that I was bringing my husband back there with me, to settle down." "It should be an easy matter for you to find a husband. There are many eligible men in New York, and you are very beautiful." His glance was one of contempt mixed with admiration. "This is doubtless your idea of a joke, but I'm really not interested." He rose as if to end the interview. "It's not a joke, and I'm not in- terested in you, either- not really," she replied quickly. "The man I was engaged to jilted me. He mar- ried another girl a week ago." Her lips trembled. "I didn't tell Uncle John his name, and since my uncle can't live more than a few weeks longer, I thought maybe, for a thou- sand dollars, you'd marry me." "You didn't mention the thou- sand dollars. I might be interested, after all." "It's strictly a business proposi- tion," she said coldly. "I thought you might help to make Uncle John's last days happier, since you're both interested in the same thing." He eyed her steadily. "No doubt you're still in love with the man who jilted you. Why don't you tell me your real reason for making this proposition? You want to save your face with your friends here in New York, isn't that it?" Serena felt the angry color rise in her cheeks. "Yes, I still love him. I'll always love him. Maybe I do want to save my face, as you put it. But that isn't my real reason for asking you to marry me. Please believe that." He rose to stand in front of her, his arms folded across his chest. Looking up at his lean, athletic fig- ure in worn gray tweeds, Serena was suddenly ashamed. Here was a man who took his work seriously, who lived for an ideal! Perhaps she was missing something, after all. "You don't know the meaning of the word love," he told her gruffly. "You're selfish and self-centered, like the rest of that bunch you run around with. I know what you are- calling yourselves artists as an excuse to ignore the conventions, posing as the real things, when you're nothing but imitations!" "I didn't come here to be in- 