Fires Of Love 65 great black dog was merely menac- ing his vanquished foe. She raced across to the bunk where Red lay, and began to work furiously. Once Red opened his eyes and tried to mutter a protest. "Leave me! You--the dogs-" But he lay still and silent when she lifted him into the sled. Then they were again flying through the storm. Red had said that his dogs knew the trail to the mine. Gloria, alternately running behind and balancing on the tiny platform, tried to realize that this was not just a terrible dream. It was reality! Some- where in that whirling dark- ness ahead, her father lay, perhaps dying. But the thing that brought a sob to her trembling lips was the glint of that white, still face, almost at her feet. "Red, Red!" she whispered unsteadily. "I do love you! Why didn't I know it in time?" The roar of the blizzard, and occasionally the sharp yelp of one of the malemutes. On and on, till Gloria believed time had ceased and eternity had begun. Nothing but black swaying trees, and then- "Mush, Tillicum! Mush, Juno! Mush, you rascals; there are the lights!" Gloria cried. She sat in a warm, tastefully fur- nished room in Doctor Tolliver's log house. The tall, ruddy-faced mine physician was bending over the bed. He turned and looked wonder- ingly at Gloria. "Gloria, lass, I don't see how ye did it! Red'll weigh one hundred and eighty, if he weighs a pound! Ye must have muscles of steel un- der that soft, warm flesh!" Gloria shook her head impa- tiently. "Never mind me," she whispered huskily. "Is he--is Red-" "It's only the good that die young, my dear," Doctor Tolliver said mischievously. "He'll be con- scious any time, now." Gloria stood up. Her face was radiant. "And dad's coming along all right?" she asked. "He's doing as well as ye can ex- pect. It'll be a good four weeks be- fore he gets the use of his legs." Gloria, stood looking down at the man in the bed. Her face had in it a light that made the old Scotch doctor shake his head and smile a bit wistfully. "Do ye really love him?" Doctor Tolliver asked in a voice that was almost a whisper. "Love Red? I love him so that I'm going to stay up in this terrible country, just to be with him, al- ways!" The old doctor carefully removed his glasses and wiped them. "Then I'll let ye into a bit of a secret," he said. "The young rascal came up here five years ago from the States. The next year up comes LS-5A 