Forgotten Bride 53 Dawn began to cry, harsh, jerky sobs. She felt like a rag wrung dry --miserable, forlorn. She wanted to die. "I hate Jack Laird!" she choked. "I hate him!" Phil patted her shoulder in awkward comforting. "You're a square-shooter!" he said. "I don't blame you for hating him, but you sure saved his life and hers!" And he added in awed admira- tion: "The nerve of Laird! Kissing Poke's wife under old Poke's very windows! Sure wish I had his nerve! Heaven knows I'm going to need it." He drove for a while in silence, his eyes on the road before him, his lips sober. At last he said: "Dawn, you know all right, that I'm in a mess, and I think you know by this time, what it is or guess. It's drugs." And looking down at her pinched, white face, he said pity- ingly: "Heaven knows you've got troubles enough of your own, you poor kid, but, maybe listening to mine will help you forget them. I've got to tell some one or burst! "It was that Dopey kid you saw to-night who got me started. You see, he comes from the same town I do. I've known him all my life. My folks knew his mother before him. Kind of a relative of ours, in a way. She took dope before he was born. They'd no business send- ing him away to a school like this. He--he came to me here, crazy for the stuff--mad for it. Got down on his knees and begged me to get him some, I did. I knew a guy in town who peddled it, and I got it for him. Oh, I'm not trying to excuse my- self, Dawn. I know it's a rotten racket. I know there's no excuse, but the guy who sold the stuff to me was crazy to get into the college trade, and I--I was crazy for money. Money to make myself a big shot for Det. He gave me the money and I delivered the goods. Peddling dope- Well, I'm tell- ing you, gal, it's a darned sight easier game to get into than it is to get out of. Take it from me." Dawn touched his hand with hers. She said: "I'm sorry, Phil. I--I can't tell you how sorry I am." And then, she forgot him, for her own trouble was too great and too near. "Jack and Poke Brian's wife! Jack and Poke Brian's wife!" The words were a hum in her ears, a drone to the drone of the engine. At the curb before the house at last, Phil stopped. He said: "Well, here we are." At the sound of his voice, and the harsh rasp of his brakes, two people, kissing in the shadow of the veranda steps, broke apart. The girl swung toward them, the door light, white on her face. It was Det. Seeing Phil, her face tightened for an instant, set in stern young lines. But only for an in- stant, then, with a taunting laugh, she waved at him, and ran through the door. Phil's mouth twisted into a grotesque mockery of an answering smile. He tried to speak and groaned. Shaken out of her grief, Dawn stared up at him, shocked at the lost misery of his eyes. He put his arm about her. "I'm a rotter. I'm a no-good. I deserve what Det's handing me, but it hurts. I--I wish you'd kiss me good night, Dawn. I'm so unhappy." Dawn said, "I'm unhappy, too, Phil," and lifted her face to his, and they kissed, seeking comfort from each other, sharing each other's misery. Then, Dawn climbed wearily out. "So long, Phil." And Phil an- swered: "I'll be seeing you," and stepped on the gas. 