Borrowed Man 55 couldn't. She'd been afraid of it, from the moment she received Nola's letter saying she was coming to New York for a two-month's pleasure stay. And when Nola an- nounced she was taking an apart- ment in the same building as Mer- rilee's, the thing had become cer- tain. Well, it was her own fault. Merri- lee realized that. She shouldn't have written those letters to Nola and her other friends back in Mill- ingham, giving such a gilded picture of the good times she was having. "I go out three or four nights a week with the most wonderful men," she had written. Nola, tucking away a stack of lingerie- what clothes the girl had! was saying now, "I'm anxious to meet some." Merrilee choked out a reply, she hardly knew what. She was almost on the verge of confessing the truth. But, great grief, how would it sound? "Those letters about the good times," she'd have to say, "weren't true. I haven't been going out at all. Plenty of men have asked me, but they aren't the sort of men I like, so-" Oh, gosh, that would just sound like sour grapes. And think what Nola,would write to the folks back in Millingham! Nola was a good friend all right, but not such a good friend that she wouldn't take a gos- sipy delight in writing: What do you think! The wonderful times Merrilee has been telling about, are all just dreams. She never sees a soul. She claims she doesn't like the men who've asked her out. To hear her tell it, there are hundreds. But she couldn't get even one for a little party I was having. It's a pity, too, because she's such a sweet girl. Merrilee could almost see that letter. She could hear the shocked but eager exclamations of sympathy back in Millingham. Sympathy! She gritted her teeth at the idea. "I- I think I'd better be getting down to my apartment," she stam- mered. "It's about bedtime. "Why, it's only ten o'clock, Mer- rilee!" "I know. But I- I was out so late last night." In her single room, which seemed unusually cramped after the luxury of Nola's suite, she tried to think of a way out of her embarrassment. It was almost as bad as those days back in Millingham, before she started earning her own money, when she never had the right clothes. Finally she went to bed, the unsolved problem haunting her. At the office next morning, when- ever an ebb in the work permitted personal thought, it was still a taunt. Of course she might get Henry Powell, who had asked her for dates three or four times. But she never had felt like going any- where with him, and she shuddered at the notion of presenting him in his trick clothes and trick manners to Nola and her friends, as one of the wonderful men she had met in New York! Tapping a list of purchase orders awaiting her check-up, she staged a mental review of the other men who might be available. There was Mr. Harbor, old enough to be her great- uncle; Murray Phillips, so boring that he could make five minutes seem an hour; Max Burton; Jimmie Keel- No, they were all impos- sible! It was hard to believe that one girl could attract such a gallery of ineligibles. Of course, she hadn't had much opportunity to meet New York men, except here in the office. And it just happened that none were very desirable- except Harvey 