Your Stars And You 143 your speech, especially with those in supe- rior positions. Socially and emotionally, the week will be a pleasant one. Work diligently and constantly. If born between June 7th and 16th, you will find the week upsetting and annoying. But you will see opportunities and be able to act efficiently. Do not scatter your forces. Think sanely and do not be impulsive. Sift your values. June 21st and July 21st (Cancer) -Cancerians born between June 24th and July 2nd will find their minds responding efficiently this week. Inspirational and creative thinking will bring results. So- cially, the week will not live up to expecta- tions, but you should be thinking of im- portant things and should capitalize upon your commercial talents at this time. If born between July 6th and 14th, there will be changes and irritations and some annoy- ance with various factors of your exist- ence. Do not allow your feelings to rule you. Keep on the job and convert your energy into constructive effort. July 21st and August 22nd (Leo) -Leo people born between July 24th and August 1st must be careful in their rela- tions with their fellow men this week, par- ticularly with the opposite sex. Financial conditions related to partners will be a source of worry. Postpone important deci- sions this week, if possible. If born be- tween August 6th and 14th, you will be restless and desire change, but this is not the proper time to make vital adjustments. Do not argue with any one about anything. Try to be patient with restrictions. August 22nd and September 23rd (Virgo) -Virgo people born between August 25th and September 3rd will find the trend of their life this week extremely annoying. You will have to be very cautious with the written and spoken word. Do not allow your imagination to run riot and erect fears about nonexisting conditions. Determine to be calm, logical, and balanced. If born between September 8th and 17th, you should not be too critical at this time. You will have an unusual amount of energy and you are likely to be too impulsive. Make adjustments and changes which are neces- sary for improving your welfare, but deter- mine to live quietly, harmoniously, and efficiently. Do not forget the necessity of duty, regardless of your personal feelings. September 23rd and October 22nd (Libra) -Librans born between September 25th and October 3rd will have a fairly pleasant week, socially and personally, but unless you make a strenuous effort, the results you desire will not be forthcoming. Rely upon your intuition and inspiration. If born between October 6th and 14th, you may expect radical changes. Live quietly and accept the readjustments gracefully. You will have to sift your values and ac- cept a new attitude upon life. Petty things will annoy you this week, but keep plug- ging, if you expect to further your interests. All Librans will have to forgo personal pleasure at this time in order to execute their jobs well. October 22nd and November 21st (Scorpio) -Scorpio people born between October 25th and November 2nd will find their minds very alert and efficient this week. Solve problems related to children and those in your charge. Avoid the opposite sex as much as possible. Live quietly and seriously. Stay on the job. Protect your health. If born between November 8th and 16th, you will find it difficult to follow routine and will wish to sacrifice commer- cial interests to your desires and impulses a course most inadvisable. This is a vital week. Keep your temper. Do not be sar- castic. Be constructive. November 21st and December 20th (Sagittarius) -Sagittarians born between November 24th and December 2nd will find the week irritating and petty matters annoying. Be careful of the written and spoken word. Take your pleasures seriously and enjoy yourself, but be sure that you watch your health and obtain enough rest. Relaxation is good for you at this time, but you will have to work hard and live moderately if you wish to further your interests. If born between December 7th and 14th, this is a restless period, but your basic influences are excellent and you must stay on the job if you wish to accomplish anything at all. You will have much energy at this time; conserve some of it. December 20th and January 15th (Capricorn) Capricornians born between December 24th and January 2nd will find their minds responding efficiently this week. It is a productive week for those engaged in cre- 