142 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine where, and especially those who live in this State. My favorite hobby is collect- ing pictures of movie stars. Marylander. Ula can talk on almost any sub- ject. Dear Miss Morris: Will you please help me find some Pen Pals? I'm a girl twenty years of age, live in California, and would like to hear from girls far and near. I'm interested in dancing, sewing, reading, and can talk on almost any subject. I'll be a sincere friend. Girls, please write to me. Ula. She spends her summers in Maine. Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of nineteen, and a recent high-school gradu- ate. I have traveled some, and spend my summers in Maine. I like to read, dance, sew, collect souvenirs and photographs of all kinds, and I also enjoy sports. Girls, let's get acquainted! Truly Yours. This'Pal enjoys gay pleasures. Dear Miss Morris: Please help me find some Pen Pals. I'm a young man of twenty-four, very broad-minded, interested in everything and every one. My main hobbies are dancing and singing, and I al- ways enjoy a good show, or a lively radio program. I would like to hear from Pals who live on Long Island or in New York. I promise to answer all letters. Web. Don't fail to write to Greenfield Mrs. Dear Miss Morris: I like to write let- ters and make new friends; and hope that many who read my plea will not hesitate to drop me a line. I'm a young married woman of twenty-six, live in Massachu- setts, although I was born in New Jersey. I have two children, and my husband is a salesman. When he is away, and the chil- dren are in bed, I have lots of spare time to write letters. Here's hoping some of you will not fail to write. Greenfield Mrs. A Pen Pal from British Guiana. Dear Miss Morris: Do you think any one would care to correspond with a fifteen- year-old girl living in British Guiana? I have very few friends and get terribly lonely. I have black hair, brown eyes, love to swim, and am considered a good sport. I'm always jolly and have a good time wherever I go. I will be glad to exchange snapshots, and promise prompt replies to all letters received. Theresia. Accept Jolly Toots's offer of friendship. Dear Miss Morris: May I join your Corner? I would love to hear from girls nineteen years of age or older. I am a girl of nineteen, with brown hair and gray eyes. I promise to answer all letters, and will be very glad to tell all about myself in my first letter. I enjoy dancing, sports, and making friends. Well, girls, who's go- ing to write? Jolly Toots. He's good-natured and congenial. Dear Miss Morris: May I enter your Corner with an earnest request for Pen Pals? I'm a young man in my twenties, good-natured, congenial, fond of music, art, and books. I also enjoy sports. I will ex- change snapshots, and promise faithfully to answer all letters received. Rayton. Maris is at home in the kitchen and garden. Dear Miss Morris: I am a brown-eyed country girl of twenty-two, enjoy sports, cooking, baking, and gardening. I am anx- ious to hear from Pen Pals everywhere, and especially those living in Wyoming and Ari- zona. I have my own camera, and prom- ise to exchange snapshots with any one. I will answer all letters promptly. Maris. Here's a Pal who's interested in England. Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl almost twenty years of age, interested in books, pets, dancing, and traveling. I would love to visit England, but since that is not pos- sible, perhaps some English girl who reads this will drop me a line. However, that does not mean I will not enjoys hearing from girls everywhere. I will gladly ex- change snapshots. So come on, Pals, and let's get acquainted. Evlynn. Find out more about this friendly Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I would like to correspond with Pen Pals far and near. I'm a young married woman of twenty- three, will exchange snapshots and promise 