136 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine fireplace when she stumbled into the warm, bright living room. "We'd given you up," Grace cried. "Did you have a breakdown or did the fog delay you?" "It was the fog," Eloise explained after she was seated, shivering, be- fore the fire, telling them about the trip. She omitted only the impor- tant detail that she was hopelessly in love with a sort of glorified chief clerk, whose name she had learned only fifteen minutes before. This information she imparted to Grace later, when Grace was curled up in bed under a woolly comforter, while Eloise cold-creamed her face and unpacked. "You're plain crazy!" Grace ex- claimed. "You know you wouldn't dare marry him; you'd ruin both your lives. Your worlds are too far apart. You've just gone absurdly romantic. Next week, on the boat, you'll be having an exciting flirta- tion under a tropic moon and forget Stephen. To-night I think you've got a touch of fog on the brain." Eloise gave her a disgusted look. "And the week after that, she stormed, mother'll be trying to marry me off to that Count Belfern we met in Palm Beach last spring. He's meeting us in Honolulu. And I'll be causing mother headaches and no end of woe, because if ever I did have the idea, that I might marry him, and pay his bills, and add new distinction to his ancestral castle, it's all off now. Since I've met Stephen and learned about real love, I wouldn't marry a prince with a throne in the immediate offing." "You're being a little ridiculous, Elose. Besides, do you want to break your parents' hearts?" "Their hearts won't break and you know it, Grace. Only their ego would be hurt if I marry, as they'd say, beneath me. They want, me to make a brilliant match; to uphold the family name and all that. But I don't care a snap about such things, now. I want to exercise my right to choose my own future. Mother and dad had their choice. Now I'm going to make mine." "But don't forget," Grace per- sisted, "that you've deliberately de- ceived Stephen. And another thing, he might not relish the idea of being just a rich girl's husband." "That's what's bothering me most right now," Eloise admitted. "How- ever, dad may disinherit me." "I doubt it," Grace said de- cisively. "He may threaten to do so and stage a few wild gestures, and then relent. But even so, there's the cool million or so your grandmother left you outright. What would you do about that?" "Heavens!" cried Eloise in dis- may. "Honestly, Grace, I forgot all about that! Suppose it would be a stumbling block. Still, we could put it in trust or whatever it is people do for their children, or keep it for our old age. Or, if Stephen is hope- lessly proud and set, we could give it to some charity or whatever Stephen advises for getting rid of it." Grace sniffed and shook her head dismally. "You are sunk. If you actually think you could live on a clerk's earnings, I give up. It's no use arguing. But don't tell me a year or two from now that I didn't warn you," she advised solemnly. "Then you and Jim won't give me away, but you'll let me tell him after he- after he tells me what I think he s going to," exclaimed Eloise a bit incoherently and with slightly less assurance. What if he really wasn't as serious as she'd thought? Or suppose he saw everything differently in the morning. She felt a little panicky. 