100 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine you're happy, so am I. I think he is very nice." "Nice!" Thelma echoed. "He's wonderful. He's the man I've been waiting for!" The next mor[ni]ng when she dressed for breakfast, she looked for- ward joyously to seeing Stephen. She saw Philip eating alone and waved a friendly greeting. No doubt Stephen would come in any moment. But the moments dragged by and there was no sign of him. She went over to Philip's table and asked: "Where's Stephen?" "He packed and left for Chicago early this morning," Philip informed her. "Oh!" she gasped, staring at him with incredulous eyes. "Do you mean that he has gone away and won't come back?" Philip nodded his head. "I tried to reason with him, but it was no use. He can't drive Natalie Fulton out of his mind. And what she did to him has poisoned him against all girls. I'm sorry, Thelma." "Thanks," she said, blinking her eyes. She returned to her table and in answer to her mother's question, told her what had happened. "But I can't understand," Mrs. Huston declared. "You gave me the im- pression last night that you were in love with him and that he was in love with you. Why should he run away without saying good-by?" Thelma's bright-red lips twisted sadly. Briefly she told her mother the truth of her first encounter with Stephen and of the scheme, of which she was not so proud, whereby she had gotten admittance to his cabin with her mother. Because of her daughter's keen distress, Mrs. Huston readily for- gave her. "I noticed that he acted perturbed," she said, "but I thought it was due to shyness. However, I don't approve of your running after him. And apparently he doesn't either. Why not forget him? There are so many other men. If you sent a telegram to Larry, he'd come out here on the first plane." "But I don't want Larry." Her eyes filled with tears. "I want Stephen." She sat around the cabin that morning as if in a daze. His ab- sence had left a terrible emptiness in her heart. Within her there was a mad desire to go after him. But he was so far away and she dared not desert her mother. It was going to be torture stay- ing here day after day, week after week, while he took up his life again in Chicago where there would be many things to remind him of Nata- lie's treachery and to steel his heart against love. What chance did she stand if he was determined not to come back to the ranch, determined not to set eyes on her again? She took up with Philip because she was lonely, because he was nice and because through him she hoped to hear of Stephen. Philip received mail from Chicago regularly, but Thelma's name was never men- tioned. "All he does," Philip informed her, "is stay home and read when he gets through at the office. It looks as if he is practicing to be a bachelor. Gosh, I could ring Natalie's neck. Steve is a swell fellow. Hasn't an enemy in the world. And now he's living the life of a hermit. I wish I could shake him out of it." So did Thelma. She felt that there was love behind that kiss which he had given her. Love that he was trying to stifle. In time, she feared, she would become just a vague memory to him. But how could she bring him back? 