22 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Saturdays he wants me to be King Louis again! He s afraid I'll get high-hat or something, I guess." Derek's voice was lilting with happi- ness. "Oh!" said Fran. She drew away slightly. "So you're going back to being the sort of man that's a mil- lion miles above me!" she said. "I- I'm glad for you, Derek. Awfully glad. Only-" Her voice broke. "Only you're going to hate being married to a mere business man?" Derek's lips lingered on hers. "Is that what you're trying to tell me?" "Married?" quavered Fran. "I couldn't tell you how much I loved you. I couldn't ask you to be my wife, not when I didn't have a penny to my name. But now I'm a plutocrat- Oh, Fran darling, you ve got to marry me. I love you so. I want you so. I need you so!" he finished in a low voice. Fran s lips quivered against his. "Of course I'll marry you!" she sobbed. "I've adored you, since the very first minute you came into the store." Derek chuckled. "I'll bet that newspaper article will bring a lot of trade to the museum! Too bad we won't be there to see! I've left Pete in charge." He tilted Fran's chin with his forefinger. "Powder your pretty little nose, sweet! Uncle Laurence is waiting for us to have luncheon with him at the Ritz. Then we can go and get married. How would that program suit you?" "Anything!" Fran exclaimed. "So long as we're together!" Derek van Erp found that such a satisfactory answer that he almost forgot to give her the box he had in his coat pocket. "Six pairs of cobweb stockings, darling!" he said gleefully. "Bought with an advance on my salary! These stockings are your own, sweet. They don't belong to Marie Antoinette!" "I adore you!" repeated Fran. Their lips met in a long, long kiss. LOVE'S SURETY MOONLIGHT and a midsummer night, And a garden full of flowers, All filled with the mystic light Found only in love's bowers. Crickets and katydids chirping love From every flower's chalice, For it makes for them a leaf above And a bloom below, a palace. My lips against your throat so white, Your arms around me pressing, Give promise of a love whose might Does not keep me guessing. Emma Upton Vaughn. 