Try Some of These Remarkable Seed Novelties JAPANESE ROSE BUSHES The Wonder of the World Japanese Rose Bushes bloom all the year round. Just think of it. Six weeks after planting the seed, the plants will be in full bloom. It may not seem possible, but we posi- tively guarantee It to be so. They will bloom every ten weeks, Summer or Winter, and when three years old the bush will be a mass of roses bearing from five hundred to a thousand roses on each bush. The flowers are in three shades -white, pink, and crimson. The plants will do well both in and out doors. We guarantee at least three bushes to grow from each packet of seed. Price, lOc packet, 3 pkts. for 25c postpaid. Chinese Fragrant Tree Fern Just Introduced; noted for its rapid growth. An ex-ceptionally pretty orna-menial plant. Foliage is rich dark green. Forme Brand pyramidal bushes about 5 feet high. Braches very desirable for decorative purposes, wreathe, etc. Seeds I5c pkt., 3 for 40c. Weather Plant NATURE'S WEATHER PROPHET By mysterious changes that take place,this remarkable plant accu- rately forecasts tbe weather many hours in advance. Will grow anywhere all the year around. An interesting house plant. Bears large, fragrant, pink, butterfly shape flowers. Seeds, 15c packet, 3 for 40c, postpaid GROUND ALMONDS Amazingly Prolific- Easily Grown From Seed The Ground Almond has a flavor that is MOST EXCELLENT, resembling the cocoanut. The meat is snow white, covered with a shell or skin of brown color. It grows close to the surface and anything from 200 to 300 Almonds may be execpted from a single nut. There is no trouble whatever in growing any where and in any kind of soil. May be planted any time, ana in eight or ten weeks from time of planting you will have an ENORMOUS CROP of the MOST DELI-CIOUS ALMONDS YOU EVER TASTED. Seeds I5c.Pkt. Perfume Plant Blooms only at night. giving forth the most delight-ful scented fra- grance for quite a distance. Causes lunch comment. For house or garden. Also valuable because of rare perfume made from it. SEEDS, 1Oc pkt, 3 for 25c Calabash or Pipe Gourds A luxuriant and rapid growing climber; thrives any-where. Produces the orna-mental gourds from which the famous African calabash pipes are made. Grow this in-teresting vine and make your own. Seeds, with instructions, I5c pkt., 3 for 40c. SENSITIVE PLANT Marvel of the Philip- pines. Leaves curl,fronds droop when touched. Apparently resents interference. A handsome shrub for house or garden; very curious and interest- ing. Seeds, I5c pkt., 3 for 40c. Japanese Nest Egg Gourd Very curious. Produces fruit same size, shape and color of nest eggs. Matured fruit does not crack. Will serve for years as a nest egg, stocking darner, ornamental purpose etc. Seeds 15c pkt.,3 for 4Oc J.S &amp;CO. Mammoth Peanuts Peanuts can be easily cultivated. Their culture is very simple and exceedingly interesting. Mammoth Peanuts grow to an astonishing size. It is a good pro-ducer. very prolific. and the giant nuts have a thick, heavily ribbed protecting shell. The plant is very attractive, the leaves being of odd shape and a handsome green shade, tinted through the center with white. You will derive much pleasure cultivating this interesting species. Seeds 15c pkt., 3 pkts. for 40c. Musk Plant A universally ad-mired favorite for house, flower garden or green- house. A very fine house plant. Lives for years. Is of the sweet scented variety, giving forth much fragrance. Also valuable on ac- count of the perfume that can be made from it. Seeds 15c pkt., 3 for 40c. Japanese Climbing Cucumber Unusually strong and vig-gorous growing vine. Attains twice the size of ordinary va-rieties. Grows readily on fences, poles, terllises, etc.One hill will keep an entire family supplied all summer. Seeds I5c packt, 3 for 40c, postpaid. GIGANTIC NEW GUINEA BUTTER BEANS THE NEW EDIBLE VEGETABLE WONDER Grows to an astonishing size, the Beans measuring ft from 5 to 6 feet long, and weighing anything from 10 to 16 lbs. and even more. One Bean is suffiencent for a family for several meals. Very palatable and rich in nutritious materials. The dellecate Buttery Flavor is much appreciated. The Vines are easily grown, very prolific, and a most welcome and val- uable adjunct to your garden. Try them; you will find them the most delicious vegetable you have ever tasted. Imported direct. Unobtainable else- where. Sample package of Seeds with full direc- tions for cultivating and cooking. 25c, postpaid. Kudzu Vine Most rapid growing vine known. Will grow 20 feet In one week. Luxuriant foliage; lovely purple flowers, very fra-grant. Nothing to equal it for shade purposes and quick growth. 15c packet, 3 for 40c. Yard Long Bean Produces enormous crop of long, slen-dor, round pods, of excellent quality for snap beans. Pods grow from 2 to 6 feet in length. Very tender and fine flavor. The vines are rampant growers; an inter-esting curiosity. Seeds 15c pkt., 3 for 40c THE REMARKABLE FIREFLY PLANT A Vine that Blooms at Night Fills the Atmosphere with Fragrant Aroma One of the most rapid growing vines known. Under favor-able conditions this vine has been known to grow OVER 25 FEET IN A SINGLE WEEK. In a very short space of time Indeed the Vine has climbed to a great height, and is covered with IMMENSE FLOWERS, from 5 to 7 inches in diameter. It is, indeed, a great novelty, for, unlike other plants, the flowers OPEN IN THE EVENING, and remain open until about noon tho following day. In dull weather they will re-main open all day. It is a most INTERESTING SIGHT to watch the opening and closing of the flowers as the clouds appear and disperse. As the flowers open they give forth the most DELIGHTFUL AROMA and the whole atmosphere around is full of scented fragrance. It is always the object of favorable comment, and much curiosity is aroused by peo-ple passing at night time as to the cause of the charming aroma, frequently stopping in on endeavor to satisfy their cariosity. PRICE. 19 CENTS packet, two packets for for 35 CENTS. POSTPAID. JOHNSON SMITH &amp; CO. The Great Wonderberry A luscious berry that may be grown and ripened from seed in any soil or climate in 3 months.The flavor is fine and un-surpassed for eating raw, cooked,canned or preserved in any form. The fruit is blue-black in color, and tastes like a luscious, rich blueberry. One bush will produe an enourmous amount of fruit, yilding great masses of rich fruit all Summer and Fall. Packet, 10c, 3 pkts. for 25c, postpaid. Shoo Fly Plant A very remarkable Bot-anical curiosity you should have. Though quite odor-less it is said flies will not remain in a room were it is grown. Bears very pretty blossoms; blooms summer and winter. Grows rapidly from seed. SEEDS 15c pkt.; 3 for 40c, postpaid. Banana Musk Melon Quite a curiosity. Looks and smells like a banana. Peculiar shape and its delicious flavor make it well worth your while cultivating. Flesh is deep and of exquisite flavor. Very high prices are obtained in choice city markets as high as a dollar sometimes being de-manded for one single specimen. Seeds 10c, 3 pkts. for 25c. The Great Japanese Umbrella Palm A Graceful Hous or Conservatory Plant Easily Grown From Seed Winter or Summer The Japanese Umbrella Palm is a semi-aquatic plant. It is easily grown from seed either in a bowl of water or in very damp soil. Probably the most usual, as well as the most interesting method, is to cultivate the plant in a bowl or jardiniere filled with water, with two or threo inches of good garden soil at the bottom. The needs soon commence to germinate, and the plant shoots up stems two to three feet high and rapidly assumes a most pretty palm-like appearance, as shown in the engraving. The tops of the stems are surmounted by a whorl of um-brella-shaped leaves, of a waxy appearance. We will send a package of this seed, with full instructions for culture, for only 15c or three packets for 40c postpaid. Butterfly's Own Bush This plant is a veritable refuge or haven for but-terflies, and is attracts all the most beautiful types of butter-flies to the neigh-borhood. Bees,too, are very fond of it. It is a pretty plant bearing perfectly double flowers, ranging from white to rich crimson, deep red and pink, lilac and other delicate shades. Packet lO cents, 3 for 29 cents postpaid. CACTUS FROM SEED Very curious, odd looking, strange spe- cies of plants; will thrive anywhere with little or no care. Flow- ers are of exquisite beauty and delight- fully fragrant. You will be astonished at the odd looks of the Cacti just sprouting. Packet, lO cents. three packets for 25 cents postpaid. FERN SEED Ferns can be grown from seed. Try your luck growing these beau- tiful plants for indoors or outdoors. Choicest mixed varieties. Packet 1Oc., 3 for 25c. FAMOUS MEXICAN FIREFLY PLANT Beautiful hedge plant, grows 2to 2 1/2 feet high and resem- bling a closely clip- ped ornamental ev- ergreen. The globe-shape or pyramidal bushes are close and compact, and of a pleasing light green color. May be grown singly or in the form of a hedge or background. In early autumn the whole bush becomes carmine or blood red, hence the name of Mexican Fire Plant, or "Burning Bush." ans it is sometimes called. Selected Seeds. 10c Asparagus Sprengeri The best plant for hanging baskets. Mas- ses of rich, gleaming foli- age droop in a very graceful manner. The fo- linge when cut for decorative purposes will last for weeks in water. The seed pods are very pretty red berries adding to its beauty. Packet, 25c, 3 pkts. for 65c postpsld Chinese Cabbage Novelty from China and should be grown in every garden. Seems to be a cross between Celery and Cos Let- tuce. Flavor is more mild than any other cabbage. Can be served on the table and eaten raw or cooked like cabbage, spinach or lettaoe or made into salad. Grows very rapidly, easy to cultivate. You can create quite a sen-sation by cultivating this remarkable novelty. Seeds, 15c packet, 3 pkts. for 40c. TREE OF HEAVEN This splendid orna-mental tree is a native of China and is called the Tree of Heaven, on account of its neat beauty. Very hardy, thrives ia any soil, no matter how poor, and grows from 6 to 10 feet high from seed the first sum-mer. The leaves are from 5 to 6 feet in any length, giving it a grand appearance. Nothing outside the tropics can rival it for lawn decora-tion. Large panicles of bloom, followed in season by great clusters of colored seed pods, make the tree a continual thing of beauty. Packet, 15c; 3 packets 40c SURPRISE FLOWER GARDEN Over a Hundred Varieties of Mixed Flowar Seeds MANY RARE AND CURIOUS NOVELTIES An Abundance of Flowers Assured Throughout the Season A mixture of easily grown annuals that bloom very soon after sowing the seed; others vary in their time of blooming. Those who cannot give the constant care necessary for finely arranged flower beds will be delighted with the Surprise Wild Flower Garden. Will prove a continual surprise and pleasure, as new varieties and the old garden favorites flower successively thoughout the season. There are over a hun-dred varieties of seeds. Many of the plants may be taken inside as house, plants and will bloom during the winter. Fine for children, also teach- ers for school gardens. Packet, 15 cents, three packets for 40 cents. Postpaid. J.S. &amp; CO. Address all orders to Johnson Smith &amp; Co. Dept. 757 RACINE,WIS Send 10c for big 710 page novelty catalog 