68 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine their friends had been giving since she and Ward announced their en- gagement, but he and Phil had got- ten the idea that a couple of weeks in Pinehurst would be fun. "And whatever Phil thinks, Louisa agrees to," Jocelyn told her- self. "She's that kind of wife, and Ward expects me to be just like her." She turned to stare at her sister, standing at the desk beside Phil, and noticed she was getting heavier. "That's what marriage does to you," Jocelyn decided. Suddenly she sat up straight, pushing her hat back with an im- patient shove. "Look," she urged Ward. "Look at that man over there." His gaze followed hers to where a broad-shouldered young man in a dinner jacket sat reading a paper. "What about him?" Ward in- quired with a scowl. "Friend of yours?" "Not yet," Jocelyn replied. "But isn't he the best-looking brute you ever laid your eyes on? He's got features like a movie star and that sort of come-to-me-darling look in his eyes. I'm glad I came to Pine- hurst, after all." "You're a flirt!" Ward growled, his hand on her chair knotting into a tight fist. Jocelyn whirled about to face him, cornflower eyes, under her curling brown bangs, narrowed to slits. "What do you mean, I'm a flirt? Can't I even say a perfectly strange man is good-looking without your getting jealous?" "I'm not jealous," Ward denied with sulky dignity. "But I do think that, for a girl who has been en- gaged only four weeks, you give a lot of time to other men." At that moment Phil and Louisa joined them, and Jocelyn's retort was cut off in the flow of Louisa's complaints about the rooms assigned them. "They claim they never got our telegram," she said, as the four moved toward the dining room. "But that's ridiculous. They finally gave Phil and me a room on the second floor. You're up on the third, Jocelyn, and Ward is on the fourth. The clerk says he'll try to get us a suite to-morrow." They were passing the man with the newspaper, and for a second he looked up, his eyes meeting Joce- lyn's briefly. Deliberately, knowing Ward was watching, she smiled. An answering smile flashed across the other's face. Jocelyn had been feeling sulky, but now a pleasant exhilaration lightened her spirits. The man was certainly attractive, and just be- cause she was engaged it didn't mean that she couldn't even look at another man. She became aware of Ward, stalk- ing at her side. "Are you making yourself con- spicuous just to annoy me?" he de- manded. Her good nature restored, Jocelyn laid a placating hand on his arm. "Don't be cross," she soothed. "You'll feel better when you've had something to eat." "There's no good putting me off with talk about dinner," Ward re- torted, and Jocelyn, looking up into his face, saw it was dark with anger. Her own quick temper flared and her eyes blazed as she stood still, confronting him, at the entrance to the dining room. "Don't be dumb," she snapped. "I'm not putting you off with any- thing. Are you still grousing be- cause I happened to say, with per- fect truth, that that man out there is handsome?" 