32 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine It took a few seconds for Dell to realize what that ever-widening strip of water between them and the main ice, meant. "Then- then we're marooned on this flow," she demanded in- credulously. He nodded. "It looks that way." "Well, we can swim that dis- tance, anyway," Martin French said. "Go ahead," Tommy told him. "I'm not having any ice water baths for mine, thanks. And when you get to the other side it will be a toss-up whether you can get to shore before you freeze." "But what are we going to do? We ve got to do something." "There isn't anything we can do. They'll pick us up to-morrow, if the ice cake holds together." They went back to the shanty. "We might as well eat," Dell said. "I'll see if I can make a meal out of what's here." "Better save some of it for to- morrow," Tommy suggested. "There isn't even enough for to- night," Martin told him. "We'll be off here to-morrow. Use it all." Tommy dressed the smelt that were in the fish pail. There were quite a few of them, but pitifully little else. Only the left-overs from Martin's luncheon. Dell still felt hungry when they had finished, but the meal had made them all more cheerful. The cheerfulness grew as the evening progressed. Outside the wind had died down, so that they were drifting slower, even though the current was still taking them away from the main body of ice. The weather was much warmer, too, and inside, with the fire going, they removed their light leather skating coats. Dell began almost to enjoy the experience. Yet always she gave thanks deep in her heart that Tommy was there. Martin brought out a liquor bottle and offered them each a drink. Dell refused, and Tommy took only a swallow. Martin drank quite a lot. "You don't know what's good for you," he told them. "You won't need any fire if you get a couple of shots of this down you." "I'll stick to the fire, as long as it lasts," Tommy told him. "That stuff tasted worse than bootleg liquor." Later on, Tommy went to the window and stood for a long time looking out. At last he called the others. Outside a dense fog was rolling out from the land, envelop- ing the shack in a dead, wet vapor. It gave everything a ghostly appear- ance. "I was afraid of this thaw," Tommy said. "I hope the fog will be gone by morning." But it was not gone by morning. Dell slept a few hours, and when she awoke, Tommy was already up. She woke cold. The fog enveloped them, and they could not see ten feet from the shanty. Tommy's face was grim. "Can- can'they find us in this?" Dell asked. She knew what the answer would be. "They may run onto us," he shrugged. "Or we may drift ashore. But it's a thousand to one chance. Even with planes, they won't find us to-day." Martin joined them. "I'm hungry as the dickens, he told them. What are we going to eat? "I'll bite," Tommy said. "What are we going to eat?" Martin went back into the shanty and rummaged around, but found nothing. At Tommy's suggestion, they went to the thick side of their flow, and drank deep, so that they would forget their hunger. But they LS-2E 