Fires Of Love 61 fur-lined moccasin made a thudding sound as it struck the log floor. "Do as I tell you!" she cried im- periously. "Dad needs me! He may be dying! There must be some one who-" Jake backed farther into the open doorway. He turned and looked into the kitchen. Then he faced Gloria, and drew the door partly shut. "This musher who came down was nearly trapped by the storm, miss," he explained in a low voice. "But there's one man could make it. I'll talk to him." Gloria knew. She had heard of Red McKenzie's prowess as a storm fighter. And she knew Red's male- mutes. He had given her lessons in driving them. For an instant her mind fought against the idea of asking a favor of a man who had talked to her as Red had. Then she thought of her father, uncon- scious, perhaps dying. "Please tell Mr. McKenzie to be ready as quickly as he can. And tell him this is strictly business. I'll pay him whatever he asks." A heavy fur cap that completely hid her shining brown hair, a parka, fur-lined and warm as eiderdown, mittens. Gloria was so wrapped away from the storm that she moved with difficulty out through the kitchen, where Jake Thompson stood shaking his head and fearing the worst; out through a door that was quickly opened and as quickly closed. In that instant, the bliz- zard struck her so roughly in the face that she gasped and turned her head. Before she could turn back, strong arms swung her from her feet and were carrying her. She felt as helpless as a baby. Dimly, through the driving snow, she saw the stern, impassive face above hers. Again her heart was pounding like a wild thing. "Red," she murmured, "it's so good of you-" "This is strictly business as far as I'm concerned, miss," Red Mc- Kenzie broke in. He stooped and lowered her into the inclosed portion of the long sled. Out in front, their sharp ears tilted forward, she could see the dogs. A long-lashed whip whistled and cracked with the resonance of a pistol shot. "Mush, you rascals!" Red cried. The sled was flying away from the road house into the storm. Red ran behind. The dogs yelped shrilly, and silvery bells attached to their collars tinkled against the wind. The yellow lights in the windows of the log building were gone. On every side was the raging storm. Gloria nestled down into the warm space Red had placed her in. He had tucked heavy blankets about her. She turned her head. "Can't you ride?" she called. No answer. The dogs were stretched out, racing fleetly away into the night. Red McKenzie ran like a panther behind the long sled. Suddenly Gloria felt how small and helpless she was. "If he'd only be friends!" she thought, then felt her face burning again. She hadn't been very friendly. She had deliberately flirted till she caught his interest. She had set herself to break through the barrier of reserve he had erected. Then she had pleaded the social register! The dogs had settled down to their night's work. For a time they went briskly up a long grade. Then 