The Friend In Need 159 success and happiness, should so often become a sorry mix-up. But although ife is hard, and marriage may sometimes seem not at all worth while, it is our job to show at least a little courage. And where there are children, a special effort is required. Hard as it is, and sometimes im- possible, to rebuild broken trust, no marriage can last without patience, common sense, and self-sacrifice. Sacrifices made for those we love are never in vain, and sooner or later, in one way or another, loyalty and devotion begin to pay dividends. So keep your chin up, my dear. Evidently your husband means to make good his promises. A little encouragement on your part will perhaps make the relationship still more agreeable. Try to forget the past. It will not be easy, I know; but you can make the future so much brighter not only for the chil- dren and your husband, but for yourself, too. Good luck! Dear Mrs. Brown: "Four years ago I met a man fifteen years my senior. I was eighteen then. He is very good-looking, and his folks are well-educated people. Bob makes a fine salary, but money seems to mean little to him, because he is the type of man who would give his last cent away to friends, if they needed his help. Bob drinks and gambles, but I don't really object to this, because he never drinks to excess. When we first met I didn't know much about him. But after going with him for three or four months, I found out that he also dated another girl. But it was too late for me. I was already deeply in love with him. Bob and I have been everything to each other. He tells me that he could never forget me. I know he thinks a lot of me and would do anything I asked him. When my father died a short time ago, Bob attended to most of the details, and he is always around whenever I need him. However, he cannot seem to forget this other girl. I know she doesn't love him, because the only time she dates him is when she knows he can spend a lot of money. He takes her anywhere she wants to go. This girl is teaching school and is supporting her parents and a brother. Another thing is that if she ever marries she can never be a mother. And Bob loves children. Bob knows I love him so much I would do anything in the world for him. The difference in our ages does not matter, be- cause whenever I have been out with boys near my own age they seemed silly. Bob is very proud that I love him as much as I do, even though others may say I love him not wisely but too well. He isn't the type that would talk about a girl. He is very popular, but doesn't seem to care whether he ever gets married or not. I wish I knew what to do to make him think of marriage. Won't you please ad- vise me? Dotty. To use an old axiom, "You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink." I'm afraid, dear, that if your friend has felt no re- sponsibility to marry you so far, it is very doubtful if he ever will. It is sad but true that in most cases of this kind, the girl is left-holding the bag, while the man transfers his interest to some one else. My most sincere advice to you, Dotty, is to drop this man at once and give yourself time to forget the entire incident. It will not be easy at first, but later on when you meet a man who will really deserve your love, you will be glad that you made a break. Real love never thrives on things that must be hidden from the rest of the world. Real love is open and aboveboard, and is always altar- bound. Dear Mrs. Brown: I married at the age of sixteen, after going steady for three years. For four years we were very happy, but my husband was in the habit of go- ing out about twice a week. He said he had to go to club meetings, or out with the boys, and I didn't object. Then my mother died, and about four weeks later a girl friend told me that she saw my husband at a dance with another girl. I asked him, and he denied it. 