Two in a Fog 23 "He tried to sell me an old yarn that wasn't worth a moment's con- sideration." Erin O'Moore studied her eyes at length. "Sure of that?" Very slowly, very seriously, Melina nodded. "Very sure." He sighed abruptly and drew her to her feet. "It's time to be walking home now," he said, his arms slipping easily across her shoulders. "I have much to say to you, and I dare not say it here. It is too easy to love you." His eyes dreamed down into hers and somehow her heart rose lightly to answer. She smiled at him tenderly. "Do you think," he asked wist- fully, "there is a chance for me?" For answer, Melina reached up and drew his head down. And then she kissed him lightly on both cheeks. He reached out for her con- vulsively and then with main effort, drew back his arms. "If I touch you now," he said thickly, adoringly, "I'll never let you go!" Her arm slid about his neck swiftly. "I'm thinking," she whis- pered amazingly, "that I won't want to go." He held her with fierce tenderness, cradling her close, his lips tasting the sweetness of hers, lingering on her cheek, her eyes, her hair. They remained so, until finally an alien note sounded from the dim, outer world the clatter of milk bottles. "It is time, my sweet, to go home now." He held her aside with one arm, and reached for her coat with the other. "But later- nine o'clock to be exact we have an engage- ment at the Municipal Building. Am I right, colleen?" "Always right, dearest," Melina sighed dreamily from his shoulder. WINTER SALE FOR sale: a castle hill with many halls Done up in oak and willow, with a stream Furnished in newest fern and crystal walls And small carillons where its pebbles dream. Great lawns completely round it, to insure A rest for Gypsy nightingales and those Grave bands of fiddling crickets that endure The longest march to serenade a rose! In beautiful condition, clean and neat From blue -spruce turrets to each velvet floor, Equipped with star-glow light and sun-warm heat- And recommended most especial for All wandering friends, of June beneath the sky, And every smiling April passing by! Bert Cooksley. 