146 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine when you contemplate a marital partner- ship or a business partnership with any one, the two charts affect each other. That is why it is necessary to have the chart of both persons concerned when a ques- tion on this subject is asked. Mrs. E. M., born January 1, 1914, New York, 12:30 a. m.: Chicago would be a more pleasant and better place for you, but New York is better for your husband. So, what shall I say to you? The influ- ences in your husband's chart are not fa- vorable for a change in residence until the fall months of 1934. The year 1935 is good for both of you and there will be some phases of your life this year which will be pleasant and acceptable, too. But next year is the better period for both of you in every way. Your husband will be very restless this summer and there is a journey shown for both of you, so I suggest that we compromise. Take the trip to Chicago when it is convenient to do so, look over the situation, then make your decision. In my opinion, it would be very inadvisable for you to make a big jump, not knowing the conditions ahead. If your husband is employed now, I certainly do not advise you to make this important move before the spring months. Miss W. G., born February 9, 1915, time and place not stated: As nearly as I can judge without your complete birth data, your chart does not blend well with that of the young man. You will meet some one else whom you will like much better during the year, and you will have the op- portunity to marry in the early fall months. Your influences generally for the year are better for business, however, and you should try to advance yourself in your work or seek a better position in the spring. EDWARD, born September 23, 1908, New York, 8:45 a. in.: It does not seem to me that you are suited for your present position. I advise you to seek creative work of some nature, such as illustrat- ing or landscaping or even floral work. Also, you would do well in merchandising, especially in relation to wearing apparel. Department-store work should be very sat- isfactory to you because you have many interests and this would give you several outlets. You have a good chart, but you should never postpone anything. Often, you will lose chances because of this tend- ency to procrastinate. You were born under the sign Libra. We have to list the signs in the "Born Between-" in the man- ner we do, because of the flexibility of the time the sun enters each sign each year. Thank you for your letter. If I can do anything further for you, let me know. Miss E. P., born July 8, 1912, place not stated, 1:00 a. m.: I really think you are going through a transitional stage here and that your affections are tied up in such a way that you would regret marriage if it is executed in the near future. I am very sincere when I say that a marriage from your personal standpoint should not trans- pire until the summer months of 1935. On the other hand, in many respects the majority, I should say- your chart blends exceedingly well with that of the Pisces man February 24th. It is quite possible for me to see why this great attraction exists and why you love him so much. But you are a sensible person and I feel you know this young man will not live up to your expectations entirely. You are very ambitious, and from what I am able to observe about the young man without his hour of birth it is my opinion that your outlook upon life differs and complete harmony from an economic standpoint does not exist. I am here to help you and it is against my ethics for me to say definitely that you should marry this man. I advise against it and suggest that you hold your decision for a time. Think it over. If I can help you further, let me know. A. R. A., born December 22, 1916: Will you please write again and send me your complete birth data. Also, the full data of the young man in question. I am un- able to answer your specific question about marriage unless I have complete data. Mrs. B., born April 5, 1868, Maryland, 5:00 p. in.: Thank you so much for your kind letter. As you know, it is always pleasing to know that your work is en- joyed and appreciated, and a warm glow came around my heart when you wrote that you traveled so far each week to buy the magazine. About your property: It would not be advisable for you to force the sale on your house at this time. As a matter of fact, it would be better for you to wait for about another sixteen months. I know you dislike hearing this, but your influences at this time are not as favorable for the sale as they will be later. Of course, you can sell at sacrifice, but I would hate to see you do that. Perhaps you can make an arrangement for companionship 