146 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Letter writing is a hobby with Cheerful Celie. Dear Miss Morris: Here's another SOS for Pen Pals. I'm a girl twenty-one years of age, have brown hair and eyes, and some of my friends tell me I look like a famous movie star. I'm fond of movies, dancing, sports, needlework, and reading. I will exchange snapshots, and will be wait- ing for oodles of letters. Girls, everywhere, let me hear from you! Cheerful Celie. Here's another lively Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I hope lots of Pen Pals will send their letters my way. I'm a girl of twenty, full of fun, enjoy outdoor sports, and hope to be an artist some day. I want to hear from girls everywhere, and will be glad to send some of my pictures to any one who is interested. I'm from Penn- sylvania, and I want to hear from all of you. Spitfire. Let Rad tell you about his travels. Dear Miss Morris: Just a line from a lonely young man living in the heart of Texas. I'm twenty-five, full of fun, like sports, and have traveled extensively. I have had some very trying as well as thrill- ing experiences, and am sure that I can make my letters interesting enough to keep you fellows busy writing to me. I will ex- change photographs, and am sure I will en- joy writing to all you boys. Rad. Jean Gloria hails from Trinidad. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a sixteen-year- old girl living in the West Indies on an island called Trinidad. I have light-brown hair, brown eyes, and a fair complexion. I would love to hear from girls in the United States and Mexico. I've seen a lot of strange things, and would certainly like to tell you about them. Pals, won't you please send me your letters? Jean Gloria. Here's a busy actress, dancer, and singer. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a girl nineteen years old, and have done lots of interesting things. I've played in a stock company, have done professional dancing, and at pres- ent I am singing with a dance orchestra. I love to dance, swim, drive a car, and write letters. Girls, I'll answer all letters and exchange snapshots. Give me a break, won't you? Maxiene. Here's a loyal Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I'm in search of Pen Pals who appreciate sincere friendship. I'm a girl of twenty-three living in Chicago. I was once a singer, but am now working in an office. I love many things, and chief among them is music. I also enjoy poetry, serious books, and am acquainted with many interesting people. I've known much unhappiness, and will welcome any cheer sent by Pen Pals. Don't you girls want to know me better? Cynmac. This Pal is interested in you. Dear Miss Morris: I am a young girl of seventeen, considered pretty, and am not very lonely. However, I would like to hear from girls everywhere. I enjoy all out- door sports, especially tennis, basket ball, and swimming. Won't all of you tell me about the place you live in, your ambi- tions, desires, and dreams? Ellwood City Pal. A call for stamp collectors. Dear Miss Morris: I hope Pals from all parts of the country will write to me. I'm a young man interested in collecting stamps. I am considered friendly and agree- able, like to make friends, and am not at all hard to get along with. Please, won't some of you fellows consider my plea? I'll be very glad to hear from every one. Jim of Huntington. Exchange letters with this happy bride. Dear Miss Morris: I':n a very happy young bride of four months. I am twenty- one years of age, five feet three inches tall, and have brown hair and eyes. I have lots of spare time on my hands, and would like nothing better than to correspond with single and married Pals all over the coun- try. I promise to answer all letters, and will be a true friend. Dana. A very friendly girl. Dear Miss Morris: Here's another lonely girl, just eighteen, who would like to hear from lots of Pen Pals. My hobbies are basket ball, hiking, collecting pictures of movie stars, and writirg long letters. I am also greatly interested in travel. I would especially like to hear from girls liv- ing in Hollywood and New York City. I don't go out much, and have very few 