46 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine rated us again, this time com- pletely. My heart dragged with the sickening futility of it all. I hid my face against Don, my body shud- dering helplessly with bitter, hope- less sobs. "Darling! don't!" Don implored, holding me tenderly and trying des- perately to soothe my grief. "Do you think for one second I'd let this annulment stop us? We'll get around that! Look at me, dear!" Gently he lifted my wet face to meet his eyes, and my heart lifted at the grim, undaunted look on his face. "We'll find some other place to keep you hidden until Saturday. Then we'll manage to get you on the boat somehow in time to sail. Your birthday comes next Thursday, while we'll be at sea. We'll simply have the captain marry us then, and Oliver won't be able to do a thing about it! And that will make everything all right again." Breathlessly I gazed up at him through my tears, my heart bound- ing upward again. But before I could speak, his mother laid her hand on his arm. "No, Don, you can't attempt any- thing like that," she insisted. "If Lynore's guardian is so opposed to the marriage, he would be sure to turn the whole thing into a scandal that would ruin your career in the consular service." I could feel Don stiffen. He drew a long breath and stood very straight. His mouth was a grim, tight line. "Then I'll give up my career! I'll quit the service before I begin!" he muttered dully. "I'll get a job do- ing anything before I give up Lynore like that. I refuse to sail without her. We're not going to be sepa- rated ever again. I mean it!" The out-thrust line of his jaw clutched at my heart, thrilled me insanely. Close in his big arms, I felt a pang of pity for his mother. Her face had gone white as death. She put out her hand and tottered against a chair like an old woman. "Don!" she cried, so shrilly that my blood chilled again. "What are you saying? You can't mean you'd give up your whole life's ideals like that! Not after all we've gone through to get you where you are! It's been cruelly hard in all the long years since your father died, but I've gladly sacrificed every cent to educate you, was proud for any suf- fering I had to endure. Now, just when you've attained your ambition, I'deserve something more than this! You can't give up!" I could feel the color leave my face as I stared from her to Don, my heart hammering painfully. "Your mother's right, Don," I gasped. "You can't quit. There must be some other way for us. Even if you must sail at once, I can follow you-" "No, listen!" he interrupted sud- denly, his eyes glowing again. Blue and deep and sure. "I have it!" Wonderingly, I stared at him as he drew me over to where his mother stood. His laugh was full of confidence as he put his arms around us both. "Mother, you take Lynore up to Westchester with you to-night. Oliver will have no way of tracing her there. After I drive you both out, I'll run down to Washington and spend to-morrow trying to ar- range things to suit us. Under the circumstances, I'm sure they'll give me permission to postpone my sail- ing date till Thursday. Then we can be married quietly that morning before the boat sails!" He kissed us both breathlessly, laughing his con- fident little laugh until my own ach- ing disappointment was soothed a little and I forced my spirits to meet 