Primitive Love 117 because in saving my man she ll save hers!" Even as her thoughts took shape, forming themselves into words that cried against her lips, she was run- ning toward a battered old car that stood parked by the office door. It was an errand car, left in gear, its engine running, while its driver stood with hands full of packages, half in, half out the opened door. She pushed him aside, the impact of her flying body sending him gasping, stumbling. She climbed to the seat. Her foot hard on the gas, she swung into a one-wheeled turn. Then she was racing away. She heard some one yelling at her: "Hey! Hey! Where you go- ing? Where you taking that car? Stop!" And she laughed, her laugh trailing crazily back above the en- gine s roar. CHAPTER IX. Bobbie found Hulda in the kitchen of the huge, dingy old hotel. She was alone. The noon rush was over, and she was washing the floor. Her capable hands were wet and soapy, her gingham dress clung wetly to her, and damp wisps of hair, escaping from the golden braids that wound her head, clung to her cheeks. Her eyes were swol- len with crying, and marring the flushed beauty of her peasant face, a livid bruise darkened cheek, lip and broad, low brow. It was a hor- rible bruise, that made Bobbie wince and cringe. "Nolan?" Hulda said sullenly, in answer to Bobbie's stammered ques- tioning. "How should I know where Bill Nolan is? That man Carson came over here a minute ago, too, asking me the same thing. I'm tell- ing you nothing. I've done too much telling already for my own good," and she touched her cheek, her eyes hard. "Nolan gave me that," she, said, "for trying to keep him out of the pen." Then with sudden passion: "I hate men. They're all alike- beasts! It wasn't until Bobbie had blurted out her story from dry, parched lips of what she had seen at the drug store the night before of Nolan's watching, hate-filled face, of Red's disappearance and the blood-stained, empty car- that Hulda broke down. Flinging herself in a chair, she buried her braided head in her arms. "Bill's done it!" she sobbed. "He threatened to do it! He's killed Red McMaster! He came in here last night drunk, and swore he was going to get him. And he has! He's taken him to that shack of his up in the hills, and he's- he's killed him! And it's all my fault! Be- cause I tried to save him! Because I mixed in when I had no business to! Because-" Bobbie cried: "Shack! What shack? Where?" She shook the heaving shoulders. She threw her questions down at the half-crazed girl, repeating them over and over, until, hearing at last, Hulda raised her bruised, tear-swollen face. "It won't do no good," she said heavily. "It won't do no good to go there, I know it won't. It's- it's over with, by this time. Whatever he was going to do to Red, he's done, and if he's still there and drunk he'll kill us both as well." Bobbie laughed mirthlessly. "A lot I'd care what he did to me if he's killed Red," she said. Looking at Bobbie silently for a moment, the girl answered, her rich, soft voice heavy with the tears be- hind it. "A girl doesn't care much about 