82 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine chase after you. I'm afraid I've made trouble for you by coming to- night," Jan said regretfully. "So you, too, know I'm hiding," the Duke said thoughtfully. "Well, don't let it worry you. She can't harm me, even if she drags me into the sunshine of--Beverly, isn't it?" "Yes, that's where she lives," Janine replied, marveling at his quickness. "It would have to be. There's only Swantown, Beverly, and the Campau." Swantown put out a hot hand, reeking of asphalt, as they left the docks and the speed boat behind. Janine shivered a little. It was for a girl like Lutie she had chosen this life. Lutie wasn't worth it. She should have ignored her taunts and stayed where she belonged, and that wasn't prowling about with a hiding criminal. The Duke, with his uncanny quickness, seemed to guess her thoughts, for he said quickly, "Don't worry, I'm safe company even for a tired little girl from the Margaret Home." "This is where I live," Janine said quickly, confused. "On the top floor." "Isn't it beastly hot up there?" "When it is, my roommate and I take army cots to the roof. It's cool up there under the stars." She paused. "The ride was lovely, Duke." "You made it so, Jimmy. I'm going to take you often." Janine didn't believe he would. He wasn't safe for Janine Broun. She was afraid. Already, he made her heart beat fast. Would he ex- pect her to kiss him good night? Kisses didn't mean much to the crowd Janine had known. Maybe if he did kiss her, it would cure her of her growing infatuation. She was instantly ashamed of the thought, but it was too late. The Duke's arms closed about her hard, and his face, smooth and cool, was close to hers. Then his mouth crushed down on hers, hot and fierce, until she gasped for breath. For a moment he held her there, against the virile steel that was his body, his mouth taking her very heart through her lips. Then he released her and melted into the darkness. "Well!" Lizette's voice came from the darkness, and she raced after Janine, who was rushing up the stairs. "Baby face and the Silver Duke teaming up. Who'd have thought he'd fall for you?" "Buddy Draconi asked him to take me for a ride on the water to cool off," Janine stammered, because Lizette's eyes looked so knowing. "I'd say he did the opposite. Well, kid, he's rolling in do-re-mi. They say he did a big job and is in hiding until they quit looking for him. Draconi claims he's horribly moral. If that's so, you better tip him off to your past. Even gang- sters have codes, y'know." "Am I being dumb?" Janine asked, catching up her cotton pa- jamas and starting for the bath- room. "Aw, come off. Guess I know about you. I suppose you didn't come here straight from one of the doll apartments of Campau. I've seen the glad rags in the trunk, only I'd have thought you could have held your man longer." Janine went on to the bathroom, puzzled. Then suddenly she laughed. Of course Lizette would think that. The city was divided into three parts. Beverly, where the people of the idle class lived; Swan- town, and the Campau, which con- sisted of the houses beyond the theaters where rich young men 