The Fourth Proposal 101 Exactly two weeks from the day be had left, Stephen arrived at the ranch unexpectedly. An angry, dis- turbed and worried Stephen whose mind was filled with hate for Thelma. "Say, this is a surprise!" Philip exclaimed. "What brought you down?" "I want you to pack up," Stephen said. "Doctor's orders. You're go- ing to another ranch." "What for?" Philip demanded. "I'm getting stronger here every day. What does the old doc know in Chicago? I like it here and I'm not moving." Stephen regarded his brother sus- piciously. His desire to stay here merely confirmed the anonymous letter received by Stephen which had caused him to drop everything and rush out to the ranch. "But suppose I insist?" Stephen asked. "We'll talk it over later," Philip retorted. "I've got a date to go riding with Thelma. You know, Steve, she's a swell girl." Swell girl! Stephen snickered in- wardly. He was almost tempted to show him the anonymous letter. But decided not to for the moment. "Would you mind waiting here until I returned?" Stephen asked. "I'd like to see Thelma alone for a few minutes." "O. K. But don't be long." Stephen's jaw was set in deter- mination. His eyes blazed with an- ger as he walked up the wooden path to Thelma's cabin. The sound of his footsteps, which she misjudged for Philip's, brought her to the door. Attired in riding breeches and boots, she looked young and boyish, sweet and lovely. For a fraction of a second his eyes widened, then they turned to cold steel-blue. "Hello, Stephen," she cried gayly as she held out both hands to him. "It's grand to see you again." He took her hands, and despite himself felt an electric thrill pass through his veins. "Hello, Thelma," he said coldly. "I want to talk to you." "How nice!" she declared, ignor- ing the tone of his voice. "Mother is asleep and I wouldn't dare dis- turb her. Let's go down to the brook." They walked the short distance in silence. "Shall we sit down?" she asked with an encouraging smile. "No. What I have to say can be said standing." "You don't sound very pleasant," she remarked, while the corners of her lips curled up mischievously. "I'm not going to be, either. I came to talk about Phil. I want to tell you something very bluntly. My father left his business to both of us, but Phil doesn't get his share until he is twenty-five. Meanwhile, I'm the boss and I can cut him down to any salary I wish. I'll make it so small, you'll starve. So if you think you're going to lay your hands on a fortune by marrying Phil, you're doomed to get the surprise of your life." "What makes you think I want to marry Phil?" she asked inno- cently. "Why, the idea is ridicu- lous!" "Look here," he said angrily. "You can't fool me. I know what you're up to. In every letter that Phil wrote me, he mentioned your name. You've been spending an awful lot of time with him. But don't think it hasn't been noticed. There is some one on this ranch who knows you--from New York prob- ably. And that some one wrote me a letter." He fumbled in his pocket. "Here, read it." 