Midnight Madness 43 made a laughingstock. If they want each other, let them, see that they are welcome. You must real- ize that you won't suffer. You have a career at your finger tips." "What do you mean?" she asked. "I've watched you at every re- hearsal, and last night you simply amazed me. You're a born actress. If you'd like to leave Roger Greville, I'll find you a decent job without the slightest difficulty. Why not let me help you?" "You are very good, but at pres- ent I have no intention of going away. I think we had better go in now the other way." He laid a hand on her arm, de- taining her. "Promise me one thing," he begged. "If ever you do want help, promise that you will look on me as your friend and let me help you." There was such a ring of sincerity in his voice that Janice forgot all she had heard about him and felt a thrill of gratitude. After all, it was good to think that somebody really cared. "Yes, I'll remember," she prom- ised, "and thank you." As Arlen followed her, his heart was beating with a new hope. Were the fates going to be good to him? Would they help him to win this girl, whom he wanted more than he had ever wanted anything in the world? Janice paced the floor of her bed- room like some caged thing. The silence of the house mocked her with memories. It was not twenty-four hours since she had stolen through the silence to arms which had only taken her because they believed they held another girl. Too late, now, she saw what the consequences of that stolen hour would be- that by her own act she had forged an unbreakable tie be- tween the man she loved and Gina Mornington. She could not think clearly. Her knowledge of the love between those two threw her mind into chaos. At first she had meant to tell her husband what she had seen through the library window, but she had found that she dared not do it, lest she should betray her own love for him. For she felt that she would rather die than have him guess that she cared. But she dared not stay here. She could not. Suddenly she made up her mind. She would go away now, leave the house this very night, and he should not know where she had gone. Let him explain her absence as best he could; let him suffer some of the humiliation that was hers. She told herself that she hated him, and wished with all her heart that it was true. She had been waiting for the moon to rise, for she would have to walk to the junction, four miles away, in order to catch the early-morning train to town. As she moved across the room to the window and drew aside the cur- tain, she saw that the moon was just coming up over the tops of a clump of fir trees. Turning back into the room, she looked around at the luxury she was leaving. The brief note of farewell she had written to the man she had mar- ried lay on the dressing table, the one suitcase which she was taking with her stood ready packed near the bed. She picked up her heavy coat and put it on. Opening the door, she paused to switch off the light, and 