110 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine perhaps he had been following her, checking up on her, and had over- heard the same conversation she had heard. Billie distinctly remem- bered the two canoes which had passed her hiding place, one follow- ing the other. She rose hastily from her chair and went out to the car. If one had a hunch, the thing to do was to play it for all it was worth. She drove down to the local photog- rapher's. "There's a gentleman named Hol- land staying over at the inn," Billie explained to the proprietor, "and we've got to pick up a picture of him for a scavenger hunt. It oc- curred to me that you might have a snap, either alone or in a group, that you could let me have." The photographer shook his head slowly. "I'd like to oblige you," he said. "I've been stumped on these scav- enger hunts myself. But I'm not sure I can. He's only had two rolls of films developed here, and most of those were pictures of Miss Lane." He paused, thinking. "I tell you what," he said bright- ening, "it wouldn't make much dif- ference whether it was a good or a bad picture of him, would it? Not for a scavenger hunt. Well, in that last roll there were several that weren't good enough to print, and one was of him. When he looked them over, he dropped those in the wastebasket. You let me go out back and I think maybe I can find them. Then I'll print up one for you." Billie waited, hoping against hope. After all, a poor snap would be bet- ter than none at all. After a long time the man re- turned triumphant, a smudged light- struck, but recognizable snapshot of Holland in his hands. "There," he said, "that ought to do the trick. And I'm glad I could help you." Billie thanked him profusely, and then went to the post office. She sent the picture by special delivery to a friend of hers who clerked in the police records bureau in New York. She requested in her accom- panying message that the identity of the man be telegraphed to her at once, together with his criminal rec- ord, if any. She went home then to wait, very much pleased with her- self. The next morning she went again to see Len. If anything, he was bluer than he had been the day be- fore. "Boy, it seems good to see you!" he said. "This place is giving me the jitters. Why do you and I have to be dragged so deep into this mess when it wasn't our fault? Of course," he added loyally, "I still think it's better for me to be here than for you." "Len," Billie protested, and it seemed then as if that wire screen- ing which kept her from taking him in her arms, from comforting him, was the cruelest thing in the world, "you've got to stop thinking about me. You've got to think about yourself, and try to plan a way to get out of this mess. I'll work as hard as ever I can to get you out. But you've got to tell them that you're innocent. You've got to make a big fuss about it." "Not till I'm sure you're safe," he told her doggedly. And she knew it was useless to argue. "Listen, Len," she changed the subject, "have you still got that book with you." And when he nodded: "And will you trust me with it? I've got an idea." He nodded assent gravely, in- stantly. 