44 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine ing to make me promise never to go out with Phil any more. He-" But Det's fingers were pinching at Dawn's arm, and Dawn, shocked into sudden stillness, thought how strangely old Det looked, and how scared. "Jack told you that? Jack? Did he say what it was Phil was mixed up in? Did he say it was going to get out? Did he tell you how-- when?" Breathless questions that Det threw at Dawn, through fright- ened lips. Questions that, before Dawn could answer, she had shrugged away, with her old "hard as nails" air. "Never mind, forget it!" she said. And added, bitterly: "If all you've got against that Jack of yours, is an affair with Hilda Brian, you're darned lucky. There are worse things a boy at school can do, than chase a woman. Particularly a woman old enough to be his mother!" "That's just it," Dawn wailed. "If she were a girl my own age, I'd know what to do. But she's thirty- seven. Phil told me. And Jack's only twenty-one. When boys lose their heads over women like that-- beautiful women like Hilda Brian-- it's awful! You know it is, Det. And Jack's crazy about her. I could see it in his eyes. He stood up for her, against me. Told me he had kissed her. It was almost as though he were boasting about it! And I'd trusted him so! Believed in him! "It doesn't seem as though I could believe in anything any more. I'm scared, Det. I'm terribly scared." Det's face was bleak and gray. "I'm scared, too," she said. "But not for the same reason." And she added listlessly: "The telephone's ringing, Dawn. Answer it, won't you? It's probably Jack, wanting to make up. If it is, take my advice and do it. It isn't so hot, this thing of fighting with the guy you love." With her hand over the phone, Dawn whispered a little breath- lessly: "It's Phil, Det. He wants to date me. Do you care if I go? I'd like to show Jack he can't boss me around." "Care?" Det snapped the word. "Why should I care? Phil and I are through. He can take a jump in the lake as far as I'm concerned. Tell him that for me, will you?" Later, hunched behind the wheel of his roadster, and darting reck- lessly in and out through the crowded college streets, Phil said: "Det was there when I called you to- night, wasn't she? I heard her talk- ing to you. What did she say?" And when Dawn didn't answer, but twisted miserably, her cheeks an un- happy crimson, he laughed at her through side twisted lips. "You might as well tell me," he jeered. "It couldn't be any worse than the things she's told me her- self." "She said," Dawm answered un- willingly, "that she was through. That you could take a jump in the lake as far as she was concerned. And I wish you wouldn't ask me to repeat stuff to you, Phil. I don't like to. Why don't you ask Det her- self, what she thinks of you, if you want to know?" "I don't have to ask her," Phil re- plied moodily. "I know. She can't see me for dust. Well"--he put his arm around Dawn's shoulders and drew her close--"I'm not jumping into the lake to-night, for Det Hen- derson, or any one else. Not when I've got a sweet kid like you to ride with me, and there's a moon like that one, shining in the sky! 