134 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Jill glanced at him, and saw that he was young and blond and good- looking. "I'm sorry," she murmured shak- ily. "It was all my fault." A curious crowd was gathering, and the man took a firmer hold of Jill's arm. "Let's get in the car," he urged, "before we're arrested for obstruct- ing traffic." "You can move on." Jill didn't exactly know whether she wanted to go with him or not. "I'm not keep- ing you." But he wouldn't take "No" for an answer, and the next moment she found herself in the car beside him. "Do you think I'm cold-blooded enough to drive away and leave you here?" he asked her reproachfully as he started the engine. "I'm no hit- and-run driver. Not when I run down any one as pretty as you." "Don't be silly," Jill said a trifle impatiently. "I'm not hurt--really, I'm not. I was just going home. There's no need of you-" The young man grinned. "Then home we'll go. After all, I did bump into you, and the least I can do is see that you get home safely." After a moment's hesitation, Jill gave him her address and leaned back. She was still a bit wabbly. Then she thought about Bruce, and sat up straight again. "I'm awfully sorry this hap- pened," the young man was saying. "If there's anything I can do for you, just tell me." Perhaps it was that the accident that made Jill light-headed. Any- way, she took one look at the man beside her and spoke very fast. "There is something you can do, to-night." She drew a deep breath, like a diver about to take a plunge. "You can come to my apartment and pretend that you're my past." After that she had to explain. Not everything. Just enough so that the young man wouldn't think she was crazy. At the end he glanced appraisingly at Jill and laughed. "I'm to be an ex-sweetheart resur- rected for the evening. I get the idea. It's a good one if it will give me a chance to know you better." "Don't count too much on that." Jill flashed him a smile. "It's a past I want, not a present or a fu- ture." "I've a bad memory. And I'll be so good that, after you've given the boy friend the air, you'll get the past all mixed up with the future." They stopped in front of the house where Jill had a tiny one-room apartment. "How about having dinner with me?" He leaned forward eagerly. "There's lots we ought to talk about." "I couldn't." Jill drew back hastily. "But you can come early to-night. I want you to be there when Bruce"--she stumbled a little over the name--"arrives." "Wait a minute! You haven't told me your name. I'm Hilary Borden; Harry to an old sweet- heart." Jill didn't quite like the way he said it. "I'm Jill Ainsley," she spoke hast- ily. "Good-by. I'll expect you about eight." Jill was trembling with excite- ment as she closed the door of her apartment. She must have been crazy to think up a stunt like this; but, crazy or not, she couldn't back out. And she didn't want to. She'd show Bruce Carroll! If he could go back to Lisa, she could have some one else, too. 