Little And Lovely 131 clothes as women always are, so let's say semiconscious and you stay just as you are. That dress is per- fect. You're a dream in it." "Thank you, kind sir!" Her elaborate curtsy in the dim light was an extravagantly lovely thing. "And now come here, young lady, and let me very seriously tell you that aside from wanting very much to spend the evening basking in the cool light of your beautiful eyes, I haven't wanted you and your young rashness to be alone to-night!" She stepped back in mock offense. "Then it wasn't that you were pining for my society? Just as sort of protector like a mustard plaster in cold weather or something?" Linden laughed: "Well, you could have picked out a little nicer simile. I don't know that I'm flattered! A mustard plaster!" Sophia laughed lightly- a laugh that was like the chiming of a thou- sand silver bells at twilight, a laugh that was like a soft breeze blowing over a colorful garden at vespers. "That makes it all right," said Linden. "Anything's all right that starts the music of your laugh. Have you ever listened to it your- self, little and lovely? It's the most beautiful thing." "Some day when I'm very down and in need of flattering compli- ments, I'll laugh and listen to it and try to remember that lovely thing you've just said!" "I could say so many things so much lovelier." There was a sud- den earnestness about his voice that Sophia recognized and that all but stayed the mad beating of her heart. The room seemed suddenly to be filled with a tense undercurrent of emotion. TO BE CONTINUED. Beginning Next Week! Beginning IN "Glittering Girl," May Christie's latest novel in serial form, Miss Christie pulls aside the curtain and reveals to her readers society as society really is. A débutante has her heartaches and trou- bles the same as any other girl. Her life is not a daily round of good-looking men, smart clothes, gay luncheon and dinner parties. Read the first installment of this fas- cinating serial in next week's issue of this magazine and find out for yourself just what a deb's life is like, how society acts when it takes off its party dress. Out Next Week! 