94 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine fit so well, was just the right shade of blue, and Marge had worn it only a few times. And where could you get a suit for five dollars? She could not wear the outmoded black satin hat that had been Aunt Bessie's pride last winter and her own abomination this, with her new suit, and hope to get a job. She scowled at the atrocity lying there with her newspaper turned to the "Help Wanted- Female" page. Her scowl changed to a look of astonishment as a man's hand reached between two shoppers and grabbed up the hat as if it were a prize. Actually, there was delight written all over the handsome face Mabrue saw over the women's heads. Then he was in front of her, thrusting her own hat at her and saying crisply: "I'll take this. Put it in a bag and make it snappy, please." From his bill fold he took ten dollars and gave her that, too. Marbue blinked. Then she grinned. He thought he was buy- ing a new hat! What luck! Now she could buy the new one. "Yes, sir," she said primly. She hurried away, only to turn and come back. Drawing him away from the mob, she confessed: "I'm not working here. The hat you want is my old one. I was trying on this blue one, you see, wondering if I could afford it." She gulped and held out his money. Tears stung her eyes. "And I," exploded the young man, "have spent the morning searching for just this lid for Aunt Ellen to wear to a funeral." Sud- denly, he brightened. "Say, Violet Eyes, how about a swap?" he de- manded. "Mister, you're an angel straight from the pearly gates!" "You're the angel!" he returned. "You'll be an archangel if you'll meet me at the glove counter with the hat and change. I've got to buy a veil and black gloves, and get all the way down to Deal, New Jersey." "I'll be only too glad to help you out," Mabrue answered promptly. "Heck! I've lost the list with her glove size on it. Lemme look at your hands, young hoss-trader. Yep, about the same size." "Six will do; then. How do you know I'll show up with the change?" "You're so all-fired, honest you couldn't even let me buy the old hat without a scenario of the plot. Lady, Norman Norris trusts thee." On the way to the glove counter, Mabrue went to the rest room to freshen her complexion and change hats. She smiled at her reflection. As she approached the glove counter, she thought how tall and well-built, and how very well dressed Norman Norris was. He smiled at her as he would at his nearest and dearest, and spoke in a voice, just as intimate. "Auntie's veil and gloves," he said, as he dropped the small bags into the large one she gave him. "Here are the blue gloves you wanted, dear." To the clerk he said: "Not many wives trust their husbands to pick out their mittens, do they?" "Perhaps madame would like to try them on," smiled the girl. Once more this strange young man was making Mabrue blink. Her winsome face grew rosy. Then she laughed delightedly. "Why not?" she said airily, favor- ing her husband with a mocking smile. "Did you get the rompers for Susie? And union suits for Danny?" She perched on the stool, and 