Little And Lovely 119 He smiled down at her. Sophia could just see his eyes gleaming in the soft light. "Not half so lovely as you've been," he said. She felt suddenly foolishly word- less. She knew that she should have some light flippant reply for that, but none came to her vivid lips. A thing that usually was easy for her was suddenly impossible. She looked up at him as they stood at the door of her studio. Her wide and lovely gray eyes met his dark ones just as their wistfulness was at its peak. "Sophia!" It came from him a trace huskily as she swung the door back and said gayly: "'Won't you come into my parlor?' said the spider to the fly." And she would have given worlds to have recalled those words then, just after her name had come from his lips sounding so like a prayer! "I can't think of anything nicer at the moment." He was once more the perfectly controlled publisher, lighting a cigarette with fine non- chalance, while Sophia's lips trem- bled over it and her breath came almost too unevenly to draw. But he seemed not to notice and with a perfectly steady hand lifted the match to his own cigarette. "Sweet little place you've got here," he said after they d sat for a moment of silence. "I like it." And it seemed to Sophia such silly conversation, such foolish meaningless words to say when there was really so much that she wanted to say to him. But something had happened to the evening. That whimsical mood of romance that had seemed to hang so tenderly near their grasp on several occasions eluded them en- tirely for the remainder of the eve- ning and Sophia held out her hand with prim formality as Linden rose to go. "It's been lovely this evening," she heard herself saying with strained formality when she wanted to say so many other things. "And it's wonderful of you to have in- terested yourself in me, helped me so to-day. I don't know what would have happened to me other- wise." And she was looking up at him very earnestly. But Linden brushed it all aside with an easy laugh. "Nonsense, child! you'd always get by- anywhere, anytime!" And then: "But don't fail to take care of that other matter to-morrow- the other girl." Sophia wondered if he'd even heard her reply, so casual and care- less was his leaving. She turned back to her room with an oddly unfinished, uncomfortable feeling. He'd been so casual and as for herself- She couldn't quite understand. She had supposed all along she had been in love with Vincent Nel- son, and yet it took only the near- ness of Linden since that first eve- ning to set her very blood on fire, to start a thousand wistful dreams in her heart. And his leave-taking had been so casual! Yet he had troubled to come and get her that morning, had put him- self in a position of obligation for her! Surely that meant some- thing! There were other girls in the office who could take his dictation almost as well as she could. Her brain was chaotic that eve- ning as she turned to her bed. One thing stood out even over and above her charge to see Rhoda on the morrow Thursby Linden had 