Fires Of Love 63 Quickly, she stooped and grasped Red's shoulders. How heavy he was! Gloria had never tried to lift a man before. She clenched her teeth. "I've got to!" she whispered. "Red, darling!" There was a crimson stain seep- ing out into the snow. The sight of it released an almost superhuman power in her slender body. Quickly, she slid her arms under him and staggered erect. A snarling shout from behind, and Gloria had lifted Red into the sled. She caught up the carbine, whirled, and fired into the darkness. Then the gun was back, lying across Red's body. Gloria's clear, eager voice rang out: "Mush--Tillicum--Juno! Mush, you rascals!" There was a sob at the end of that thrilling command. She was using the words she had so often heard Red use. And now she was balanced on the rear platform, and the dogs were racing with tense traces down a long grade. No more shots. But she could hear the distant yelps of another dog team. She had recognized that hoarse, evil voice. Jacques Lacleve had taken advantage of her emer- gency. And his team would be pull- ing a lighter load than Red's male- mutes. Something loomed, over at the side. Gloria shaded her eyes from the blinding snow. Set back from the narrow trail, she could just make out the gloomy bulk of a cabin. There were no lights in the windows. "Gee!" she cried. "Tillicum, Juno!" They were swerving. They took the turn into the narrow gulch al- most at full speed, and dashed up to the deserted cabin. "Red!" she panted. "Red, dar- ling, can't you hear me? Oh, I need you so!" But there was no sound from the motionless figure lying in the sled. With flying fingers, Gloria unfast- ened the dogs. She crossed to the cabin door and opened it. The malemutes trotted into the dark in- terior of the building. With determined chin raised high, she swung back to the sled. She got down on her knees, slid her round young arms under the figure of the man who had suddenly come to mean so much to her, and next moment was staggering across to the open door. She laid Red on a bunk in one corner. A threatening shout roared out suddenly. "You, inside the cabin! Must I keel you all?" It was Lacleve's voice. Gloria crouched near the shattered window. The carbine rested across her knees. If she could just see him, that evil head, poised on those immense shoulders. Confusedly, she found herself wondering at the strange, fierce strength that steadied her nerves and quickened her muscles. Was this the Gloria Carver who had played tennis at Palm Beach and Newport? Was this the careless, pleasure-loving young thing who had been going to marry Kirk Ral- ston, because he was the most de- sirable man in her set? No sound, save the mighty voice of the blizzard. Gloria shivered. Suddenly Gloria tensed. Some- thing was stirring, back there. The dogs yelped and snarled. A gun flamed, and one of the male- mutes lay kicking. 