Forgotten Bride 41 that I've never breathed to a soul," he said. "And I feel like a dog do- ing it. "Phil Barnes is dangerous. You mustn't be seen with him! You mustn't let yourself be seen with him! "Don't look at me like that! I hate to tell you this, as badly as you hate to have me, but it's true. I've a way of knowing--a way I can't tell, but a good way. Phil Barnes is mixed up in a scandal that's going to rock this school if it's ever found out!" Before Dawn could answer, before she could gather her shocked and angry breath, there was a step on the walk behind them, a jerk at the bushes, and Phil was beside them, his good-natured, weak face a twitching mask of rage. "You jealous, dirt-peddling sneak!" he cried. "I heard you. I couldn't help myself. Any one walking behind those bushes could have heard! So I'm mixed up in a scandal, am I? Well, all I can say is, any scandal I'm mixed up in, wouldn't be one, two, three with the one that's brewing about you! You're sure got a nerve, boasting to Dawn about the way you hear things! "I'll tell you where this guy gets his dope, Dawn, and I dare him to deny it! He gets it from Poke Brian's wife, that's where! And he gets something else from her too, or I miss my guess. Money! "Wait now, Jack Laird! I'm talk- ing, and I'm not finished. I've got a cousin living in your town. He knows your history. Your mother and father were divorced, and your mother ran away with another man when you were a kid. Your grand- mother raised you. On a thirty- dollar-a-month pension. Poorer than church mice, both of you. Yet you've had four years in college, a fraternity and everything that goes with it. That's a lot to get out of thirty dollars a month, I'd say. "How about those stories that Hilda Brian is seeing you through? How about those secret meetings of yours, that aren't half as secret as you seem to think they are? How about the checks with Hilda Brian's name on them, that have passed through the bank here? Things like that get out, you know. And crushes like hers--they're common enough, heaven knows. A beauti- ful woman with more money than she can spend and a husband too old for her." Jack's fists were doubled threats, and his bunched muscles strained at his sweater and corded his neck. Dawn threw herself between them, her arms out. She cried: "What an awful thing to say about any boy, Phil! What a terrible thing! That he would take money from a woman! Make love to her for money! Why Jack doesn't even know Hilda Brian! Doesn't want to!" "Yeah?" Phil's lips twisted into a mocking smile. "How about it, Laird? Maybe that wasn't you I saw with Hilda Brian Tuesday night? Parked in her big blue sedan, out by the water tower. Maybe it wasn't you I saw kissing her good-by, when you got out and walked back to town? "Oh, I spied. Sure I did. Who wouldn't? But I've never told, and I wouldn't have told now, if you hadn't started things." "Tuesday night?" Dawn cried, and stared stupidly fascinated into Jack's pale, still face. "Tuesday night? Why, that was the night you broke that date with me, told me you had to study! And instead 