148 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine traction, enjoy cooking, sewing, and out- door sports. I am interested in every one and everything, and am very anxious to show you what a good friend I can be, and how quickly I will answer your letters. I live in Washington, D. C., and can tell you all about this beautiful city. Peggee. This busy young mother still finds time for letters. Dear Miss Morris: I am a young widow of twenty-three, and have a four- year-old daughter. I am a nurse, and though I am kept busy enough, I still have time to spare when it comes to correspond- ing with Pen Pals everywhere. I'd like to hear from other young widows, although every one is welcome, and I will answer all letters received. Marcie. Girls, send your letters to this lonesome Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I do hope that some of the girls who read my plea will write to me. I am a girl twenty years of age, and being an invalid, I am confined to bed most of the time. I am part French, and have dark hair and blue eyes. I try to be jolly and cheerful, enjoy watching others engage in all kinds of outdoor sports, and I love to read and write letters. I'll be so grateful to you Pals if you'll write. Virginia Judie. She likes books, flowers, and good music. Dear Miss Morris: I am a lover of flowers, enjoy reading, and adore good music. I also love birds and the great out- doors. I suppose some of you readers may consider me a bit old-fashioned, but I man- age to keep in touch with the rest of the world. I am thirty-one, married, and want to hear from other wives around my age. I'll answer all letters. Wabash Lady. You'll find him agreeable. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young fellow of twenty-four, jolly, generally agreeable, and manage to get along well with most people. I like swimming, fishing, hiking, and dancing. I want to find a few true Pen Pals who have a sense of humor and ap- preciate real friendship. Please don't disap- point me, boys; I'll be waiting! Agreeable. A call for Western and Southern Pals. Dear Miss Morris: I would like to correspond with girls between seventeen and nineteen years of age, especially those liv- ing in Southern or Western States. I'm a girl of seventeen, fond of sports, and every- thing that spells fun. Please, girls, won't you write and make me happy? I've never had a Pen Pal, and think it would be thrill- ing to have friends everywhere. Jolly Bee. Tell these two chums what the rest of the world is like. Dear Miss Morris: We are two girls nineteen and fifteen years of age. We live in Wisconsin, enjoy the movies, listening to the radio, and dancing. We are good-na- tured, jolly, full of pep, and want to hear from girls all over the country. Girls, let's give the postman a run for his money! Sheboyganettes. Here's a Pal for you younger girls. Dear Miss Morris: I hope that some of the fourteen-year-old high-school girls who read my plea will write to me. I am also fourteen, have brown hair and eyes, and am fond of swimming, dancing, and most outdoor sports. I promise to answer all letters promptly, and will exchange snapshots. My real hobby is letter writ- ing, and I want Pals everywhere. Evelyn R. What's your hobby? These two Pals are interested in it, too. Dear Miss Morris: Do you think that some of the girls would be interested in writing to two eighteen-year-old Pals liv- ing in California? We like all sports, es- pecially horseback riding and hiking. We are interested in the hobbies of other girls, and would love to have them write and tell us about them. We promise to answer all letters, girls, so give us a break! Nell and Kay. You'll want a letter from this lively Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a lively and peppy young fellow of nineteen, with blond hair and hazel eyes. I'm interested in art, music, and the finer things of life. I like all sports, and can promise prompt and lengthy replies to all letters. I'll exchange 