56 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Tate. And he had never asked her for a date. Wasn't that irony for you? The one man who could have qualified, wasn't interested. He was inside talking with Mr. London now, and on his way out, he'd probably stop as usual, and ask her to be sure to put through the papers on the pur- chases from his company. Then he'd chat for a couple of minutes, in a way that would show he could be fascinating for hours. And that would be all! He was coming out now, strolling toward her. "They're getting another order of those tumblers," he said, "and-" "I know. And you want me to put" it through right away. All right." He laughed. There was a quiet heartiness about his laughter, har- monizing with the strength and re- straint of his face, which seemed more tanned than ever, in contrast with the white flash of his teeth. Merrilee had a faint sense of life speeding up in her veins, as he paused at her desk. "You read my thoughts so well," he observed, "I'm almost afraid to think in your presence." His conversation, in the fleeting minutes while it lasted, was always just personal enough to give the illu- sion of being only a part of a larger friendship. It made Merrilee feel al- most as if she really knew him. "I wonder if you'd do me a favor -" She stopped herself. What on earth was she saying? On an in- stant's crazy impulse she had almost asked him to help her! "Gladly. What is it?" he urged. She hesitated, almost panic- stricken. She had to say something, or he'd think her silly. The wild -impulse of a moment before, seized her again. "It's a strange thing to ask. I need an escort," she heard herself saying. She could feel the hot, blush on her face. "I want to play a sort of joke on a friend of mine. You're just the type of man she likes," she declared, with inspiration that amazed herself. "The other men I've been dating here in New York aren't as likely to make her jealous." For a moment he did not reply, standing with a puzzled grin, the color deepening under his tan. Now it was he who was embarrassed. It helped Merrilee recapture her poise. "Also," she was relieved and pleased at what she had said about dating other men and making her friend jealous. The idea had come to her out of nowhere. "I'm sure you'll like Nola Wil- liams, too, "she continued suavely. "She's really beautiful- tall and blond." She was about to add, And very wealthy, but decided that it would have the wrong effect. "It's Wednesday night. Will you help me?" she asked. "Isn't it a pretty difficult assign- ment"- he grinned uncertainly "trying to make some girl jealous?" "I think you're capable. Oh, and of course," she added with sudden positiveness, "I'll pay my own share of the expenses. It will be strictly business. At least, that part of it will. Fifty-fifty." His gray eyes surveyed her with a smile she could not quite interpret. "All right," he laughed, "but it's your own idea." Merrilee dressed and made up more carefully than she had since the first month she had been in New York. Her dress was of deep-green, that seemed to bring out her color, the flush of her cheeks, the deep- brown of her eyes, the somewhat lighter soft brown of her hair. She had arranged the hair to curve 