58 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine tanned, resolute face that frightened her. "I wonder if you know how beau- tiful you are!" he said in a low, vi- brant voice. "Gloria, it's no use pretending! This is a country where men speak the truth. And you-" Gloria's feet seemed frozen to that bottom step. A tiny voice within her cried: "Fly! Fly! You've started something you can't con- trol!" Then she was in his arms. Her face was against his, and Gloria found herself marveling at the sat- iny softness of his skin. He held her close in arms of steel. "Gloria, my darling!" he whis- pered huskily. "I've tried to fight against you--you're the only thing in the world I've ever feared. Love --it can be so terrible. But it's no use-" Gloria had recovered the use of her lithe young muscles. With a sudden twist, she freed herself. She stood facing him, breathing deeply. She knew that her eyes were still dancing, that her face was flushed. But that was just the mechanical reaction to being kissed by a man as handsome and strong as Red Mc- Kenzie. It had been an interesting experience. However, this confla- gration she had started must be quickly quenched. "I'm so sorry!" she said, almost in a whisper. "Red--Mr. McKenzie, if I've led you to think--if you've misconstrued-" He was looking at her with an expression that made her falter. There was amazement in it, and something else. Gloria knew that now her face was blazing. For an instant she dropped her eyes before that ac- cusing stare. Then she forced herself to look squarely at him. "I thought you'd remember our comparative circumstances," she breathed. Red frowned. He stirred, as if he were going to take her in his arms again. Then he laughed, a low, scornful laugh. "You mean that you are the daughter of a wealthy man, that you're listed in the social register?" he asked softly. Gloria tried to think of some other way of putting it. Somehow, Red managed to make the reason back of her conduct so sordid and ugly! Then she nodded. "And you've just been playing with me?" he demanded. Gloria wished she had never come down those wide stairs. She wished she'd never come to this North country. Almost, for the moment, she wished that she'd never been born. Miserably, she nodded again. "Oh, Red, I'm so sorry! I didn't think-" "You didn't think I could feel pain! You thought a man like me --a rough, common person, with no background--was just something to be played with, and broken, and tossed aside!" His voice was as cold as the storm wind raging outside. "I see! Well, I can take it. And perhaps learn a useful lesson by the experience!" He turned, and went striding across the long, mellowly lighted room, and out through a door that opened into the kitchen wing. Gloria stood without moving. Her lips were parted; her eyes were wide and frightened. Another door, over at the farther side, opened and a man came through. He was not as tall as Red, but he had enormous shoulders, and arms so long and powerful that they 