Going Primitive 29 performance, she had to admit that it was the finest thing of its kind she had ever seen. It was done so per- fectly that again and again she found herself swayed by his words and ideas. Yet knowing that it was a line, kept her from yielding. Martin favored her with his whole repertoire. And when he found her still adamant, she saw another side of him. He came suddenly across the shanty and tried to force her to kiss him. She held him off like an expert, without losing her temper. "Please, Martin," she said. "Please don't." She might just as well have asked a favor of the wind. Martin had experienced her kisses, and he wanted more of them. He was will- ing to be adroit as long as it seemed to be gaining him his ends. But if adroitness failed, there was always force. Dell found out that either Martin French had been lying to his friends about his admiration for girls who would not allow themselves to be kissed, or else he reserved that admiration for girls in his own walk of life. Waitresses were just a pleas- ant interlude. "I won't stop," he told her. "I'm mad about you. I'm wild about you." Dell shook herself free, and stood facing him, her anger rising. "Martin, she said, if you don't stop, I'll- I'll call for help. I'll scream, and with all the shanties close to us, somebody will be here darn quick. Now be sensible." Martin paused, uncertain, his face a thundercloud. Then he turned and stalked through the door, slamming it after him. Dell dropped into a chair, relief flood- ing her. She found she had been under greater strain than she had supposed. She stayed in the cabin because she did not know what Martin's next move would be. She had taken her skates off, and his were still lying over in the corner. She had picked up one skate and started to put it on, when he re- turned. "Martin," she said, in a desperate effort at reconciliation, "please don't take it like that. Please." She wanted to tell him that he was being inconsistent, but she could not. Not without telling him how she recog- nized his inconsistency. "But, Dell," he said, and he threw his hands wide in a hopeless gesture, "I can't stand it. I can't stand having you near me, loving you the way I do, and not being able to kiss you. I can't stand it." "Then I'll go away. Because you can't go on kissing me the way you did last night. If I let you, you'll think I'm cheap." She began putting on her skates again, but he stopped her. "No, Dell. You can't go. Please, Dell." Again he tried to take her in his arms, and again she eluded him. And it was then that she became aware of a new sound. The sound of runners on ice. The shanty was moving with the wind. She tried to tear herself free from him but he was expecting the move, and forestalled her. Then she tried to scream. But again he was too quick for her. He crushed his hand over her mouth, and held it there. "Go ahead and yell," he snarled, in a tone she had never heard him use before. "I fixed that. We'll be far enough away in a couple of minutes so you can howl till you're blue in the face." Gradually Dell's first, unreason- ing panic, the panic which comes to any person on finding himself held prisoner, gave way to an even deeper panic built on thought. They were 