The Friend In Need 155 Every girl wants a husband of whom she can be proud, and who will treat her with consideration. But she can't blame any one but herself if she allows herself to be bullied into marriage. As for the married man, make it a final "No"--and make it sound final. I'm sure that if he sees you are firm, he will stop calling. Dear Mrs. Brown: How can a girl be normal, happy, and carefree, if all around her she sees nothing but bitterness and bickering that would drive any one crazy? I'm a girl of sixteen. My father died when I was quite young, and my mother married again. For a little while every- thing seemed to be all right, but you should visit my home now. It's fight, fight, fight, all the time. I've seen so many unhappy marriages, that I don't think I will ever marry. My mother goes out with other men, and my stepfather does his share of going places with other women. Sometimes I think that I have seen enough of life to make any one sick of it. I've had a little experience myself. I started to date boys when I was fourteen. At fifteen I kept company with a boy of twenty-two. Right now I'm going out with a married man who doesn't live with his wife. He is thirty. But what's the dif- ference? People say: "Like mother, like daughter." They don't give me a chance; they expect me to be bad. and they'll talk anyway. I often feel as if I'd like to give them something to talk about. Before I started going with this married man I was crazy about a young fellow. I think I was really in love with him. Then some one lied to him about me, and he be- lieved that person. He didn't even give me a chance to explain. You may say he couldn't have cared for me, and maybe he didn't care as much for me as I did for him, but that didn't stop my loving him. I still think of him, even though I tell some of my friends that I hate him. I'm so lonely that I could cry, but I smile and pretend I'm happy. All my so-called friends would laugh if they heard me say that I was lonely. Sad Sixteen. When a girl has such a poor ex- ample of what happiness can really mean, it is small wonder that she feels disillusioned and somewhat hopeless regarding marriage and her own future. I sympathize with you, my child, but let me assure you that unhappy marriages are the ex- ception, and not the rule. Whenever young girls of sixteen moon around and think they're in love, it usually turns out to be nothing more than a schoolgirl in- fatuation. Perhaps there is no harm in an attack of puppy love now and then, but it's unwise to allow yourself to think that life isn't worth living just because some boy disappoints you. It isn't always a simple matter to erase unfavorable impressions from a youthful mind. But I think that if you would stop dating boys-- drop them altogether for six months or longer--and harness your in- terests in other directions, life would take on new meaning for you. Join girls' clubs, and, if it is at all possible, go to live with a relative for a while. It's really a pity that your mother has so little consideration for you, and so little respect for herself. Perhaps you can even go back to school. If you have to hold down a job, go to night school where you can take up some course that might interest you. If you throw yourself whole- heartedly into the change, a more balanced perspective will gradually return to you. Come again! Dear Mrs. Brown: I'm a young fellow of twenty, but feel about fifty after all I've gone through. Ever since I was fifteen I have been going with a girl I knew from school, and about a year ago we became engaged. We planned to get married last May. Two weeks after our engagement was announced I found out that the previous spring she had been in trouble and that the man had paid her several hun- dred dollars to straighten things out. Of course, I thought that she had learned 