126 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine They say she's spoiled and head- strong." "Did you ever hear of John or Jack Deering?" "Sure. Father and son. They're in business together. Exporters. Nice people, but not society, though the young fellow goes out a bit. I've seen his name in society columns. For the love of Pete, why all the questions?" "I'll tell you when I come in. Thanks a lot, Kit." Esther hung up. Sylvia was spoiled, changeable. Jack was in love with her. Sylvia had been flirting with him--she was not serious, but he was. It all added up. Well, Esther was not hurting Sylvia by taking this precious eve- ning. No one would be hurt except herself--but it was worth it. On the drive home she would tell him. She rehearsed the words. "Jack, get set for a big laugh. I'm Esther, not Sylvia. I've been play- ing a game-" She could go no further. It was no longer funny. It was cruel. "Put it out of your mind," she told herself fiercely. "Be happy while you may." Love. This was love. She had often wondered if love would come to her. And now, how strangely it had come. Jack was very gay, and seemed to be happy. Esther forced the shad- ows from her heart and fell in with his mood. Finally they left the highway and turned into a narrow road. Music floated out to them on the cold night air. Lights in a long, low building twinkled and beckoned. Cars were parked on the side of the building, their tail lights shining like red eyes. The night club was filled to capac- ity, brilliant with lights, sparkling jewels and the sheen of velvet gowns. Esther thought they were going to a quiet place. But this was bril- liant, smart. "If any of Sylvia's friends are here- I'll just have to take it," Esther told herself. But it wouldn't be fun if one of Sylvia's friends--who had known Sylvia so much longer than Jack had, and therefore would be able to see be- yond the striking resemblance-- should upset the apple cart. Esther herself wanted to tell Jack. She did not want another to tell him. But good fortune often favors the bold, Esther told herself, and head up, shoulders back, she walked down an aisle to the ringside table Jack secured. They spent a gay hour there. An hour heady with happiness for Esther. Everything seemed a little unreal. She felt like a leaf swept away on a stream of joy she had never dreamed of. Jack looking at her, eyes ardent. Dancing with Jack, the hard beat of his heart so near her own. Then the drive back, a late moon silvering everything, lending beauty to the drabbest object. Twice she started to tell him, but every beat of her heart protested against shattering the magic that in- closed her. Then they reached her apartment, the revelation stillborn on her lips. To-morrow night--to-night, it. was now, he was taking her to a show. She would have one more evening then. "Let me wear your black velvet to-night, will you, Kitty?" "Are you going out with Jack Deering again? That's five nights in succession! Esther, you're riding for a fall. He wants to marry Sylvia. Perhaps he's in love with 