Young And Beautiful 31 attentions," Mrs. Fenwick rattled on. "He and Sebastian are both handsome, both interesting-" "And both years younger than you, especially Gordon," finished Beverly. "I hope you're not tak- ing either of them seriously." "There you go, always remind- ing me of my age!" her mother pouted. "Other people don't think I'm as ancient as you do, Beverly. I'm only five or six years older than Luis Sebastian, and I don't look it. Sometimes I think you're jealous be- cause men seem to prefer my beauty!" "I'm not jealous, mother," Bev- erly protested. Nevertheless, she felt a twinge of conscience. She never had been jealous until Gor- don appeared. "But I wish you'd become interested in older men, like, our lawyer, who has adored you for years. I'm always afraid you'll get silly over some young man, and then--" Her voice trailed off. Mrs. Fen- wick burst into tears. "You begrudge my having any fun in life. I'll be old soon enough. I think it's horrid of you, Beverly." Beverly sighed. Her mother was just like a child. "I'm sorry, mother. Let's forget it," she said, putting her arms about the older woman affectionately. All such scenes inevitably ended with Beverly apologetic and remorseful. Mrs. Fenwick, dabbing at her eyes, took advantage of her daugh- ter's softened mood. "Darling, do something for me, won't you? We're leaving to-mor- row, so this is the last night I can spend with Luis." "What can I do?" asked Beverly wonderingly. "You can get rid of Gordon for me. When you see him in the lobby, tell him I'm staying in my room for the evening. Then I'll phone Luis's room, and we'll steal away to the Lakeside Casino for a few dances." Beverly hesitated, and her mother, reading her thoughts, urged her: "Please, dear! I'll enjoy it so. I'll probably never see him again, and I promise not to drink more than two cocktails." "All right, mother, I'll do it," promised Beverly. She felt a cer- tain pleasure in the thought that, though she did not relish the decep- tion, it would enable her to have Gordon to herself for a last few hours. He was not in the lobby when Beverly stepped from the elevator. Sebastian was there, however. "You are charming this evening, Miss Fenwick," he said, bowing. His gaze traveled over her lithe form in its close-fitting gown of jade green. "You are like a goddess of the dance, all green and gold." Beverly smiled coldly. She did not like his bold eyes. They made her feel creepy. "Mother has not come down yet," she informed him abruptly. "She is still in her room." He smirked complacently, as if there were some secret understand- ing between them. Then he bowed and left the lobby. A moment later Gordon sauntered in. Her heart leaped at his ap- proach. "Being confined to your room has improved your looks, if that were possible." He smiled. "Golden hair -green gown- blue eyes reflecting the green I call it bewitching!" Where Sebastian's compliments had repelled her, Gordon's words caused her to glow with inner hap- piness. "You're looking quite fit your- self," she said. How you stand up 