102 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine that morning. "Somebody has to be on the job. Doctor Burns dropped in with a handful of prescriptions before seven this morning." "Bet he came t'see you," Dick snickered. Heather's brown eyes were con- temptuous. "You are drunk. You know he's engaged to Nancy Tren- ton. See if a little sleep won't sober you up. You can't fill those pre- scriptions in the shape you're in now." "Y'd think we were married inst'd engaged," he mumbled. She slipped his ring off her finger, and laid it on the marble counter. "We aren't even engaged," Heather announced calmly. "I told you I wouldn't put up with your drinking again." He stared at her bare hand stupidly. She continued: "I can't go on, Dick. I've given you a hundred chances. And each time that you've broken your word it has done something to me to my feeling for you. I don't love you any more. I can't even respect you," she said with finality. Dick fumbled with the ring. "'Nother man," he said heavily. "Y're walking out on me because 'nother man." Heather colored painfully. "You had better get some sleep now. I'll stay on here at the store until you have time to break in a new girl." He laughed shortly. "Y're only talking, but maybe I'll call your bluff. Other fish in t'sea. Tilting his hat over his eyes, he walked unsteadily to the prescrip- tion room at the back of the store. He had set up a cot there for just such emergencies. Heather waited a few minutes after she heard the creak of the springs. Then she went back, too, and covered him with his overcoat which he had thrown onto the floor. She touched his hair lightly. He looked so utterly helpless that her heart contracted a little. With pity -not love. Pity that he should, at twenty-five, be throwing himself away like this. She had really meant it when she had told him that she no longer loved him. Now she wondered if she ever had loved him in the true sense of the word. Hand- some and fascinating, he had swept her off her feet in a whirlwind court- ship. She hurriedly closed the door be- tween the prescription room and the store as a customer impatiently tapped on the cigar counter. It was Nancy Trenton, very chic in a gray squirrel jacket and a tiny violet- colored hat pulled down over her short auburn hair. "I'm terribly sorry," Heather apologized. "I didn't hear you come in." "Two packages of cigarettes," Nancy said sharply. "Charge them to dad." Heather reached for Mr. Tren- ton's favorite brand. "I'm glad he's better this morning," she said cheer- fully. "Oh, they aren't for him," Nancy retorted. "He's still too sick to smoke. I'm tired of walking around on tiptoe, so I'm driving over to Lin- wood to-day. And, by the way, if Grant comes in here, don't let him know you saw me," she said quietly. It was then that Heather noticed the glistening black roadster which was parked in front of the drug store. The car bore a license plate of another State, and a stranger sat at the wheel. Heather glanced swiftly at Doctor Grant Burns's fiancée. "Grant is so tied up with his prac- tice he never takes me any place," Nancy said defensively. 