124 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine testing go! And I happen to want Vincent. Do you think I want to work at a typewriter all my life? Not so's you'd notice it! And Vin's going to be somebody some day and I'm going to be the wife of that somebody!" "And you're letting things like that keep you from being honest about Arnold?" There was unbelief in Sophia s voice. It was almost impossible that Rhoda, who had been worrying over a nephew being out at night, could be so hard and callous. "It isn't a matter of that- it's what's going to happen to me that I'm thinking of. I can't afford to do anything different than I am." "Then I suppose," Sophia began in a lower tone, "that it would be just as useless to tell you that I'm in the jam almost as badly as Arnold is? Mr. Linden has gotten me out. I spent a night in a cell for you. It s pretty indefinite whether I'll stay out or not." Rhoda paused on that for a mo- ment. Then: "Surely if your boss" -with a peculiar intonation - "can get you out, he has influence enough to keep you out. And that should be enough for you. Let people stew in their own juice, I say! If Arnold hadn't been drinking so much they'd believe what he says and he'd be all right. He needs a lesson!" "So do a lot of us, Rhoda, but not quite this cruel a lesson." "Well, is there anything else you want to say to me?" She had finished the crisp salad Sophia had put before her. W"ould there be any use saying anything else to you?" Not if it's along the line you have been talking." Sophia sat staring out the low windows at the back of her apart- ment, windows that looked out onto the garden she loved, the pool where fish that she had actually made friends with, moved like darts of gold, the trees and privet that swayed in every breeze that passed but she saw none of the beauty of it. She was thinking of a number of things of love and the things it did to people. Rhoda cheating cruelly and calling it love. The exquisite blonde polluting Linden's leisure hours with "musts," and calling it love. "Love" was a word, she decided, that could mean almost anything or nothing at all. "Well?" It was Rhoda smiling faintly, a tinge of triumph in the smile. She evidently felt that she had won her point. Sophia looked up at her, studying her face intently for an instant. "Well, nothing, I guess," she said finally. "There just isn't any more! Everything's been said that can be. I don't know what next." And then she paused a moment, a strange little smile twisting her vivid lips as an idea, rather a memory, came to her. She said: "You're getting away with this just as you got away with that story about the attempt at kidnaping you, aren't you? Or, at least, you think you are." It startled Rhoda for a moment, caught her off guard, but only for a moment. She grinned. "Well, it worked anyway, didn't it?" she asked. "Vin didn't let me go home alone any more. I'm not so dumb, after all!" "Pretty cheap stuff though." A trace of loathing in her voice as she thought back to the night Rhoda had told that far-fetched tale. "Well, all's fair in love and war, ole dear! And this was both! It 