152 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine I am sure there isn't another woman in the case, Mrs. Brown. Is it so unreason- able for a wife to expect her husband to notice her, and to show her that he ap- preciates her, as he used to do before marriage? Whenever I read about lonely wives, and how some of them accept the attentions of other men, I often think it serves a hus- band right if he neglects his young wife to the point where she is starved for some attention. As long as I love my husband and have my children to think of, I suppose I'll try to put up with this indifference on his part. But it certainly isn't all honey for a wife, once the sweetheart idea has worn off to a shadow. I would love to hear from other readers, and especially men, as to why hus- bands forget that a wife is human and needs as much attention after five or ten years of marriage, as she did before mar- riage. Almost Disgusted. It would seem that from time im- memorial men have been used to feminine praise, and have taken it for granted that such praise is due them because they have to go out and toil for their families. But do they really forget that their wives also toil, and that praise and an outward show of appreciation we humans find so sweet would be wel- come when the monotony of house- keeping is over for the day? Let us observe any two young people in love. They compliment each other, pay attention to each other's likes and dislikes, and are usually careful not to appear indif- ferent to each other's interests. But what happens in so many cases after several years of mar- riage? Judging from the countless letters that reach this department, it would appear that husbands are often to blame for many unhappy marriages because they forget that wives are warm-hearted human be- ings hungry for compliments, soft flatteries, and comments of ap- proval. A man may love his wife, think all the lovely things in the world about her, but if he stints on words and actions of praise, how can she know what he feels? If men would only remember that a few sincere compliments mean so much to a woman, one of the serious thorns in marriage would be quickly removed. Dear Mrs. Brown: May I say a few words to girls who are in doubt as to how they can keep their boy friends interested? The main point, I'd say, is to know your man. If my two experiences will be of help to some other girl, here they are: I went steady with a young man for a long time. We became engaged, but because I showed him that I did not care for the company of other boys, and wanted him only, he got the idea that no one else could possibly be interested in me, with the result that our engagement is now a thing of the past. Then I met another boy I liked. I thought I would try a different method with him. I teased and led him a merry chase, went out with other boys, and he was never sure of me. He finally decided that I couldn't possibly be constant. So, you see, what you can do with one man you can't do with another. Some men like to be tackled, and give the girl the reins to steer them hither and you, while others like to be the hunters in love, and feel dis- gusted with high-handed tactics. However, I, for one, have decided to play high-hat and wait for my phone calls, even if I have to wait the rest of my life. A girl has only her pride and reputation, both of which men are ever so ready and willing to snatch. Why not give the boys a run for their money? Let them come after you. I have had plenty of experience that showed me the wisdom of this de- cision. Baby Face. Your turn now, family. Should men, as Baby Face says, be given a run for their money? Are they really so selfish and mercenary as to stand ready to snatch a girl's pride and reputation? Let's hear from you! Dear Mrs. Brown: May I talk to you for a littie while, and tell you my story? About nine months ago I fell deeply in 