The Silver Duke 83 maintained apartments for enter- taining their friends--often girls from Swantown, with whom they amused themselves until their fancy changed. Lizette had decided that Janine had been discarded by a fickle young playboy. Well, let her think it, if it helped Jan to hide more securely. Nevertheless, she wouldn't go around with the Duke. But she didn't know the Duke, nor anything about the terrible heat that lay like a pall over Swantown, turning its streets to black rubber, its skies to brassy smoke, and good resolutions into thin air. Janine was glad to get away at night with the Duke, to the clean, cool water, where they spent the evening hours racing up the coast. He seemed to have unlimited funds, and Janine grimly pushed the thought of their source into the back of her mind, along with the other self who had once been safe in Beverly. Buddy disappeared suddenly one night, and the Duke professed not to know where she had gone. Jan missed the vivacious, black-eyed, adoring Buddy more than she had expected. Aside from Anne, Buddy was the only real friend Janine had had, and it hurt incredibly to have her go without even a good-by. The Duke had not repeated that mad kiss. Sometimes he seemed to be laughing at himself about some- thing. Often he stayed away days at a time, but always, he came back. Useless to tell herself she was Janine Broun of Beverly. She was really Jimmy Brown, madly in love with a man who dared not show his face in the daylight. Hurrying along the street on an errand one day, Janine surprisingly met Lutie face to face--Lutie, slim and cool and elegant, in her float- ing flowered dress and wide hat. Janine stepped in surprise. "What on earth, Lutie Broun, are you doing down here?" "I could ask the same, only I hap- pen to know," Lutie jeered. "What do you mean, Lutie? I thought you had gone North long ago." Lutie shrugged. "We were all ready to go when I ran into you that night. I've been looking for you ever since. Why not come home? I'll admit I was mean, but you got my goat. I'm going to marry Carle- ton Vance soon as everybody gets back from the resorts, so you can come home now." "Why, Lutie, how nice," Janine said slowly. "Nice, nothing! If you come, naturally the Silver Duke will tag along, and I owe that guy plenty," she flung out angrily. Janine gasped. "You mean you want the Duke there?" "Sure. You could melt here and I wouldn't raise a finger," Lutie re- torted cruelly, "but I can't keep on coming here to see the Duke. I want to strut him before the girls, too." "Come down here to see the Duke? You mean-" "Sure," laughed Lutie. "Didn't he tell you? I've been to his apart- ment often, but he won't come where I am. Seems to dislike daylight," she said hatefully. "I think you are terrible, Lutie Broun," gasped Janine, shaken with rage. The Duke and Lutie. Was that the reason she hadn't been see- ing so much of him? Lutie shrugged and laughed, but her thin face was flushed. "I thought you were a nut to come here, but now I see. Oh, I got it out of Anne. Mother worried so. Where did you meet him, Jan?" 