YOUR STARS and YOU by  Kai YOUR WEEK This is a forceful week. There will be changes, restlessness, and strong emotional reactions. Carry on with your work and pay strict attention to your job, not for- getting to consider new ideas and new methods of procedure. Be careful in han- dling money. Take care of that which you possess and be careful of swindling and robbery. The planets carry an undercur- rent of sobriety, practicality, and serious- ness, which can be made very helpful if used constructively. Do not be bitter or morbid. Utilize these serious moments for considering all things carefully and logi- cally. Eliminate those factors which are impeding your progress. Do not expect too much from your emotional relations with others. Be kind, tolerant, and understand- ing. Make the seven-day period efficient and productive. Allow no day to pass you by without having accomplished some- thing, no matter how small or petty you may consider it. DAY BY DAY Hours mentioned are Eastern standard time Saturday, March 10th This is a mixed day. Some parts of it will be pleasant and harmonious; others will be unusually active; others will be emotional and upset- ting. The morning hours will be exciting, unsettled, stimulating mentally, and there will be a tendency to act rashly. This is a good morning and favorable after- noon for using original ideas that are practical, and for relations with those in supe- rior positions. The evening hours will be steady, conserv- ative, and quiet. Do not de- pend too much upon your social expectations this eve- ning. Hilarity and excessive festivity are not the order of the evening Sunday March 11th The morning hours will be active, the afternoon hours slightly dull and dependent upon routine; the evening hours interesting and suit- able for lively conversation. Just an average day, but not entirely unfavorable. There will be many features of the various periods which will be harmonious and decidedly pleasant. Monday March 12th Until 8:30 a. m. this morn- ing there will be pleasant reactions and domestic har- mony, if you do not try to force issues. Keep the deeper emotions in the background. The day as a whole will bring delays, disappointments, and emotional upheaval. Do not be morbid. Do not try to force 