70 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine had never told her that Eric him- self was one of that gang of four men, the thieving, murderous gang that had helped kill Red's father and ruin his life! She shrank from Eric with loathing. She had known he was ruthless, shrewd, but not a thief! How had she ever imagined she loved him? "What do you say, darling?" he insisted fatuously. The world turned crimson for Paula. She wanted revenge for Red. She wanted to help him. She wanted to follow him anywhere, everywhere, even if he were a fugi- tive from justice into the desert, into the mountain, clinging with him on the fast horse with jingling spurs. Oh, if he would only let her go with him! Why, she'd freeze or starve, just to be near him, just to have him kiss her carelessly now and then for she loved him, loved him, loved him! Why hadn't she known it before? Then she remembered. Red did not want her. Red would never take her. She got up stiffly. "I'll let you know to-morrow, Eric," she said in choked tones, and her face wet with tears, rushed back into the ballroom. The chill of dawn came into the hotel room which she shared with Yugi San, and found her haggard, unsleeping. All night long she had lain there trying to think of a way to keep Red from committing this crime. Although he felt the money was rightfully his, if he took it as he planned, he would be hunted down like an animal. His danger, his suffering, cut her as if her throb- bing heart had been laid bare. Alternately with this feeling, came the glory, the sweet shame of her love for him. She was proud of loving him; Jack Delafield, smooth, suave man of charm, and Red- glorious Red, the bandit, who had forced her to drive off with him, and who now held her soul in the hollow of his strong brown hand. It rushed over her in wave after wave that left her weak and trem- bling. The kisses of Monty and Eric were nothing, nothing. She had never been desired by any man, because Red did not want her; she had never been kissed by any man, because Red had denied her his lips! Yet she was powerless to save him. After it was over, he would ride away and leave her. Only a love pawn in his game! Red's knock at the door sounded like the trump of doom. She felt like a prisoner going to her execu- tion when they slipped down to the comer near the bank, shivering under their coats. A small rented car waited near by. In it, Red was to make a dash for the border where the fast horse waited, and Paula, unsuspected, would be left free to take the first train home, or stay in California with Eric. "Good-by, Paula, and forgive me. You're a great little girl!" Paula could hardly see the dark head, the slate-gray eyes, for her tears. In a few moments now- Why, it couldn't be! She couldn't bear it! "Red," she said desperately. "Don't- don't do this thing! Don't brand yourself for life! In your heart, you know it's wrong. Don't mind about me. I don't matter. I don't count. Kick me aside. I won't tell. Only get away, and start your life somewhere else. His face grew so dark, she thought he was going to strike her. "No!" he cried. "No, no, no!" For a moment, Paula stood still on the bare street corner, the wind whipping her skirts. 