Reckless Bride 43 hand in a close warm clasp. "When he does, he'll be informed at the of- fice that the place is vacant, which is true. We've sublet it furnished for the rest of the lease. The new ten- ant is coming to-morrow or the next day. When I left this morn- ing I didn't expect to be back, and mother was getting ready to leave. She's going to live with some friends in Westchester while I'm abroad. So the coast is clear. It will be the safest place we could possibly stay for to-night, at least." I stared at him breathlessly. "But how can we get in without be- ing seen?" "We can go around by the service entrance. The janitor's a good scout. He'll take us up in the serv- ice elevator and forget about it. It's not exactly the way I had planned to bring home my bride, but it's bet- ter than running the chance of be- ing separated again, isn't it, sweet- heart?" In the dusk of the speed- ing taxi his gaze held a light of love and longing that made my heart pound madly. "Oh, Don yes!" I whispered tremulously as the cab swung to the curb and stopped. Luck seemed to be with us. The street was deserted when we got out and walked the short distance to the rear of the apartment house. And a few cautious moments later, we found the hall to his suite empty as he unlocked the door. Even in our tense haste to get in before any one happened along, he picked me up in his arms and carried me over the threshold. "For good luck!" he said with an unsteady little laugh when we were safely inside. Without turning on the lights he carried me through the foyer into the big living room beyond, his foot- steps on the thick rugs scarcely dis- turbing the silence. I could feel his heart pounding hard against mine as he made his way through the quiet shadows, and I sensed that he was thrilling to the same riot of emotions that were taking away my breath. The soft darkness was broken faintly by pale moonlight filtering through the closed Venetian blinds, lying in silver strips on the floor and touching the objects about the room into vague, opalescent shapes. The very atmosphere bathed us in peace, melting away the nervous tension that had tormented us through the past hours. With a happy sigh, I closed my eyes as Don sank down into a deep divan, still holding me in his arms. "Darling -home, at last!" He strained me close until our two hearts were thudding as one, until I was half gasping with the sheer joy of our surrender to love. His lips, hot and demanding, buried themselves in my throat, throbbed over my face, tingled on my eyelids until I looked up at him in breathless wonder, almost faint- ing with sheer, swooning happiness. Oh, I loved him so much! His arms were tightening with pas- sionate eagerness, his eyes shone with tender light, his voice was whispering his love with each quick, unsteady breath. Trembling, I raised my lips parted in breathless, quivering surrender to his. Ecstasy, like liquid fire, raced over me as I felt the stabbing sweet- ness of my husband's kisses. His eyes were drowning me with love as he bent over me. Suddenly, I felt him stiffen. Look- ing up, I saw he was staring in- tently over my head. Then, as I turned quickly, instantly on the alert, I heard the sound that had startied him. From an adjoining 