132 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "You're glad to have Lisa back. You're glad to be rid of me!" "You know why I want you to leave--so that we can be married." "And you really expect me to marry you, with Lisa here in the office? That would be a swell ar- rangement." Jill was so angry she could have cried, but her pride wouldn't let her. "As long as Lisa was"--she paused before she could say it--"well, your past, I didn't say a word. But I'm not going to marry any man who insists on bringing his past along with him into the fu- ture." Bruce laughed aloud at that. "Stop laughing! There's nothing to laugh at." But he didn't stop, and Jill clenched her small fists des- perately. "How would you like it if I brought my past home some night and introduced him to you? Would you laugh then?" Jill didn't really mean to say that. She only wanted to make Bruce stop laughing. And she did. So sud- denly that it scared her. "Your past? Now you're talking nonsense!" He sounded angry. "Perhaps." Jill was shivering in- side. "You don't think you're the only one who ever loved any one else, do you?" "Listen!" All at once Bruce seemed to tower above Jill. She could almost feel herself shrinking. "Pasts don't bother me in the least. You love me now; that's all I want to know." "I don't love you." She tried to make it sound true. "I was mis- taken last night. It was--it was just the moonlight--and every- thing." Bruce grasped her shoulders. "I wasn't mistaken, and I don't believe you were, either. I love you, and you love me. You're jealous." "I'm not!" Jill twisted from his grasp and started toward the door. "I'm going right now. You can keep your Lisa," she gasped tearfully, "and I hope she makes a better sec- retary than I did." The phone rang, and Bruce reached for it mechanically. "There's no use trying to talk here. I'm coming to see you to- night, and I'll make you change your mind." Jill paused with her hand on the knob. "There's no use talking, because I won't listen. And you needn't come to-night. I don't want to hear any explanations." Bruce acted as though he hadn't heard. "I'll come," he said quietly, "to-night, because I know you love me." For answer Jill slammed the door. "I don't love him," she whispered as she ran through the outer office. "I don't," she repeated defiantly as she jammed on her hat. She didn't even look at herself in the mirror or wait to powder her nose. All the way down in the elevator Jill was glad she was angry. And she would have to stay angry, so that to-night, when Bruce came, she would be able to send him away. She mustn't be foolish or weak. She mustn't remember Bruce's kisses, or last night, or anything. Jill stumbled as she stepped into the street, but no one paid any at- tention. How could any of those people know that she had left her heart in Bruce Carroll's office? And that hearts can't be taken back sim- ply by saying, "I hate you!" Jill's mind was still whirling with thoughts of Bruce and Lisa when she started across the street. One car skidded around her, and another driver swore softly as his front wheels went over the curb, but the third didn't have room to turn. He 