146 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine considerable stage experience, as I am a tap dancer. Fellows, please drop me a line. I'll answer all letters received. Perry. Ethyl lives near a large Canadian city. Dear Miss Morris: I have never had a Pen Pal, so won't some of you girls please write to this Canadian girl, of nineteen? The town I live in is located on Lake On- tario, and isn't far from Toronto. I am in- terested in dancing, skating, swimming, and crazy about reading. I would be delighted to hear from girls far and near. Ethyl. Life doesn't bore this Pal. Dear Miss Morris: May another lonely girl of twenty-one enter your Cor- ner? I enjoy all sports, and get a real thrill out of just being alive. I have black hair, blue eyes, and a happy disposition. I like to make friends, go to parties, and always manage to enjoy myself. I'll answer all letters, and hope to hear from every Pal who reads my plea. Ola Mae. A radio, opera, and movie fan. Dear Miss Morris: Won't some one please take notice of my plea for Pen Pals and write to me? I am a peppy girl of seventeen, and the fact that I live in the city does not prevent me from be- ing lonesome. I am crazy about receiving and writing letters, and my other hobbies are reading, radio, movies, and the opera. I promise faithfully to answer all letters received. Anxious Alyce. Boys, here's a real Pal for you. Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man of twenty-four, and greatly interested in music and literature. I am all alone in a strange city, and completely without, friends. I'll gladly exchange snapshots, as photography is one of the hobbies I really enjoy. Won't some of you fellows please write? I'll surely answer. N. C. L. This Pal enjoys mystery stories. Dear Miss Morris: I am a lonely girl of twenty-two, enjoy movies, mystery stories, and love to write long letters. I would especially like to correspond with girls who live in the West, but every one is welcome, and I'll answer all letters re- ceived. I will also exchange snapshots and picture post cards. Girls, please don't pass me by. Etten. Three Pals at a throw. Dear Miss Morris: We are three happy-go-lucky girls between seventeen and twenty years of age, interested in sports, especially dancing and swimming. We would love to correspond with Pals who live in the South, and those who hail from California, although we promise to answer all letters, and will exchange snap- shots. Come on, girls; let's get acquainted! Jerrie, Tonie, and Terrie. Write to her about your beauty problems. Dear Miss Morris: Please publish my plea for Pen Pals. I am a lively girl of twenty-two, live in Canada, and own a beauty shop. I have traveled quite a bit, and can promise some very interesting let- ters. I would like to hear from Pals every- where, and especially from California. Girls, won't you try me? Doctor Ann. This Pal is musically inclined. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young man in my early twenties, enjoy books, shows, dancing, and music. I would appreciate hearing from Pals between twenty and thirty years' of age. I am living in South Carolina, and hope to visit New York this summer. Won't some of you fellows every- where drop me a few lines? Prompt replies are guaranteed. Nate Dobby is good-natured and friendly. Dear Misa Morris: Here's another good-natured and friendly Pen Pal of eight- een with lots of time on her hands. Won't some of you girls please write to me? I like sports, dancing, and although I do not attend college, most of my friends do. I would like to hear from Pals between eight- een and twenty-five. No matter where you live, girls, I promise speedy replies. Dobby Hoping is ambitious for a movie career. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a lonely girl of seventeen, enjoy sports, dancing, movies, and making friends. I'm a junior at high school, and greatly interested in the pro- duction of moving pictures. In fact, I have high hopes of becoming a movie actress some day. I will be glad to ex- change snapshots, and guarantee an answer to every letter received. Hoping. 