120 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine going, if we're going to save the bridge and the dam, and keep that darned crazy fool Bill of yours from running himself into the pen in spite of everything we can do. Let's get busy!" They brought water and doused Pitt with it. They shook, pounded and thumped. They got him at last, groggy and only half-conscious, down the narrow path to the parked car, and pulled him in. The blow that had felled him had been a ter- rible one. His lips were green- edged, his skin yellow paste. In spite of his sickness, he tried to talk: "Drive like the devil! He will try - the bridge first. We'd planned one more go for to-night. I've been crook long enough. I'm coming clean." He stopped, ex- hausted. Then after a while: "We'll save those jobs yours and Brent's, if I die for it. And what- ever they hand me, I'm taking. Afterwards, if Honey still loves me, we're beating it back to the East, where we belong, Honey and I. This is your world, McMaster, yours and Bobbie's, not Honey's and mine." But Red said nothing at all. He was too busy, his lips grim, his eyes on the road before him, his knuckles showing taut and white on the wheel. It had been a long, slow drive up. It was a long drive back, but not a slow one. They teetered and tipped and swayed. Branches cracked above them, the gravel flew beneath their flying wheels. There was the roar of the exhaust, the splutter and throb of the pounding engine, the junction with its lights whizzing by like fireflies in the dark- ness, and then the valley road, un- rolling its dusty white ribbon before them. It was on the ridge, where, through the break in the trees, Bob- bie had had her first view of the bridge, that Red slowed, then brought the car to a sudden stop. "Look!" he said. "Good Heaven! Look!" And following his pointing fin- ger, Bobbie saw what she had seen on that first and never-to-be- forgotten evening -the bridge- but not as she had seen it then, a fairy thing against a moonlit sky. There was ~ nothing fairylike about it now. It was frightening, terrible! There were smoke clouds rolling up from it, and long tongues of fire licking greedily at the black night sky. Even where they stood, the smell of fresh burning wood came up to them, to mix with the stale smoke scent of the heavy air. For a moment they stared. "We're too late," Bobbie cried miserably, while Pitt groaned, and Hulda covered up her face with her hands. But Red was out of the car, running down the hill and shouting back to Bobbie: "Take the car on down to the bridge. I'm getting help. Tell Tim I'll bring them along the river path every man we've got, all the 