40 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the signs across the road for the hot tears stinging my eyes. But only for a moment. There was no time for futile regret now. Blinking away the tears, I ran across the broad highway. Then, as I began searching the signs, I heard something that made my heart jump into my throat. Down the road a high-powered car was zooming toward me. Instantly, my brain flamed with alarm. It might be the police! Per- haps Miss Hill had already set them on my trail! Quick as lightning, I darted down the bank and hid in a clump of bushes, so thick that I couldn't see the road as I crouched there, cold with panic, praying des- perately that the car would pass on. But it didn't pass. With a screech of brakes that froze my blood sickeningly, it ground to a stop in the very spot where I had stood a moment before. Heavy feet leaped to the asphalt, bounded down the bank, came crashing through the bushes. Panting with stark terror, I fled through the brush like a wild, hunted animal. But it was no use. I was half paralyzed with fatigue and fear. A hand reached out and caught my arm in a firm grip. Sobbing stormily, I tried to fight free. But I was whirled helplessly about to face the dazzling sunlight. Then, suddenly, I wondered if I had lost my mind. "Lynore!" It was a sharp breath, harsh with unbelief. My heart stopped beating. Blinking against the blinding glare I stared up incredulously at the tall form towering over me while the world stood still. My senses reeled dizzily. Oh, it couldn't be Don! With a hoarse groan he stooped and engulfed me in his arms. Hungry, trembling arms that strained me tight in an agony of relief. "Don!" I couldn't believe it. In another minute I'd wake up and find it was just a dream. With a sob, I put up my hand, half fearfully, to touch his face, and felt my heart leap wildly. No, it wasn't a dream! "Oh, Don!" Hysterically laugh- ing and crying at the same time, I crumpled against him, clinging to him while wave after wave of de- lirious joy surged over me. For an endless moment we clung together, not able to speak, not ask- ing the reason for this unbelievable miracle, knowing only that some- how our arms were where they be- longed at last, each crushing the other heart to heart, lips mated again in starved breathless kisses, while the long weeks of cruel loneli- ness faded away. "Darling!" Don's hand trembled over my hair, my eyelids, my throat, as though to convince him- self that I was real. He drew back a little, his eyes searching mine. "Where on earth have you been?" he demanded passionately. His face bending over mine was so haggard and drawn that my heart contracted seeing how terribly he, too, had suffered. Unsteadily, I pointed back up the road where I had come, telling him about Hillcrest Manor and explain- ing that I hadn't dared to let him know where I was for fear Oliver would carry out his threat to ruin his career if we tried to see each other. "There was nothing I could do but wait for my birthday. But when I saw in the paper that you were or- dered to sail, I couldn't wait! So to-day I -I ran away from school," I faltered, my cheeks tingling guiltily. "I was trying to find some way to get to New York when you 