The Friendliest Corner 153 women, young and old, and any one who would appreciate a true, sympathetic, trustworthy Pen Pal. Here's some one who will share your joys and the brighter side of life, if only through letters. I would especially like to hear from those living in or near Detroit, although letters from everywhere are welcome. Let me be your friend, Pals. Nurse True Heart. Tell him your problem, boys. Dear Miss Morris: I would like to hear from fellows of all ages. It doesn't matter where they are living, either. I'm a boy of eighteen, and have nearly fin- ished my first semester's study of law. I'm interested in human nature, and everything that is of interest to others. You can tell me about your troubles, boys, and I'll try to help you. I promise to answer all letters, and will do my best to be interesting. Let's go, boys! Open-minded Frank. She adores the country. Dear Miss Morris: It's very nice to live in a big city, but I adore country life. I've traveled a little, but feel it was not enough. Writing letters is my pet hobby, and I hope that girls everywhere, age doesn't matter, will write to me. I can sew, cook, play the piano and saxophone. I collect stamps, love to read, and am studying French. I'm twenty years old, and friends say I'm a very attractive girl. Illinois Lily. Nadine's life is lonely; write to her. Dear Miss Morris: Having lived in big cities ever since I can remember, I find existence in a small town rather painful. I've traveled a lot, so perhaps that is why I'm restless. I have no friends here, though at present I'm attending college, and am longing for some Pen Pals. I'm still in my teens, have reddish-brown hair, blue eyes, and am slim. I'm a 1934 mod- ern girl. Come on, everybody! Nadine. He appreciates art. Dear Miss Morris: Please find room in your Corner for my plea. Hi, there, fellows! Do you want a Pal who won't bore you? I'm six feet tall, like to sing and laugh, and enjoy life in general. I have studied art and have been quite suc- cessful in it. I will send you some of my sketches if you want them. I'd like to hear from Pals living in Michigan and California, especially those who also ap- preciate art, have traveled some, and are between twenty and thirty years of age. I'll answer every letter. Live-wire Ed. She lives in fascinating Hawaii. Dear Miss Morris: My plea is for lots of Pen Pals who will write to a girl living in Hawaii, the paradise of the Pacific. I want to hear from Spanish and English girls who have felt the lure of tropical countries. I promise faithfully to answer all letters promptly, and I'm sure my replies will be far from dull. I've had an interesting life so far. May I tell you all about myself, girls? Lotus Bud of Hawaii. She'll console lonely hearts. Dear Miss Morris: I am most inter- ested in finding Pen Pals through The Friendliest Corner. I'm a girl of nineteen, have been disappointed in love, and can sympathize with those who have had heartaches. I'd like to hear from those who are lonely and blue, because I believe that I can help them to cheer up. Girls between eighteen and twenty-one, won't you write to me at once? Inviting Sylvia. Western interests are her lot. Dear Miss Morris: Please may I en- ter your Corner? I'm a brunette who'd like to see the rest of the world as happy as I am. I'm not exactly lonesome, but I love to write letters, and want to hear from girls everywhere, particularly cow- girls living on ranches in the West. One and all, I'm asking you to please write to Gay Daredevil Ace. Want a Pal in far-off England, boys? Dear Miss Morris: Does any one care to write to a lonely young man of thirty- two, at present living in Yorkshire, Eng- land? Then send your letters my way. I've had an interesting life, and am sure I can keep my Pen Pals busy writing to me. I have an even-tempered disposition, try to be generous with every one, and the few friends I have seem to have no objection to having me around. I would 