20 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Just an error. Too bad I dragged you clear out here for nothing." Fran was shivering. Her head ached horribly. The price of Derek's pride was marrying Bill! She laughed hys- terically. Yesterday, she might have thought that being married to Bill was the grandest thing in the world. To-day, she knew better. She saw Bill with true eyes, and what'she saw, made her shudder. "Let's hurry!" she gasped, begin- ning to walk toward the subway. She must get away before Derek missed her. "Don't you want to get your hat?" Bill's voice seemed to come from a long way off. "What do I care about a hat?" Fran was tramping resolutely along. The ride into town was seemingly endless. Bill's hands were hot and possessive on her arm. Bill talked a great deal. Fran crouched against the seat. She felt numb and queer. "I'll be by to-morrow morning at nine," Bill said, when he left her at the door of her boarding house. "But let me tell you: If you try to com- municate with this Van Erp fellow, everything'll be all off. And he'll go to jail! Don't forget that. And re- member: I'm being pretty forgiv- ing. Not every man would conde- scend to marry you, after what's happened!" When Fran was alone in her room, she brushed her lips with her spread fingers, whimpering like a child who has been hurt. Married. Married to Bill! Oh, she couldn't! She threw herself face downward on the bed, and wept. Finally, ex- hausted, she fell asleep. It was eight o'clock when she woke, stiff and unrefreshed from sleeping in her clothes. Numbly, she undressed and bathed. She couldn't think. Couldn't plan. Her mind seemed to have stopped. Slowly she put on her prettiest dress and her best slippers. With shaking hands, she rouged her pallid cheeks. Some one knocked at the door. Fran's hand flew to her heart. Had Bill come already? Surely it wasn't time! "Coming!" she said in an odd little scared voice. She pulled her hat over her curls. Her feet stumbled as she went to the door. Bill kissed her till she went limp in his arms. Everything in the room whirled about crazily, while Fran fought to keep from screaming. "White!" he said in a satisfied tone. "I'm sure glad you're wearing white. A regular bride!" Fran whispered: "I don't love you. You know that. Yet- yet you insist on this farce of a wed- ding?" Bill's eyes darkened angrily. "Stop that sort of talk!" he com- manded. you're going to be my wife. And my wife is going to do as she s told!" The marriage-license bureau was filled with people. Tremblingly, Fran followed Bill into the room. She felt as if she were Marie An- toinette on the way to the guillotine. Fran looked at the people dazedly. Tall women seemed to marry little men, and big men selected little girls. Old and young. Homely and pretty. Fran bit her lips, and sank down onto the nearest chair. "You'll have to wait!" cackled the old man who was with a young, gig- gling girl. "Looks like people is still gettin married, despite what the books and newspapers say!" Fran felt as if there wasn't enough air in the room to breathe. She twisted her fingers together. She 