74 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine spoiled all that? When you showed me the right way? And what use is there for me to run from you, al- though I wouldn't admit it, you had me tied the first hour I went into your home, and watched you one night, trailing down the stairs, to meet Monty Lewis? Darling, dar- ling, I might have known I couldn't harden my heart against you, you wonderful, vivid little queen!" Deliberately, he stopped under a feathery pepper tree on a side street. "Let them catch us if they want to, but first, I'll have my kiss!" A flame of tender fire enveloped Paula. His kiss made everything else in the world seem tame; his kiss set everything that had hap- pened before it, into the past. This, and this only, was the beginning! Of life and love and rapture. It was so that Uncle Jerry, in the pursuing car, found them a few moments later. Uncle Jerry, who had trailed Paula across the con- tinent on the clue of that little crook to her signature, and who had ar- rived at the bank to ask news of Eric, just in time to see her fleeing with Red! After that, there was nothing else for Uncle Jerry to do except use his influence and his check book, in hav- ing Eric and his crowd brought to justice. And the newspapers made a heroine of Paula! But Red stubbornly refused to let Uncle Jerry's money do anything for him. "Sweetheart," he said, after the simple ceremony that meant just another marriage to the clerk, but heaven to Red and Paula, "do you realize that you've married a pretty poor man?" "Don't try to walk out on me!" cried Paula, her lips on his. "What difference does money make? The little love pawn has taken her heart's king! For always and always!" He crushed her to him and kissed her- long, thrilling kisses. "For our honeymoon," said Red softly, "I know a fast horse that will carry double!" And, holding her close in his arms, he told her of the horse, and of the tiny cabin in the desert where, under a star-spangled sky, they would spend their honeymoon. PLIGHTED TROTH CASCADES of copper curls, your hair Is like a Paisley shawl, Protecting shoulders white and fair Of one for whom I dearly care, Who is my life, my all. Their glory, like a burnished sea, Alight with sunset gold, Reflects the warmth of love that we Shall know and feel eternally What our embraces hold! Frances I. Shinn. 