104 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine one in town. But Nancy was that. And Nancy was engaged to Grant. Heather turned sharply away from the mirror, a little afraid of what she might see in her own eyes. Dick was deep in a drunken stupor. She took him by the shoul- der and shook him vigorously. He was as limp as a rag doll. She tried sloshing cold water on his face, but still he slept. Then she slapped him repeatedly with the palm of her hand, until he sat up at last. "What the-" he began hoarsely. "Dick Dick," she cried urgently, "snap out of it. You've got to fill those prescriptions. Both Doctor Burns and Doctor Addison have been in." "Lemme lone. He slid back onto the pillow." "Dick!" She shook him. "Please -Dick!" she cried tearfully. She got him on his feet and mixed a bracer. "Here, drink this." Heather took the empty glass from him. "How do you feel?" she asked anxiously. "Rotten." He swayed a little on his feet. "I mean," Heather explained, "do you feel as though you could go ahead with the prescriptions? Is your head clear enough?" "Sure. Get me some coffee and I'll be all right," he said brusquely. "Black coffee not dish water. And you might write out the labels for me. I'm too shaky." "Maybe I'd better go for the coffee instead of phoning," she sug- gested. "Then it's sure to be strong enough. But I'll write the labels first, so you can get started. You're sure you're all right?" she repeated. "I could put up old Addison's stuff in my sleep," he snapped. There were eleven prescriptions in all. Heather wrote out the labels in her neat, round hand as Dick read them to her. She often did that for him. Sometimes she pasted on the labels, too. Then, slipping into her coat, she ran the block to the res- taurant. She was sitting on a stool at the counter talking to Bill, the pro- prietor, while she waited for the special brew of coffee, when some one in the kitchen screamed. Bill muttered under his breath, and darted through the swinging doors. And as the screams continued, Heather ran into the kitchen, too. There she found Sadie, the waitress, gripping her right hand with her left. The front of her apron was stained with blood, and her wrist was bleeding profusely. She pulled away from Bill when he tried to help her. "Doctor Burns is in his office. I'll take Sadie there if you'll rush that coffee over to Dick, yourself," Heather offered. She pulled a clean handkerchief from her coat pocket, and knotting it around Sadie's right wrist, she made a tourniquet with it. The girl still gripped the palm of her hand, so that Heather could only guess as to the extent of the injury. Sadie's frightened screams had changed to moans of pain. Heather watched her anxiously as she took her to Grant's office. He was sitting at his desk, head resting on his arms, when they entered. Doctor Addison had already left. Sadie sank limply into a chair and showed him her hand. "Steady," he whispered tensely, in an aside to Heather. "I'm going to need your help." Twenty minutes later Grant took Sadie home, and Heather was glad to drop down onto the couch in his back room. She was feeling a little faint herself, and she was dead tired 