Office Scandal 137 "I can see one thing," he said curtly. "From now on this is go- ing to be a private party, and you're going to be outside." Harry began to sputter, but Bruce silenced him, and in another moment the door was closed and she and Bruce were alone. "It was my fault." Jill tried des- perately to keep her voice steady. "I asked him here. I--I wanted to show you-" Bruce wouldn't let her say any more. His arms were holding her close--tender, understanding arms. His kisses were on her lips--thrill- ing, rapturous kisses of almost un- bearable delight. "Bruce!" she whispered brokenly. "Bruce, darling! I've loved you all the time." Bruce kissed her again. "Are you telling me?" he asked joyously. "I knew that from the beginning." He picked her up and sat down in Jill's big chair. It was marvelous how comfortably two people could fit in one chair. "And now about Lisa." "You don't have to tell me about Lisa." Jill snuggled closer. "I was a jealous little idiot." "I want to tell you about her," Bruce interrupted firmly. "She did work after hours in the office, and have dinner there, and dance; but" --he smiled down on Jill--"I wasn't the man who was with her. Perhaps you remember that writer friend of mine, John Howard Turner, who ex- plores odd corners of the world, and then turns up every once in a while with a best seller on his travels." Jill nodded vigorously--as vigor- ously as she could in the tight circle of Bruce's arms. "Well, he dropped in one day last summer with some typing that had to be done immediately, and he bor- rowed my office and Lisa to do it, and--you know how attractive some secretaries can be. Soon he was bor- rowing my office whether he had work to do or not. They used it as a regular meeting place, because Lisa hadn't as yet obtained her divorce, and they didn't want to be seen to- gether till after she was free." "Her divorce!" Jill opened her eyes wide. "I didn't even know she was married." "Scarcely any one did. She has her divorce now. That's why she went away--to get it. As soon as Turner comes back again they're to be married. She'll stay with me till then, and break in a new girl so that"--he paused a moment and then finished very solemnly and ten- derly--"we can be married at once." "And to think"--Jill was almost breathless with happiness--"I al- most let a silly office scandal spoil our love. I've learned one thing. Love isn't all romance and kisses. A big part of it is trust, and under- standing, and forgiveness." Bruce's arms tightened about her and his eyes met hers for a long, wonderful moment. Then slowly, tenderly, he kissed her, and as Jill thrilled to the rapture of his lips on hers, she knew that always their love would be a glorious thing, be- cause of their utter faith in each other. 