The Friendliest Corner 145 dancing, and writing letters. I'll welcome letters from Pals from nineteen to twenty- five, but there really is no age limit--I crave mail from every one. La Fayette. Modern Ruth likes all sports and loves to play the guitar. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a girl in my early teens, have traveled a lot, and can tell you girls about some of the interesting places I have visited. I love sports, like school, and have had the thrill of playing my guitar over the radio. Won't some of you girls please take a chance on me? I have lots of hobbies, and you can tell me about yours. I hope some of you Pals in the Hawaiian Islands will also answer my plea. Modern Ruth. Who'll write to lonely Bachelor Sam? Dear Miss Morris: Will you please help me find some Pen Pals? I would es- pecially like to hear from Pals in New York. I'm a young Chinese man of thirty- four, friendly, good-natured, and ready to hear from any one who wants a true friend. I promise to answer all letters. Bachelor Sam. Her friendliness will bridge the miles. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a brown-eyed, golden-haired girl of eighteen. I live in California, and would like to hear from girls all over. I am interested in all sports, and as I haven't many friends, I get terribly lonesome at times. I will be glad to ex- change snapshots, and promise to be a true Pal to any one who takes the trouble to write to me. Alviso Pal. You'll want a letter from Brown- eyed Jewel. Dear Miss Morris: Won't you please print my plea in your Corner? I'm a girl in my teens, full of pep, enjoy outdoor sports, reading, music, and dancing. I col- lect pictures of movie and radio stars, and will be glad to exchange snapshots, picture post cards, and other things of interest. Won't some one write to a girl who wants true friends? Brown-eyed Jewel. Who'll write to Detroit Honey? Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young girl interested in dancing, swimming, skating, and tennis. I'm really very lonesome at times, and as I love to write long letters, I will be only too glad to hear from girls everywhere. I'm considered a very good singer and dancer. I'd like to hear from girls between fourteen and sixteen years of age, and will exchange snapshots. I'll be waiting, girls! Detroit Honey. Give this girl a taste of real friendship. Dear Miss Morris: Just a line from a lonely young girl in Rochester. I am twenty-three, love anything that spells a good time, and am working as bookkeeper. Come on, girls everywhere, drop me a line. Life gets montonous sometimes, and writing to Pen Pals will surely be interesting. Booky. She plays four musical instru- ments. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a sixteen-year- old girl from Oregon. I'm interested in sports, and can play four musical instru- ments. I have brown hair, gray eyes, and am full of fun. I want to hear from girls all over the world, and promise to answer all letters received. Girls, send your let- ters to Portland Ann. Life behind footlights fascinates Paul E. F. Dear Miss Morris: May I please en- ter your Corner? I'm a young man inter- ested in corresponding with Pen Pals every- where. I am of French-Spanish descent, six feet two inches tall, with light hair and blue eyes. I like social life, enjoy sports, music, movies, and my ambition is to be- come an actor. I live in Canada, but I hope that this won't prevent all you fel- lows from writing to me. Paul E. F. She's had some sorrow in her life. Dear Miss Morris: I'm in search of true-blue Pen Pals. I'm a married woman of eighteen, but for the past year and a half have been separated from my hus- band. I certainly am disappointed in love and marriage. However, I still believe that there are true friends to be found, and I would be very glad to hear from single and married Pals everywhere. I'm sure you'll find my letters interesting, girls, as I have been around quite a bit. I promise to an- swer all letters received, and will exchange snapshots. Arkansas Millye. LS-10A 