Little And Lovely 127 are going to bring in some one for every crime now. As long as they have some one to pin a thing to they won't make much of an effort to get any one else. As long as they can hold Cranston there everything will be hunky-dory. Cranston's pretty much alone in the world. There's no one turning heaven and earth to get him out poor bird. And he's evidently too much of a man to give this other girl away." "But he will give her away when he realizes how serious it's going to be with him!" "I'm not so sure," he replied, in a tone as if he himself wondered at the fellow. "I've been looking into that and the strange part of it is that he's fallen into an attitude of not caring. He seems to feel his life isn't worth mixing other people up in trouble and so he isn't saying a word!" "But he can't do that! Why, it's crazy of them to accuse him- crazy! There isn't a bit of evidence that points to him!" "Of course there isn't. The case against him is as full of holes as a sieve. There just isn't any case against him! But what difference does that make? Until some one else shows up they've got him and the wheels of justice are moving along and, of course, the time will come when it will be too late to do anything even if any one would." Sophia stared. Her eyes were wide with horror. It seemed im- possible that her innocent hurrying across the street that night could have resulted in so much turmoil. It seemed impossible that the processes of law and the thing called justice could be so weird. There was nothing sane or sen- sible about holding Arnold! Any one could see that. But the trouble was no one wanted to that is, no one who mattered. Sophia looked down then, again, at the note in her hand. She shivered as if a cold wind had blown over her and closed her eyes for a moment. CHAPTER VII. When Sophia opened her eyes again, she felt Linden's gaze upon her and saw in the dark depths of his fine eyes that warm, gentle thing that had gone so straight to her heart and held it once before. She made an impulsive movement toward him. Her slim white hands went out involuntarily through the cool dimness of the room. It seemed to her that her very heart was crying out in its loneliness and longing. And then the sharp ringing of the telephone bell shrilled through the silence. Sophia started. A mask of fear lay for a moment over her white, startled face. The thing was getting her nerves. Linden understood. He was on his feet beside her. He had her hands in his, small, cold, fluttering. He held them firmly. "Hold on to yourself," he said in a low, calm tone. "You really haven't a thing to fear as long as you're careful and I'm seeing to it that you're that. Let me listen while you answer." Sophia lifted the instrument and spoke into it. It seemed that she waited a thousand years for some sound from the other end of the wire. It came finally, low, guttural, horrible: "Say, lady, if you like the place you're livin', better lay off the 