108 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "But, Len, you--you didn't do it?"--uncertainly. Then suddenly sure: "I know you didn't do it, Len." His face relaxed its grim lines, and he smiled gratefully. "Thanks for the confidence, Billie," he said with a momentary return to his old-time manner. "No, I didn't do it. In fact, I guess you must realize by now that until we found out that our boats had been tampered with, I thought you had done it yourself." "But, Len, you've got to deny it. Otherwise, they may find you guilty." "I'll deny it after I'm sure you're not being considered. And I've got a lot of confidence that something will turn up in the meantime." But Billie couldn't feel his con- fidence. Always misery had fol- lowed everything she did. Len would be found guilty. If he didn't, the road to happiness would be open before her. But she, somehow, couldn't believe that she was des- tined to travel that road. As she was passing the office on the way out, a trooper stopped her and asked her if she would step in- side for a moment. Another trooper sat at the desk, a set of ear phones lying in front of him. "Miss Preston," he said, "I'm be- ginning to be more and more inter- ested in this matter of the missing canoes. What are your theories?" Billie thought it peculiar that he should have changed his point of at- tack so suddenly, but she had no idea that the reason for his doing so lay in that pair of ear phones in front of him. "I have no idea," she said, "who could have been out there. Some- body who knew that Gil would be there. And I'm sure he kept that fact fairly secret." "Well"--the officer nodded pleas- antly; more pleasantly than any of the troopers had acted toward Billie since the affair had started--"we'll keep our eyes open." And if you have any ideas, let us know." Back at Montycroft, Billie de- cided one thing. She would not give up this chance at happiness. And since she loved Len so much, she would not let them punish him for a thing he had not done. Never. Somehow she would find a way to exonerate him. She had no idea how she would do it. But somehow she must. The popular idea that all beauti- ful women must of necessity be dumb, is a long way from the truth. Like many thousands of others, Billie was a living refutation of that idea. Bewilderment and despera- tion gradually wore off, and gave place to quiet, organized thought. Billie finally came to two startling conclusions. One was that some- body might have come out to the island to kill Len. And in the dark killed Gil by mistake. The second was that if Mr. Hol- land were really in love with Flor- ence, he would have had a very good reason for getting rid of Len, whom Florence loved. Billie sat bolt upright in her chair out on the porch, her eyes surprised and staring. Once started with that train of reasoning, thoughts came thick and fast. Where had she seen Mr. Holland before? In New York obviously, or else she had seen a picture of him. Perhaps he was sufficiently disguised from his real self to fool her, yet at the same time to have that vague familiarity. Why was the sight of him always linked in her mind with evil? There must be some reason. If her feeling that Holland was crooked should prove to be correct, 