92 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine The next thing Kathy knew, his arms were around her, his lips were on hers, and a wild, strange ecstasy, was holding her limp and helpless in his grasp. When he released her, Kathy stood, very still and very white, staring at him. She was shaking; her teeth were chattering. It wasn't be- cause she had never been kissed before; she had. What pretty girl hasn't? It was that she had wanted those kisses. That the instant Wade Duncannon's lips had touched hers, something had happened to her. Something wonderful, some- thing terrible! Something that had made her forget everything but his lips on hers. But then she was remembering again! "You!" she gasped, her voice hoarse with fury. "How dare you? How dare you?" She stared, fasci- nated, at a muscle that beat and throbbed in his white face. "How dare I?" Wade asked, and laughed. "Does that mean how dare I kiss you, or how dare I ask you to go up to the cottage with me? You women! All alike, aren't you? Bluff. Promises. You, who were willing to do anything. Any- thing!" His words came bitterly from between twisted lips. "Right- eous now, aren't you? You weren't so righteous when you took that thousand dollars for a fur coat! "You know I won't make you go through with it, and- I won't. you're cheap, just like Helen. you're cheap and chiseling. But you win." He reached for the phone, and got the outside office. "I want a thou- sand dollars in gold certificates, issue L. 19873. Have them here in- side an hour." Looking up, he faced a new Kathy. "I'm not a chiseler, Wade," she said. "I'm ready to kiss you any time you want me to. I'm ready to go with you, too. When do we leave?" There was defiance in her upraised chin. Her whole air was defiant, but there was no defiance in her eyes. Instead there was fear. The fear of a child facing the dark and terribly afraid, and try as she could, Kathy could not hide it. Wade took her hands. "Kathy, for months I would have given my life to have kissed you just once, as I kissed you now and you haven't let me touch you. For months you could have had me, my name, my love, and you turned them down. And now you are willing to let my wife spread your name across the front page of every newspaper in this town! You are willing to go up there to that mountain place of mine alone, with me, for two nights and a day, for a fur coat! It doesn't make sense. "I want to know his name! I want the name of the man for whom you're doing this. I want his name!" It seemed to Kathy that her heart was crying. That inside her, she could feel its tears, but outside she was quiet and still. Even her voice was level and controlled. "When- ever you are ready to go, Wade," she said, and walked away from him. In her own office Kathy pulled out her machine, and went about her work. She took dictation- Wade's dictation her fingers pounding methodically at the keys. She took messages- Wade's mes- sages. She listened to his terse, hastily made plans. He was to call Helen's attorney and notify him when Helen could get her evidence. They were to leave, he and Kathy that very after- noon, after work. He said, and Kathy's cheeks crimsoned miser- ably: "No need your going home after clothes. Everything you'll 