The Friendliest Corner 147 Girls, Blue-eyed Mary will appre- ciate your letters. Dear Miss Morris: I am a lonely girl of twenty-two, five feet two inches tall, have blue eyes, and a jolly disposition. I like outdoor sports, making friends, and promise faithfully to answer all letters re- ceived. I will gladly exchange snapshots, and hope to hear from girls far and near, and of any age. I live in Philadelphia. Blue-eyed Mary. No matter what your interests, boys, you'll find Vick a congenial Pal. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young fel- low of almost twenty, interested in many things, but specialize in aviation, amateur photography, and movies. I like writing letters, and hope to hear from boys far and near, regardless of their hobbies. I'll exchange snapshots, and promise to answer all letters received. Boys, here's hoping I'll hear from all of you soon. Vick. She gets a lot of fun out of life. Dear Miss Morris: I am looking for single Pen Pals between seventeen and twenty-one years of age. I am a girl of eighteen, have recently graduated from high school, like to read, write, dance, sing, and usually manage to get a lot of fun out of life. I have a few hobbies, but my fa- vorite one is to write and receive long, chummy letters. So come on, all you gals everywhere, and send me a letter. I live in the old Bay State, Massachusetts. Manya. A brother and sister. Dear Miss Morris: We would like to join your Corner and get many Pen Pals from everywhere. We are a brother and sister, age seventeen and nineteen, live in New Jersey, and like to write letters. We enjoy dancing, outdoor sports, and will gladly exchange photographs and snapshots. Come on, boys and girls, and let's get to- gether. We'll be waiting to hear from you. Marge and Martin. From the land of bagpipes and kilts. Dear Miss Morris: I can't tell you how wonderful it would be for me if I could correspond with Pen Pals everywhere. I'm a girl of almost sixteen, live in Scot- land, am fond of sports, dancing, music, and like fun and gayety. I am especially keen about swimming and skating. I have blue eyes, light hair, and am considered a good sport. I will answer all letters. Nan of Greenock. He wants to tell you about his travels. Dear Miss Morris: It has always been my ambition to write to Pals far and near. I have traveled some, and intend to travel some more, so perhaps I would be an in- teresting correspondent. I'm a young man of twenty-three, and easy to get along with. I have lots of time for writing letters, and hope many of you Pals will not hesitate to let me hear from you. Stevens. She's looking for something to fill her time. Dear Miss Morris: I am a very lone- some girl of sixteen. I hardly know what to do with my time, now that I no longer go to school. I would certainly appreciate hearing from girls everywhere, and promise to answer all letters. I am a tall blonde, love music, horseback riding, ball games, and reading. I am also fond of pets, and especially cats. Please write to me, some one. Bella. Ohio Floyd is not a ladies man. Dear Miss Morris: Could you find space in your Corner for my letter? I would like to hear from young men every- where, regardless of age. I'm a young fel- low of twenty-one, not exactly a ladies man, can play the piano, and my favorite hobby is composing music. I guarantee an answer to every letter, so won't some of you fellows write to me? I'm sure you won't find your time wasted. Ohio Floyd. 