Strand Of Gold 105 Now she was free. Yet fate had made her free under such circum- stances of horror and death that she was worse off than she had been be- fore. She was accused of the mur- der of her husband, with little chance to free herself from suspi- cion. She wondered why she was not allowed to enjoy happiness like other people. In the abjectness of her misery, she buried her face in the pillow and sobbed. Of course there was one thing for which she could be thankful. They had not arrested her. They prob- ably felt that there was not enough evidence against her. They had taken her to Montycroft the night before. And she was thankful for her own bed, and for freedom, even if it was under surveillance. She rose and bathed, and then went downstairs to learn what new developments there had been since the night before. While she break- fasted, the previous night's events ran through her mind over and over. The one thing which stood out sig- nificant in her mind was the fact that the canoes had been set adrift. But she could not prove even that. After breakfast, she got the paper from the front porch and, half fear- ful of what she might find there, she opened it. It was the Burling- ton paper, first edition, off the presses a little after midnight in time to come down on the early-morning milk train. The information avail- able at the time of going to press had been very meager, but the story had been given a good deal of promi- nence. The fact that the excursion- ists aboard the Ticonderoga had been the first to see the dead man, and that their searchlight had picked out a woman running away from the body, had been played up. Mr. Robinson, the article went on to say, was on the staff of Camp Arrow- head. It gave, too, a short resume of his life, evidently gleaned from a long-distance call to Warren. On the whole, it was better than Billie had expected. The paper was careful not to say a word about mur- der, only hint at it, and the woman had not been recognized by those aboard the Ticonderoga. Billie hardly had finished reading the newspaper account of the trag- edy when a reporter arrived, fol- lowed almost immediately afterward by three more. Billie's first inclina- tion was to refuse them an interview. But she very wisely decided that if she told them her version of the story first, she might profit a great deal by it. And if she could enlist their sympathy, there was no telling how much good they might do her. The reporters were still at Monty- croft when the two troopers of the night before, together with an offi- cer, arrived. They dismissed the re- porters, and then cross-examined Billie for an hour or more. Most of the questions she had already been asked. At first she was patient and helpful, but as it became plainer and plainer that they wrere trying to make her confess to the murder of Gil, she lost all patience. "Listen," she snapped, "I tell you once and for all, I didn't do it. I don't know who did it. And I don't much care. And how do you like that? Anybody with the brains of a brainless donkey would know I didn't. And at that, I'm probably insulting the donkey." She was angry, and she expected them to be angry. But they grinned at her, as if it had all been a huge joke. That turned her anger into exasperation. They left soon after- ward, the interview, as far as Billie could see, having accomplished nothing. They were hardly out of the 