102 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine is to tell. It's not what you think." She gave back the plate and cup. "May I have your newspaper to look for a job, please?" "I'll get it; but, honestly, honey, you've got me scared." While Mabrue looked through the want ads, Marge read. Suddenly, Marge giggled. "Well, if this dame isn't wearing the twin to your hand-me-down lid, I'll eat the paper!" she cried out. It was the name that Mabrue saw first- Norman Norris! Then his picture. He was with a handsome elderly woman who was wearing the old hat she had given him. Mabrue, with a little cry, seized the news sheet. Her heart pounding madly, she read the account of the funeral of a wealthy Jerseyite, which Norman Norris, famous cartoonist, and Miss Ellen Bradburst Norris, daughter of- the late Senator Wade Norris, had attended. Monday evening found Mabrue and Marge in the latter's room. They had just eaten a sketchy meal cooked over the forbidden electric grill. "Monday in the housewares is no picnic," yawned Marge, "but I bet you feel worse than I after tramp- ing all day and not finding a job. You should have bought a smart hat as I told you," she chided, never guessing how she was hurting Ma- brue. "My béret looks cute on you, but it's not the right lid to go job hunting in. That reminds me. The dame with the twin of your hand- me-down is hogging the headlines. In again to-night." Mabrue turned cold with terror. "He-she isn't- hurt or anything?" "Robbed. Take the paper along with you. I'm going to lie down." Mabrue hurried to her own room with the newspaper. Under the picture which had appeared the day before was the headline: NEW RACKET PRICELESS CHINA STOLEN; RANSOM DEMANDED. When Miss Norris and her nephew, Nor- man Norris, creator of the popular syndi- cated cartoon "Let's Be Gay!", returned to their Murray Hill apartment this morn- ing, they discovered that the choicest pieces of Miss Norris's famous collection of Ori- ental china had been stolen. The thief had left a note which read: "You can have your stuff back for five thousand dollars. I shall phone instruc- tions Monday." A girl named Mary Brown, hired by Mr. Norris to guard the china, is being sought in-- Mabrue read no more. Her mind in chaos, she slipped downstairs to the telephone in the hallway." She found Norman's num- ber, in the directory and dialed it. Her heart was thumping so it shook her body. He had said "Hello" three times before she could answer. She said: "Norman? This is Mabrue. I didn't take the china, nor-" "Mabrue!" his voice shouted. "I know you didn't. Say, they didn't kidnap you, too, did they?" he cried in alarm. "No. They may have kidnaped -your wife." "Diane! How did you know about, her?" he asked harshly. Mabrue replaced the receiver and stumbled blindly upstairs. In her room, she collapsed on the bed. Norman had lied to her, deceived her! His own words had confirmed that. Sobs shook her, great, tear- ing sobs, but her eyes were dry. She became aware of loud voices, heavy footsteps, then a pounding on her door, and a demand that she 