106 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine about the marital status of the red- headed cop, for they were laughing together like old friends. "Mr. Casey is seeing me home, Mabrue," she said. "Shall I wait until Mr. Norris is finished?" "No; run along. Telephone me at his apartment." She grew rosy. "I'll need a bridesmaid very soon, Marge." Presently Mabrue and Norman were driving through the busy streets to the quieter Murray Hill section. Outside the door, he took her in his arms. "You do love me?" he asked tenderly. "Yes, but I can't seem to think that-" "When one is in love one doesn't think, sweetest. One only feels. Tell me what you feel, darling one." She whispered tenderly: "I feel that all the love I am capa- ble of is going out to you." "My own sweetheart," he mur- mured. He laid his lips on hers in a kiss that sent the blood racing hotly through her. She clung to him in the dimness, every fiber of her being vibrant, throbbing, as she gave him back kiss for kiss. "To-morrow," he said huskily, "will be our wedding day. Let's go tell Aunt Ellen that all's well. You must not be afraid of her, sweet- heart. She's really a kindly soul." "I fear nothing when you are with me, to-morrow's husband," she mur- mured. As he carried her upstairs, he asked: "Want to slide down again? Or shall I spank you?" She laughed and nestled closer in his embrace. After Norman had told Aunt Ellen that it was Diane who had stolen the china, which, he assured her, was quite safe and would be returned, he brought Mabrue to her. It took the elderly lady a full three minutes to inspect the younger one. Then she exclaimed, "You'll do, child!" and kissed Mabrue heartily. Presently, she resumed her doze, only to start awake and glance at the lovers on the divan, talking ear- nestly. "Where does your aunt buy her hats, Mabrue?" she demanded. But Mabrue and Norman were lost to everything save their own happy plans, so, with a resigned shrug, Aunt Ellen turned away. "Anything might happen to the maid of honor!" said Avis Kent to herself as she sped along the deserted moun- tain road where danger seemed to lurk at every turn. She was on her way to be the only attendant at her best friend's wedding, and she said the words blithely, carelessly, lit- tie knowing what adventure lay in store for her. Follow her gripping ex- periences to a dramatic climax in "Captive Wife" a new story By PEGGY RUTHERFORD appearing in next week's issue of this magazine. 