ADVERTISING SECTION The only man who could talk to the Superintendent For several years, he was just like a score of other men in the plant--a good, honest, fairly capable worker, but only that. There was nothing distinc-tive about him or his ability--nothing to make him stand out from the crowd--no reason, as a matter of fact, why he should ever receive a raise. Then one fortunate day he decided that the reason he wasn’t getting anywhere was because he lacked special training. He searched around a bit --asked a great many questions--and then en- rolled for a home-study course with the Inter- national Correspondence Schools. "Soon after I began studying," he wrote to us the other day, "we had a change in management at our plant. The new superintendent said that only men who had really studied their work were in line for positions as foremen. "I certainly was glad then that I had decided to study in my spare time. For, thanks to my I. C. S. course, I was the only man in the organization who could talk to the superintendent in his own lan-guage. As a result, I was promoted over men who had been here from ten to twenty years." What are you doing with the hours after supper? Can you afford to let them slip by unimproved when you can easily make them mean so much? One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in thd quiet of your own home, will prepare you for suc-cess in the work you like best. Yes, it will! Put it up to us to prove it. Mail this coupon today. INTERNATIONAL CORRESONPDENCE SCHOOLS "The Universal University" BOX 4910-F, SCRANTON, PENNA. Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, "Who Wins and Why," and full particulars about the subject before which I have marked X: Technical and Industrial Courses □ Architect □ Architectural Draftsman □ Building Estimating □ Wood Millworking □ Contractor and Builder □ Structural Draftsman □ Structural Engineer □ Development and Protec-tion of New Products □ Electrical Engineer □ Electric Lighting □ Welding, Electric and Gas □ Reading Shop Blueprints □ Telegraph Engineer □ Telephone Work □ Mechanical Engineer □ Mechanical Draftsman □ Machinist □ Toolmaker □ Patternmaker □ Heat Treatment of Metals □ Bridge Engineer □ Bridge and Building Foreman □ Gas Engines Diesel Engines □ Aviation Engines □ Automobile Mechanic □ Plumbing □ Steam Fitting □ Heating □ Ventilation □ Sheet Metal Worker □ Steam Engineer □ Civil Engineer □ Steam Electric Engineer □ Surveying and Mapping □ Refrigeration □ R. R. Locomotives □ R. R. Soction Foreman □ R. R. Bridge and Building Foreman □ Air Brakes □ R.R. Signalman □ Highway Engineering □ Chemistry □ Pharmacy □ Coal Mining Engineer □ Navigation □ Air Conditioning □ Boilermaker □ Textile Overseer or Supt. □ Cotton Manufacturing □ Woolen Manufacturing □ Agriculture □ Fruit Growing □ Poultry Farming □ Radio □ Marine Engineer BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES □ Business Management □ Office Management □ Industrial Management □ Traffic Management □ Accountancy □ Cost Accountant □ C. P. Accountant □ Bookkeeping □ Secretarial Work □ Spanish □ French □ Salesmanship □ Advertising □ Service Station Salesmanship □ First Year College □ Business Correspondence □ Lettering Show Cards □ Signs □ Stenography and Typing □ Civil Service □ Mail Carrier □ Railway Mail Clerk □ Grade School Subjects □ High School Subjects □ College Preparatory □ Illustrating □ Cartooning Name...................................................................Age.. Address.. City...................................................State................ Occupation................................................... If you reside in Canada, tend this coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 