First Payment On Paradise 79 husband when we're with your uncle." "I didn't mean that," she said, and flushed because his eyes were laughing. "Pretty setting," he said, chang- ing the subject quickly. "It's beautiful here," she agreed dully. The very brightness of the scene made her feel tired and miserable, as if she had already lived her life, and had come to this lovely spot to die. The red tile roof of the house gleamed in vivid contrast to the green of the grass and foliage. Everything was bathed in Califor- nia sunshine. If she had only been coming home with Landell, instead of Jerry! Her longing to see him was at times almost physical pain. "This is my husband," she heard herself saying to her uncle's nurse, who met them on the patio and kissed Serena with the freedom of long service. "Your uncle is so happy about your marriage," she said after she had shaken hands with Jerry." He has been looking forward to the day when you return home with the man you love." She led the way to a far wing of the house, where the sick man had his quarters. Serena choked back her tears when her uncle took her hand in his and said feebly, "My little girl has come back to me. She has some one to care for her after I'm gone." He looked at Jerry, then, as if satisfied with what he saw: "You are a lucky fellow. Serena may have seemed thoughtless at times, but underneath she's fine and true." "I know that, sir," Jerry said so emphatically that Serena looked at him quickly to see if he meant it. "I'd like to live long enough to see your children running about the place, but that can't be." Serena looked away to keep Jerry from seeing the flush that spread over her face. When she glanced back at him, she was surprised to find that his eyes were gentle. She liked Jerry, in spite of herself. He was so straightforward, so much worth while. At breakfast the following morn- ing, he greeted her with boyish en- thusiasm. "It's a privilege to be here with your uncle. He's a great inventor, and he's a grand old man, besides." 