STOP your RUPTURE WORRIES! Learn about My Perfected, Unique RUPTURE INVENTION WHY worry and suffer with that rupture any longer? Learn now about my perfected rupture invention. It has brought ease, comfort, and happiness to thousands by assist-ing Nature in relieving and curing many cases of reducible hernia! You can imagine how happy these thousands of rupture sufferers were when they wrote me to report relief, comfort and cures! How would YOU like to be able to feel that same happiness, to sit down and write me such a message- a few months from today? Hurry- send coupon quick for Free Rupture Book, PROOF of results and invention revelation! Marvelous-Acting Device Binds and Draws the Broken Parts Together As You Would a Broken Limb! Surprisingly- continually- my perfected Automatic Air Cushions draw the Broken parts together allowing Nature, the Great Healer, to swing into action! All the while,you should experience the most heavenly comfort and security. Look! No obnoxious springs or pads or metal girdles! No salves or plasters! My com- plete Appliance is feather-lite, durable, invisible, sanitary and CHEAP IN PRICE! Wouldn't YOU like to say "goodbye" to rupture worries and "hello" to NEW freedom ... NEW glory in living . . . NEW happiness with the help of Mother Nature and my marvelous-acting Air Cushion Appliance? C.E. Brooks Inventor BROOKS RUPTURE APPLIANCE NOW SENT ON TRIAL! RUPTURE BOOK Also Sent FREE! My new book, fully illustrated with photographs and drawings tells all about Rupture- how it is caused, how it is treated, shows all different kinds of Rupture and best type of support for each kind. Also includes latest scientific self- measuring fitting chart that measures perfect fit. I'll send all this Free in plain wrapper along with my Trial Offer of a Brooks Appli-ance. Just send coupon. No obli- gation. No charge. Brooks Appliance Co., 188 State St, Marshall, Mich. My invention is never sold in stores nor by agents. Beware of imitations. You can get it only from my U. S. factories or from my 33 foreign offices! And I'll send it to you on trial. If you don't like it- if it doesn't "work"- it costs you NOTHING. But don't buy now, Get the facts about it FIRST! Write me today. I'll answer in plain, sealed envelope with amazing information Free. Stop Your Rupture Worries- send coupon now! CONFIDENTIAL COUPON for RUPTURE SUFFERERS H. C. BROOKS, 188 State Street, Marshall, Mich. Rush me your new Free Book, amazing rupture method revelation, proof of results, all without obligation, and in plain, sealed envelope. Name ..... Street ..... City ..... State ..... State whether for Man □, Woman □, or Child □ 