144 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine An invitation for every one. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a Chicago girl of nineteen, love to write letters, and prom- ise prompt replies. I have golden-brown hair, brown eyes, and am crazy about dancing and swimming. Won't some one have pity on a lonely girl and drop her a line? Girls, please consider this as an invi- tation for every one of you. Chi Annie. Here's a Pal for you younger girls. Dear Miss Morris: I am a young Filipina girl of sixteen looking for Pen Pals. I am a senior at high school, crazy about movies, reading, painting, writing letters, swimming, dancing, and riding a bicycle. I want to hear from girls everywhere, re- gardless of age or nationality. Girls, won't you get busy and write to me? Tropical Star. Six feet of friendship. DEAR Miss Morris: I hope you will help me find a few Pen Pals. I am a young man twenty-two years of age, six feet tall, with brown, wavy hair and gray eyes. I enjoy, all kinds of sports, and es- pecially swimming. I want to hear from fellows everywhere, and promise to answer all letters promptly. Won't you fellows give me a break? I'm sure you won't regret writing to me. Zang. Who'll write to this lonely farmerette? Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of twenty, and feel very friendless at this time because I have recently lost my best pal. I am living on a farm many miles from the city, but I manage to keep up with current events, as I am interested in every one and everything. Won't all you Pals, young and old, married and single, please let me be your friend? Avella. She has a weakness for Western Pals. Dear Miss Morris: . Please, won't you make room for me? I am a girl of twenty, with a. weakness for Western Pen' Pals. Of course, I would like to receive, letters - from'all over the world, so I hope the rest of you girls will not be discouraged. I m fond of cooking, reading, and writing let- ters. , I am also'an enthusiastic movie fan, and collect pictures of screen stars.. I will exchange, snapshots. Sarie. Let this Canadian Pal tell you about her travels. Dear Miss Morris: I am sending an S 0 S to Pals all over the world. I am a Jewish girl of twenty-eight, considered good-looking, enjoy all sports, and have traveled in the United States. At present my home is in Canada. Come on, all you Pals, and don't disappoint me. I am look- ing forward to receiving loads of letters. My friends call me Annie Rooney. Who'll write to this student of drama? Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man in my late twenties, a university graduate, interested in all worth-while things, and friendship in particular. I have studied drama at a famous school, traveled exten- sively, am broad-minded, congenial, and letter writing is my pet hobby. I would enjoy corresponding with Pals who are not girl-crazy. Come on, fellows, and drop me a line. Brian. Two lonesome girls. Dear Miss Morris: We are two girls fifteen and sixteen years of age. Because of poor health we both had to quit school, and now we get very lonesome. We would love to hear from girls who live in the good old West, but will answer all letters received, and hope girls from far and near will not hesitate to answer our plea: Lorry and Ellen. He's all alone in a big city Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man of twenty-eight, and all alone in a big city. Needless to say, I am lonely, and would like to hear from young men of any age who appreciate real friendship. I en- joy the theater, literature, music, and sports. Won't some of you fellows take a chance and drop me a line? I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Cinti Jack. Pals, help cheer up this lonely Maine Pal. Dear Miss Morris: Here's an S O S for Pen Pals everywhere. I am a girl of twenty-two, five feet five inches tall, enjoy sports, and love to dance. At present I am not working, and time hangs heavy on my hands. I will exchange snapshots, and hope to hear from girls all over the world. I promise to answer all letters received. I live in Maine. Twin. LS 9F 