12 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine weeping for the love that had never really existed. It took quite a while to find the tiny place labeled: "The Wax Works of History." A man was feebly speiling outside in a lacka- daisical manner. No one was near. Fran tendered her dime to him and went inside. Derek van Erp was sitting on a box, his face buried in his hands. At her step, he jumped up. "Oh," he said. "You!" His face was alight with pleasure. Shyly, Fran said: "I thought I'd come out and see how the mandarin stood the trip." Derek smiled. "He's the best ex- hibit I have. Miss Fran, I'm be- ginning to think that a man has to be born to this side-show business. I don't seem to have quite the hang of it, yet. You see, not a soul has come in, since we opened!" "I came in!" said Fran. There was a queer little electric silence. "Yes. You came!" re- peated Derek. "That's the very nicest thing that's happened to me since everything went to smash." "Do you'really feel like that?" asked Fran. She was gripping one hand with the other, tightly. "I'm glad. Because I've come out to to take a job with you!" "A job!" gasped Derek. "But but I haven't any money. I can't pay you enough." "I have some money saved up," said Fran stoutly. She looked around. The long, narrow room was par- titioned off into twelve compart- ments. In the twelve spaces were set wax figures, faintly reminiscent of a fancy-dress ball. Cassar, wear- ing a toga. Morgan, in a pirate's doublet and hose. Cleopatra, re- clining on a divan. Daniel in the lions' den. George Washington, about to chop down a cherry tree. William Tell, with an apple in his hand. Florence Nightingale in a nurse's garb. Marie Antoinette, co- quettishly displaying her cotton stockings. Abraham Lincoln, Poca- hontas, King George, President Mc- Kinley, and the mandarin. "They look quite all right, don't they?" Derek asked, following the line of her gaze. His tone was anx- ious. "They- they're hopeless!" Fran exclaimed. "Absolutely hopeless. Of course no one would come in here. Not a chance. People only come to a wax works to get the blue jim- mies!" "Blue jimmies?" "Yes. Nightmares! Horrors! They want to see blood all over everything! Famous characters who have murdered folks with axes and things!" Fran was almost tearful. "George Washington murdered a cherry tree with a hatchet." Derek s smile was wry. Wouldn't that do? Fran struck her hands together lightly. "I've an idea! Derek, we're going to make a success of this thing!" She was so excited she didn't notice she had called him by his first name. "We'll call this place 'The Cham- ber of Horrors'! And when people get inside, they'll shudder with ter- ror! Go out and rustle up a couple of cans of good bright-red paint! After that, get me a needle and thread, and a pair of scissors. And tell that half-dead individual out there to stop barking. He's through for the night!" Then, as Derek blinked in sur- prise: "Hurry! We have so little time." Fran awoke the next morning to a feeling of pleasant anticipation. 