ADVERTISING SECTION WANTED MEN FOR TEA and COFFEE ROUTES make up to $42.50 a week NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED- I WILL GIVE YOU WHAT LITTLE TRAINING NECESSARY- NO RED TAPE- EARNINGS START AT ONCE The future welfare of thou- sands of deserving men who heed this announcement may be vitally affected. Many who have been beset with financial distress can find prompt and permanent relief from their money worries. FOR YEAR 'ROUND INCOME Stop and think how wonderful it would be to have a nice income every week in the year. No more tramping around looking for work. No more "penny pinching". Have money to help pay your nagging bills- buy clothing- pay off the mortgage- buy yourself a home- put money in the bank or what- ever your heart desires. That's the kind of a business opportunity I am offering you. TEA AND COFFEE ROUTES PAY BEST Everybody knows there is noth- ing better than a good weekly route for a fine, steady income. These Tea and Coffee Routes pay far better than most because you supply nearly 300 products- things people use daily in order to live. You simply take care of cus- tomers' orders on the route in your lo- cality. You collect all the cash and keep a big share of it just for looking after the or-ders, delivering the goods, and taking care of the busi- ness. I furnish you with hun- dreds of fine premiums and special bargain offers premiums to give away with Tea, Coffee, Spices, Ex- tracts, linking Powder and other fine products. Hundreds are now waiting to be served in many lo- calities. Daily and weekly earn- ings mount steadily where you call on your route regularly. YOUR OWN FOOD PRODUCTS AT WHOLESALE PRICES When I send you instructions for making money on my new neigh- borhood Tea and Coffee Route Plan I also give you rock-bottom whole-sale prices on your own groceries and household necessities. This is in addition to your regular daily earnings, so you make big money in cash and save big money on the things you use in your home. GO TO WORK AT ONCE! My new plan provides immediate cash earnings. As long as you are honest and reliable you are eligible for one of these routes. I want some one in every territory because I have opened up my big plant to full capacity. I am going to help a lot more people earn more money at once. You can have one of these good paying routes right in your own locality right near where you live, better send name today. EXPERIENCE OR TRAINING UNNECESSARY I am not nearly as much interested in your past experience as I am in your will- ingness to follow a few plain instructions that will tell you the inside workings of this profitable business. I will ex- plain just how you go about placing Tea, Coffee, Spices, Extracts and Household Prod- ucts with the customers on your route. I furnish everything. There is no stock to carry- you fill your orders from my big factory stock. You have entire charge of everything. FORD SEDAN FURNISHED TO PRODUCER' AS AN EXTRA BONUS NOT A CONTEST OR A PRIZE NO MORE "PENNY PINCHING" If you have been working for a boss and your pay has been limited and you are weary of pinching and striving to exist, here's an opportunity to change all this. With my route plan you can stop time- clock punching forever. If you want earnings that run up to $12.50 a week you can have them. Your weekly income is limited only by the time you give the business. The more time you devote to my wonderful Route Plan, the more money you make for yourself. That's the kind of an offer I am making to you. LOOK AT THESE UNUSUAL EARNINGS I am receiving glowing reports from both men and women who are already handling some of these routes. M. Mitchell, Cal., reported profits of $75.00 in six days. Wm. K. Berkhimer, Pa., cleared $20.00 in one day and $90.00 in a week. Wm. H. New- comb. N. Y., made $24.00 in one day. Wm. E. Walker, Conn., made $68.00 during spare time in three days. I have many more reports like these exceptional earn- ings. I now offer you an even better op- portunity than I gave to them. FACTORY FRESH FOODS NOW iN GREAT DEMAND My Tea, Coffee, and other Food Products are fresh from my big, modern Pure Food Kitchens- all have been tested and ap- proved by the American Testing Institute- a very high authority on quality. It's no wonder people in- sist on having my brand in preference to others. I'll explain all of this more fully in the big booklet that I will send you free just as soon as I get your name. My goods have been ad- vertised nationwide to millions of people. There is nothing new or untried about any of my plans. DON'T SEND MONEY- JUST YOUR NAME Don't confuse this with anything you have ever read before. I don't need your money I need people to operate good paying routes. Send me your name so I can lay the facts before you. then you can decide if the earning possibilities are satisfactory. Don't expect me to wait in- definitely to hear from you. If you act promptly it will indi- cate you are the right person for the route. Send name on coupon or penny postcard for free facts. Do it today. 3 THINGS TO DO 1. Mail Coupon 2. Read Facts 3. Start Making Money TEA and COFFEE ROUTE COUPON ALBERT MILLS. President 5003 Monmouth Ave., Cincinnati, Ohio Send me full particulars of Tea and Coffee Route Plan, showing how I can get started earning up to $12.50 a week at once. This is without obligation to me. Name. Address: (Please Print or Write Plainly LS-1 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 