Primitive Love 119 shack." And jumping up, dressed as she was, she followed Bobbie out to the car. Bobbie never forgot that ride on the logging road up the mountain side, axle deep in ruts; the acrid tang of burning forests that hedged them in; the silence, broken only by the scrape of the low-hung branches, and the throb-throb of the car. With Hulda's soft gutturals to guide her, Bobbie followed the twist- ing way. Where the road wound round an outspreading cliff, a path shot off a footpath, which ordi- narily would have been hidden by bunches of sumac, laurel and wild grapevines. But now the vines were torn loose, the ground was lit- tered with leaves and broken branches, and, caught on a twig and fluttering there, was the torn sleeve of a man's khaki shirt, like a sign, pointing the way. There was no need of words. Bob- bie stopped the car. She climbed out and Hulda followed her. They put stones beneath the wheels. Bobbie said: "You'd better go first, Hulda. You know the way. I'll follow." Haste seemed to have left her. An awful quiet held her in its grip, paralyzing her fear. The noise of her pounding heart and her labored breathing, worried her in a strange, detached way. Even with the tumbled-down, weed-grown shack ahead of them at last, standing with Hulda beside its open door, looking inside, she still clung to that dreadful stillness. It wasn't until she saw Red- un- til she met his wide-open eyes and heard his voice calling her name, that it broke that she found her voice, and answered her name with his. He was lying bound on a rude cot in a corner of the tiny cabin. There was a bandage about his flaming head. His face was white and hol- low-eyed, and caked with blood and dust. His clothes were torn, but he was smiling at her with the tender - est, the sweetest smile it seemed to Bobbie she ever had seen. But before she could move, before she could reach him to sob out her pleas for love and forgiveness, he was crying at her: "Bobs! Quick, find a knife and cut me loose! Pitt's over there somewhere, and Heaven knows, what condition he's in! And that maniac of a Nolan's on his way back to the valley to burn the bridge and the dam- make a clean sweep of the works, before he comes back here to finish up on us! There isn't a minute to lose!" Then she was on her knees beside him, hacking with an old kitchen knife at the ropes that held him; let- ting her lips lie for an instant against his chafed and bleeding wrists;, free- ing his ankles and holding him, his long frame towering above her, as he swayed stiffly and stamped the blood back into his numbed and aching feet. Over in a dark corner, they saw Hulda and went to her. She was shivering and touching a sprawling body with fearing hands. Red pushed her aside, and took her place. For a long minute, he listened; then raising himself upon feet still unsteady, he laughed: "That's Pitt, Hulda, but don't worry. He isn't dead. He's only out. That Bill of yours- he sure packs an awful wallop." As Hulda and Bobbie looked at him, startled, he explained: "He came up here about an hour ago and tried to make Nolan let me loose. They had a scrap- about the prettiest scrap I've ever seen. But there's no time to gas about it now. We've got to bring Pitt to and get 