ADVERTISING SECTION AMAZING TYPEWRITER BARGAIN New Remington Portable only lOc a day! 10-DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER Only 10c a day buys this la-test model machine. Not a used or rebuilt typewriter. Not an incomplete machine. A beautiful brand new regula-tion Remington Portable. Stan-dard 4-row keyboard; standard width carriage; margin release on keyboard; back spacer; automatic ribbon reverse; every es-sential feature found in standard typewriters. Carrying case free. Now reduced 25%... absolutely the biggest typewriter value ever offered! Try it in your home or office 10 days free. If you do not agree that it is the finest portable at any price, return it at our expense. Don't delay. We pay cost of shipment direct from the Factory to you. You save on the purchase price and you do not risk one penny. Write today! FREE TYPEWRITER COURSE Write Remington-Rand Inc., Dept. 108-10, Buffalo, N. Y. ASTHMA WAS CHOKING HER Got Immediate Relief! Seventeen Years Later- "still Enjoying Splendid Health" December 8, 1916.--"I had asthma for 17 years. I coughed most of the time and couldn't rest, day or night. I tried every- thing, but grew so weak I could hardly walk across the room. After taking one bottle of Nacor, I could do most of my housework. That was 8 years ago. I am still feeling fine, with no sign of asthma."--Mrs. Mary Bean, R. 3, Nashua, Iowa. July 31, 1933--"I continue in good health and am still praising Nacor. I have no signs of asthma."--Mrs. Mary Bean. No need to suffer asthma torture when blessed relief can be yours. For years Nacor has helped thousands. Their letters and booklet of vital information sent FREE. Write- Nacor Medicine Co., 638 State Life Bldg., Indianapolis. THRILLS! There are thrills in motorcycling that no other sport can match: Flashing getaway that leaves all other traffic behind . . . Eager power that flattens hills and laughs at heavy going . . . Road mastery as you breeze away, free as a bird, your mount under easy, effortless control, responding instandy to your every whim. Swing into the saddle of a Harley-David-son -- let these thrills race the blood through your veins -- and you'll be a motorcycle enthu-siast, eager for the tours, club runs, hillclimbs, race meets and other good times that are awaiting you. See your dealer soon --look over the new models--ask about bis Easy Pay Plans. And send the cou-pon in to us today. Down comes the cost of travel when you ride a Harley-Davidson. lc per mile is frequently re-ported--and 2c per mile is common. And think of the time you save! Ride a Harley-Davidson Mail this coupon Harley Davidson Motor Co., Dept. SS, Milwaukee, Wis. Interested in Motorcycling. Send illustrated literature. Postage Stamp is enclosed to cover cost of mailing. Name Address My age is ()16-19 years, () 20-30 years, () 31 years and up. () under 16 years. Check your age group. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 