36 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Brave girl! Did I put up any kind of scrap when you got me to the bank?" Adela shook her bright head. "You were limp as a rag when I turned you over to Babs, and you didn't even start to wake up until I caught my breath and got to work on you." Very gravely Bill bent and kissed her full on the lips, while the others cheered and Barbara, leaning against the rail, closed her eyes against the dizziness that pulled her down. She mustn't faint. Not here--not now! This was Adela's moment and she must do nothing to spoil it. Then, somehow, they had all swept away and into the lodge, Adela a laughing white water-sprite in their midst. Barbara felt her way to the steps and crept weakly down them. It was only a short dis- tance to her log at the edge of the woods and she made it on wavering feet. Then she sank gratefully down upon its mossy side and closed her eyes. She had done her part. She was finished. She could be nothing but a spoil-sport at the party, and if she stayed away, she would never be missed. The others did not want her. She had seen their looks of de- rision and scorn. To-morrow she would slip quietly away from Pine Lodge and never see Bill again. Never see him again? Never see his dear brown face and laughing eyes? That was where the pain be- gan. A mist of tears came before her own eyes and suddenly she was down upon the ground beside the log, her head pillowed against one soft arm, while the sobs broke raggedly in her throat. She felt the light upon her before she saw it and raised wet lids to its glare. There was some one stand- ing there, turning a flashlight upon her. "Go away!" she cried. Couldn't they leave her alone in her misery? "Sorry," said Bill's deep voice from beyond the gleam. "I didn't mean to startle you. But I had to find you." Barbara wept into her closed fin- gers. "Oh, why did you? Why can't you go away and let me be?" "Because," Bill said, "I had to ask you a question or two. Won't you try to answer me?" She looked up then, straight into the yellow light and he moved the torch mercilessly and laid it upon the log so that its long beam fell upon his own face as well as hers. "There are one or two things I had to know," he went on. "And since you saw most of what hap- pened, I wanted you to tell me. You're quite sure I wasn't conscious at all on the beach--didn't put up any kind of fight while you were near me?" She shook her head wearily. "Adela's already told you. You were only conscious once and that was out in the lake. The rest of the time you were just a rag doll." "I see," he said gravely, and sud- denly he was kneeling there in the grass, spreading something beside her on the log. "This is what bothers me--if the only time I put up a scrap was out in the lake when you were completely out of reach, how do you account for the fact that when I came to on the bank, I was clutching this in one hand?" Barbara stared at the thing on the log. It was a torn scrap of blue- flowered material--the cap sleeve ripped from her blue dress. There was nothing to be said, no explana- tion that would serve. She could only look at it dumbly while her 