60 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the phone" she said. "If you have a date Tuesday, why don't you come along with us?" "Oh, no, Nola. But thanks!" "Sorry, Merrilee," said Nola. "We just thought you might be hav- ing a date anyway, and-" "Oh!" Nola's remark, meant in- nocently enough, had bruised her already wounded pride. Did they think she couldn't get another date? Well, she could! She'd show them both. "Well, I do have," she said, as if reconsidering. "I'll ask him if he wants to go to the Tavern." When Nola had gone, Merrilee sat with hands clenched until her knuckles showed white, trying to think of a suitable man. Jimmie Keel wasn't really so bad. He just hadn't interested her. She'd told him she was awfully busy, and he'd said he'd be glad to see her when she had time. At the office next day, when Jimmie strolled in, she smiled. After a minute's conversation, she ventured a remark that she wasn't quite so busy lately. And- just like that- it was all arranged! Jimmie wasn't quite tall enough, but he was really nice-looking and fairly interesting. Merrilee realized that she might have found him all right for an occasional evening be- fore, if she hadn't unconsciously compared him with Harvey Tate. That was what had happened! She had met Harvey on her third day at the office, and since then, no other man had seemed attractive. The truth stabbed cruelly. It hurt- more, because she was aware of it too late. Tuesday evening was misery. The four of them made a congenial group, but Nola exercised a sort of possessive claim on Harvey's atten- tion. It was so subtle and withal so natural, that it could be felt rather than seen. But it tore at the hurt in Merrilee's heart. Sometimes for an instant, Merrilee met Harvey's gaze. Deep in the gray of his eyes was that look she never could quite read. It made her pulse throb faster. Arriving home at last was a re- lief. "Good night," said Jimmie. "Let's do this again, soon." "Fine," responded Merrilee. But she knew she wouldn't. It wasn't fair, even to Jimmie, to use him this way. And for herself, it was only misery. It was a relief that Nola didn't ask her to come along when she went out with Harvey the next week -a relief and torture. She wasn't needed now. They preferred to be alone. Merrilee sat in her apartment and tried to close her mind to the bitter- ness of her thoughts. She tried to forget those few bright hours when she had been with Harvey. Re- membering them only hurt. She jumped to her feet and paced the floor, as if in a desperate, futile ef- fort to vent her emotions in some sort of action. If only she could do something! Harvey came to the office to ar- range the details of an order his firm had received. He paused be- side her desk, leaning his bronzed hand against its edge, smiling as he chatted. Merrilee felt a cheated yearning, then a sudden rebellion against fate. Another of those curious, unpre- meditated notions flashed through her mind. In an instant she was acting on it, concealing her impetu- piisness with amazing tact. "I was just thinking about you, Harvey," she began carelessly. "Another friend of mine from out of town, is coming to-morrow, and 