Reckless Bride 59 stumbled across the lawns, sobbing miserably. I had lost Don, irre- trievably. All his tender, worship- ing love had turned to scorn and hate. There was nothing for me in life but to get away quickly, spare us both the humiliation of ever see- ing each other again. Gropingly, I started to run- And found my- self seized in a rough grasp. "So you tried to sneak away!" It was Oliver, angrily confronting me. "You'll see how far that gets you! I won't pay for the film now." "Oh, the film's burned!" I gasped. "And Don knows the whole thing. It's turned him against me. I hope you're satisfied." Weeping bitterly, I pulled away. "Sure, I'm satisfied." With a soft laugh, he pinned me against him. "I'm glad we're rid of him, then he won't try to interfere. Because you and I are getting married to-night." "Oh, no you're not!" spoke a deep young voice that made my heart leap. Looking up incredulously, I saw Don striding over the grass to- ward us. "But you are getting out of here, quick, unless you want to get hurt!" His hands clenched threateningly as he faced Oliver. "Take your hands off Lynore!" Oliver drew himself up impor- tantly. "Indeed not," he retorted, holding my struggling arm more tightly. "I'm her guardian. She's leaving with me to-night, if I have to call in the police." "I'm the one who's going to call in the police," Don cried. "I'm go- ing to have you arrested on a black- mail charge you and that film ped- dler downstairs, unless both of you leave Lynore alone. Besides, you're no longer her guardian." He held out his watch. "It's five minutes after twelve. She's of age!" A blinding wave of light seemed to free my soul. My heart began beating so fast I thought I was go- ing to faint. Dimly, I was aware that Oliver was glaring at his watch. Then, with a grunt, and a fearful look at Don, he turned and almost ran out to the road. A moment later, we heard the sound of his car vanishing in the night. "Lynore!" With a low cry, Don's arms were about me. "Lynore, dar- ling, you're free! Nothing can ever take you away from me again!" I stared up at him, scarcely breathing. "Then you don't hate me!" I whispered, trembling. "I thought, when you went into the house-" "Oh, darling, I went in to warn that fellow not to spread the story around about that film. He'll never bother you again, neither he nor Oliver. They both know they've laid themselves open to serious charges." Don held me close, his eyes shining above mine with a tender, glowing light. "You know I couldn't hate you, Lynore, no mat- ter what you did. Tell me you know that, darling!" I looked up at him, a wave of joy drowning my heart in ecstasy. "Oh, yes!" I whispered tremu- lously. "I know it, Don." A moment longer he held me so I had to meet his eyes. "Promise you'll never doubt again that I love you -love you -love you!" he de- manded. But he didn't give me a chance to answer. His lips smothered the words on my mouth while his arms crushed me close against his heart in a mad, exultant embrace. And as we clung together in breathless surrender to our love, while the world stood hushed, stilled, it seemed that tiny silver bells of joy chimed in our thudding hearts, ringing in the new day. Our wed- ding day. 