76 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Janine didn't wait to hear any more, but slid out of the swing and through the moonflowers, down the back way to Anne Derry's, and as she went her anger grew until it shook her body with fury. Janine was quite sure that Lutie, her cousin, had known she was in the swing. For another thing, Lutie knew that her cousin Janine had given Aunt Millie ten years of her life so that Lutie could stay in an expensive French school. Of late, Janine had worked harder than old black Sukey, who was growing too feeble to do much. Trust Lutie not to lift a finger, although she well knew that her mother's modest in- come could not keep a higher-priced servant and pay Lutie's school bills at the same time. Janine reflected that this was the thanks she received. Lutie had been home less than a month, and Janine must get out. Janine's smile was a trifle grim. Lutie was far from beautiful, but she knew how to wear clothes, and she had a keen mind and a quick tongue. No one had been more surprised than Janine when Carleton Vance had devoted himself to her, rather than to Lutie. Janine, her tousled coppery hair tied with an old blue bandanna of Aunt Sukey's, an outgrown blue gingham showing the slim roundness of her figure, and floury arms busy with beaten biscuit, had still claimed the rich, gay young man's attention. Janine couldn't blame Lutie for be- ing peeved about it, but she did blame her for acting so unsporting. All this Janine poured out to Anne, her friend, as she flung herself down under the big lawn umbrella. "I'm getting out as fast as I can," Janine ended sullenly, biting her quivering lip viciously. "I don't know what I'll do. Miss Day's school didn't fit me for much useful work, and Aunt Millie always said it didn't matter; I was to have a home with her until I went to one of my own." "You can't leave, Jan. You'd never be able to get a decent job. Why, the Margaret Home is simply overflowing," Anne said gravely. "Mrs. Babbie called me only yester- day to ask me to get the League together, and see if we couldn't man- age larger quarters for the girls. Her assistant is so overworked, she's leaving her flat." Jan straightened. "Anne, right there is a job, and you weren't go- ing to tell me about it." Anne laughed. "You'd never do. Your aunt wouldn't even let you help us down there, let alone going there to live. You don't know Swan- town in summer. It's the tenement district. Poverty, criminals in hid- ing. What do you know about such things? And what do you know about working in a place like the Margaret Home?" "Well, I can learn. I'd scrub floors," Janine declared passion- ately, "before I'd stay another week under the same roof with Lutie." "But, Jan, don't rush into it like this. Come North with me, and maybe by fall Lutie will be married and you can go back." "Thanks, no, Anne. You know I haven't any money, and I wouldn't go as your guest. If Mrs. Babbie will have me, I'm going to work. Can we go to see her now?" Anne Derry looked at Janine thoughtfully. She knew this mood of Jan's. Knew the sultry fires in the girl's passionate violet eyes, the fury twisting the beautiful mouth. Jan was equal to doing anything if she couldn't have her way. Besides, she was strong. Mrs. Babbie would be glad to have her. Jan had run 