134 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine like an old friend. It seemed strange, but she needed him. He was so real, so understanding, and he didn't know she was a poor little rich girl, running away. It was surely fate which had prompted her to hop onto a public bus for a long night ride alone. Maybe she was a romantic, but she was already prac- tically certain that this clean-cut, good-looking, soft-spoken stranger was the one man she wanted. The mere thought that he might not re- ciprocate and fall in love with her almost sent her into a panic. "I'm bound for Agate Beach," he told her. "My chief is staying at the inn under doctor's orders, to rest and play golf in the salt air. I'm taking down some blue prints for his approval." "Your chief?" queried Eloise, ex- periencing a momentary sense of disappointment because he was not what she had thought. "Yes," he explained, "he's the senior partner of West, Harris &amp; West, architects. I'm secretary; chief secretary, I suppose you'd call it." "Oh," replied Eloise. "I've heard of the firm. A very old, established company; sort of pioneers on the coast, aren't they, and literally roll- ing in wealth?" Then, without waiting for his an- swer, she went on. "Too much money is an awful handicap, I think." Suddenly aware of the slip, she gave a gasp of dismay. This young secretary with the warm, pleasant smile and clear eyes must not suspect that she was one of those with too large a share of the world's riches. She wanted to win him with- out that ever-popular lure. Resolutely, she turned her face to him. "I've had ample opportunity to learn something about rich peo- ple," she hastened to explain. "I'm traveling companion to a very wealthy, restless, and discontented woman. She and her husband mar- ried to combine two large fortunes and to please their parents. But I don't think mere liking is enough. Of course, she couldn't ever have been a romantic," she finished, smil- ing up at him roguishly. "Like you," he smiled in return. And then: "But you're amazingly wise for a girl so young." "Well," she continued with a little shrug, "I've been around a good deal. Traveling all over, one picks up a lot. I've made three trips to Europe, two to the Orient, one to Rio de Janiero, and two to Florida with my- my employer, and she's never satisfied. When she's here she wants to be there, and when she's there, she wants to be elsewhere." "You think settling down would appeal to you, then?" he asked mis- chievously. Eloise was thrillingly conscious of the ardent look in his eyes, the sup- pressed eagerness of his voice. He was undoubtedly falling in love with her. He must be! And it was fate that had brought them together. She shivered a little. If she hadn't taken this shaky bus she'd never have known this de- licious, achingly sweet feeling which was filling her being with a warm, happy glow. She longed to snuggle up close to him, to let her head drop on his shoulder, and ride on and on through the windy darkness with the fog sifting across her face, spraying it like a pin-point shower. "You're cold!" he murmured soli- citously. "I'll close those rear win- dows altogether." When he resumed the seat beside her, they, as with one accord, sat huddled together. And the warmth and masculine strength of him so moved and thrilled Eloise that her 