HEY! YOU FELLOWS WITH NATURALLY SKINNY BUILDS! Comparison of Minerals in KELPAMALT vs. VEGETABLES 3 KELPAMALT TABLETS contain: 1. More Iron and Copper than 1 lb. of spinach, 7 1/2 lbs. fresh tomatoes, 3 lbs. of asparagus. 2. More Calcium than 1 lb. of cabbage. 3. More Phosphorus than l 1/2 lbs. of carrots. 4. More Sulphur than 2 lbs. of tomatoes. 5. More Sodium than 3 lbs. of turnips. 6. More Potassium than 6 lbs. of beans. 7. More Magnesium than 1 lb. of celery. Manufacturer's Note:- As the result of Kelpa- Malts termendous popularity, many inferior initations- sold as kelp and malt preparations- are being advertised. Don't be fooled. Ask for thhe original, genuine Kelpamalt Tablets. They are easily assimilated, do not upset the stomach nor injure the teeth. Absolutely guaranteed to produce results or money back. Here's a Quick Way to Put On 10 to 15 lbs. of Good Solid Flesh and Feel Like a Million Dollars! KELPAMALT, the New Mineral Concentrate from the Sea- Rich in Newer Form of NATURAL IODINE- Guarantees 5 Lbs. in 1 Week or No Cost MEN AND WOMEN EVERYWHERE AMAZED AT RESULTS Thousands of thin, pale, rundown folks- and even "Naturally Skinny" men and women are amazed at this new easy way to put on healthy needed pounds quickly. Gains of 15 to 20 lbs. in one month, 5 lbs. in 1 week, are reported regularly. Kelpamalt, the new mineral concentrate from the sea, gels right down to the cause of thin, underweight conditions and adds weight through a 2 ways in 1 natural process. First, its rich supply of easily assimilable minerals stimulates the diges-tive glands which produce the juices that alone enable you to digest fats and starches, the weight-making elements in your daily diet. And these minerals are needed by virtually every organ and for every function of the body. Second, Kelpamalt is rich in NATURAL IODINE- a mineral needed by the vital organ which regulates metabo-lism- the process through which the body is constantly building firm, solid flesh, new strength and energy 6 Kelpamalt tablets contain more NATURAL IODINE than 486 lbs. of spinach or 1660 lbs. of beef. More iron and copper than 2 lbs. of spinach or 15 lbs. of fresh toma- toes. More calcium than 1 doz. eggs. More phosphorus than 3 lbs. of carrots. Try Kelpamalt for a single week and notice the difference- how much better you sleep, how ordinary stomach distress vanishes, how firm flesh appears in place of scrawny hollows and the new energy and strength it brings you. Kelpamalt is prescribed and used by physicians. Fine for children, too. Remember the name, Kelpamalt, the original kelp and malt tablets. Nothing like them, so don't accept imitations. Start Kelpamalt today. If you don't gain at least 5 lbs. in I week the trial is free. 100 jumbo size Kelpamalt tablets four to five times the size of ordinary tablets cost but little and may be had at all good drug stores. If your dealer has not yet received his supply, send $1 for special introductory size bottle of 65 tablets to the address below. SPECIAL FREE OFFER Write today for fascinating instructive 50-page book on How to Add Weight Quickly. Mineral Contents of Food and their effects on the humun body. New facts about NATURAL IODINE. Standard weight and measurement charts. Daily menus for weight building. Absolutely free. No obligation. Kelpamalt Co., Dept. 414, 27-33 West 20th Street. New York City. Kelpamalt Tablets Known In England as Vikelp 