88 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine beauty of her hair with a shaking hand, touched her cheek and the white loveliness of her bare shoulder reverently. "Beautiful- beautiful," he mur- mured, his cheek resting against her tear-wet one. "Reine" - it was a far-away whisper of sound- "you're not teasing me? This isn t a trick?" "Darling darling! Oh, Bart, kiss me! I can't bear it if you don't!" The kiss caught her up, lifted her into a world that held nothing but his arms, his lips and his strong, trembling body melting against her own. Then a laughing, chattering group barged onto the porch with a sud- denness that, left Bart and Reine frozen in each other's embrace. "Here they are!" Dodo Wilson shrieked to some one behind her. Francine Adair thrust herself for- ward, hands akimbo. "You cer- tainly did it, Reine." She tossed back over her shoulder to the others: "She said she'd make Bart fall in ten minutes, didn't she? And she did it in eight. You win, Reine! We'll pay up." There was a stunned silence. The enormity of Francine's trickery left Reine speechless. Icy fingers of fear trailed over her flesh; icy fingers, beat against her lips to liberate frozen speech. The moon, stars, and earth whirled crazily about her and through it, beating against her ear- drums, rose wild laughter Fran- cine's. Bart's look washed over her like a baptism of fire. He whirled and disappeared into the night. With his going, life flowed back into her limbs, lent wings to her feet. She raced after him, moaning, sobbing his name over and over until it be- came a litany of terror and heart- break. She caught up with him. Frantic hands clung to him, nor could he shake them off. "Bart, you've got to listen. Fran- cine lied! She lied, Bart!" He strode on, almost carrying her weight as she clung to him. It was only when she stumbled and fell that he stopped. He lifted her easily, holding her at arm's length. "Aren't you satisfied with what you've done to me?" he gritted through clenched teeth. She struggled to get near to him. Suddenly he caught her close. His kisses weren't tender now. They burned and bruised her soft lips, sending waves of fear through her. She beat tiny fists against his shoul- ders, fighting to be free. He shoved her away, fumbling in his pocket. "You made me pay in humilia- tion for the kisses you gave me. Now I'll pay for the ones I stole." He thrust something into her hand and walked quickly away. Dumbly, she stared at the thing in her hand. It was a new- one- hundred-dollar bill. Bart had paid for those kisses. Paid her as though she were- She screamed. It lanced the air like the eerie wail of some dying thing. The next instant she crum- pled to the grass in a small, pa- thetic heap, beating the ground with bruised fists, sobbing brokenly. Les found her. He picked her up, held her tenderly close while she gasped out in anguish. After the fierce paroxysm had passed, he sug- gested sensibly: "Come back now, dear, and act as though nothing had happened." "I can't- I can't!" "You must. The others under- stand, and Francine has gone. Pa- mela saw to that the moment she heard. I ll tell Bart-" 