Thrill Chaser 15 fect," she tossed at him pertly, "be- cause I draw the line at having any one responsible for me. By the way, where do we change to horses?" "At my place." "Great! I'll get into riding togs there." And to his very apparent dismay she picked up her overnight case, turned to the lank cowboy to add with a devastating smile, "Would you mind awfully, putting the rest of my baggage in the rum- ble seat?" and started for the road- ster at a brisk pace. Five minutes later they were off, Denny at the wheel, Linda beside him. For the first few miles she plied him with questions, but pres- ently his gruff replies, mostly in monosyllables, stemmed the tide of her enthusiasm and she finally re- lapsed into a silence matching his own. One that held, except for an exchange of casual remarks, until they drew up at the rear of a ram- bling log cabin which, Denny an- nounced, was their destination. "Ducky place," was her thought as she sped inside to change. And after an appreciative inventory: "Just the sort one reads about! Plenty of huge comfy chairs, bear- skin rugs that make you want to lie down and roll, and what a fireplace! I'm half tempted to announce that I'll do my waiting right here." But she didn't. Ten minutes later, she was outside again. And with the contents of her baggage transferred to Denny's duffel bag and that strapped on behind his sad- dle, they were on their way, Denny, grim-eyed, handsome, in the lead. "Why did Uncle Andy call his ranch the Lucky D?" she ventured finally and because his slience net- tled her. "What does it stand for?" "Lucky Dice," he replied over his shoulder. "Because he won it on a seven up." "Hot cat! Did they really shoot crap for ranches in the old days?" "I'll say! And with gambling legal now, the stakes are even more insane, especially in a place like Sil- ver City, where men and morals don't seem to be any too well ac- quainted." Linda flushed. "You mean they gamble for unusual stakes?" she asked uneasily. "For any," came the blunt retort. "They're a bad-looking lot, and I meant it when I said it wasn't the spot for a girl!" "Oh!" was Linda's sole comment. And again the conversation lagged to a point where she was uncom- fortably alone with her reflections, until at last, "It's all too utterly ab- surd," she told herself. "Hinting at ridiculous things that would never happen in a civilized country. He's just trying to throw a scare, prob- ably because he doesn't like me! Or perhaps"--her pulse quickened perceptibly at the thought--"per- haps he's acting this queer way be- cause he does! Maybe I sneaked up on his heart and he doesn't know quite what to do about it. Some Western men are like that. Bob said so. And the way he looks at me every now and then might mean almost anything!" Presently, to test the theory and for several other vague and unana- lyzed reasons, she said aloud and in her most captivating manner, "Are you really one of those strong, silent types one hears about out here, or is it just a pose to put the city child in an awed frame of mind before she meets all the big bad men?" "Neither," he replied coolly. "If you must know, I am simply call- ing myself an idiot for getting mixed up in a situation of this sort." "Really!" Little flames leaped into her eyes. "Well, I fail to see 