150 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine manage to have enough spare time on my hands to dance, enjoy outdoor sports, sew, and make friends. I want to hear from single and married Pals all over the coun- try, regardless of age. I will do my best to write entertaining letters. Feff. She'll be happy if you drop her a friendly line or two. Dear Miss Morris: I want to hear from girls who are looking for a true Pen Pal. I'm a girl seventeen years of age, with blue eyes and brown hair. I'm interested in tap dancing, singing, and anything in the line of music. I have a sense of humor and a lively outlook upon life. Pals, I'm lone- some; don't keep me waiting long. Messien of Toronto. Boys, here's a call from the army. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young fel- low of twenty-one, have served in the army, and can tell you some exciting stories of my stay in China. I was born in Texas, but am now living in California. Come on, all you army buddies, and write to a fel- low who has just come home. Humorist. These two Pals are interested in you. Dear Miss Morris: We are two four- teen-year-old girls very eager to correspond with Pen Pals who are interested in out- door sports, and who like to write and re- ceive letters. We live in Michigan, and like to make friends. Please, won't some of you Pals consider our plea? Two Lachine Pals. She dreams of a stage career. Dear Miss Morris: Here's another girl of seventeen looking for Pen Pals. I can sing, dance, and have been on the stage. I enjoy all sports, especially mountain climbing, baseball, swimming, and horse- back riding. I want to hear from girls who like dancing and dreamy music, and who can play some kind of musical instrument. Singing Bobby. Western Pals, answer this plea. Dear Miss Morris: Won't you please help me find some Pen Pals? I'm a girl eighteen years of age, and a senior in high school. I like reading, dancing, and en- joy most outdoor sports. I am particularly anxious to hear from girls living on ranches, and will answer all letters received. I will be waiting to hear from you, girls! Thelena. Boys, here are some Pen Pals from all over the country who will be glad to receive your letters. They guarantee prompt replies, so be sure to write to each one! J. R. J. is twenty-eight, and is working in a reforestation camp; Lonesome Kenn is twenty-three, and fond of movies and danc- ing; Andrew de R. is twenty-two, and is six feet tall and good-looking; Leland Fred is interested in psychology; Barabos Tom is twenty-seven, likes sports and is broad-minded; Good-natured Jim is eight- een and hails from Kentucky; Springfield Tom is twenty, likes ping-pong and checker tournaments. You'll want a letter from this Brooklyn wife. Dear Miss Morris: I'm twenty-nine years old, married, and live in Brooklyn. I love to write letters, and as I have lots of spare time when my husband is away, I'd like nothing better than to have lots of sin- gle and married Pals to correspond with. I am good-natured, have a sense of humor, and am sure that I can write interesting letters. Please write to me, Pals. Lonely Brooklynite. Help this Pal out of a rut. Dear Miss Morris: I am hoping that you will find room for my plea in your wonderful Corner. I'm a red-headed, blue- eyed widow of forty-five. To say that I am very lonely, is putting it mildly. I find myself in a rut, and am sure that letters from Pals everywhere will help me to cheer up and find life more interesting. So please, every one, write to All Alone Gerty. Her chief hobbies are dancing and writing letters. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a girl of fifteen, and am always on the go. I like all sports, but my hobbies are writing letters and dancing. I am sure that I can write in- teresting letters, and hope to hear from girls all over. How about it, Pals? Will you give me a chance to show you that I can be a real friend? Essie. 