The Love Pawn 69 The ball was in full swing that night when a tall cavalier in plum- colored satin, buckled shoes and powdered wig, with a languishing lady in bouffant Dresden flowered taffeta on his arm, presented their cards at the exclusive club. The costumes were rented from an agency, but what did that matter? Under the crystal shaded candles, they glittered and shone. The pol- ished floors were crowded and ex- citement made Paula's breath come fast. Where in all that throng was Eric? Soon she spotted him, resplendent in black velvet with rhinestone or- naments. No disguise could hide his complacent bearing, the blue eyes that had always been a little shrewd. She managed to slip into his arms. "Eric," she whispered mysteri- ously, "are you glad to see me?" He started violently. "Who are you?" "Don't you know my perfume of jasmine flowers, Eric? "Paula!" He held her closer. "Where did you drop from?" "From the skies! Literally! Brought here by a young hero who swept me off my feet." "Where is Monty Lewis?" "In Canada," Paula replied calmly. "I've left him. I'm never going back." "Darling!" His voice grew thick. Paula noticed he had grown stouter since she'd seen him, and the blue eyes were shrewder. "Come outside," he was saying, "so we can'talk." Trailing through the door on Eric's arm, Paula quivered with the suspense of it all. Now was her mo- ment. Was she going to help Red, or tell Eric everything? In the darkness, half hidden by a tangle of yucca, she saw a certain cavalier in plum-colored satin fol- lowing them. It was like some dramatic moment on the silver screen. She and Eric sat on a marble bench under pomegranate trees, the ocean breeze fanning their heated faces. A rustle that was not the wind showed where Red was hiding, a revolver smothered in the lace ruffle at his wrist. She let Eric put his arms about her, the powder from her bare shoulder making patches on the glistening black of his coat. "Paula, you ran away from Monty. You came to me! I'll never let you go back to him, never! I'm mad about you, Paula. More than ever. You've got to marry me to-morrow." He silenced her reply with a forceful kiss. "If I can wait that long." The bushes rustled. Paula smiled grimly. Did the cavalier in plum- colored satin like the sample of love-making he had forced on her? "Listen, sweetheart." Eric's com- placent voice was taking a great deal for granted. "I'm making lots of money. We're in on a big deal now. See this telegram! He struck a match to show her. It says that at dawn to-morrow, nearly a quarter of a million will be sent from Mexico by secret messenger, to be stored in the smaller vault of our bank till we can divide it. Just myself and three others. My share will be more than fifty thousand. That will be your wedding present. We'll be married and play around with it on a honeymoon in Europe!" Paula's breath stopped like a cur- rent that has been shut off. To- morrow! The thing Red had been planning, living for, the thing that had seemed somewhere in the future, was upon them like an avalanche! Another thought burst like a bomb through her dizzy brain. Red 