The Friend In Need 159 about their crudeness and inability to appreciate the finer qualities in a girl. Be proud of your high ideals, and don't try to conceal them, whether some of the boys you meet believe in them or not. The so-called friendships or popu- larity with boys who expect every girl to slide down to any level they suggest aren't worth a thought. One of these days the right man will come along, and then you will be ever so glad that you have kept your ideals and didn't change your ideas about how boys and girls should be- have. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am twenty years old and my fiance is twenty-three. We have been engaged a little over one year, and it has been the most miserable year of my whole life, because Walter's jealousy has made me terribly unhappy. I have been absolutely true to him, and I love him dearly, but honestly, Mrs. Brown, he is killing my love. He doesn't trust me out of his sight, and if I as much as leave the house for a minute when he isn't with me, it's just plain war. He can think up more things that I might have done than I could ever have time to do. He expects me to come straight home from work and stay in, unless he takes me out. I can't even speak to some of my old friends if I happen to meet them on the street. If we go to a show and I see some one I know and smile in greeting, he's angry for the rest of the evening and sulks like a baby. But he can give every pretty girl the most searching look, and I mustn't mind. I've tried to talk and argue about his jealousy, but it has no weight with him at all. It's getting so I can't stand it, and I would break the engagement to-morrow, even though I know I would never be happy without him or love another as dearly, but I know that he would be heart- broken, too. We have stopped going to parties and to some of my girl friends homes because of his insane jealousy. Why can't he see that he is simply killing my affection for him? Mitzie. I don't want to sound pessimistic, but more often than not it's a most difficult job trying to cure a man of his jealousy, and you have all my sympathy, Mitzie. When a man is as jealous as your fiance, it shows that he is afraid some other man may come along and that you may fall in love with him. Psychologists have explained that jealousy is a feeling of inferiority which arises from the idea that the sufferer is not as good as the next person, and that he is being looked down on. This, of course, is silly and childish. I suggest that the very first time you find your friend in good humor, you try to talk this over with him. Tell him in a friendly but frank and definite way that you do love him; but, if he insists on continuing to express such groundless jealous spasms and accusations, he is bound to kill your affection and respect. Try to make him understand that unless he treats you with the trust and respect due you, you can't pos- sibly go on loving him. If you two succeed in reaching an understand- ing, I'm sure you'll both be much happier. He should try to realize that, even if you are engaged to him, you can't expect to stop being hu- man and avoid all your friends. That's unnatural and certainly un- reasonable. To keep happy and in- terested, we should have friendly contacts with others. And if the worst comes to worst -which I hope it doesn't- and he still refuses to see your viewpoint, then maybe it would be better to call it quits until he finds his way to better understanding. Dear Mrs. Brown: My family life was never a happy one. There was always a fight going on in the family, and I could never go out without getting bawled out when I returned. Bringing friends home was out of the question. The house was always messed up, and things were never in order. If I 