26 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Mrs. Fenwick now craved gayety in deep gulps. She wanted to make up for the lost years of youth; she rev- eled in the admiration of younger men. Beverly often squirmed un- comfortably, feeling that her mother was a bit too frivolous, especially when enlivened by an extra cock- tail. She lived in constant dread of Mrs. Fenwick's becoming too fool- ish over some, romantic youth. Fifteen minutes after they went down to the lobby, due to skillful maneuvers on Mrs. Fenwick's part, mother and daughter were seated in the grill. With them were Gordon Larrimore and Luis Sebastian. While her mother chattered gayly, Beverly quietly studied the two men. Both had dark hair, but Gor- don's was dark-brown and crisp, while Sebastian's was dark and sleek. Sebastian's eyes were black and penetrating. Gordon's were hazel and had a glint of humor in them. Sebiastian might be the handsomer, but she preferred Gor- don's bronzed, broad-shouldered good looks. As the orchestra struck up, both men turned to ask Mrs. Fenwick for the first dance. Beverly was used to that. She was delighted to see her mother choose Sebastian as a partner. She felt a sense of de- licious contentment as she and Gor- don glided out upon the dance floor. His first words, however, robbed the moment of its pleasure. "You have a very beautiful mother," he observed. His eyes were following Mrs. Fenwick and Sebastian. "You thrill me," answered Bev- erly. "Do you always say such charming things?" He looked a trifle confused as he met her gaze. "Well, I was about to add that you greatly resemble her. In fact, when I first saw you together, I thought-" "That we were sisters?" finished Beverly. "You're only the nine hundred and fiftieth man to say that." His eyes twinkled. She felt that he perceived her inner exasperation. "Then I'm not being very original, am I? I might as well say all the usual things. How do you like it here at this quiet lake resort?" "There's lots to do," she told him. "Boating, swimming, riding, tennis. How are you ait those things?" "Only fair," he replied. "Sounds too energetic for one who has come from an office for a few days rest." She felt chagrined. His whole ap- pearance suggested, a love of the outdoors. The average young man would have eagerly sought her com- pany in a round of sports. Why did he evade her?- she wondered. Her heart sank at the thought that per- haps his interest was all for her fas- cinating mother. Her suspicions were borne out by the alacrity with which he asked Mrs. Fenwick for the following dance. For the next hour, he and Sebastian alternated in dancing with mother and daughter. Beverly had the all-too-familiar sensation of be- ing an outsider at the party. Her vivacious mother dominated the scene and claimed most of the two men's attention. "You're so silent to-night, Bev- erly, remarked Mrs. Fenwick," dur- ing an interval between numbers. "I have a very quiet daughter, gen- tlemen. She throws the whole Bur- den of conversation on me." "She is listening to you and learn- ing," declared Sebastian, with an arch glance. "And she is a lucky girl, to have such a charming in- structress." 