Heartless Flirt 81 "Your nasty little brain is a gooey mess of jealousy, my pet." Reine's smile was tremulous, her dark eyes wide and serious. "I'm not as bad as Fran paints me, Mr. Anders." He smiled thinly. "Not being curious, I'll probably never know." Reine flushed and moved stiffly away to join the small group near the lily pond. Carl followed. "Darling"- Pamela Voight smiled sympathetically- "you'll never dan- gle Bart's scalp at your belt." "And it's such a nice dark one," Dodo Wilson sighed dole- fully, shaking her blond head. Les Whitney grunted angrily, running nerv- ous fingers through his thatch of straw-col- ored hair. "You blondes talk as though Reine were an aborigine head- hunter." Les had been in love with Reine since their romper days. His devotion was laughed at, even by himself. Only his kind brown eyes carried a hint of pain when he looked at her. Reine's dark head lifted in a chal- lenge. "I've never lost a man yet." It was sheer bravado, that re- mark. She could have added in all truth that until now, she had never intended any man to fall in love with her. They just did, spoiling everything. "Don't break a perfect record by tackling the iron man," Carl advised sagely. A warm glow filled her heart. "You mean he's not interested in any girl?" "He's a confirmed woman-hater," said Carl. "Nope," Les denied quickly. "He's only shy of girls with daring reputations. A flirtatious lady ruined his brother Dave's political future some years ago. She forgot to tell Dave that she was married. Her husband raised a fuss, sued Dave and all that. It drove him out of politics. He died in a plane crash last year." "That's why Bart went into poli- tics," Dodo, added her bit, cheerfully. "He swore he'd get the men who framed Dave. He blamed no other than-" "- Shut up, Dodo!" Pamela nudged her tiny companion. "Blamed Sam, you mean?" Reine finished cleverly. "That is silly!" A dangerous gleam blazed in her dark eyes. "I'll make him eat out of my hand before I am through." "Be careful," Carl warned. "Those quiet fellows have dispositions like Indians." "Not jealous by any chance, Carl?" she teased. "Sure I am. You're going to marry me, my sweet. I always get what I want." "So do I," she snapped pertly, walking away. Reine had made a habit of taking her early-morning swim long before the rest of Crest Cove stirred from bed. She loved the fresh, dewy sweetness of the morning, the in- vigorating cold of the lake water, rippling into pure gold where the sun touched it. But most of all she LS 6F 