ADVERTISING SECTION No More Misunderstand-ings, Dear, about LIFE or SEX. Now we can be happy. The first 200 Pages of EUGENICS &amp; SEX Relations have already taught us SEX as we never knew it before. The veil af IGNORANCE had now been lifted. . . Here Is What we Learned So Far! We were strangely absorbed . . . eagerly did we read each page so far . . . sharing this new rich knowledge which so quickly unveiled hidden pleasures of life and sex. We just hugged one another. It seemed that instinctively the lessons learned drew us closer together, because we were sure of each other in our new understanding of sex and life. "So far Eugenics &amp; Sex Relations" ex- plained to us birth control, secrets of fascination, secrets of sex attraction, hygienic precaution, why husbands tire of wives, limitation of offspring, dreadful diseases due to ignorance, perfect love . . . that's as far as we have read... there are 39 chapters in all and 544 pages. You will be surprised at the frank- ness, at the openness and daring way in which this book is written and last, but not least, you will be thrilled with the many, many attractive illustrations which enlight- ened us and explained just what we wanted to know about Eugenics, Sex, Love. Married or Single Get Your Copy of "Eugenics &amp; Sex Relations" If you can stand the shock of learning the truth from the simplest form of printed word, you will enjoy and appreciate this re- markable book. Its many chapters and illus- trations open the gateway to a newer, healthier and happier life, because the truth is daringly exposed . . . when you finish reading the 544 pages, sex ignorance will be a thing of the past. You will enjoy power of knowledge . . . this is not a promise, it is our guarantee. Order your copy on our say so and if you are not fully satisfied, you may return the book and get your $2.98 back at once. There is only one exception in this startling offer of $5.00 value for only $2.98 .... and that Is you must be 16 years of age or over or we will not ship to you. Send coupon today and banish fear, prevent disease and know the truth forever and ever. Send no money- pay postman only $2.98 plus postage on arrival. Now only $2.98 value $5.00 Preferred Publications, Inc., Dept. 7103 56 West 45th Street New York, N.Y. Please send me "Eugenics &amp; Sex Relations" sealed in plain wrapper. I will pay $2.98, plus postage to post-man on delivery in accordance with you sepcial half price offer. My age is............ Name............ Address........... Orders from Foreign Countries must be accompanied by express or money order of $3.45. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 