100 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "The taxi driver is bringing up my baggage," she called out. "But who are you?" Mabrue de- manded, rushing after her. The intruder turned and stared haughtily. "I am Mrs. Norman Norris. To think of Aunt Ellen actually getting a new maid! Did Norah die, or-- Say, you're not a maid. Another grandniece or one of Norman's friends?" Mabrue, fighting off recurring faintness, was unable to answer. She sank into a chair, feeling as if the whole world was rocking on its foun- dations. "So my last guess was right!" flared the other girl, her face a mask of fury. "The old dragon must be away, or he wouldn't dare. High time I came back from Florida! You little pirate, I've a mind to tear your eyes out and" - She checked her- self as the taxi man appeared with her baggage. "This way, please. She led him to Norman's room." Mabrue bolted for the kitchen. She held the ammonia bottle under her nose, gulped down cold water. "Oh, it can't be true," she wailed aloud burying her face in a dish towel. "Oh, it can't, eh?" The girl who claimed to be Norman's wife burst into the room. "If you don't be- lieve me, call the superintendent. Norman always was unfaithful to me, but this is the most audacious thing he ever did. Wait until I tell Aunt Ellen-" "You'll have to prove to me that you are Mrs. Norris," Mabrue cut in, white as death, but suddenly mis- tress of herself. "Look inside this ring then!" said the other coldly. Mibrue took the wedding ring she pulled off. Engraved inside it was: From N. N. to D. S. 6-6-30 Mabrue laid the ring back on the table. "If that isn't enough, look at this," the girl said, taking up the ring and throwing down a small snapshot taken from her bag. Mabrue bent to look at the pic- ture. There was no mistaking that it was of Norman and this girl. Fur- thermore, there was the signature she had often seen on the "Let's Be Gay!" cartoons: Nor-man ris and underneath it: and my-wife, Diane, 6-10-30. It was Sunday evening. For twenty-four hours, Mabrue had lain on her bed in the ugly room she had thought never to use again. There had been a few blessed hours when she had slept. Awake, she had been on the rack of torturing thoughts. Things had blurred since she had looked at the smiling pictured faces that had proved that Norman had lied to her and deceived her. The stab that had killed her faith in him had done something terrible to her. She had heard Diane Norris say: "If you weren't such a sweet, innocent- looking little thing, I'd have had the police here instead of bothering with proofs. Clear out, before I change my mind." The only thing Mabrue took out of all Norman had bought was a pair of stockings. She had put her darned ones on the dumb-waiter with the rubbish. She had hesitated about the hat, but had left it, and departed bare-headed. Thinking of the hat which had started it all, she wept anew. "Awake, Mabrue?" asked a girl's anxious voice from the doorway. "Please leave me alone, Marge," Mabrue sobbed. Marge came in and shut the door. 