Your Stars And You 141 take of quarreling with those in higher po- sitions. Opportunities are at hand but do not be too hasty. If born between De- cember 1st and 9th, you will find the cur- rent period confusing and it is important that you do nothing which will cause un- favorable criticism to descend upon you. This is a good week mentally. If born be- tween December 15th and 20th, you will have final changes and stability. A pleas- ant week socially. December 20th and January 19th (Capricorn) --Capricornians born between December 20th and 27th will have an active and busy week and opportunities are at hand. Capi- talize upon all past efforts and plan for the future. If born between January 1st and 10th, you will have an excellent week in any matters related to the mind, literary en- deavor, selling and correspondence. This is an inspirational week for you. If born between January 14th and 19th, you will find the week disturbing in domestic mat- ters, property angles and social participa- tion. Live cautiously and conservatively. Most of the annoyance is temporary. January 19th and February 19th (Aquarius) --This is not an especially good period for most of the Aquarians. If born be- tween January 19th and 26th, you will have financial problems and your emotions will be difficult to handle. Do nothing impul- sively. If born between February 1st and 9th, this is a week filled with petty worries and discord in the home. Do not be too critical and try to keep your feelings to yourself. Watch your diet and refuse to worry. If born between February 15th and 19th, you will feel restless but there is noth- ing for you to do about the delays and re- strictions. It is a pleasant week socially and it would be well for you to concentrate upon your life in its phases of relaxation as much as possible. February 19th and March 21st (Pisces) --Pisceans born between February 19th and 26th will have an irritating and busy week, but your influences are just beginning to be most favorable and it is time that you planned seriously about your future. If born between March 1st and 9th, you will have confusion in your emotional life. Your judgment is good this week in practical matters and you should utilize the written and spoken word freely. If born between March 15th and 21st, this is a stable period and the changes which transpire are for your eventual good. Hold to nothing which is of no value to you. THE STAR QUESTION BOX R. E. W., born October 14, 1911, Maine, 4:00 a. m.: I do not know how you mean to improve your home conditions. True, I can see that you have been thinking of leaving your husband from the positions in your chart, but you did not give me one scrap of information as a basis of judging the circumstances. Your husband is not as contented as he would like to be, either. I do not advise a separation and it would be most unfortunate for both of you if there is an outside emotional interest on the part of either of you. It would result in a permanent break. The only remedy I can suggest is a temporary separation--a mari- tal vacation, so to speak. If this is done, I believe you would come back together again. Mrs. J. H., husband born in February: That is the trouble. Your husband has had things coming his way too much. You should have sent me your birthday, also. I do not believe he will ever overcome his liking for liquor and his control of the habit will have to come from within himself. He is the type of person that has to learn through experience and I cannot tell whether or not you have any influence over him without your hour of birth, but I doubt it. He is a very stubborn and opinionated young man. The only thing you can do is to continue to cooperate and allow him to work out his program for him- self. Texas A-l, born August 23, 1913, noon, Texas: It is obvious that you are inter- ested only in having a home. You have many capabilities, among them being an artistic talent and the capacity to write. You will have to make your own choice. The year 1935 is a line one for you in which to do some creative work. I do not think you would like stenographic work at all. The young man has influence for marriage next spring and you will have the impulse, too. It is all right to enter matrimony, if the conditions are acceptable to you. 