158 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine I hope you will try to do all you can, and I wish you joy and happiness. Irene. Thank you so much for your let- ter, Irene, and I hope that Perplexed will not miss it. I'm sure it will help her to buck up and feel less hopeless. Sometimes it seems very hard to make plans for the future when there are so many obstacles, but we never know what we can do until we try. Good luck, Irene! Dear Mrs. Brown: I am a girl, eight- een years old, smoke and drink a little, but outside of these two habits I am a respectable girl. The boys who date me never attempt any tricks. Last winter I met Al. He is thirty years old, is a successful business man, and is well-to-do financially. He tells me he loves me and wants me to marry him, but I'm very undecided. Early this past summer I met Charlie, and since then I have been dating both boys. The last time I went out with Char- lie he also asked me to marry him. He is twenty-three years old and has a fairly good business of his own. But I can't seem to make up my mind, Mrs. Brown, which boy to accept. Al and I often quarrel, though we make up easily enough. Charlie and I get along fine and seldom disagree. I'm in love with both, and feel I could be happy with either one. However, one thing that bothers me is that when I want to go some place, Al always complains that he's tired, and this usually starts a quarrel. Some of my friends have told me that before Al went with me he used to come to their parties and stay until all hours of the morning. But when he's with me, he's always tired, and wants to go home early. Won't you please help me decide which one to accept? I feel Al is a little too selfish. Divided Love. Al's excuse does seem to have the earmarks of a selfish attitude. A man can't be tired all the time! But before you go on worrying about either man, has it occurred to you that when a girl feels she can be happy with one or the other of her suitors, she is not in love with either? A girl can be fond of two boys, but when it comes to marriage, it would not be possible for her to have ex- actly the same feeling toward both young men. If you were really in love, child, your heart would do your choosing for you, and there would be no guessing as to which man is the right one. I doubt if you're in love at all, and you shouldn't feel that you must accept one or the other. As long as you remain undecided, chances are that you are only inter- ested in them in a friendly fashion, and I suggest that you continue on that basis with them and have other boy friends, too. A girl never loses out by waiting until she is sure it's love on both sides. Dear Mrs. Brown: Can a girl be too decent? This has been my problem for some time. I want to explain my situa- tion and hope you can help me. I am a girl of eighteen. I have a lovely home and the nicest parents any girl could wish for, but it seems that I am not able to get a boy friend like other girls. Every one tells me I am very good- looking, and I am considered one of the best-dressed girls in town. I haven't any physical defects, and I'm not a bit con- ceited or snooty. I don't smoke or drink, and I simply refuse to neck or pet. No matter who the boy is, I never let him kiss me the first time he takes me out, and most of the boys seldom come back the second time. I guess I'm just a flat tire. If you were me, would you let down the ideals you had, Mrs. Brown? It seems that only then can a girl have some boy friends, for the boys won't date a girl if she's straight and refuses to be mauled over. I've almost given up hope that I will ever meet a boy who will appreciate a re- spectable girl and admire me for myself. Am I too goody-goody? I belong to several clubs and have trav- eled a little more than most girls, but everywhere I go the boys are all the same. Still Hoping. Stop worrying about whether a girl can be too respectable. I think it's the boys who ought to worry 