22 NIGHT LIFE TALES the royal visitor would suffer no ill effects. That done, he raced to 22 Rue Sa- bien and routed out the cabbie who had rented him the hack. Before the astounded eyes of the man, he re- moved the driver's uniform and sub- stituted the outlt of old rose and braid, even to the black dominoe over his eyes. "Now, drive me to the Maison de Legion d'Honeur and I will be through with the cab." The unsuspecting doorman bowed Eddie in to the exclusive Bal. No sooner had he stepped into a room thronged with brilliantly costumed people and alive with the rhythmic strains of music, than a hand fell on his arm. He turned to look into the bright masked eyes of the gorgeous brunette. She was wearing the cos- tume of a ballet dancer, tight and scant. "Where have you been, Hugo?" she whispered. "I was worried." Eddie's lips smiled. He made no reply, preferring to take no chances of detection. He eased her into his arms and danced her away. Suddenly a chilling thought came to him. She was the Crown Prince's sister! If he attempted to make love to her she would know something was wrong! "Hugo." She placed her lips close to his ear. "Francois will be ready soon. Had we not better go to zee lounge?" Eddie nodded. The girl slipped her arm in his. Together they walked off the dance floor into the palm-strewn lounge, seated themselves in an over- stuffed love seat. She leaned towards him, offered her parted red lips. Eddie had always been taught to act first and ask questions after. He acted, kissing her. "You still care for Marie, don't you, Hugo, darling?" she murmured. So that was her name--Marie. Ed- die disguised his voice and managed a faint "oui." He was about to con- tinue where he had left off when an- other man in uniform hurried up, dropped something in Marie's lap and beat a hasty departure. The girl tensed. "Come! We must go!" She pulled the bodice of her costume away, slid something into the aperture, and rose hurriedly. Ed- die caught a gleam of white; the sheen of which looked like pearls. Why was she secreting pearls. There was no time to ask questions. Marie fairly dragged him out to the coatroom. Before Eddie knew it he was alone with her in a taxicab and