4 NIGHT LIFE TALES mouth on hers with such force that her lips parted. She was not surprised then that her heart did thump, that her knees trembled and that a pulse throbbed unmercifully in her throat. The flame of his love swept her up into a moment where she was blind. Later, Pietro put Salvatia out of his arms and hurried back to his con- cession. His thoughts were of busi- ness now; not of love. "Why doesnt' love come to me? I was made for love !" But there was no time to wonder. She hurried out of the tent into the late summer afternoon. The fair grounds were as hot as all oven, steaming with people. The men stopped short with a clatter of their wooden shoes as Salvatia sped toward the main tent and the little groups of waiting performers behind it. She felt those masculine eyes upon her and wondered if, among the peasants or the Paris gentlemen, there was one man who could touch off the spark of her lambent love. And then suddenly Salvatia stopped short, her black eyes wide, her mouth apart and her bosom swelling sud- denly with an emotion that was strangely akin to love--for it was hate. She stood there, tense and stiff, staring straight in front of her. At a raised platform facing a tent where a tall, slim, yellow-haired giant, in an American cow-boy cos- tume -- chaps, blue polka-dot shirt, handkerchief knotted at the throat-- was calling to the passer-by, waving his ten gallon hat at them: "See the greatest wild bear in the world! Watch me wrestle with the wildest bear in captivity. A Rocky Mountain grizzly! Only ten centimes! The show begins at once, monsieurs et mesdames! Only ten centimes!" The tall blond man on the platform was Sammy Richards, the American. And Salvatia hated him. Four years ago he had been with the Benoit Cir- cus as a barker; four years ago she had thought that she loved him. She had stayed awake nights wondering how it would feel to be in his arms, to have him crushing her gypsy lov- eliness close to him. She had even gone so far as to make up a pretext that would take them walking in the woods in the moonlight. But even though Sammy's blue eyes had blazed, even though his breath had gone short in his throat that love- ly dance had not made him forget that she was, after all, a gypsy girl and therefore a social caste beneath the other members of the circus. He had gone away after the season, to America, his home--to some strange place called Hollywood where he said a fortune awaited him. But before he had gone he had done the one thing that made Salvatia hate him. She had gone to his tent that last night, she had stood there in the semi-darkness with hunger in her black eyes, with love trembling on her full lips. She was his woman. He had only to reach out and take her in his arms. Instead, he had looked at her closely ... at the inward curve of her waist, her slim perfect legs, and he had said, unmoved: "Salvatia, I saw you edging through the crowd today. Don't pick pockets. Be content with what Benoit pays you." She had stiffened, with hurt pride, with resentment. "All the gypsies pick pockets," she had said, evenly. "There's no harm in it." "But there is, Salvatia. One of these dumb Frenchmen will catch you at it