20 NIGHT LIFE TALES She nodded. "Oui, I am aware of zat, Monsieur. I am sorry I cannot help you. Zee costume is zee secret. As for anything else, I do not know." Eddie backed to the door. He was reluctant to leave, but in a case like this it paid to be prudent. If luck was with him he would have ample oppor- tunity to meet this Venus on an equal footing. "Thank you very much," he gasped. "Goodbye." She followed him to the door. Out on the street, Eddie glanced at his watch. Five o'clock. If anything was to be accomplished he had very little time in which to accomplish it. He looked into his wallet. Almost two thousand francs. That was $120. in American money. A hell of a lot to pay for admission to a masked ball, but he was determined to crash the gates of the exclusive shindig, no matter what the price. And now, too, there was an added incentive. A dark- haired incentive. Eddie doffed his thinking cap for the time being, stepped into a cafe for an absinthe frappe.[#]It was six- thirty when he returned to the lobby of the Vendome, slumped down in a chair behind a potted palm, kept his eyes glued on the elevators. An hour of watchful waiting brought reward. The gorgeous brunette, swathed in an ermine wrap, came out of the elevator on the arm of a man approximately Eddie's height and build. He, too, was wearing a voluminous opera cloak, but Eddie could see the striped trous- ers of a colorful uniform and a gold braided military collar. Both the girl and the man had black dominoes over their eyes. Eddie quivered with excitement. He was certain this was His Highness, the Crown Prince of Alesia. He mem- orized the gold spinach on the mans' patent leather peaked hat. It had an old rose crown and was festooned with garlands of braid. A second man in uniform, not as gaudy as the Crown Prince's, followed the royal couple through the lobby. Eddie watched them all get into a cab and drive off. He grinned and rubbed his hands in gleeful anticipa- tion. Now it was all up to him! It is too well known a fact to war- rant undue explanation. The Parisian taxi driver will sell his soul and the soul of each member of his family for the almighty franc. Acting on this truism, Eddie sallied forth from the hotel, picked a likely-looking driver and engaged him in conversation. "For how much will you rent me your uniform and your cab?" he ques- tioned. The driver's bushy eyebrows arched. "For how long, Monsieur?" "All night." "Five hundred francs.' Eddie computed rapidly. That would be $30. "No, too much. I'll give you 300 francs." "Ah, but, Monsieur, it is against zee law! Supposing I am caught, eh What zen?" "I'll get you out. Three hundred francs. What do you say. It was five times what the cabbie would earn. He knew it and Eddie knew it. A little more bantering, back and forth, and the deal was closed. A bare half-hour later, Eddie, in the driver's gray uniform, slipped behind the wheel of the cab. "You will return it to 22 Rue Sabien by dawn, Monsieur?" the cabbie questioned anxiously. "Maybe before then, Frenchie. Toodle-oo." With a great clatter of meshing gears, the ancient, squeaking