NIGHT LIFE TALES 21 vehicle rolled away. Narrowly missing a traffic police- man and a lumbering omnibus, Eddie reached the Maison of the Legion of Honor, drew up before the canopy stretching to the curb. An epauletted doorman hurried to the cab. Eddie leaned out. He pressed a folded hun- dred franc note into the doorman's hand. Speaking low and rapidly, he described the Crown Prince of Ale- sia's uniform, height, weight and gen- eral appearance as best he could. "Tell the gentleman there is some- one to see him. Make it clear that it is important. If you succeed in bring- ing him out I will give you another hundred francs." The doorman, blood brother to all other doormen in every part of the world, knew his onions. For cash in hand he would perform miracles. He nodded and vanished into the maison. Eddie stepped out of the driver's seat, put the collar of his coatup around his face. He opened the back door of the cab, waited anxiously. Sure enough, out came the Crown Prince in full, glittering regalia, three rows of medals shimmering on his chest. He paused uncertainly under the canopy. "Zis way, Monsieur," Eddie said. His heart was in his throat. The Crown Prince stepped forward. He looked around, puzzled. "Who wishes to see me?" he questioned. "A gentleman inside zee cab, Mon- sieur," Eddie blurted. The Crown Prince stooped, entered the open door. Eddie, using his body as a shield against the doorman, jerked a leather-covered black-jack from his pocket swung it, tapped the unsuspecting Crown Prince on the back of the head. He slumped into the seat without a sound. Eddie[t] slammed the door shut, hurriedly gave the 'doorman his second tip, wrove off. He stopped the cab on a dark street. Ten minutes of work and the Crown Prince was bound hand and foot with stout rope, his mouth ef- fectively gagged. Eddie stripped him of his resplendent uniform, ran the cab to the bank of the Seine, rolled the still unconscious Crown Prince into the grass behind a thick bush. It was a warm night and he was certain