78 MARIAN O'HEARN    he said. "I knew him a long time ago when we were kids in Texas. I worked for the same outfit and we covered a lot of trails together. He left years ago, and I didn't know where he was when I came to the Territory to start a spread in the Blue River Country.  "A week ago an hombre showed up at my Spade ranch and said Tom need- ed me here in Lawrence. I came--be- cause I'd have expected him to come if I'd sent for him. But I wasn't ready for what I found. Knox isn't the man I used to know. He doesn't even look the same. After I get him straightened out on what his gang pulled tonight, I'm heading back to the Blue River country."  His coppery bronzed face was almost tense, but his gaze was that of a boy. Young and warm. Or perhaps she was imagining that, because his eyes seemed to command her, to say disturbing, soundless words.  "Then you've probably found out what Tom Knox means to Lawrence. He and his crowd are turning it into the most corrupt, dishonest town in the West."  The thin look about his mouth be- came more marked. "If the people of the Territory wanted honest govern- ment, they'd force the politicians to give it to them. So I'm not worried about that."  "Then why did you want me to know about your friendship with Knox?" The light which had made his eyes young suddenly flared high. "Because you're you. When I go back to the Blue River country, I want you to go with me."  Color raced up her throat and re- ceded so swiftly that her face was pa- per white. She started to her feet, then sat down again, almost helplessly. He had held her as much as if he had put his hands on her.  "I don't know what you mean," she said, the words almost whispering through her dry lips. "I don't know you. We only saw each other a little while ago!"     "We've always known each other. At least, I've always known you. May- be I've been waiting for you. I've heard it happened that way but I didn't be- lieve it until now. Faith!" He was bending over her and the light which had moved in his eyes was also glowing behind the flesh of his face.  She shook her head, trying to find words to stop him, struggling to say that he must not touch her. But his hands were already on her, drawing her toward him, and his mouth was crush- ing down on hers. She could never remember all of that kiss, which stretched over an endless second. She only knew that his lips sent a savage song into her blood. A wild rhythm which was hard as his eyes and his arms.  She had hunted for an elusive magic with Mike Harvey and had not found it. Was this that magic? No. It was wilder and deeper. Something she could never forget nor escape now that she had known it. His arms loosened and she felt him straighten. He lifted his head and looked toward the door. There was someone there ... Mike Har- vey.  She turned unsteadily, and felt Pat's quick, supporting hand on her arm. She did not speak, but she and Mike looked at each other across the length of the room.  Finally, he made an odd gesture and put his bag down on a table. "Maybe," he said, and his voice sounded weary, "I'd better talk to you alone, Ran- some."  Pat's hand left Faith's arm and she heard him say: "You can talk to me any time--but is there any special rea- son to do it now?"  I'm afraid there is. Miss Byers is my fiancée."  Ransome did not speak and Faith, facing Mike, wondered how many min- utes were dragging by in a stillness which grew sharper than a scream. She wet her dry lips and put her hand against the hard pulse in her throat be- fore she was able to turn. His eyes