24 ELSA BARKER   Walt Carmack was home this morning and opened the door to her knock. His eyes were red-rimmed and tired-looking as if he hadn't slept much.  "Walt, can I talk to you a minute-- somewhere where we won't be overheard?"  Surprise showed in his eyes. He mo- tioned to the small room at one end of the long living room. "Here in Lucky Jim's office," he said.  She didn't take the chair he pulled out for her, but paced restlessly around the room for a moment, her big dark eyes burning with some strong emotion, her slim figure tense and wire taut.  "What's the matter, Lucy?"  Even in the state she was in Lucy's heart gave an involuntary little leap at the concern in his voice. Quickly she told him all that had happened the day before.  Walt listened the way she wanted him to listen--not as if he thought she were a schoolgirl spooked at her own shadow, but quietly, without interrupting, as if he be- lieved her.  "And someone was in my room last night while I was asleep," she finished.  The cowboy put out a hand and touched her shoulder. "He didn't bother you, Lucy?"  She shook her head. "I didn't even wake up. I guess I was pretty tired. He was looking for that newspaper."  "Did he find it?"  A faint smile curved up the edges of the girl's lips.  "He found a three-day-old one I'd left lying on the table. The other one I'd hid- den under the mattress. I don't know why I did it. I wasn't really expecting anyone to try and steal it." She drew the news- paper from under her light leather jacket. "I hope you can make more out of it than I could. I read every inch of it yesterday, but I couldn't find a thing to make such a fuss about."  "There's something in it all right," Walt said, and his confidence warmed the girl.  "I'm in this too, now. You'll let me know what you find out, won't you?" she asked with an eagerness that surprised her- self.  Lucy McAdams couldn't quite under- stand what was happening to her. Cer-     tainly she had never expected to get in- volved in murder and intrigue, or to be shaken to the depths of her soul and lose her appetite because of the hurt she had seen in a tall cowboy's eyes.  But Walt Carmack didn't seem to see anything unusual about her interest. A smile warmed his tired eyes.  "I'm as puzzled as you are. But you've earned the right to know whatever I find out." He paused as if hesitating to bring the personal element into this talk. Finally he said, a little awkwardly: "Thanks, Lucy--for bringing' this to me--instead of someone else."  Millie had breakfast on the table when Lucy got back to the little house. She toyed with a cup of coffee and a piece of toast, trying to make herself eat because Millie was watching her narrowly, all the while her insides were churning with im- patience. How long would it take Walt to read that newspaper? How long would it be before he would get around to tell- ing her what he found? Of course if it was important, she couldn't expect him to come busting right over to tell her first, and with their relations still on the strained, polite basis she could hardly go tagging after him again to ask him.  It was important. And Walt did come busting right over--but not to see her. He came walking into the kitchen while they were still at breakfast. He held the crumpled newspaper in his hand and his eyes fixed on Ford Harrell, bleak with anger.  "Ford, I--" he began, and then stopped, seeming to be aware of the presence of the women and children for the first time.  Millie was a quick-witted girl. She stood up. "Susie, you and Lucy and Bob go in the front room for a few minutes. You're all through breakfast."  "You too, Millie," Ford Harrell said quietly.  She shook her head. "From the looks of things you two are going to need a referee."  Lucy Adams turned at the door, closed it, and came back to the table. Millie start- ed to protest her staying, then closed her lips without speaking. Neither man looked at her. Walt's explosive anger seemed to