COWBOY LORE 115    sleeping three in a bed, as was the case at home, suddenly having a big spacious bedroom all to herself proved too much even for a girl with her happy disposi- tion. She cried herself to sleep the first night--tears of happiness mingled with a goodly slice of homesickness as well. Even a dugout can be home.  It was only natural that Ann should come to know Jeff best, who was work- ing the breaking pens. He often strolled up the path leading to the house for a cup of coffee, leaving sev- eral three-year-olds in the corral to chew on snaffel bits with a chance to think things over. Jeff had a way with horses, and some said with women, too, though I don't know about that. At least he was handsome and dashing enough to stir the hearts of most wom- en, I thought.  He'd been places, too. Mexico, the Argentine and had even cowboyed some over in Hawaii. He knew all Alaska, and mining, to hear him.  Mrs. Davis sniffed at that one and remarked, "I never knew a cowpoke to do a hard day's work in his life." Jeff, quite unabashed, made it clear that it had been something of a lark at the time and, he "wasn't lookin' fer work, leastwise not a shovel job?"  Mr. Davis, in the background as usu- al, would often look upon Jeff's empty cup after he had departed, and remind Martha that some day she might be a mite too flip with the fellow and he'd up and quit. To which Mrs. Davis would reply: "Let him! The woods are full of horse fighters." But she knew otherwise.     It was all very thrilling to Ann. Her face would go all pink and her eyes shiny when she poured his coffee. She even mustered up enough courage to ask Mrs. Davis if she might try her hand at a two-layer chocolate cake. Jeff had made the remark that it was really the only kind of cake he'd ever given a rip for. Reminded him of his moth- er, he'd said.  She'd been watching him work his youngsters from her prim perch on a top rail, when he'd said it, with his head tilted back in that challenging way he had, his eyes crinkled in a smile. And Ann had blushingly told him that it was her favorite cake, too.  Jeff kept right on with his work and his coffee, and Ann continued to please Mrs. Davis with her culinary, though it didn't take a sharp woman like Mrs. Davis to see how events were shap- ing up. Quite well she knew what was going on in the girl's heart.  No one claims to know to what lengths the courtship of the bronco- buster might have gone. Even Mrs. Davis was left in doubt. In fact things happened so suddenly that it was sev- eral days before people could adjust themselves to the fact that Jeff was gone, and apparently for a long time. At least that's what the grim-looking man with the star had said would like- ly be the case, though he didn't state specifically the reason. And no one asked him.