10 RANCH ROMANCES    CHAPTER II The Eagle's Chick  WHEN Loma awoke, the sun was in her eyes. She lay for a mo- ment, staring up into a golden sky, blissfully content. Of a sudden she real- ized that a fire was crackling and that the air was heavy and fragrant with the aroma of coffee and sizzling bacon. Startled, she sat upright, and her eyes opened wide with amazement.  Crouched over the fire, wielding an expert fork on the bacon, was none other than Link Sanderson. His back was towards her, but she recognized him instantly. Before she could catch her breath, he spoke.  "Good morning! Miss Carlyle," sounded a pleasant drawl, "I'm beggin' yore pardon for takin' these liberties with yore grub, but if yo're half as hungry as I am, yuh'll forgive me. How d'yuh like yore aigs--eyes open or shut?"  "Eggs!" exclaimed the startled girl, trying to master her confusion and sur- prise. "I had no eggs in my outfit."  She saw his wide shoulders shake as he chuckled. "I know it. I brought 'em in from the ranch. Thought yuh might like some. An' I've made a mess of ‘dough-gods' that look pretty dang good, even if I do say so myself."  Loma's surprise gave way to a feel- ing of indignance. How long had this drawling young fellow been around her camp, anyway? And what right had he to intrude in this fashion? Her tone was cold and full of censuring sarcasm. "I don't know about the eggs and ‘dough-gods.' But certainly there is nothing wrong with your nerve. Is it the custom in this country to make so free and easy with other people's prop- erty?"  "Well," grinned Link, "we folks try an' be hospitable. Now don't waste this grand mornin' rawhidin' me. My inten- tions are the best in the world. I thought yuh'd be kinda tickled to find breakfast all hot an' waitin' when yuh woke up. What say we eat first, an'     then yuh can ride me bug-huntin' after- wards? How did yuh say yuh liked them aigs?"  "I didn't," snapped Loma. "But as long as you insist--leave the eyes open."  She slid out of the blankets and yawned, pulled on her boots and, with soap and towel unearthed from her sad- dle bags, crossed to the spring. The water was so cold it seemed electric, and the rebound of it filled her with such a sense of glowing well-being that she found her anger and indignation dissipating fast. As she toweled her face briskly she cautiously observed this rather forward young rider.  Grudgingly she had to admit that he was good to look at. His face was particularly fine. The hawkishness of his profile gave him a look of intense, brilliant virility, the jaw showing strength and indomitable will. It was the face of a fighter, fearless, intelligent and strong. He was tanned to a mahog- any brown. He were a blue woolen shirt and blue jeans, over which were strapped flaring batwing chaps, worn and use-scarred. His boots were ex- pensive, quilted ones and his spur rowels were taped. Loma scored a count in his favor for that. Evidently this man loved horses too much to punish them with naked rowels.  In stature he was tall, with wide, flat shoulders and the narrow hips of a rider. About those hips sagged a car- tridge belt, carrying a walnut-butted gun. His neckerchief was a neutral shade, his Stetson black and pushed back far enough on his head to show an expanse of crisp brown hair. She saw that his eyes were gray, flawless, clear and keen.  Apparently he was not watching her in the slightest, but he spoke suddenly with a humorous quirk on his lips, and his words set the color to beating hotly in Loma's cheeks.  "Shore hope I qualify under examina- tion," he drawled. "But I warn yuh that looks can lie. I'm ornery an' pig- haided an' lazy as all get-out."  "Indeed!" retorted Loma. "I'm quite