108 L. LINDLEY MULKEY    washed up for supper. I'll have it ready in a jiffy."  All in all it had been a disappointing day for Fran. First that annoying inci- dent of the snake charmer and Snide Felton, and then being away when when Boyd Hanley had called. Per- haps Boyd had wanted to ask her to go to the big mid-summer dance in Wag- ontire next week.  Fran went to bed but not to sleep. The mid-summer dance! There was that pale green frock she'd sent for in the mail-order catalogue. It'd be here in time. Pale green brought out red tints in her hair and did something for her eyes.  Fran was up with the sun. But Paddy, who bunked at the barn in a little room off White Arrow's stall, hadn't come in yet. Fran sounded the breakfast triangle a second time and, when the old man still didn't appear, went down the path to- ward the corral. It wasn't like Paddy to oversleep.  Fran reached the corral gate and then suddenly stopped. A groan sound- ed from over near the watering trough. The next moment she saw Paddy Mc- Grew lying in, half out of the trough, with a crimson trickle of blood across his forehead.  "Paddy! Paddy!"  Fran worked swiftly, lifting the old cowhand and laying him on the ground. For one terrifying moment she thought he was dead, then another groan passed his lips. Fran rose and sped to the house, returning a moment later with a flask of brandy. A few drops forced between Paddy's lips and his eyes slow- ly opened.  "Miss ... Fran ... White Arrow...."  "White Arrow!" A paralyzing fear struck the girl.  "Gone . . . stolen!" gasped Paddy, struggling for breath. And then as Fran forced more brandy between his lips, the old man gained strength for speech.     "I was goin' to bed last night, then remembered the water hadn't been turned off here in the trough. It was dark when I come out and I didn't see nobody around. But as I bent down, feelin' for the faucet, somethin' hit me from behind. I jest went numb all over. Then a flash o' white came through the barn door . . . but some- how I couldn't move or yell. Reckon later I passed clean out."  White Arrow stolen! And she'd guaranteed the albino's delivery in an- other month! She'd even spent the three thousand Colonel Morehouse had paid. These thoughts raced like fire through Fran's mind as she ran to the albino's stall. Empty! Paddy hadn't dreamed it all.  "Who you reckon it was, Miss Fran?" asked the old cowhand, pulling himself up with the watering trough for support.  "I'm not sure, Paddy. But...." Suddenly Fran stopped, remember- ing her interrupted conversation with old Tanya. Snide Felton had been in the carnival tent and no doubt had recognized Fran. Had he tried to in- sure her attendance at the night show in order to make the stealing of White Arrow easier?  "What is it, Miss Fran?" exclaimed Paddy, watching the girl's white face.  "That carnival outfit that's been camped in Wagontire! It was them, I'm sure!" declared the girl. "Snide Felton and his son were out here only last week, probably looking over the ground on the pretext of buying."  Fran had snatched her saddle from the corral fence and thrown it on the little bay she'd ridden the day before. "There's only one thing to do, Paddy, and that's to cut their trail before they get out of the country. They won't travel the regular routes, which means they'll probably follow down Sand Ridge and cross the alkali flats toward the San Simeon badlands."  "But, Miss Fran, you can't tackle them hombres alone! I'll go along."  "You're weaving on your feet, Pad-