140 RANCH ROMANCES   Finally they loomed in sight, and Josh Hastings slowed up as he planned his campaign of action; then, regard- less of his blistered feet, he broke into a run for a nearby coulee. He had no time to lose if he were going to make the lower corral and get a horse with- out being seen.  When he had left the ranch to follow Scrap Johnson, he had announced that he might spend the night in town, so no one was expecting him. Right now, the boys would be either in the mess shack or gathered around waiting for the supper call, so here was his chance for a safe getaway.  Following the coulee, he came at last to the lower corral, which was hidden from the ranch buildings, and a good three hundred yards distant from the upper corral. There he roped himself a horse, quickly saddled him and rode back through the coulee which shel- tered him from view. Giving the ranch house a wide berth, he headed off for the mountains at a run.  It was over an hour later when Hast- ings reached the trail that eventually led to the pass across the divide.  The last streams of color from the afterglow of the sunset were fading into light pinks and lavenders, and twilight was well under way, as he started up the climb between the living walls of pines. Only the faintest light penetrated through the thick branches that interlaced overhead, but Josh Hastings pushed on, his lust for re- venge still strong upon him.  There would be a moon later, to guide him through the pass in the sad- dle of the divide's defile, if he had not overtaken his victim by that time, but he figured on coming upon him before he reached the central divide. Urging his horse on, he finally emerged from the heavily timbered slope of the east- ern divide. He topped the ridge and plunged down to the shallow valley that lay between it and the central divide.  After he quickly crossed the valley, Josh Hastings rode his mount on up the     scantily timbered slope. The light of the rising moon gradually spread over the whole landscape, and by the time Hastings reached the crest of the pass, it was high in the heavens.  Just beyond the saddle of rock was a small grassy plateau, which harbored the spring-fed stream from whose mys- terious depths water flowed in both directions, part seeking the Bitter Root River in Montana, and part flow- ing to the Clear Water River in Idaho.  As Hastings neared this strange spot, his mount plunged restively, and in- stead of making for the inviting water that gleamed ahead in the moonlight, he balked and tried to whirl back and head through the pass again. Steady- ing him, and driving on with a sharp cut of his quirt, Josh Hastings reached the small grassy meadow that bordered the stream.  As he peered ahead through the moonlight, he made out a strange, hunched form lying by the edge of the water. He swung his mount sharply at right angles and headed him away from his gruesome discovery. Dis- mounting at some little distance, he came back on foot to investigate, a baf- fled sense of rage rising in him at the thought of being cheated of his re- venge.  When he turned the inert figure over, he let out a startled oath as he gazed at the deadly white face thus exposed to the moonlight. Instead of the pinched features of Scrap Johnson that he had expected to see, the still face of Ted Gaynor in its frame of glossy black hair, stared up at him.  CHAPTER XIX Revenge  RECOILING in the first surprise of finding his other enemy so unex- pectedly delivered into his hands, Josh Hastings stared back at the seemingly dead face for a long moment. Then he dropped on his knees and felt Ted's heart.  A grunt of disappointment escaped