AMATEUR PAGE 123    Changing West  "UNDER the rim rocks, painted red, Many a cowboy has lain his head; Near the old water holes where herds go by, 'Midst the burning sands and the alkali.  The glittering stars so dazzling bright Pierce the darkness of the night. Spirits of those long laid to rest Hover near--there's a changing West.  Wagon trails swept out by endless rail, Stagecoaches gone that once carried mail, Longhorned cattle are seldom seen On once endless prairies, now pasture green.  Camp cook with his "Come an' get it," yell Has long been replaced by the dinner bell; Shooting scrapes and cowboys' jests, Ever gone--there's a changing West!  Irene Scott Pray, Amarillo, Texas  We'll Settle Down  WEST of the Red River Valley, West of the high rocky peaks, We'll settle down in the valley And happiness there we will seek.  We'll settle dwon in the valley, Build up a dream house for three; And then grow a garden of flowers, Live happy and healthy and free.  When the sun sinks behind a high mountain, Evening breezes come cool as the rain, We'll settle down in the valley, And live our dreams over again. Mrs. Beulah E. Smith, Seattle, Wash.     Little Old Soddy  LITTLE old soddy, standing alone, Would you tell of the dreams you are hiding? Of your former occupants, departed and gone, Of their faith, hope and love so abiding?  Would you speak of the prairie's turbulent wind, Of the spring's soft, mild breeze so caressing? Or the farmer, so sturdy, his magical thoughts Of the future rich harvests, obsessing?  Would you mention wildflowers, the prairie's delight, Or the joy of the meadow lark singing? Little old soddy, to dust soon to turn, Could you tell what the future is bringing?  Daisy Patterson Jacobs, Lenora, Kans.  NOTE: The word "soddy" is a localism for sod house, the type of building erected by the early pioneers, but very rare at the present time. D.P.J.  Cowboy's Dream  THERE'S a campfire glow on the prairie, And a silvery moon o'er head, And a coyote's howl in the lonely night As a cowboy makes his bed.  The stars look down in sympathy While he rests his weary head; And his faithful horse keeps vigil While he dreams of his own soft bed.  And a girl with hair that's golden, And a smile that's his alone; When the roundup days are over He'll head for Home, Sweet Home. Lula Perkins, Mooresville, N. C.