26 RANCH ROMANCES    Molly Downs accompany her, but that worthy lady begged off.  "Don't mention a saddle to me again for a few days at least, honey," groaned Mrs. Downs. "I'm so stiff and sore now I could scream."  So Loma rode out alone and headed down the valley. It was a beautiful day and eight hours of sound sleep the night before had done much to dissi- pate the depressing aftermath of Spider Glick's killing.  While not having been raised on a cattle ranch, Loma had sufficient judg- ment and common sense to know that her inheritance constituted an ideal range. Water was unlimited, the feed was luxurious and heavy, and timber offered secure shelter at all times of the year. Also, due to the conformity of the country, cattle would not stray very far from their initial range.  Loma traversed the entire length of the valley, marveling at its extent. Eventually she reached the lower end of it, where it fell away rapidly in a great slope towards the southeast. There was a section of tableland again, and beyond that the Durango Desert. Se- lecting the peak of a grassy knoll, she dismounted, ground-reined her pony and squatted cross-legged on the grass, staring out into the blazing infinity to the south.  She was vaguely troubled. Just be- fore going to bed the previous night she had looked through a lot of old tally sheets, dated a few weeks before her uncle's death. A hasty calculation showed that slightly in excess of four thousand head of stock were then car- rying the Bar C 88 brand. In her ride down the valley she had made a rough count of the cattle she passed and the best she could make of it was around twenty-five hundred. So, she was won- dering.  Perhaps half an hour passed in si- lence. Then her bronco lifted its head and, with pricked ears, looked down the long slope of tableland. Loma, follow- ing the look of the horse, saw a rider down there, jogging slowly along, scru-     tinizing the few head of cattle that were there. Loma recognized Link Sander- son.  Her first thought was to take her mount and slip back out of sight before Link saw her. But this quickly passed and a rebellious glow built up in her.  Link was plainly checking up on Bar C 88 cattle. Evidently he was on the search for more blotted brands. Loma felt somehow that his implication was that she was a thief. The color in her cheeks mounted as, with quick deci- sion, she swung into her saddle and can- tered down to meet him. When she came up he doffed his hat and smiled.  "Howdy, neighbor," he greeted her. "Fine mornin', ain't it?"  "It will do," replied Loma coldly. "What brings you here?"  "Just takin' a look-see at some more brands," Link admitted. "Findin' that other one sorta made me curious."  "Any luck?" She took no trouble to hide the sneer that came unbidden to her tongue.  Link looked at her very steadily. "Some," he drawled quietly. "Fourteen by exact count."  The arrogance went out of Loma. "Fourteen!" she gasped. "You're cer- tain of that?"  "Pretty shore. My eyes are right good."  Loma was scarlet, but she stood to her guns. "I'm very sorry," she mur- mured. "That puts me in the position of being a thief, doesn't it?"  "Not at all--not at all," reassured Link staunchly. "But it's time you an' me had a good talk. Let's 'light down an' take it easy."  Suiting the words to action, Link dis- mounted, rolled a cigarette, then stretched his long, lithe carcass on the grass. Loma hesitated but a moment before climbing down and sitting beside him.  "Well?" she demanded.  "I'm gonna talk straight out," said Link briefly. "An' please understand that what I say is for yore own good. I know yo're proud an' a mite stubborn