144 RANCH ROMANCES    waste any time getting back to her.  During the storm that had raged for the last two days, Kay had busied her- self getting the extra cabin ready for Ted's mother and sister. It had been furnished in a rough sort of way, and by picking out odds and ends from the bunkhouse and using some of the few things that had been saved from the fire, Kay had contrived to make it quite home-like.  Babs had ridden over once in the downpour, to report that all was well at the Flying Six, and that Aunt Kate and she were in no hurry to leave their pres- ent quarters. A frown puckered Kay's forehead as her thoughts shifted from Ted to the situation at the Flying Six. It was galling to be accepting Josh Hastings' hospitality for members of her family, even if she wasn't accepting it for herself.  She hadn't seen him since that visit when she had told him of her plans, with such near-disastrous consequences. One good thing, at least, had come out of it. She had positive proof now that Josh Hastings was working against her. The doubtful point was, whether or not he knew that she was aware of his ef- forts to get the timberland away from her.  Unless Scrap Johnson had gone back and reported what had happened, Josh Hastings would have no way of know- ing whether or not Kay had known of his plot. And Kay had a hunch that Scrap Johnson wouldn't be any too eager to describe that afternoon's events to his boss. He would be much more likely to realize that his usefulness on this range was over, and to clear out without any embarrassing expla- nations.  In that case, at least while Aunt Kate and Babs were under his roof, it would be best to pretend ignorance of Josh Hastings' real attitude toward her. Also, it would be easier to keep her eye on him, if she didn't let matters come to an open break. Jumping out of bed with a sudden desire to express her excited an- ticipation by action, Kay hurriedly     dressed, and ran up to the mess shack for breakfast.  Ted and his family probably wouldn't arrive before noon, anyway, but there was still a number of finishing touches that she wanted to put on the cabin. Giving an involuntary skip of sheer joy of living at the beauty of the morning, Kay drew in a long breath of the in- vigorating air. After the two-day down- pour, everything was so fresh and glis- tening that it must be a good omen.  The morning flew past, and by noon Kay had the cabin completely finished and shining brightly for its new occu- pants. She had a guilty feeling that she should have ridden over to see Aunt Kate instead of devoting her whole morning to the pleasant excitement of getting ready for Ted, but she eased her conscience by the thought that she would go over after the arrival of the newcomers, so that she could tell Aunt Kate all about them.  All during lunch Kay had an ear out for the pounding of hoofs and the rattle of the livery buckboard from Red River, but the quiet of the mesa was undis- turbed.  The afternoon wore on, and by four o'clock Kay found herself nervous and irritable with disappointment. If she waited any longer, it would be too late to ride over to see Aunt Kate; and she'd never hear the end of it, if she let all of the day go past without seeing her.  On the other hand, she'd be sure to miss Ted, if she started off now. Art- lessly persuading herself that it would be very rude not to be there to greet Ted's mother and sister, and that see- ing Ted himself had nothing to do with it, Kay hung around.  Finally, at six o'clock, when the mesa bell clanged out, Kay reluctantly ad- mitted that they weren't going to arrive that day. At supper, she was silent and abstracted, dwelling in her thoughts rather than in the conversation going on about her. Suddenly she was aware that Seth was speaking to her.  "What did you say, Seth?" She came to with a start.