VALENTINE VENGEANCE 87    "That doesn't necessarily mean they're short," said the other with smug superior- ity. " Some think it's good to use cake along with regular feed. Maybe I can locate some hay for you."  "And if you can," said Terry contempt- uously, "you know that the Triangle T and the Slash M couldn't get the cattle to it! What kind of a line are you handing me, Beales? You seem to forget I'm a cowman, not a storekeeper!"  Leaving Beales unceremoniously, Terry hurried after Anita, who was putting away things for the night. "You can't mean what you said, sweetheart," he began re- proachfully. "Why, I came to town mostly to take you to the dance."  Her voice was quite expressionless, and she did not look at him. "I've promised to go with Roy."  "Don't I come first?" he queried, hurt and unhappy. "I'd thought that you and I--"  "Are just old friends, Terry. So please don't make it harder for me by not under- standing what I've told you." Terry was sure he heard a catch in her voice, and had taken an impulsive step toward her when Roy Beales reached them.  "Oh, here you are, Anita," he said, pro- prietarily. "We've just time to talk over that grocery order. . . . G'night, Welch."  Edged thus unceremoniously out of the picture, Terry said a brusque good-by and let himself out into the cold night, mingled anger and disappointment fighting in him. There was, however, another piece of busi- ness to investigate, and he hoped grimly to be more successful in this matter.  AFTER supper at the hotel, he went to the tele- graph office and sent a wire to the Cheyenne firm from which he had ordered the cotton seed cake. Then, restless and consumed with desire to straighten out the misunderstand- ing with Anita, he went to her house. She hadn't seemed very happy when Beales was around, and she had certainly changed after he interrupted their first conversation. If Terry could only see her alone!  A short walk brought him to her house,     and he stopped outside the picket fence, his eager eyes traveling to the brightly lighted living room. He saw Anita's golden curls bent over some sewing, and his heart beat high for a moment until he also saw Beales stretched lazily in a big chair smok- ing. Altogether a very domestic scene!  Terry thought he had had enough blows in the short time since he had reached Black Rock. This last one sent him almost reel- ing back to the hotel, where, after an un- happy pipe or two and some pessimistic conversation with other ranchers regarding the hard winter and shortage of feed, he went somberly to bed, but not to sleep.  Early next morning he visited Black Rock's real estate operator, jovial Ed Gates. Ed greeted him with a friendly slap on the shoulders which well nigh upset Terry's stalwart frame, yet was heart- warming in contrast to last night's recep- tion at the Hart store.  "Welcome to our city," he boomed. "What can we do for you?"  "I want to make a down payment on the Armisted place, Ed, and here's a check for the amount." No use to explain that this check represented practically Terry's en- tire bank balance. He wanted to cinch the deal while he was here.  Gates shook his head, regretfully. "You're too late by about a month, Terry."  "Too late! But I'd talked it over with you last fall! You understood that I in- tended--"  "But remember, no money had passed. If you hadn't been away off there on High Mesa and the telephone out of order, I'd have got in touch with you. But with you snowed in in that damned high country it was hopeless. And this buyer had the cash."  "And the buyer?" The question a whip- lash of despair.  "Anita Hart. Though it's funny she'd want a ranch, her always busy at the store. Probably aims to lease it. I s'pose you've heard about her and Roy Beales? She used to be your girl, didn't she, Terry? Too bad, for I can't stomach Beales."  "The transaction's completed?" Terry asked this mechanically, with a faint hope that Anita might have changed her mind.  "I'm expectin" the last papers from the