116    RANCH ROMANCES named ‘Hank,' that had an accident to- day."  While he was speaking the cowboy was aware that another man came to the door, halting there to speak to someone inside the house. Only part of his figure was visible, but that was strongly suggestive of the Cross Bar foreman.  Oliver's eyes held a flicker of sur- prise as they glanced over the strange cowboy's horse and equipment. Then he said, "Sure--mighty glad to see you, Wilson. Didn't know what we were going to do--not a man around that could fill Hank's place. Light, and put your horse in the corral."  Before Brady could reply, the door opened and Gates emerged. For the second time that day his greenish eyes flickered over the cowboy, then he drawled, as he descended the steps: "You said you'd be glad to go to work any place. I didn't know then about this job--but I'm sure it will just suit you." There was no particular ex- pression in the tone, yet Brady felt an implied sneer.  Gates moved on across the yard to a horse that was tied to a tree, calling back, "So long, Oliver--see you soon."  "So long," the rancher returned, walking towards the corral at Brady's side. "There's a bunk in the cook shack," he went on, "and Hank slept there. I guess there's everything you'll need to get breakfast. In the morning you can get whatever you need from the storehouse--I'll give you the key."  Brady thought his ears must be play- ing him tricks. Before he could frame a question, however, the rancher said: "We're up against it here without a cook, as my wife isn't well and my niece has all she can do at the house. Sure glad you came along."  Brady Wilson took a sudden, dizzy- ing, mental somersault. "Well, I'll be damned!" he exclaimed to himself. "They've hired me for a cook! And it's a put-up job of that Mister Fore- man Gates to humiliate me--humph!" Halting his stride, he was on the point     of flat refusal when second thought re- strained him.  "I haven't got a dime--and not an- other thing in sight. Guess I'll have to stick. And I'll hand that hatchet- faced fellow a surprise. Maybe he won't get such a big laugh, after all. There's one consolation--I can make sourdough biscuits around nine-tenths of the cooks I ever saw."  So Brady Wilson accepted the situa- tion, grinning ruefully to himself as he spread his blankets in the former cook's bunk. He wondered what his recent mates would think if they knew of his predicament? "If I've got any enemies, they'd sure be tickled. But this ain't gonna last more'n a month; I'll get my pay and pull out. You can't keep a good cowpuncher down! I'm still within ridin' distance of Doreen. When I get through wrastlin' pots I'll look her up the first thing."  He was tired, and with that soothing thought Brady fell into a slumber which lasted so long he had to move at double quick time to build the fire and have breakfast for the five ravenous punchers who stormed the cook shack at break o' day. He was aware of their sidelong looks of appraisal.  "Guess they sense I ain't no ordinary cook," he grinned to himself, "but I ain't saying a word. Let 'em think what they like--some of these days I'll show 'em a thing or two. Then they can boast that they're the only hombres that ever was nourished by the culinary masterpieces of Brady Wilson, top cowpuncher of Arizona and Colorado."  He smothered the urge that rose within him as the men's spurs jingled off towards the corrals. Ever since he could remember, morning had meant mounting a horse to ride out over the range. For a few minutes he hated the big iron stove in the corner, wanted to fling the pots and pans as far as he could and run from the place. There was a sour note in his grin, now, as he surveyed the remains of breakfast, an- ticipating with sudden keenness the thirty other breakfasts he must prepare