HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 45    at that place. After one long look, he lowered the glasses with a sneer.  "Yuh pose as bein' such a wise jasper, Link Sanderson," he muttered. "But this is shore one time when yo're sound asleep at the switch. Time yuh wake up to what's goin' on, we'll be a long way from here--too far away for yuh to do anythin' about it. An' some day later on, mebbeso we'll meet again, yuh an' me. I'll finish the score then, if Joe Colinga don't beat me to it."  At noon the rustlers stopped for a short bite to eat, then resumed their toil. And when sundown came and they gathered around Coburn, the latter knew, by the size of the herd before them, that the Bar C 88 range had been combed clean.  "We eat an' rest for an hour," said Coburn, "then we hit the trail. I know yuh fellers are tired, but this ain't the time to stop."  "Tired--hell!" spat one of the riders. "I've rode thirty-six hours at a stretch, more'n once in my life--an' for jest what measly wages I was drawin'. With a real stake in sight, I'll ride fifty if I have to. I reckon the rest of the gang feel the same."  By the nods and grunts of approval, it was plain that he had expressed the sentiments of the rest. A hard, game crowd, mused Coburn, that would stand a lot of stopping to keep them from put- ting this thing over. He thought of Link Sanderson again, of Loma Carlyle, and particularly of that fatuous old fool of a Judge Reynolds. He barked a short, sneering laugh of contempt.  AT the Quarter Circle S Ranch head- quarters, Link Sanderson was moving leisurely enough. He met the men at breakfast and told them to stick around close to the ranch, and put their riding equipment, their rifles and gun- belts in good shape. When questioned about the absence of Sleepy Burch, Link merely grinned.  "Yuh know," said Shorty Pierce, scrubbing a cleaning patch industriously up and down the barrel of his Winches-     ter, "yuh know, I'll swear to gosh that I heard somebody come an' get Sleepy outa bed early this mornin'. I didn't wake up complete, but I heard 'em jest the same--sorta in a dream like."  "Yuh would," snorted Bob Rennifer, Shorty's bosom pal and perpetual tor- ment. "Yo're allus havin' some sort of pipe-dream. I never seen one of these little, sawed-off squirts like yuh that wasn't full of fits an' starts. Yuh prob- ably heard Jim snorin'--that's what yuh heard."  Bob winked at Jim Staley, a gaunt old puncher with little, twinkly eyes and a grave, mahogany-colored face. Jim nodded. " 'Twas either that, or the ghost of Joe Colinga was spurtin' him, Bob," agreed the old puncher gravely. "Yuh know I was plumb shocked the way Shorty acted day before yestiday. He was plumb bloodthirsty. The way he pulled on the rope when we strung up Colinga sorta horrified me, yuh might say."  Shorty's round, pink-cheeked face turned a brick red. Truth be known, Shorty had been a trifle sick at the spec- tacle of stern and ready justice the Quarter Circle S punchers had meted out on the murderous renegade.  "Yah!" he retorted. "Yuh jaspers think yo're smart, don't yuh?--jest be- cause yuh got a set of innards as hard as nigger-haid rocks. But if yuh know so much, where is Sleepy? Answer me that, if yuh can."  Bob looked at Shorty in pitying amazement. "Why, don't yuh know, Shorty? Shucks, that's shore too bad. Sleepy's gone to Kalamazoo to borrow a left-handed monkey wrench."  Shorty tossed his Winchester onto his bunk and stamped to the door of the bunkhouse. There he turned. "Yah!" he blurted. "Yah! Yuh long-laiged, hoss-faced drink of alkali. Yah-h!" With that final broadside he stumped off to the saddle shed with all the dig- nity his five-foot-three-inch carcass could muster. Jim Staley curled up on his bunk, convulsed with silent laughter. Bob Rennifer grinned from ear to ear.