20 ELSA BARKER    them carefully, then stuck them back on his nose.  "I hope so," he said. "Ford's been with me a long time. He's been a good man an' I would have sworn he was my good friend, too."  "That mesa is on one of the state school sections, ain't it?"  Lucky Jim nodded.  "I been wonderin' if that bill that's be- fore the legislature now had anything to do with it."  "I don't quite see how."  "Neither do I," Walt admitted wryly. "It's just a crazy idea. Did you find out anything about who's pushin' that bill?"  Lucky Jim shook his head. "Not ex- actly. Senator Timmons from one of the southern counties drew up the bill. There's a lot of potentially good farming land down there that they can sell for a good price, while they're only getting about ten cents an acre on their yearly lease to stockmen. Timmons said he understood there was some of that kind of land on my range an' he thought the schools ought to have the money. So he included sections 2, 16, 32 and 36 in my two townships. But he couldn't remember just where he had got- ten the idea.  "It was the same way with a lot of the legislators I talked to. They was in favor of passin' the bill as Timmons introduced it--but I couldn't trace the damn talk down to who started it. Ford's goin' to do what he can to get our two townships knocked out of the bill. If I have to buy that land, I will--although it'd sure cramp my style for a few years an' it wouldn't do the schools any good. I'm payin' them more rent now than they'd get interest on bonds."  Just then the telephone rang shrilly.  "I'll answer it," Lucky Jim said quick- ly. "That'll be Ford. He was goin' to call me tonight an tell me what happened to the bill."  The telephone was one of the wall crank kind and he had to get up and cross the room to answer it.  "Hello," he said, raising his voice the way country folks usually do into a tele- phone. "Hello--Ford? Yes--this is Lucky Jim." He listened a moment, and grad-     ually a satisfied smile broke over his face. "Good work, Ford! Good night!"  He hung up, a broad smile on his face. "Both houses passed it--after striking out our townships. The governor's satis- fied. He'll sign it as it is. He told me yesterday he would."  He yawned and stretched like a content- ed, happy cat.  "Guess I better be gettin' to bed. I got to get up early in the mornin'. I'm startin' for Mexico tomorrow."  Walt grinned.  "Mexico? Mom'll sure raise Ned about the way you're tearin' around like a young blood these days."  The old man grinned back at him. He crossed the room and laid an affectionate hand on his grandson's shoulder.  "I wanted to send you, Walt. I figgered you might like to get away for a while, but Gene wouldn't hear to it. I reckon he's been listenin' to some of Ford's talk about you bein' a hell-raisin' young good- for-nothin'! However, I'd have thought he'd like to get you out of the way so he'd have a clearer field with that little Mc- Adams girl."  Walt's smile faded. "I've got a job to do here," he said, ignoring that last crack. "But what's Gene got to do with it?"  The old man scratched his head. "Reckon I never told you: I borrowed some money from the bank last year, spec- ulatin' on a few more cattle. I put 'em on grass in Mexico an' from all reports I been gettin' they're doin' fine. But Gene's been gettin' worried about them. Said he'd go himself an' look 'em over if I couldn't get away. 'Course I couldn't let him do that. Gene may be a helluva smart banker, but he don't hardly know one end of a cow from the other."  Walt couldn't have told why he didn't like the idea of his grandfather leaving just then. He had a vague hunch that the events of the past two weeks were all tied up together somehow--Billy's murder; the proposed sale of Lucky Diamond school sections that had been almost but not quite ordered by the legislature; and now his grandfather's sudden trip to Mexico. But it was just a feeling. He had no real reason for connecting them and he knew it.