FIRE FRENZY 147    if he does show up--which I doubt."  "Why?" asked Kay interestedly.  Josh Hastings hesitated, then brought out with a show of reluctance: "It's an ugly story, but I think you ought to know it, for your own protection. When I had my ranch over in the Clear Water Basin, this Gaynor was punching for Old Man Gage of the X Bar L. He was involved in a rustling raid of his boss' cattle, and the shooting of his son." He paused a moment, then added, "There was a girl mixed up in it, too, but I won't go into that."  "You may as well give me the whole story, now you've started." Kay's voice was coldly unconvinced and Josh Hast- ings flared up at her implied disbelief.  "Just a pretty case of promising to marry the girl and then deserting her." Josh Hastings shot a sidelong look at Kay to get her reaction to this news, and as he caught the quick look of sur- prised unbelief, he added, "She com- mitted suicide."  "How do you know that Ted Gaynor was responsible for her committing suicide?" Kay demanded hotly. The story was certainly ugly, but she found it impossible to associate it with Ted. He couldn't have been guilty of a thing like that! It sounded much more like the sort of thing of which Josh Hastings himself would be capable.  "It was common talk," Hastings an- swered her indignant question with a more tolerant tone. "I don't wonder you are startled. But now you can see the probable reason for his disappear- ance. He knew you'd hear his story sooner or later from me, and figured he'd better clear out while the going was good."  For several moments they rode on in silence, then Kay said slowly, "I'm cer- tainly not going to condemn anyone by ‘common talk' and rumor. You ought to have something more tangible to go on, before you spread a story like that to ruin a man's reputation."  Josh Hastings gave a short laugh. "I must say your confidence in me isn't any too flattering."     "Would you repeat that story to Ted Gaynor's face?" Kay demanded.  "Sure I would! But don't worry; I won't have to," Hastings sneered. "Take my word for it, that talk about showing up again with his mother and sister was all one grand bluff."  Kay made no answer, but she touched Flicker with her heel and set a sharper pace for home. She didn't for one min- ute believe Josh Hastings' story, but she was animated by a sudden impera- tive desire to get rid of his hateful presence.  "What's the hurry?" He pounded up beside her, and reaching over, put a possessive hand on her arm. "It's a crime to go rushing through a moon- light night at this pace! Slow down and I'll promise not to tell you any more sordid stories."  Kay's only answer was to shake her arm free and urge Flicker on to greater speed. An ugly look settled on Josh Hastings' face as he was forced by her action to follow suit. Flicker was a faster horse than his, and he had no more time for talking, if he was going to keep up.  Already, he was losing ground a bit, and as Kay glanced over her shoulder and saw him falling behind, a reckless spirit of mischief overcame her pru- dence. She knew it was a silly thing to rouse his temper, but she couldn't resist the temptation to pay him back for telling her that story about Ted.  Realizing perfectly that nothing was more galling to a man's pride than to be left behind by a girl, she deliber- ately pushed Flicker to the limit and streaked ahead of him.  She had arrived at the corral, turned Flicker loose, and was just starting back to her cabin when Hastings came pounding up. He pulled up so sharply that his horse slipped to its haunches and almost went down. The next in- stant he was off, and before Kay could guess his intention, he seized her in his arms and pressed his lips savagely to hers.  "That'll teach you not to play mon-