Wyoming Señorita By Marie de Nervaud     THE STORY SO FAR: DOLORES DE RIO ALCADERO DEL REY, with her maid, MARIA, has come from southern California to stay with her uncle.  BILL GRANBY, crippled but mentally vigorous owner of the Double Bar X in Wyoming. She straightway meets and likes  ROY PELGREN, owner of the neighbor- ing Lazy Nine. Roy has been depressed be- cause color blindness has barred him from the air corps and because his girl, BESS HUGGINS, jilted him for a lieutenant; but knowing Dolores sends his spirits soaring.  All is not well on Wyoming range. A sabotage ring is systematically destroying cattle. Bill Granby is bemoaning his help- lessness when his son, JERRY, who is on the wild side, comes home drunk and an- nounces that PIKE, the foreman, is also drunk--in the Howling Coyote Saloon in Hurricane Gap.  Unknown to her uncle Dolores starts for Hurricane Gap after Pike. On route she eludes three men whom she overhears plot- ting against the Double Bar X. Sending Pike off to the range, she then heads for the sheriff's office to report what she had heard, but is interrupted by  ART SAMPSON, the town banker, with, of all people,    DIEGO ORIETRA, her fiancé from Span- ish California. Diego locks her up in a hotel room and plans to force her to accompany him home, but Dolores escapes and again listens in on a conversation--this one be- tween the men she met on the range and Art Sampson. She realizes they are all in the sabotage ring, and so probably is Diego. She hurries to the sheriff's office, but before she can tell her story to the deputy there, a local tough barges in. He kills the deputy, steals papers which are evidence against the ring, knocks Dolores out and so arranges things that the signs will point to her as the murderer.  Roy learns that Dolores is absent from the ranch and rushes to town after her. He finds her in the jail, just coming to. Roy and  SHERIFF TOM CRAWFORD listen to her story and, fantastic as it sounds, even the sheriff believes her. Yet he knows he hasn't enough evidence to arrest Sampson, so he, Dolores and Roy rig up a scheme to learn more from the banker.  Sampson is persuaded to drive Dolores home to her uncle's ranch, and on the way she cleverly allays any suspicion he might have that she has linked him to the plotters she met on the range. They are interrupted by Bess Huggins, now a widow and after Roy again, telling Dolores to keep away from her man. After Bess tears on, Samp-  116