100 RANCH ROMANCES    son, one of the Circle Four men fired. Hot lead tore through Jerry's shoul- der. In self-protection he closed with Dawson, attacking savagely, bearing him to the ground. Dawson yelled to his comrades and they ran toward the fighting men.  Jerry heard the roar of sixguns and then, with a feeling of relief, Slim Purdue's steady voice.  "Stand back, you jaspers!" said Slim.  Amid the deafening roar, as he fought with Dawson, Jerry heard the crack of a rifle. Then he saw that Dawson had recovered his own gun and was bringing it down toward his head. He swung aside, wrenching his wounded shoulder, and with a pain- stiffened finger pulled the trigger of his forty-four. Dawson's gun crashed against his skull and a great weight descended upon him.  That was all Jerry knew until he felt gentle arms encircling his neck and felt hot tears upon his cheek. Then he heard Slim Purdue's voice.  "I reckon he's comin' to. He sure finished Dawson or Dawes, or what- ever his name was. An' them others-- say, when you opened up with the rifle, they must 'a' thought a hull army had dropped down on 'em! Only you shouldn't 'a' come here, ma'am--it was plumb crazy!"     Jerry heard a choked sob and softly spoken words.  "I came to spy on him, thinking he had sold out to Dawson; I didn't trust him. I might have known--I did know that he was honest and square, but I let Stan Vail--"  "Vail!" said Slim disgustedly. "You can't believe him on a stack of Bibles!"  Jerry wanted to tell Anne not to cry, but it was some time before his brain cleared and he could sit up. He found Anne beside him and he patted her arm.  She said something about forgive- ness and he smiled at her. He saw her own radiant smile, and he sighed. Her tear-wet cheek was against his and she kissed him.  "Heck!" observed Slim. "We oughta be ridin' home."  Slim rode on ahead and reported to Jim Custer the details of what had hap- pened.  "Yeah," he. concluded, "an' you're goin' to get a son-in-law out of this deal."  "Not Stan Vail?"  Slim waved his hand disdainfully. "Him? Lord, no! This surveyor- deputy! They plumb forgot I was with 'em, billin' an' cooin' like they'd discovered a new world."  And they had.