SKYLINE TRAIL 113    reached Mule River, a shallow sluggish stream winding between steep sand- stone bluffs. Beyond lay the San Simeon badlands, mysterious, sinister. Mile on mile they stretched, disappear- ing in distance. Snide Felton's face wore a satisfied grin. Holed up in those hazy canyons, he could take his time about disposing of the albino. As for the girl, well, Jud needed a wife.  As the wagon moved down a steep cut to the ford, something in Fran seemed to wither and die. Paddy and Sheriff Bronson had failed her! But that which hurt most was Boyd. She'd been so sure, so certain he'd come when she needed him! In that moment all life seemed as ugly as those bleak ravines beyond Mule River's murky waters.  Jud Felton spurred up beside the wagon. "Nice place over there to honeymoon," he leered. "Nice and--"  He didn't finish for suddenly a voice cracked through the midday quiet. "Lift 'em, you scum! You're covered!"  Fran's agonized gaze jerked upward. There on the bluff above the ford stood two grim figures. Paddy McGrew and Boyd Hanley! Jud Felton went for his gun. But in that moment Boyd's forty- five spat fire. Jud slumped from his saddle even as Snide's and old Tanya's hands lifted. And then Boyd was leap- ing down the bluff, disarming and ty- ing the Feltons, while Paddy kept them covered from above.  "Fran!"  Boyd, there at the wagon wheel, reaching up. And then suddenly Fran was in his arms, her slender body shaken by sobs. Boyd carried her down to the water's edge and gently bathed her flushed tear-wet face.  "You're all right, dear? They didn't hurt you?"  "No, no," choked the girl. "Oh Boyd. I thought. . . ."  "That I didn't see you yesterday noon and last night?"  ‘‘You--you didn't dip your wings."  "I was afraid to signal and maybe warn those varmints. Better to take     'em by surprise." Boyd smoothed back Fran's red-gold curls tenderly. "You see, after I kidnaped Paddy. . . ."  "Paddy!"  "Yeah," chuckled Boyd softly. "Old Paddy got the idea it was me who'd conked him there by the Lazy Q wa- tering trough. He even had Sheriff Bronson primed to nail me when I landed. But when he said you'd gone out on White Arrow's trail, I knew there wasn't any time to waste in jail, tryin' to convince 'em of my inno- cence."  "But Paddy!" exclaimed Fran. "Whatever made him--"  "He found those little silver wings of mine there by the watering trough. But when I got him up in the air, I talked some sense into him. I'd lost those wings in the carnival tent, when I took in that show night before last. Reckon Snide Felton found 'em."  "And planted them there by the trough!"  "He probably figured on killin' two birds with one stone," surmised Boyd. "You see, Felton had tried to talk me into joinin' his show, do stunt flyin'. But after I met you that day in the valley, I didn't want to leave the range till I knew if--if I had a chance."  "A--a chance, Boyd?" whispered Fran breathlessly.  "To sign you on as co-pilot . . . for life, sweetheart."  Fran's misty eyes and trembling up- turned lips were Boyd's answer, an answer that was rudely interrupted by Paddy McGrew.  "Hi, Boyd! Here comes Sheriff Bronson, straight on the course you laid him. Reckon we can turn this out- fit over to him now."  "Good!" Boyd answered. Then to Fran: "That leaves you and me free to take the skyline trail home, sweetheart. My plane's in a little flat downstream. Will you sign on?"  "Oh, Boyd! Will I?" whispered Fran, once more surrendering soft lips. And this time there was no interrup- tion.