CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 37    and Roane out of their saddles and roll their bodies into the river.  To Roane this affair had more and more of the certain air of an execu- tion. Executions, however, could back- fire. He and Andy still had their six- shooters under their jackets, and Andy Partle was a tough coot who could strike with the speed of a rattler.  FRED TEMPLE  Roane muttered a few words to him as the trail began to narrow, passing into the deep shadow of a cliff wall.  Behind them the four were riding in pairs, smoking, talking. A few yards ahead, huge boulders bordered the trail. Coming to these as the trail curved a little, Roane and Andy swung quickly down, one on each side of the trail. With the move they drew their six-shooters, covering the riders be- hind them. It was simple because the move had been entirely unexpected.  "Lift your blasted paws!" yelled Andy. "Or we'll blow you to pieces." Roane had scrambled to the top of a boulder from which he could see every move the four made. They were caught flat-footed. One man, who had been carrying his rifle over his saddle horn, hesitated, but only a moment, raising his hands with the rest, letting the weapon fall.  While Roane kept them covered,     Andy took their guns, working care- fully at their backs, shucking them of rifles and sixguns and searching them afterward for hidden weapons.  "What we doin' with 'em?" inquired Roane.  "Make 'em jump in the river," snapped Andy Partle promptly. "These birds were sent to kill us. We'll just do the same to them."  "We wasn't sent to kill you," whined one of the four. "Just to see that you went to Hurley."  "Don't lie to us!" growled old Andy. "Tell the truth and we'll give you a chance to live. Lie and we'll dump you outa your saddles."  "We're only doin' what we're ordered," said one of the four. "We draw our pay. They got word in Hur- ley you was spies of the Garys--least- wise that's what Threllen told us."  "And you were to shoot us and throw us in the river?" asked Andy sternly.  "Yeah," admitted the same man. "That was it. There's a big battle com- ing up in these canyons and we couldn't let no spies be in so close to the ranch. Gid Coulter is bringin' out more men tonight and him and Threllen is startin' a big gun cleanup of this country tomorrow.  "Coulter sent out word about us?" asked Roane.  "Yeah. That you wasn't horse buyers. He telegraphed out about you and found you didn't have ten thousand dollars to buy horses with like you claimed."  "He's a smart bird, that Coulter," admitted Andy. "And now what to do with these buzzards?"  Roane glanced at a log on the river bank, a big cottonwood that had been grounded there by a flood. "That would make a good boat for these birds," he suggested. "We'll take off their boots so they won't walk back and let 'em float down the river."  "Puttin' us into the river on that log!" protested one immediately. "It's plain murder. There's rapids below."  "In that case you can beach the