62 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN   He headed westward for a short distance, then cut north into New Mexico. There he got a job on a ranch near a little town called Sabado and, mixing an expert knowl- edge of cattle with a deal of hard work, soon established himself in the confidence of the owner.  His rapid advancement invoked some jealousy on the part of his fellow cowboys, but in keeping with his resolve Kent did not permit this to ruffle him. His failure to resent covert insults invited plainer ones, and at times the fight to keep his temper was a hard one. Particularly was this so in the case of the foreman, a big, hard, capable man named Wentworth, who recognized in Kent's ability a threat to his own job. He rode Bradford unmercifully and assigned to him all the disagreeable tasks which had to be done. Kent's slightest mistakes were brought to the attention of the boss, and when Wentworth ran out of complaints he invented them.  The crisis came at last, as Kent knew it must sooner or later. A piece of quick- sand had been fenced off and it was Kent's duty to see that this wire remained in good repair. One noon he returned from Sabado with a wagonload of supplies to find the boss wrathfully waiting for him. During the night a section of the fence had been trampled down and two of the outfit's prize bulls had become mired. A rider had found them that morning and had man- aged to drag one out, but the other was so firmly mired that it had had to be destroyed.  Kent listened tight-lipped while the Old Man bawled him out for not taking better care of the fence, then got his horse and rode to the place. New wire had been strung, but he saw that the break had oc- curred at a point which he had inspected the evening before and had found in good condition. He returned to the home ranch and went to the scrap pile, where he found the wire which had been replaced. It had been cut with pliers, not broken. Angry to the core, he strode into the mess shack and directly to Wentworth.  "Reckon you know that wire was cut," he said tightly.  "You're crazy!" Wentworth told him.  "If you inspected it when the line rider told you it was down, you'd have seen it     was cut. If you didn't, you're a hell of a foreman."  Wentworth pushed back his chair and got to his feet. "You tellin' me I don't know my business?"  "Your business is to get rid of me," Kent told him quietly, "and I'd say you know that too danged well. Wentworth, I'm sayin' you cut that wire yourself."  "Why, you damned meddlin' pilgrim!" exploded Wentworth, and swung a fist which, if it had landed, must have knocked Kent through the wall.  It didn't land. Kent, anticipating it, sidestepped and threw a right of his own which caught the foreman squarely on the chin and knocked him over his chair. As he went down, his hand found the gun which had been hanging in its belt on the back of the chair.  "Don't try it!" warned Kent sharply, but Wentworth was beyond reasoning. Not only had he been exposed before the crew, but also he had been humiliated by a man who heretofore had been the object of their scorn. To give him his due, he had no intention of shooting Kent. A shot close to the latter's head should be sufficient to cow that brash young man. But Kent did not know this and as Wentworth jerked up the gun his own right hand crossed his body in that magically swift draw which these men had never seen before.  Some of them declared afterwards that they didn't see it even then. One moment Kent stood erect and poised, his hands at his sides, and the next a gun was spitting flame and lead. Wentworth dropped his gun with an involuntary cry of surprise and pain and reached over to grip his dan- gling, mutilated wrist with his free hand. And before he had completed the action, Kent's gun was back in its holster.  "Wentworth," he said coldly, "you're a fool. I don't want your job and never did. As for the rest of you--" he turned to sur- vey them-- "you're almost as foolish as he is. You might have known that when a fellow swallows the stuff you've been hand- in' out it's because he's got a good reason for it. Now if any of you feel like takin' this up where Wentworth left off--with fists or guns or tiddleywinks--I'll be around this place for ten more minutes."