82 RANCH ROMANCES    eyes a corn-flower blue darkening to violet in moments of abstraction. There was a redeeming feminine inconsis- tency in her apparel too, in the silver chain of a locket at her bared throat.  "Yes, it's his way," she repeated as she smiled frankly. "Me, I'm schooled to it. If Daddy didn't buck and fight leather once in a while, I'd figure his health was failing."  True, Jack Williams considered. But there weren't so many girls who didn't feel bound to try and reform a man. Sally, here, was a wonder about that. When her father felt like a bust--well, he had one.  It was unusual for a girl even to enter Blue Bart's Bodega, the popular resort of this cowtown. But Sally Everly went where she pleased. If her father happened to be in the Bodega when she wanted to speak to him, in she went after him. Although when old Henry Everly "rolled his tail" she gen- erally let him run, now, however, she stood poised in the doorway with her father's foreman and surveyed her rowdy sire appraisingly.  Mr. Everly, spending his money, held down the end of the bar. Blue Bart, the purple-jawed proprietor, was busily serving the cattle king and his dozen friends. Song was in the air.  "An' the skies are not cloudy all day," chirped Willie the Wrangler.  "An' the deer and the cantaloup play," chanted Judge Rumble. And be- gan again in a booming basso: "Home, home on the range. . .  "That's what the tea kettle said," agreed Mr. Everly. "An' another li'l drink won't do us any harm. Set 'em up in the other alley, Bart. A flock o' the same!"  "Comin' up, Mister Everly," grinned the proprietor, at the same time slant- ing a fishy eye at Sally, who had ar- rived at her father's elbow. Any other dame he would have chased out. Ladies and liquor don't mix so well, it was Blue Bart's solid conviction. But old Everly's daughter--well, let her own pa handle her.     "No, I'm not a-comin' home honey," the stockman took the defensive. "I ain't boiled, nor even simmerin'; jest havin' a time with the boys."  "Oh, that's all right with me," Sally humored the old reprobate. "Only listen, Dad--" and she whispered in his ear.  "Well, I reckon I can fend fer my- self!"  "Maybe so; but give it to me." She was smiling, but there was plenty of resolution in her eye.  And from the watch pocket of his trousers Henry Everly reluctantly drew a tiny slip of paper.  Guardedly Sally examined this; there were scrawled numbers on it. Then she quickly snapped this scrap of paper into the locket on the end of her silver chain. "Check, Dad," she said, affectionately patting his shoulder. "I'm hitting out for home now, and in the morning I'll have a nice bromo- seltzer for your breakfast."  TOGETHER, under the stars, the girl and the Rail Fence foreman rode on homeward. They spoke little, but each one knew what the other was thinking.  Unlike a good many waddies, Jack Williams had no false assurance as to his own abilities. He was entirely fear- less; he could handle men--and horses. He was gay, courageous, popular, very easy-going. But that was the trouble.  "If you'd only not be so nice--so --damned nice!" That's what Sally had said to him, exasperated, only this afternoon. She had learned that Jack had been up since dawn, combing the high pasture for a single, measly mav- erick--a hand's work, not a foreman's. "Everybody puts things off on you. How do you ever expect to run a spread of your own?"  "For who?" His knee touched hers, as they were riding in.  "You know, Jack."  "Aw, honey." He had grabbed her hand, and she had let him hold it a moment.