MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 73    from her hands just as she tried to grasp it.  Her father straightened and his face chilled. "We've met Mr. Knox. Good day." And taking Faith's arm, he start- ed hurriedly down the steps.  "Wait a minute, ma'am." Ransome's voice was low and his hand lifted, as if to touch her. It dropped at once, but she remembered that too. Remembered the shape and strength of his lifted hand. "Maybe you'd better tell me how Tom Knox stands with you. I'd guess you don't care much for him."  Faith did not want to meet his eyes, but her glance, lifting against her will, was caught by his; caught in a com- mand which was like hands holding her.  Her father said: "We know very lit- tle of him and couldn't tell you any- thing important. Good day, young man."  Ransome stepped back so that they could pass, but Faith knew that his gaze was following her and at the bottom of the steps, she glanced back. He was standing motionless, looking after them, and his eyes were like new-mint- ed coins.  Anthony Byers murmured: "I'm sor- ry he's one of Knox's pals. We'll for- get about it."  "Yes." But she was wondering at her feeling of loss. That man, Pat Ran- some, had been like an answer for which she was waiting.  II  ALL of the Territory knew about Knox, who had fought his way up through dishonest petty politics to ruthless power. He had been involved in every kind of land and mining graft. And when accused, laughingly admit- ted the facts, insisting that everyone in the country was trying to do the same thing. So strongly entrenched that not even an open admission of guilt could harm him, he controlled the local government by filling every pub- lic office with his hirelings. He re-     ceived revenue from every bar, gam- bling hall and dive in Lawrence.  "Still," the girl said suddenly, "If Ransome's a stranger here--"  The roar of a gun cut through her words, and even as she whirled, people were running for cover. The gun barked again and the street was empty --except for Pat Ransome. His wea- pons had flipped, in that swift, deadly dance, into his hands, and there was a dark blotch on the sleeve of his shirt. He had been shot.  Blood dripped from his hand, but he was facing a side street which met the main thoroughfare directly in front of the saloon, and his guns were leveling, carefully. Faith saw the other man, then. He was clinging to the shelter of a wall as he slid away. Both Ransome's weapons spoke and the man went down, still pressing against the brown brick wall.  Ransome waited, erect and motion- less, the last of the sunlight raying over his fair head. And Faith's breath caught in her dry mouth and she told herself: "His eyes look like that again --like the edges of a coin."  He stirred finally and walked toward the mound which had been a man. The movement aroused Anthony Byers from his shock and he ran across the street. Faith followed and when she reached them, her father was kneeling beside the still figure. Ransome was staring down at the dead man and his face was almost calm.  "You've--killed him!" she said, be- cause she had to say something; had to break the terrible stillness.  He looked at her, but his eyes did not see her. "Yeah. He would have killed me if I hadn't."  She was silent and his glance flicked, oddly, over her face. "I'll tell the sher- iff about it," he said. "Sorry you had to be here."  As he turned away, a man with a small bag in his hand crossed the street and said, matter-of-factly, "Better let me look at your arm. Gunshot wounds can cause trouble." It was Mike Har-