98 RANCH ROMANCES    him quickly, going into her father's room, and closed the door. Jerry stared. The friendliness of the day before had vanished.  As he went out on the porch Jerry saw Stan Vail riding down the lane toward the road to Cabazon. He nod- ded to himself. Vail had been talking to Anne about him. He lounged against a porch pillar, staring across at the rolling hills. When this job was done and he had made his report, he'd be riding again into new country. No use staying in one place. But he wouldn't have minded staying at the C Cross.  Presently Anne called to him, say- ing, "Dad would like to see you a moment."  When he went back into the room, the rancher scrutinized him for a long moment. Then he spoke. His friendly, paternal attitude of a few minutes before seemed to have vanished, too.  "I believe in sayin' what's on my mind. We been told, Stone, that Daw- son is boastin' he's bought you up. When I advised you to leave this job undone, my warnin' didn't seem to worry you. Now Dawson claims he's bribed you. Did you meet him today?"  "Yeah."  "Did he bribe you?" Custer leaned forward.  Jerry looked from him to the girl.  "I reckon you'll have to find that out from the messenger boy that brought you this here news," he drawled. "If Dawson did bribe me, I wouldn't be tellin'. If he didn't, an' says he did, it wouldn't do me much good to talk. I'll leave the talkin' to him an' Mister Vail."  He turned toward the door.  "I wouldn't 'a' listened to it," said Jim Custer, half apologetically, "if you hadn't acted so plumb careless about buckin' Dawson."  Jerry grinned.  "Dawson's a kind of bogey man around here," he remarked. "Vail was tellin' me how bad he is, an' you, too. Looks like nobody wants me to survey     that valley. How do I know but what Dawson's bribed Vail?"  "We've known Stan Vail a long time," said Jim Custer.  "An' you don't know me at all," Jerry smiled. "Well, all I'm askin' of you is the help of one man."  He left them, passing Anne with an amused glance; and he knew that they would discuss him after he had gone. Later, at the table and in the big living room, they were hospitable enough, but the friendly warmth of the day before had disappeared. They weren't sure of him, didn't trust him. Well, it couldn't be helped. He went to his room early, after Custer had told him that Slim Purdue would help him the next day. Purdue was one of the oldest men on the ranch, and un- questionably loyal to Custer.  JERRY and Slim left the ranch early and had been at work for several hours when Slim came running down to where Jerry stood.  "They're comin'!" he cried. "Daw- son an' some of his gang! We better duck out o' here."  "Let 'em come," said Jerry.  Slim stared at him, open-mouthed. "Say!" he exclaimed. "When Dawson sees where you're runnin' this line, he'll go loco. I don't aim to get shot up."  "Then jump your horse an' high-tail it for the ranch," advised Jerry.  "Heck, I can't leave you here!" mut- tered Slim. "The boss'd give me hell if I did. Come on!"  Jerry waved his hand and went back to his instrument.  "Say!" exploded Slim. "You don't know this Dawson!"  Jerry grinned. "That's where you're wrong, Slim. I sure do know him." Not knowing what to make of that, Slim stared at Jerry. He scratched his chin, meanwhile glancing up toward the bluff where he had seen Dawson and his riders.  "You're runnin' this line jest where Jim Custer claims it oughta be," he