mail-    AN ENGLISH BOOSTER  Dear Editor: I am not a regular reader of Ranch Romances, but I am always eager to buy one, should there be any in stock at English booksellers. Life is terribly boring in the home town of mine. My only pastimes are reading, dancing, and writing letters. I am eighteen years old, and have blue eyes and light brown hair.  If this letter reaches you, I would be ever so grate- ful if you could place me in your pen pal column. Yours truly, RALPH GILFOYLE.  49 Whiteman St., Swindon, Wiltshire, England.  THINKS R. R. IS KEEN  Dear Editor: I want to congratulate you on that keen magazine, the R. R. It is the best ever.  I am just a seventeen-year-old redhead who hopes to have some pen pals. I promise to answer every letter I receive, and would like to hear especially from cowboys, soldiers and aviators. However, everybody is welcome to write. "TONY."  Mary Wanuk, 567 E. Broadway, Winona, Minn.  A CORNER FOR "BABS"  Dear Editor: Please be so kind as to publish this letter of mine, and perhaps it will bring me some pen pals who would fill my empty mail box.  I am a blonde with blue eyes, a fair complexion, am five feet one inch tall. I'm just a happy-go-lucky girl of nineteen summers.  I promise to answer all mail. Thank you. "BABS."  Barbara Zav, l31 W. 104th Pl, Chicago, Ill.  LET'S GO, HAWAII!  Dear Editor: I am a soldier stationed at Honolulu, six feet in height, brown wavy hair, blue eyes, like dancing and all sports. With plenty of leisure time, I find letter     writing very interesting. I promise to answer all let- ters from everyone.  Ranch Romances is a fine magazine and is very popular in the Islands. Here's hoping my plea for pen pals is published. Sincerely yours, FRANK E. HERRELKO.  Batt. C. 55 C. A., Fort Kamehameha, Honolulu, T. H.  NEWS FROM SCOTLAND  Dear Editor: I've enjoyed reading Ranch Romances, for several years now, and like every story published in your magazine.  My real reason for writing is to see if there are any boys and girls in any part of the world who would care to write to a lighthouse keeper's daughter. I live on the "Bonnie Banks of Clyde," in the Argyllshire Highlands, not very far from Glasgow. I have visited most of the important towns and cities in Scotland, and will be able to tell all about them to anyone interested.  I am still in my teens, five feet seven inches in height, have gray eyes and fair hair. I am a lover of all sports. I think that's all I can tell you about myself just now, but I can write very interesting letters once I get started.  Wishing Ranch Romances the best of success, and eagerly looking forward to seeing this in print, I re- main Yours truly, GAY GORDON.  Toward Point Lighthouse, Via Dunoon, Argyll, Scotland.  AN EQUESTRIENNE  Dear Editor: I'm a regular reader of Ranch Romances. Horses and ranch life are very interesting to me, and I am lonely for lots of pen pals of the horse countries.  I am five feet three inches tall, have red hair and brown eyes. My favorite sport is horseback riding. I will be glad to answer any letter. Sincerely, MARY MEEHAN.  1515 East Garvey St. San Gabriel, Calif.   155