88 RANCH ROMANCES    went rambling about through the ranch house, inspecting the shattered safe, viewing the spot where Everly fell, messing up whatever minute items of evidence there possibly might have been.  Till after dark the posses combed empty draws. But before nine o'clock in the evening the first enthusiasm of the pursuit bogged down. Most of the amateur hunters, hungry and weary, came trailing in on tired horses to the bunkhouse of the Rail Fence. The sheriff, for the tenth time, was trying to draw some definite details from the wounded and dizzied foreman, while the Judge, Blue Bart, Titus, and half a dozen others fidgeted around Jack's bunk.  The hands of the bunkhouse clock stood exactly at right angles to indi- cate nine o'clock when the distant fus- illade opened.  Everyone but the old doctor was im- mediately out and off again. It was a welcome thrill for most of them after so many hours of futile casting about. But old Doc Wren, surgeon through Indian wars, sitting coroner in the wake of many a cowtown fracas, was content to stay at his post and watch his patient's temperature. A mean thing, a fractured skull; may not amount to anything, or may knock a man out as suddenly as a puff of breath snuffs out a candle.  Afar off sounded gunfire in a con- tinual tut-tut-tut-tut, punctuated now and then by the flatter, distinctive note of a long rifle. It was a veritable can- nonade. There could be little doubt that over the buttes and barrancas the boys were harrying the killer gang.  No moon, but a brilliant starlight, would give illumination enough for the battle, as Doc Wren perceived, staring out of the bunkhouse window. "But at that," he cynically observed, "thar'll be more of our own boys nicked than any of the others." Whereupon he moved over to the stove to sterilize some more knives and probes.  Jack, from the bed, spoke lucidly for     the first time. "Good business for yuh tonight, Doc," he said. Then, remem- bering the situation, "Doc, Doc,where's Sally?"  The physician shook his head as he shot an appraising glance at his pa- tient. The flush had seeped from Jack's face; he was, if anything, too pale now. The doctor left his scalpels to boil and went over to take Jack's pulse. "Slow, yeah--but steady."  "Sally? Sally? I remember--she was ridin' just ahead o' me when--"  "When somebody dropped a whole hunk o' hillside right crack on yore conk," agreed Wren inelegantly but accurately. "But don't yuh git all of a whew about Sally Everly. Men! Huh, she can handle 'em, like a good workin' hand handles a bunch o' dogies."  "But what happened to her? Is she out in that?"  Gunfire echoed now more brokenly; and what sporadic shots still detonated seemed actually to be approaching. Now and then, too, down wind, drifted the shrill yip-e-e-e, the cowboy shout of triumph. A distant, vague rever- beration told that a cavalcade was re- turning.  "Sounds like they'd corralled the lot," mused Doc Wren. "That sheriff, fer all he's thicker than a stout cedar post, ain't one to drop his hand till he's played it to the limit. Sure enough, here they come. And," he stared through the window, "bringin' home the bacon."  "With Sally?"  "Tut, tut, is that nice?" the tough old codger jollied. "Dead hawgs make bacon," he supplemented cynically.  There was no necessity to explain this very gruesome jest. Several of the Sump Flats boys were riding double, with led horse which carried things which were not--well--riders.  One Rail Fence hand and one deputy sheriff had been sadly brought home to die; but the bodies of the four strang- ers which were carried in to be laid on the bunkhouse floor were far past Doc