MISDEAL 31    figures in the distance might be a man on horseback or not.  It frightened her and almost made her turn back to think that she might be leading the killer straight to Clark Bowles. But Clark was wounded. Badly, she thought. He'd need food and medicine and somebody to look after him. And if he should die off here by himself nobody might ever know who had killed Billy Gamel, who had bribed Clark to change the school lands bill, or who had fired the shot at him out of the darkness tonight.  She glanced worriedly at the moon. In another hour it would be dawn, and then it would be still another hour until daylight. She kicked her horse into a lope. She could never find the right place without moon- light, and she didn't want to give Clark away by stopping at any of these other houses to ask.  Then suddenly as she rounded a little knoll she saw the flat-topped adobe hut nestled in a little hollow, closer to the river than any of the other farm houses had been. As she crossed the yard and her horse's hoofs kicked up bits of driftwood and flood- water rubble, she knew why the house had been abandoned.  A saddled horse, left in the yard with his reins dragging, nickered to her anxiously.  She sat for a moment, looking about her warily before she dismounted. At the top of the gradual rise of the river bank beyond the house she could see the faint shadows of several white-faced cattle. They seemed to be grazing undisturbed. Otherwise there was no movement anywhere.  She slipped off her horse by the front door. It was open, but for a moment her eyes, accustomed to the moonlight outside, could see nothing but blackness through the doorway.  "Clark!" she called softly.  There was no answer. Only a rustling sound that might have been a rat, or the stirring of a body.  She thought again then, for a moment, that she heard the distant sound of horse's steps approaching, but when she turned her head and listened, she decided it was only the heavy pounding of her own heart.  She flicked on her flashlight, splayed a stream of light through the doorway, then     circled it around the room. She held it a moment on the tumbled heap of clothes, blankets and corn shucks that had been serving as a bed, saw that he was not there, then brought the light on around.  He was lying on the bare floor, close to the wall just to the side of the door, not a yard from where the girl stood. Appar- ently he had fallen there and been too weak or too sick to crawl over to the bed.  His eyes were open, following the light with a wild, frightened, sick look in them.  LUCKY JIM  He suddenly flung an arm up over his eyes, and groaned. "Oh, God ! Don't--"  "Clark!" the girl said softly. "Don't be afraid. It's Lucy."  He slid the arm warily half off his eyes as if he couldn't believe her. "Lucy?"  "Yes. I've brought you some food and medicine. I'll stay with you and take care of you until you're able to ride again."  "I didn't think you'd come. I didn't think you cared enough--any more." She knelt beside him and he reached out and caught her hand. "I was laying here thinking I was going to die. And I was lonesome-- and afraid. I'm glad you came, Lucy."  At the lost, forlorn tone in his voice Lucy wanted to put her head down and cry. Cry for the far-away days when this boy had been all the world to her. Now she had grown up and away from him and he was still a wilful little boy, sick and lost and afraid.  She rubbed cool fingers gently over his