LOVE IS THE LOOT 91    "Well, let's see if you get it. Old Moc- casin never had much money, but what he got, he got honestly. And some of that he spent helpin' to send me and my brother here to school. We happen to know he's honest--which proves that you're a crook, Mr. Clark, or Moccasin wouldn't be in jail."  As the Mayland brothers rode off to- ward town, Turk Powell growled, "He'll pay me for that buckin' horse!"  "Why did you let that seventeen- year-old boy tackle such a killer as that horse?" Eileen demanded. "I don't think it was a very sporting thing to do, Turk. But perhaps you're not quite yourself tonight. I don't know whether Dave Mayland's fists have made you a little groggy, or whether--"  "Do you s'pose Turk would've paid fifty dollars for that roan if he knowed he was a killer?" inquired Shorty Tal- bott.  "Don't try to defnd a whisky-drink- in' tramp like me, Shorty." said Turk. "Of course I wanted to see that kid killed. Tromped to death by a killer's hoofs. If there's anything I like bet- ter'n the sight of whiskey, it's blood!" He turned toward the barn and said, "I'll hook up a team, Frosty, and drag this roan carcass out in the hills. That is, if your niece can trust me with a team."  "What's she got to do with it?" Frosty Clark, irked, looked hard at his niece who suddenly felt ashamed. She wished, now, she'd remained at the house. "First thing in the morning, Turk, you and Shorty move that bunch of steers down here from the upper pasture. The cattle buyer'll be out here pretty early tomorrow."  Eileen went to the house and to her room. Later she heard the creak of the wagon Turk was driving; heard the rattle of a log chain, and knew a roan outlaw was making his final trip into the sage-covered hills swathed in the haze of the starlight.  She went to bed, but couldn't sleep. She kept seeing two men locked in battle. Turk Powell, husky and hand-     some, fighting for all he was worth.... Dave Mayland, lean, fierce, cool, taking punishment and giving it. Somehow Eileen felt that, had there been ten Turks to battle, Dave Mayland would have waded into them. This tough, blond-haired man was made of steel. He might be whipped, might be killed, but never scared. And, although the girl dreaded the dark shadows of trou- ble she could see on the horizons of Rim Valley, she was glad that Moc- casin Shaw's little place was being guarded by such a man as Dave May- land.  BY MID-MORNING the following day, the cattle buyer and his hired man were driv- ing a bunch of young steers toward Tall Tree. And Frosty Clark was putting in a heavy envelope fifteen hundred dollars in cash. He would have to go to town, he told Eileen, and deposit the money. If she'd like to come along.  "Maybe I will," she answered, "and stay there two or three days. I'd like to make some inquiries about a teach- ing job."  "You'd prefer that to living here?" asked her uncle, and sounded disap- pointed. "I'd hoped you'd like it here, Eileen. But I guess it's just as lone- some for you as it was for me before you came. I--I kinda thought that you and one of the hardest-workin', hand- somest punchers I've ever seen would hit it off better'n you do."  She flushed. "I'd never suspect you of taking time out from your business to become a matchmaker, Uncle Frosty. Mother used to tell me that's why you'd never married."  "I guess I shouldn't blurt things out the way I do," he answered. "Turk seemed to think he'd be inheritin' some money one of these days, that he might buy an interest in the outfit here. I just thought that--well--"  "I see. He'll be more than just a cow- puncher some day. I'm glad to hear it,