8 ELSA BARKER    the trigger. As the rope jerked him down, his forehead hit a rock and the world went black.  Ford Harrell groaned and sat up slowly. Gene Chipman jumped down out of the buggy and ran to his side.  "Hurt bad, Ford?"  The old cowman's lips were twisted back from his teeth with the effort not to groan again. He shook his head dazedly.  "I reckon not," he managed to say slow- ly. "Feels like my ribs. Where's Walt?"  "Lying over there. Looks like he might be dead."  "We better see."  He rolled to his knees, then with the banker's help got painfully to his feet.  Together they turned the cowboy over on his back. There was an ugly, bleeding bruise on his forehead, and one arm was twisted at a grotesque angle away from his body. Ford Harrell stooped to lay an ear against his chest.  "Heart's still beating. Good thing we got a buggy here. It ain't very easy on a hurt man to pack him in on a horse." He rubbed his hand slowly over his own fore- head as if still dazed from pain. "You reck- on you can catch my gray for me, Gene?"  The banker gave him a funny look. He pulled a pint flask of whiskey from his hip pocket.  "Take a swig of this," he said quietly. "Then turn around and look."  Harrell looked before he took the drink. Twenty feet away lay the huge motionless hulk of the shot bull. Still quivering with fright, a horn rake dripping blood from his shoulder, the gray still held the rope to the bull's head taut.  Pride came into Ford Harrell's gray eyes.  "Damn good horse!" he said, and tipped the bottle to his lips.  Walt Carmack was a big man, six foot one in his stocking feet, big-boned and heavy-muscled. Lifting his inert weight into the buggy was no easy chore, with Ford Harrell panting with pain at every movement. But finally it was done. Chip- man looked at the foreman's gray, drawn face.  "You ride in the buggy," he offered, "and I'll bring the gray."     Ford Harrell shook his head slowly.  "Lucky Jim would think I was gettin' old and soft," he said, trying to joke. "I've ridden a horse when I was hurt a heap worse'n this."  Chipman brought a coin out of his shirt pocket.  "Look," he said softly, his black eyes sober. "I don't like to tell tales out of school --but--I found this in the grass over there where Walt fell. Maybe you ought to see it."  Harrell took the coin and turned it over in his hand. It was like an ordinary nickel, except there was an Indian head on both sides. Slowly the old foreman's gnarled knuckles clenched tight around it, and for a moment as he looked up at the uncon- scious cowboy in the buggy, his eyes were murderous. But when he turned again to the banker he was the cold-eyed, hard- tongued foreman who kept punchers on the Lucky Diamond strictly in line.  "Thanks, Gene. I'll settle with Walt for this later. You forget it!"  CHAPTER II  LUCY McADAMS stood by the front win- dow in Foreman Har- rell's little stone cot- tage and watched a couple of buggies and a surrey roll up and unload a bevy of party- dressed men and women in front of the big main house across the yard. A half-dozen saddled horses were already tied to the hitch-rail in front, their riders heel-squat- ted, chatting in a circle. Lights began to blink on all over the big house, and Lucy could hear the occasional scrape of a violin string as a fiddler tuned up.  Nothing that the woman in the employ- ment agency in Indianapolis had said, and certainly nothing she had ever read about the West had prepared Lucy for the Lucky Diamond Ranch.  A door opened behind her and with a swish of long silken skirts another girl came into the room. Millie Harrell was a tall, fair-haired girl, big-boned and a little angu- lar, but still good looking in spite of the wind-roughened brown of her face and