CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 19    reach the spot without dismounting; no man afoot could see it without a close search. A few poles and a tarpaulin would make a snug shelter against wind and rain. After he had the shelter pre- pared, he brought up Dan Carvel's bed- roll and a jug of water. Placing the blankets on a bed made of pine needles, he stretched the tarp for a door.  After that he and Jean Carvel put Gary on a stretcher again and trans- ferred him to the shelter. She was to stay with the wounded man during the night. She could, as Roane pointed out, go to and from the wagon along a rocky path without leaving tracks--although the rain, now slogging down steadily, would take care of that.  Back in the camp Roane saddled one of the camp horses, lengthening the stirrups on Jean's saddle. The wagon road leading to the Gary ranches in Dawn Canyon would be difficult to fol- low in the rain, but he was used to traveling strange country at night.  "I think Tom Gary is in love with Linda Stevens," Jean said, as they drank coffee from a fresh pot she had prepared. "He keeps saying her name. If it came to the worst, she'd help him."  "Maybe she's not in love with him," said Roane. "And she might turn him over to her relatives instead."  "No," said Jean Carvel firmly, "she's not that kind. I saw her. She seemed to be so unhappy herself that she'd hate to make anyone else unhappy. She's sick--I don't mean with a disease. Just sick inside. Unhappy. And I think that she's unhappy because she and this Gary are in love and their families are fighting."  Roane grinned. "Just like a girl to think that," he remarked. "You've been reading a lot of romances. No use to fill your mind with that stuff now. Time for that later."  "Yes?" she scoffed. "How old do you think I am, anyway?"  He looked at her suddenly and frowned. "Older I guess-than I thought at first," he admitted. "But I don't imagine you're married, are you?"     "No," she said and chuckled. "Of course not. Not for a long time yet."  "Fine," he said and laughed also. "I'm in no hurry to get married my- self. Always figured thirty would be about the right age for me, if I could find a girl to have me by then. Maybe you'd consider waiting that long."  "I thought I'd wait until I was at least thirty-five," she told him.  "Better yet!" he said approvingly. "That would let me put off marrying until I'm about forty. It's a deal: When you're thirty-five I'll be waiting." Then he sobered abruptly. "I hate to leave you here. You won't get scared? I'll be back as soon as I can. I'd leave my dog Savvy, but if anyone saw him here, it would be a dead give-away that I'd been in your camp. I think I'll send him back to my partner with a note for him to move on to the Cross Seven, that I won't be back. I've trained Savvy to go back to the last camp."  "A smart dog. Takes after his own- er, no doubt," Jean added slyly. "I'll get you some paper to write that note on, and some oil cloth to wrap it in so it will stay dry."  Drinking his coffee, Roane Brandon looked with appreciative eyes at the girl as she climbed briskly into the wagon. A lot of chance any man would have to marry that girl if he waited, he reflected. She'd have dozens of chances to marry. The only way to get her would be to sweep her off her feet and rush her to a preacher quick.  CHAPTER IV Death at the Wagon  THE storm as it moved over the canyons brought with it frequent flashes of lightning. Aided by them, Roane traveled steadily along the road to the across a rolling pine- covered mesa to drop into another of the seven sister canyons of the Night River. Climbing out of this, the road