PHANTOM GUNMAN 103    ing, "The rotten killers, I'll show them!" He spun the cylinders of his two guns and ran to his horse.  "What yuh goin' to do, Jim?"  "I'm goin' to Sterling and tear it apart till I get the truth!" shouted Jim. "Then I'll smoke down those killers one by one! Dad! I'll get them for yuh!"  "Wait!" cried the nester. "Go slow! Even the sheriff's with them. Yuh can't go alone against 'em all! They'll kill yuh before yuh start! Wait!" But Jim was already racing north, his dark eyes blazing and his face a granite mask.  A wisp of a moon rose above the horizon as he rode madly on. As the trail swung to the right to follow a canyon rim, four men rose from cover with levelled guns, and fired.  A shot grazed Jim's bronc, and the animal swerved off the trail toward the precipice. A huge man was draw- ing a bead on Jim's heart. Jim spurred and swung the bronc with all his force; the beast reared wildly on its hind legs at the very canyon edge, and stopped the bullet meant for the rider.  The stricken horse screamed and tottered on the brink. Jim flung him- self clear of the saddle, but the leap landed him on the treacherous rock of the canyon rim. The huge man came up for another shot, and Jim recognized him. "Lucas!" cried Jim. "Yuh rat, I'll get yuh!" He reached for his gun; then the crumbled rock under his feet gave way, even as his bronc collapsed a few feet away.  Man and horse, fell into the black depths of the canyon at the same in- stant. Seconds later there was a series of thuds, as of bodies ricocheting down the rocks--then a splash, and silence.  Lucas grinned. "Let's go to town," was all he said.  The next day they found the bronc and Jim's gun at the spot where he had been ambushed and his hat a mile down the river. Of the body there     was no trace. "He must of washed on downstream further," they agreed.  Returning to town, Lucas exhibited the hat and gun, and announced that Jim Cranford had been shot resisting arrest. A shudder of despair went over Sterling County. Cranford was gone! What hope was left now?  GRACE LEE went about dressed in black now, but somehow she could not fully believe that Jim Cran- ford was dead. Jim had loved her and she loved him; there would never be anyone else. "Wait for me, Grace," he had said, and she was still waiting. She could not accept the grim facts, could not tear the hope out of her heart.  Sid Lucas joined her one day as she was walking down the street.  "Hello," she said. She hated the man. When Jim was home Lucas had never dared speak to her, had merely followed her hungrily with his eyes. Now, however, he was smirking, bold, half possessive. But she did not dare turn him away for her father's sake. Old Lee had quavered. "Better be civil to Lucas, Grace. He's threatened me. We've got to be on the good side of him."  Lucas was explaining that his men, watching for a bandit, had shot Cran- ford in the darkness by mistake. "I hope yuh don't hold it against me," he added. "We oughta be good friends. I'm a good friend to have, and a bad enemy, Grace." He grasped her arm possessively. "I'll be seein' yuh to- night?"  Her heart felt like lead. "I suppose so," she said dully.  Many strangers, mostly crooks and badmen, flocked into Sterling in the following months. There was Scar Norwalk, a rustler from the White Mountains, who came with several friends. Things had become too hot for him in his old haunts, so he fled to Sterling for refuge, saw that the pickings were good here, and decided to locate.