HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 37   She was astounded at the success of her effort. Colinga went down like a pole-axed bull. And to Loma's further amazement, Eagle Sanderson stirred and crawled slowly to his feet, where he stood swaying.  Loma ran back to the buckskin, swung into the saddle, and raced up. Eagle Sanderson watched her come, his grim face set in a mask of pain. His left arm hung queerly limp and there was a red stain, spreading on his shirt, over his left shoulder.  Loma set Buck to a rearing halt, slid to the ground and ran up to the old ranchman. "Mr. Sanderson," she cried. "Thank God! He--he didn't kill you after all."  Despite his weakness and pain, Eagle Sanderson smiled grimly. "No, lass," he growled. "Thanks to you, he didn't. I've got a lot to apologize to yuh for. Yo're true blue--an' a grand young- ster."  Loma colored at his praise. She got a canteen from her saddle and stepped close to him. "Sit down," she ordered. "That shoulder needs some emergency work. When I get a bandage on it I'll get you home."  "Let that wait," said the grim old fel- low. "First, I'm gonna take a look to make shore that buzzard of a Colinga is safe. He's either daid as a mackerel or jest creased. Yuh shot a little high. I could see where the bullet cut dust out beyond him. Loan me yore shoul- der."  Loma did better than that. She lifted his sound arm about her neck, encircled his torso with her own left arm and put all of her lithe, splendid young strength in supporting the ranchman as he stumbled slowly forward to where Co- linga lay.  "Thought so," grunted Eagle. "He ain't daid. Yuh creased him over the ear. Lucky we looked at him. He'll come outa this in a hurry. Go get my rope."  Loma, thankful in her heart that she had not killed the renegade, sped away and soon returned with Eagle's riata.     "Tie him up," came the order. "I'll show yuh how."  Colinga's wound was little more than a burn above his left ear, but there had been enough shock to the bullet to knock him out momentarily. Already he was beginning to stir slightly. But Loma, under advice from Eagle Sanderson, worked with expert speed. Half hitches were thrown and drawn tight. And when Colinga's reptilian eyes flickered and opened, and he made his first effort towards freedom, Loma saw that her work was good. The murderous killer was trussed securely.  Colinga began to curse. Sanderson turned away. "Come, lass, we'll be goin' now. I'll send some of the boys up after him."  Back at the horses, Loma insisted on bathing and bandaging the ranchman's shoulder. Her own silk neckerchief formed the bandage. Then she helped him into his saddle and rode close be- side him, ready to give him the support of her arm again, if it were needed.  Grim old wolf that he was, Eagle Sanderson stuck it out until the Quar- ter Circle S was reached. But here, Sleepy Burch hurried out just in time to catch his boss as the old fellow fainted.  Sleepy's wild yell brought three other riders. "Get him to bed," ordered Loma. "It's serious, but hardly fatal. The bul- let went completely through. He's lost quite a bit of blood, though."  When their boss was safely between blankets, the riders turned on Loma as one man. "Who did it--an' how?" de- manded Sleepy.  "Joe Colinga," answered Loma. She went on to give a brief description of what had happened. "Colinga should still be there," she ended. "Mr. Sander- son said he would send you boys after him. While you're about it you'd bet- ter have someone go to town for a doc- tor. I'll stay and do what I can."  "We'll get the doc," promised Sleepy, with a meaning glance at the other riders. "An' we'll get Colinga, too. C'mon, gang."