EIGHT SPOT 83   So now the ride back home was just another installment of this continued love story. It took a man, a hard, smart, sagacious man, to run an enor- mous ranch like the Rail Fence. Sally right well knew it and hoped that Jack was such a man.  Times were particularly hard just now. Beef was way down, and it looked as if there'd be mighty little profit for any of the cattlemen. Old Everly himself was, at the moment, just a little better than solvent. Four whole sections of his best grazing land were heavily mortgaged. And while he did have enough government bonds in his safe to clear up all indebtedness, there would--if it came to a pinch-- be practically nothing left over for fu- ture operating expenses. The Everlys would pull through; the old man, for all his periodic toots, had backbone.  But after Henry Everly was gone--? That, in the starlight, was what occu- pied both riders. Silent, they rode hand in hand to the white bars of the gate. Mutely Jack dismounted to let Sally's sorrel mare through, then walked up the long lane to the house at her stirrup.  He took the sorrel there, as she slipped out of the saddle.  "I'll try to make good, Sally. I'll try to show yuh."  Sally had to smile. Her hand was on his sleeve. But she couldn't resist the dig: "Let the nighthawk put up the horses. It's his job."  "Well, he's way at the end of the feed lot. I could--"  "Oh, there you go again. Trying to do everybody's work," Sally ex- claimed and there was disappointment in her tone.  "Aw, Sally, yuh don't hate me?"  Her hand slid up his sleeve and caught his chin firmly. "No, Jack." She kissed him on the lips. "I love you, darling dumbbell."  A RUMBLING sonata of snoring rolled out of the bunkhouse into that depth of darkness which precedes     an autumn dawn. It was indeed a sound of surprising variety and volume-- deep bass snores, thin falsetto snores, wheezes and whistles.  A couple of nervous milk cows in the neighboring corral stirred uneasily and switched their tails. A leggy foal in the feed lot leaped from sleep and rushed wildly about until its mamma kicked it gently and told it to hush up. "And those same cowpokes laugh when they hear a burro soundin' off!" was doubtless what the mare told its off- spring.  Even the rather noisy homecoming of the boss, Henry Everly, did not dis- turb the boys' slumbers. Incidentally, unlike his foreman, the boss did not bother about the nighthawk's comfort; the wrangler had damn well better pick up his buckskin and stable it.  But just one minute later the roar which shook the prairie would almost have wakened the dead. It was as se- vere as the explosion of a cannon.  Jack Williams was out of his bunk while the earth still shivered and trem- bled. He did not pause even for his boots, though instinctively his fingers snatched up his gunbelt and sixguns, laid handy on the floor beside him. He was at the door of the bunkhouse al- most before the others were stirring.  A wavering light in the ranch house suggested that the scene of the explo- sion might be yonder. In stocking feet the young foreman ran headlong to- wards the main building.  Then the light disappeared. There came the scuffing and stamping of horses, the low voices of men growling and swearing. "Slap in yore hooks an' git scarce!" someone shouted in the dark. "We'll have the whole nest of 'em swarmin'!" Indeed, back at the bunkhouse the boys of the Rail Fence were rallying to follow their foreman.  Jack let go one wild shot in the gen- eral direction of the ranch house. He couldn't see a thing, of course. But from beyond the house, where their horses had evidently been bunched, came a spattering volley in answer.