96 RANCH ROMANCES    hours, pondering on the situation. Vail, he was sure, had tried to im- press him with the impossibility of carrying out his task. There was no- body big enough to buck Dawson! Jerry grunted in disgust. He would suspend judgment until he had met Dawson, but from what he knew of him, he was an imitation badman run- ning loose on the range.  Tomorrow he'd make a preliminary inspection of the spring and the val- ley. Perhaps he'd meet Dawson.  Hours after he had gone to his room, long after the doctor had left, Jerry saw Stan Vail ride away. He scowled.  EARLY the next morning, after a hasty breakfast in the kitchen, Jerry saddled his roan and rode off toward Clear Creek Valley. After reaching the spring, high above the valley, he followed the stream down to the point where its waters poured into a blue lake, which was indispu- tably on C Cross land. Dawson, in claiming the spring and the valley, intended to impound the water by building an earth dam and creating an artificial lake, from which he could irrigate the Circle Four bottom lands.  There was much at stake. Nothing was so valuable as water on this range and the possession of the spring meant everything to the C Cross. The Circle Four, a bigger spread, had plenty of water on other parts of its land.  As Jerry had half expected, a rider approached him from the Circle Four side of the valley. Pretending that he had not seen him, Jerry rode on slowly.  "Hey, you! What you doin' here?"  Jerry halted and turned, waiting for the other to ride close. As the man advanced, he was sure that it was Dawson. And as he looked at the man's heavy, pockmarked face, a flicker of surprise passed over his own. Dawson was wearing the usual range garb, but as Jerry looked at     him he saw him in different clothes.  He saw him mounted on a chestnut Arabian, with a silver-studded saddle and ornamented bridle, wearing tight Mexican trousers, a silk shirt and a short jacket, with his oily black hair topped by a flat-crowned sombrero. He saw him riding into the Border town of Los Alamos, at the head of a band of men. Again he listened to the warning cries of the people as they took refuge behind the barred doors of their houses. He heard again the name which struck terror into their hearts. The name was not Daw- son.  "What you doin' here?" the rider demanded again.  Jerry smiled. The advantage was his, decidedly. He knew Dawson, yet Dawson had never seen him before.  "I reckon it's none of your busi- ness," Jerry drawled, "but I don't mind tellin' you."  He explained who he was, watching Dawson closely. What would have been an ingratiating smile in another man crossed Dawson's face and he thrust out his hand with an exclama- tion of pleasure.  "Been expectin' you," he boomed. "We sure want this dispute cleared up. Why didn't you come right along to the Circle Four? We can make you comfortable an' help you while you're on this job."  "Thanks," nodded Jerry. "I met up with Custer an' his daughter, an' I'm stoppin' there."  "Huh!" laughed Dawson. "Well, we ain't got any pretty girls like her over our way. Don't blame you." He leered at Jerry and laughed again. "But we'll be glad to help you out. Jest come along an' let me show you where this line oughta be, the way we see it."  Jerry followed him. and listened to his explanations. They didn't ring true, but he made no comment. He was waiting for some definite pro- posal from Dawson. It came later as a result of something Jerry said.