VALENTINE VENGEANCE 85    make a down payment on the Armisted place, a splendid ranch almost bordering the outskirts of the town, which he planned to buy for his and Anita's home. In that way, Anita could keep in close touch with the store, which was impossible if she went to live on High Mesa.  "I can't accept your offer, sweetheart," he had said, fighting a weakening of his resolve when he thought of being so near his beloved. "For several reasons. One's because Uncle Byron's getting pretty old, and since his boys are both in the service, he needs me to help him if things get too tough. Another's because I won't take money from anyone--even you, sweetheart --if I can't earn it myself. By next spring, if I can bring my cattle through as I hope, I'll be able to make a good down payment on the place, and see my way clear to go ahead on a big scale. But this winter I must feed the hay on High Mesa to my stock and keep an eye on Uncle Byron and the Slash M as well."  Anita's eyes had been stormy, and her graceful, golden head imperious as she faced him. "Does Uncle Byron mean more to you than I do, Terry?" she'd demanded. "If you stay on High Mesa all winter, where do I come in? We'll miss all the good times I've planned."  Terry had looked longingly at the per- suasive lips so near his own, for she would not let him look into her eyes curtained behind gold-tipped lashes. "Uncle Byron's not really kin, but he's done more for me than most kinfolk, helping me get Triangle T to a place where it's making more money than Dad could ever do. And we can tele- phone, and write, Anita mia, and when spring comes and I sell the cattle, we'll be able to go out on the Armisted place to- gether. Just keep thinking of that, the way I'll be doing, and the time won't seem so long."  Anita had refused to understand. When she had such a generous income she couldn't see why the man she expected to marry should refuse to accept a loan from her. Especially when it was on the home she was to share with him. And because Terry was proud and independent, and she was hurt and vexed, they had quarreled bitterly. The next morning when he had ridden out     of town, she hadn't come to tell him good- by, and although he made excuses to linger around for an hour, he did not see her, and rode away discouraged and sore at heart.  There had been a few brief, impersonal letters from Anita in reply to his affection- ate, loving missives. There had been a few unsatisfactory telephone calls, but most of the time winter's storms had put the line out of commission. This morning was the first time Terry had been able to get through to Black Rock for weeks.  FROM out of a winter world in which he had for hours seemed the only inhabitant, Terry at length reached Jake Connor's ranch.  "Hi, Jake!" he called, un- fastening his skis and shaking fine snow from his clothing. "You got a caller!"  The gaunt, bent rancher shambled to the door, and at sight of his caller squinted in amazement. "I've heerd tell," he vouch- safed, "that the high country's liable in wintertime to send folks as live there loco. . . . Looks like you're one of 'em, Terry Welch, skiin' 'round the country like you was on a picnic."  Terry's cold face cracked in a grin. "Sure, Jake, I'm a gentleman of leisure. On my way to town to take in the Valentine dance tomorrow, if you'll loan me a horse to get there." Then sobering, as anxiety again pressed on him, "You still got plenty feed, Jake, or you had to get cake?"  "I'm runnin' a mite low on hay, dang this confounded long, hard winter! If this blasted snow don't go off soon, I'll have to get cake all right. I've writ Roy Beales, and he's said he can let me have some, was I to need it."  "So-o?" exclaimed Terry in surprise. "Does that mean Beales is buying more cake than just what's been ordered? Keeps plenty on hand?" And he thought, "He didn't mention anything like that to me, and he knows that my cattle and Uncle Byron's are in a serious fix."  The two were walking toward the stables as Connor answered, "Handling it through the Hart Mercantile, I reckon. Beales acts nowadays like he owns the concern. Prob- ably thinks he's got Anita Hart lassoed,