32 ELSA BARKER    forehead. "Don't be afraid," she said again. "You're not alone any more."  Then as she said that, she heard her horse nicker softly. Through the open doorway she saw him put up his head and look at the rise behind the house.  Her heart turned cold within her, while her fingers continued their soothing motion on his hot head. So she had led the killer to him after all!  Clark had heard the horse too. He tried to raise his head to look through the door. "Someone coming, Lucy?"  With a pang of pity and maybe a little of shame she heard the terror in his voice. She patted his shoulder reassuringly.  "Maybe," she said sturdily. "But don't worry. I have a gun. It's dark in here and light outside. I won't let them hurt you."  She heard the sound of stealthy footsteps on the rocky rubble outside and reached for her gun. It took her a long moment to get it out of the holster, for she was both un- accustomed to and deathly afraid of it. She crawled over to the side of the door on her hands and knees and waited.  It never occurred to her at that moment to marvel that the girl crouching here in the dark of an old, abandoned hut, waiting to kill if need be an unknown enemy, was the same girl as the cool and superior Lucy Mc- Adams who had come West three months ago hating all violence and rough living.  She heard coarse gravel grind together as the man at the other corner of the house shifted his weight from one foot to the oth- er. Her gun was up now, the hammer back, her finger steady on the trigger.  "I've got you covered," she said calmly. Of course she hadn't, but in the stories she'd read that's what they always said. "Come out from behind the corner of the house or I'll let you have it."  The noise that she heard then sounded suspiciously like a chuckle.  "Lucy?" It was Walt Carmack's voice.  Clark Bowles gave a little smothered cry of fear and tried to struggle to his feet, only to sprawl headlong on the floor again. Lucy let her gun arm drop as the cowboy came around the corner of the house.  "Oh, Walt!" Her cry was both a pro- test and an accusation. "Why did you fol- low me here?"     "Is it Clark Bowles in here with you?"  She hesitated, then knew it was useless to lie. "Yes. He's bad hurt, Walt."  "I'll get our saddle blankets and string them over the windows. Then we'll have a light an' look at him."  At his matter-of-fact voice some of the strain eased out of the girl's taut muscles. Now that he was here, there was relief and a feeling of security in his solid presence.  By the aid of her flashlight Lucy found a couple of candle remnants and lighted them. Clark Bowles seemed to have fainted.  They plumped up his corn shuck bed, straightened the only blanket on it, then Walt carried the wounded man over and laid him on it. Lucy watched while the cowboy cut off the blood-soaked shirt and examined the wound.  "How bad is it?" she asked anxiously.  Walt Carmack looked at her and shook his-head. "It looks ugly to me," he said. "But I don't know much about such things. We'll do what we can for him tonight. In the morning you can go for Doc Watson and a buckboard. I'll stay here with him."  "You mean you're really going to turn him in, then?"  Walt looked at her in astonishment. "Why, of course," he said. Then as he saw stubbornness grow in her eyes, he added more persuasively, "Don't you see that it's the only thing to do, Lucy? Hurt like he is, we can't keep him hidden here long. He's got neighbors within a mile on two sides. It's a wonder they haven't seen him and told about it before this. We've got to get him to tell us who's after him. Then we'll take him to the hospital and keep him under guard until this is settled. It's the only thing I can do."  The girl looked down at the unconscious man. He was breathing with a harsh, rasp- ing sound in his throat, and when she touched his forehead it felt hot and feverish.  Taking him to town probably meant a prison sentence for him. He deserved it of course, but she kept remembering how when he was a kid he'd always wanted to play the cop--the tough, hard-boiled cop who always got his man. And now the tables were turned.  She met Walt Carmack's eyes. "You're right, of course."