OUR AIR MAIL 159    LONELY BOY SCOUT  Dear Editor: I have been reading your magazine for six months and I like it very much. I would like to hear from cowgirls and cowboys, or anyone else who wishes to write. Please save a little space for a lonely Boy Scout. I am six- teen blue eyes. Write and find out more. Sincerely, GENE.  232 Live Oik St., Tabor, N. C  AN INVITATION FROM JESSIE Dear Editor: I have been a constant reader of R.R. for some time and have really enjoyed it. I would like very much to hear frm boys and girls of all ages, especially those from foreign countries.  I enjoy swimming and dancing, and like writing letters and exchanging snaps. I am sixteen years old, have blue eyes and auburn hair.  Hoping to seee this in your next issue, I am Sincerely, "AUBURN."  Jessie Moffett, 293 Simcot St., London, Ontario, Canada.  BRING CHEER TO "BUZZY"  Dear Editor: I am an acting 1st Sergeant in Hawaii. I am five feet ten inches tall, twenty-nine years old, have dark hair and eyes, and despite my rank, still have all my teeth. I have a cheerful disposition, but haven't many friends, owing to my heavy work. My only fault is a too generous na- ture.  Please, all you young folks, write to me soon. I prom- and souvenir to every correspondent. Sincerely yours, "BUZZY."  Anton, M. Heetnskirk, Act. 1st. Sgt., "A" Co. 21st. Inf. Schofield Barracks,, T. H.  A BRIEF FROM LONDON  Dear Editor: Would be glad to hear from any of your readers any- where. I am interested in travel, view cards, and the passing show. A LONDONER.  Alex Richardson, 10 Lanork Mansions, Maids H.r London, W.C., England.  CHANCES ARE GOOD  Dezr Editor: How are my chances of seeing this plea for pen pals in print? I sure would like to get letters from far and near. I will answer all letters I get, from young or old, and also exchange photographs. I am thirty-seven years of age, have ash-blond hair and gray-blue eyes.  I have been reading Romances for five years and enjoy the stories very much. Sincerely, EMMA SMITH.  48Tennis Ave., Ambler, Penn.  TERRY HAS BEEN AROUND Dear Editor:  I must confess that I'm an entirely newcomer. Just happened to read a copy of Ranch Romances and liked it; I aim to read many more. I think Our Air Mail is an ecellent idea. May I have the honor of seeing this letter in print in the next issue? I'm going to look for it anyway.  I would like to hear from all girls and boys. I would be especially pleased to correspond with some girl in England. Iam twenty-four years, young, have blue eyes and black curly hair and am five feet ten inches tall. Will send snaps to those who write, then they can be the judges.  I can tell all about Honolulu, Panama, Haiti, Cuba and the West Indies-- also Nicaragua, if anyone is in- terested.  How are chances for at least one pen pal? TERRY SHANNON.  448 Morrell St., Sheridan, Wyo.     RIDE 'EM, COWGIRL!  Dear Editor: I am a constant reader of Ranch Romances and enjoy it very much.  I am a blonde, dark-eyed, eighteen-year-old Texas cow- girl. I like everything, but most of all riding horseback, dancing and writing letters.  Come on, boys and girls, and fill my mail box. I prom- ise a speedy answer and will exchange snaps.  Best wishes to the success of the Double R. Sincerely, "DEE."  Tena Lois Smith, Box 10, Azle, Tex.  FROM THE EVERGLADES  Dear Editor: I have no written you in the last two years, because I have traveled quite a bit since. I left Stuart, Florida. Now I am settled down here and I would like to get some pen pals.  The last letter you published for me sure filled up my mail box. Don't think that I have not been reading Ranch Romances, for I have not missed an issue since I started reading them, about five years ago. The stories get better all the time.  Well, I still have my pin, so please publish this for me. I am out in the Everglades now and can tell the pen pals many things of interest.  I am twenty-two years of age, have brown hair and gray eyes. Will answer all letters and trade cowboy poems and songs. WILLIAM LONG.  Box 413, Belle Glade, Fla.  INTRODUCING RONALD  Dear Editor: I am an enthusiastic reader of Ranch Romances and think it is just fine. How about an introduction to your vast army of readers? Would appreciate hearing from those in places far from Detroit, though Michigan is not barred. Anyone from anywhere is welcome.  I am thirty-two. I like outdoor life and music; I'm also interested in dramatics, and am a faily good elocu- tionist. Will gladly exchange snaps with those who care to.  Lads and lassies, all write to a lonely Newfoundlander. Very truly yours. RONALD MARTIN.  5896 Driggs Ave., Detroit, Mich.  JUST BACK FROM CHINA  Dear Editor: I have been reading your magazine for almost five years. It was one of my best pals when I was in China. I am twenty-two years old, five feet ten inches tall, have black wavy hair and brown eyes. I have seen a great deal of the old world and can relate many strange tales concerning it.  I am editor of the ship's paper, "The Borie Bee," and will send a copy to the first ten who write to me. Will exchange snapshots with anyone. Come on, you lusty pen pushers, and give a lonesome gob a break. I prom- ise to answer all letters received.  Wishing Ranch Romances the best of luck and suc- cess, I am ROBERT R. ENGLISH.  c/o Postmaster, U.S.S. Borie 215, San Diego, Calif.  NOT ANOTHER LIKE R. R.  Dear Editor: I have been a constant reader of Ranch Romances for the last five years. Yes, I can truthfully say there isn't another magazine that has the thrilling stories contained in the Double R.  I sure do crave some pen pals and will answer all letters that I receive. I am a first-class mechanic in Uncle Sam's Navy, and I have traveled all over the world. I am six feet tall, have dark hair and blue eyes, and I am thirty-four years old.  Hoping to see my plea printed soon, I remain Sincerly, "BILL."   William R. Lewis, United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.