8 RANCH ROMANCES    facing the other two. They had their backs to me. They were spreading apart, as though to get him be- tween them. Suddenly he spurred his horse to a whirling start and made a run for the timber. They shot him then--brutally, cold-bloodedly--in the back.  "I saw red, I guess. Anyway, I ran back to my horse and got my rifle. When I got where I could see again, the two killers were racing for the timber--al- most in it. I shot at them once and believe I creased one of their horses. It acted like it. Then I ran down to see if I could help the rider they shot. I had just found that he was dead, when you came. That's all--and it's true."  The older man laughed sarcastically. "A pretty yarn, but too damn thin. Son, yuh--"  The younger man lifted his hand. "Keep yore shirt on, Dad. I can soon find out if she's telling the truth. Wait a minute."  He spurred his mount forward and began searching the ground in the rapidly fading light. He soon struck the tracks where the killers had raced for the timber. He went to the crest of the swale and looked over. Then he came back to the dead man and dis- mounted, making a careful examination. When he straightened up, his hat came off.  "I'm apologizin' for Dad an' me, miss," he said quietly "Dad, put that gun away. She's told the truth. Andy's gun ain't on him. First time I ever saw him without it. An' he wouldn't have made a run from no two men on this earth, even if they had the drop on him--not if his gun was in the leather. I don't understand all this, but I'm shore the lady's on the square. Her out- fit is up yonder over the crest. Saddle hoss an' two pack animals."  The old fellow gave in grudgingly. "That don't sound exactly regular either," he growled. "Why would any lone woman, especially a young, hand- some one like this gal, be rammin'     around the country alone with a pack outfit? Mebbe she didn't do this killin', but I'm bettin' she's tryin' to cover up somebody else's tracks. She musta had a man with her."  "Bosh!" snorted the young fellow. "Don't yuh think I know how to read sign better'n that? I tell yuh she's given us the truth. Use yore haid!"  He turned to Loma. "I'm Link San- derson--an' this is my father, called ‘Eagle' by them who know him. Shore, I'm sayin' again that we're sorry we misjudged matters."  His lean, hawkish features lit up with a disarming grin that Loma responded to immediately. "I'm glad to know you" she answered quietly. "My name's Loma Carlyle, and I am heading for Thunder City. Can you tell me how far it is?"  "Too far for yuh to reach tonight," he said promptly. "A good twelve miles at least. Unless yuh know the trails, yuh'd be foolish to try for it in the dark."  "I guessed as much," she nodded. "I intended to camp for the night as soon as I could find water."  Link Sanderson frowned. "It's none of my business, of course. But this country ain't exactly safe for a lone girl to camp out in. Yuh'd better come on home with Dad an' me. Yuh'd be right welcome. There's a easy trail from our outfit to Thunder City an' yuh could make the ride in tomorrow."  For a fractional second Loma was on the point of accepting this invitation. Then her eyes went to the grim old cat- tleman who she felt was still viewing her with suspicion, and her manner stiffened. "Thanks, but I'll be all right. I've been camping alone every night for nearly a month. I'm used to it--and I have my rifle. I'm not afraid in the slightest."  Young Sanderson did not press his invitation. He shrugged. "If yuh cut straight into the timber from here, yuh'll pick up a meadow mebbe three hundred yards up the slope. There's a spring at the upper end."