84 RANCH ROMANCES    Bullets went zinging through the air or pecked into the dust.  It was Jack Williams' impulse to re- turn that fire. But in a crisis he pos- sessed a cool, calm intelligence; and he was aware that emptying his guns at an invisible target wouldn't be a whole lot of use. Moreover, such an act might leave him with empty cylinders in his long sixes when he came close enough to fight effectively. So, both guns ready, although silent, he dashed on in.  The racket of galloping hoofs showed that the enemy were fleeing. Still, in that blackness before dawn-- the night was clouded now -- you couldn't even glimpse the outline of the flying horses.  At the same time the clear command sounded in the deep voice of the one who was evidently the leader, "Hold yore fire! Don't give 'em a mark!"  Jack did fire once then, in the gen- eral direction from which the voice had issued. But he got no salvo for an an- swer this time. And, so far as he could know, his own shot had been useless. Put-a-poom, put-a-poom across the prairie, the thunder of the galloping horses faded further and further into the distance. The intruders, whoever they were, had got away clean.  Swiftly there came to Jack's mind the whole understanding of what had hap- pened. Robbers had blown the safe in the ranch house living room. Anyone might have known that Everly kept negotiable bonds there. And the safe, hopelessly old-fashioned, could have been cracked by any yegg.  And Sally?  The girl's bedroom was in a wing, true. But what if she had been aroused before the explosion and had gone to investigate?  Her voice called him. Clothed in a dark green bathrobe, she held a match high at the living room door.  Beyond, amid the debris of shattered plaster, her father lay dead.  Up from the bunkhouse the rest of the Rail Fence boys were already pounding. They were in the living     room by the time Jack had lighted the oil lamp.  No need to take old Everly's pulse or to listen to his heart. Sally, white- faced, wordless, needed only to look at her father's face. A bullet between the eyes is summary.  It was entirely evident that the old stockman, entering the living room, had come directly upon the thieves just as they were ready to blow the door of the safe. One of them must have drilled him ruthlessly, almost at the instant that the dynamite charge was fired. Everly's own sixgun, dropped on the floor, had not been fired; its bore was unsullied by powder, its chambers fully charged.  The girl, in the first shock of the ca- tastrophe, seemed congealed. Her mouth was drawn to a thin, grim line; her eyes were the hard, brilliant blue of a bitter-cold winter sea. When her lover tried clumsily to offer a word of comfort, she held out one protesting hand and shook her head. Standing there with her back to the wall, hands gripped in front of her, she watched mutely while the men examined the evidences of the crime. It was as if, in her grief and anger, she was in a hypnotic trance.  The door of the ancient safe had been neatly blown and hung only by the shred of a hinge. That clearly in- dicated the work either of a profes- sional peterman--a city criminal expe- rienced in safe-cracking--or possibly of a skillful miner. These were not just stray badmen of the range, for the aver- age grub-liner knows nothing of the use of high explosives.  "Professional crooks, if you ask me," Jack remarked, squatting in front of the blown safe.  "Dragged their picket ropes a long ways," commented Riley Jones. "There's none such varmints in Sump Flats. Not as we've heared of, huh, Noddy?"  Bing Noddy, Riley's partner, noted for the briefness of his replies, ad- mitted; "None I've heared of."