38 ELSA BARKER    whether to play his exclusive knowledge of Lucky Jim Sanderson's whereabouts as a last trump card in his own defense. Then, to everybody's surprise, he chucked it.  "Lucky Jim is a guest of some friends of mine in Chihuahua. You'll find the ad- dress in my notebook on my desk at home. I could have easily had him killed, but-- well, dammit, I always sort of liked the old cuss. He could have saved us all a lot of bother, though, if he'd sold me the Lucky Diamond when I made him an offer."  Ford Harrell made a sudden gagging sound as if he were sick at his stomach. "Millie, run get me that rope hangin' just outside the kitchen door. I've had about all of this I can stand."  When they had Chipman securely trussed up and waiting for the sheriff to come after him, Walt turned to Ford Harrell.  "Ford, before we wind up this evenin's business, there's one thing I'd like to ask you. Where in the devil have you been on these long trips away from the ranch?"  For the first time since he had known him, Walt saw Ford Harrell acutely em- barrassed. He turned red and looked un- comfortably at his daughter.  "You should have asked me, Walt," Millie said serenely. "It's a woman, isn't it, Dad? A pretty, red-headed widow named Mela Andrews who lives in Oxville."  Harrell sputtered, then began to get mad at his own embarrassment.  "You been spyin' on me, Millie? Any- how, I wasn't goin' to marry her now, so you got no call to get mad about it."  "Phooey!" said Millie inelegantly. "I didn't think those pink letters you've been getting lately were bills for whiskey! I'd have headed it off all right if I hadn't found out how nice she is." She paused a mo- ment and a smile came into her eyes. "I might let you marry her, Dad--if you'll let me go to Denver and study music."  "A nice red-headed wife might sweeten up the disposition of even an ol' cocklebur like you, Ford," Walt said dryly.  Ford Harrell looked at him and Walt surprised a twinkle in his usually cold eyes.  "Why," he thought to himself, "the old booger's human after all. Maybe if I live to be a hundred I might get so I sorta like him."     IT WAS late in the afternoon a week later when a buckboard drove up into the front yard. A silvery-haired old man, thin and weak from a month's captivity in Mexico, stepped shakily to the ground.  Walt Carmack went with him up the front steps, where Mrs. Carmack's capable hands took charge. The cowboy looked over toward the foreman's cottage. Lucy Mc- Adams came out on the porch and waved.  It was like throwing down a bag of oats in front of a hungry cowpony. Obeying his heart, Walt Carmack's feet carried him across the yard toward her--fast.  "Hello, Lucy."  "Hello, Walt."  After a moment she came over and sat down beside him. "Walt, I--I think we've still got a lot to say to each other. A lot of things to straighten out."  He smiled down at her. "We've got a lifetime to do it in," he said.  She drew back a little before the look in his eyes. "No, some of it's got to be said now. I've got to tell you how sorry I am --for something I said to you once!"  "Sorry you said it? Or sorry you be- lieved it?"  The teasing look was back in his eyes.  "Both," she said steadily. "Sorry that I ever for one moment believed such a thing of you! And sorrier that I said it!"  Suddenly his arms were around her.  "Honey," he said softly in her ear, "you told me that a dozen times already. The morning you brought the newspaper to me --instead of Ford Harrell or somebody else --every time you turned to me for help. And you even hinted you liked me a little when you followed me through a hail of bullets into a cornpatch."  Lucy gave a long sigh of pure happiness. "A little!" she protested in mock indigna- tion. "Walt--what are you doing?"  "Fixin' to draw straws," he teased. "Short straw rates a kiss. Long straw, you go in the house!"  Lucy McAdams had no intention of going into the house. Her fingers trembled a little, reaching for one of the broken match sticks he held out to her, his other arm al- ready around her. But not for fear she would draw the long straw. Walt, she re- membered, knew how to fix them.