MISDEAL 37    CLARK BOWLES  He heard Ford and Millie gasp, but he kept his eyes on the banker. By now Chip- man had himself in hand again. He smiled and shrugged with bland self-assurance.  "I still haven't any idea what you're talk- ing about. But if you mean how did I get my face scratched, I was foolish enough to rescue a stray cat from a dog. She cut me up a little doing it."  "Well, by God." Ford Harrell said slow- ly. "You was foolish, wasn't you?"  Chipman looked at him. Two spots of angry color appeared suddenly in his cheeks, and his eyes narrowed.  "It's Walt's word against mine, Har- rell!" he said sharply.  "Not quite," Lucy McAdams put in sweetly. "I had on a hat and I didn't run fast and I kept my head down so the corn didn't whip my face--but look here!" She loosened her high Peter Pan collar and turned her head from side to side, showing a few of the scratches on either side of her neck. "You didn't know I was there, did you, Gene? So you see it isn't just your word against Walt's!"  The banker looked slowly around the room. He saw condemnation and loathing in every face, and he would have been a fool not to know the jig was up.  He made a sudden grab for Millie Har- rell who was still standing close to him, with the obvious intention of using her body as a shield to make his getaway. But the ranch girl was strong and agile as a cat. She spun     away out of reach before his fingers had hardly touched her, and then suddenly shoved the piano bench straight at his knees.  Chipman stumbled and half fell. The next instant the ominous buzz of a rattlesnake filled the room. Both girls yelled and jumped for the nearest chair. Ford Harrell made a grotesque leap sideways.  Walt Carmack was the only one who didn't seem to be startled. His gun cleared its holster with one lightning swift move- ment that was in itself like the deadly strike of a rattler. He pulled the trigger and the pearl-handled .38 jumped sideways out of Gene Chipman's hand to fall clattering.  The banker grunted with pain. As he grasped at his half paralyzed wrist, a small object dropped from his other hand to the floor. Walt picked it up. It was a little tin buzzer not unlike one of those noise-maker gadgets at a carnival. The noise it made even in Walt's unpracticed fingers was as- tonishingly like the warning buzz of a dia- mondback.  "You fooled me twice with this thing an' purt near got me killed," he said calmly. "You didn't think it would work again, did you?"  Ford Harrell stopped looking for snakes and a half sheepish expression came over his face.  Chipman looked at Walt, still surprising- ly self-contained. "I should have taken time to go back and kill you last night when I had the chance," he said thoughtfully.  Walt could agree that, at least from the banker's point of view that statement was probably correct. Then, remembering Billy Gamel and Clark Bowles, he clenched his fists at his sides to think that it was all over so easily and quickly.  "I wish you'd get up on your feet an' fight. I've got a busted knee and you a broken wrist--I hope. It ought to be fairly even."  "Cut it out, Walt!" Ford Harrell broke in quietly. "You've had your fun and done a damn good job of it, too." He turned to Chipman. "You're a hooked rooster, any- how, Gene. So you just as well tell us how you had Lucky Jim done away with in Mexico. If he ain't alive, by God, I'll--"  "He's alive!" Chipman said that much quickly, then hesitated, as if trying to decide