THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 59    Syd's gun. Even before the seven-and-one- half-inch barrel had cleared leather, Kent drew and fired. It is doubtful if any of those who watched so avidly even saw the draw. One instant he was lounging there on the steps with his right hand empty, the next he still lounged but flame was leaping from his extended arm.  The bullet hit the iron barrel of Harper's Colt and tore it from his grasp as though it had been struck with a sledge. So aston- ishing was it that Syd just stood there and stared. And as he stared, the gun on the far side of the street slipped smoothly into its holster and Kent Bradford's words reached him.  "I said to get out of town, Harper. Reckon now you know I meant it."  Syd, mouth open, raised his right hand and gazed at it as though he found it im- possible to believe that it was empty. Then the red of mortification rose in his cheeks and the look of astonishment gave way to one of rage and frustration. He straight- ened, looked long and hard at the lounging figure on the store steps, then turned as though to go back into the saloon.  But he didn't. Concealed by his body, his right hand dived beneath his coat and came out with the short-barreled gun he carried in a shoulder holster. He spun on one heel, checked the motion, fired quickly at Bradford. And this time Kent really had to shoot. The movement had caught him off his guard, but so rapid was it that it also spoiled Syd's aim. The bullet plunked into the step at Bradford's side, and the next instant the Peacemaker was out and another streak of fire darted at Syd like the tongue of a snake.  The man staggered with the impact of the lead, recovered his balance, stood swaying for three seconds--back, forth; back, forth; back, forth. He tried to raise the Der- ringer but couldn't quite do it. He collapsed suddenly and completely, like a wet rag.  Kent sighed and got to his feet. His glance went to the corner around which Ellen had vanished. She was standing there watching, and he knew he would carry the picture of her face to his grave. Then she was gone and he walked wearily, as if each step was an effort, across the street towards his horse.     II Flight  FAIR-HAIRED boy of twenty crossed in front of him on the run, "Damn you, Bradford!" he cried as he passed. He was El- len's brother, Ronald.  Kent gave no sign that he had heard, but his face was bleak as he swung into the saddle. Ronnie had liked him once, but Syd Harper had turned the boy against him. And Ronnie's friendship for Syd had undoubtedly influenced Ellen.  He flashed a quick look towards the sa- loon as he pivoted his horse. Ronnie was on his knees beside the stricken Harper and was working over him. Kent heard him say, "Couple of you boys give me a hand. We'll take him over to my house."  As Kent turned back his eyes met those of Ellen. She didn't say a word, but in her hot glance he read scorn and disappoint- ment and dislike. At the moment he felt sure she hated him. He groaned inwrardly and spurred his horse to a lope. Again he had tried to miss a vital spot, but his shot had been hurried and there was ever pres- ent the haunting fear that the bullet had struck an inch or so wide of where he had intended it to strike. The sweat stood out on his forehead; God knew he wanted no man's life.  He reached his father's ranch at noon and mechanically took his place at the table. John Bradford knew he had ordered Har- per out of town, but they had kept word of the quarrel from Kent's mother. When they left the table and went outside the elder Bradford said, "Harper leave?"  "No."  "You have to--"  "Wounded him."  John Bradford sighed his relief. He had been responsible in a large measure for his son's skill and at first had taken huge pride in it; but as this uncanny ability grew, pride was replaced by awe and then dis- may. He had no wish to see his son trans- formed into a killer and most certainly did not want him injured.  "Sooner or later you're goin' to have to