142 RANCH ROMANCES    Johnson, where he took careful aim and fired. The shot reverberated from the rocky walls of the pass behind him, in- tensified by the silence, so that it sounded like the blast of a cannon. There was a convulsive jerk of Scrap Johnson's body and a dark spot appeared in his temple and slowly spread.  Ted Gaynor lay as before, completely remote from this scene of violence. He seemed as dead as the man who had just been murdered. Dropping the gun from which he had fired the fatal shot, Josh Hastings knelt down and deliberately crawled back to the spot where Ted Gaynor lay.  Hastings rose to his feet and looked back critically over the trail he had beaten through the grass. He could see Ted's gun gleaming where he had let it fall, and a cruel smile twisted his lips. Dead or alive, he had framed Ted Gay- nor. Whoever found the two bodies could not escape the inference of that dropped gun. At one stroke he had been able, not only to get his revenge on Scrap, but to wipe Ted Gaynor from his path.  No matter what Kay might have thought of Ted, she was not the kind to let her thoughts linger over a proved murderer. From now on, the way with Kay should be clear sailing. Walking slowly over to his horse, Josh Hastings swung into the saddle and headed back toward the pass.  CHAPTER XX Shelter  THE moon hung low in the western sky, and moonlight and dawn were mingled in a cold gray light, before Ted Gaynor opened his eyes again. For a long interval he lay staring straight ahead, his eyes darkened with pain. Gradually the gentle trickle of the water penetrated to his consciousness, and he was suddenly aware of his burning throat and the fever that blazed through him.  He tried to pull himself over to the water, but fell back with a groan at the     intolerable pain in his chest. A wild look came into his eyes, and he mut- tered incoherently. Slumping down again by the water that was so near and yet so far, he seemed on the point of giving up. Finally, with a mighty ef- fort, he roused himself and rolled over, so that he could reach the edge of the stream.  As he sucked in a great gulp of the life-giving drink, Ted's mind cleared for a moment, and he realized where he was and what had happened in his third en- counter with Scrap Johnson, on his way over to the Clear Water Basin. He had dismounted to get a drink at the head- waters of the pass, and, just as he was in the act of quenching his thirst, he heard a rasping challenge behind him. Whirling about and drawing at the same time, he had seen Scrap Johnson a short distance away.  The next instant there had been the roar and blaze of two guns, but Scrap Johnson's bullet reached its mark first, while Ted's went wild. From that point, memory registered nothing but a blank void shot through with intolerable pain and nightmare dreams. Doubtless Scrap Johnson had ridden on and left him to die.  All details of the night blurred into delirium, as the pain in his chest swept over him again, but although the de- lirium persisted, he did not lose con- sciousness. Through it all ran a sub- conscious will to live, a determination to pull through for Kay's sake. She needed him; he mustn't fail her!  By a gigantic efforts and propelled by this inner insistent force, Ted pulled himself up on his hands and knees and began slowly and painfully to drag himself along the edge of the stream.  Two thoughts possessed him above all others. He mustn't lose the trail of the water; he must stay by it, so that he could quench the thirst that burned in him. And he mustn't let himself re- lax and lie down; once he did that, he would never get up again.  Gradually the dawn lightened, and when the first rays of the sun glistened