78 LULITA CRAWFORD PRITCHETT    in a grassy glade where he lived, and he was starting to build a cabin.  "Howdy, kid!" Big, sandy-haired Tug was glad to see her. She decided to say nothing about being shot at. He might forbid her coming up on the mountain. " 'Light and have some soup!" he invited.  That's what Puck had been afraid of. Tug's soups were--well, no wonder he was growing gaunter day by day! But a person as near to starving as Puck couldn't be choosey. She sniffed at the bowl he filled for her. "Say, Tug, what kind of soup is this?"  "Rock soup, kid. First you boil some nice round rocks, and then you add what- ever you got--a few spuds, or some onions or carrots."  "Tastes more like you'd boiled a rubber boot," said Puck honestly.  "It does have sort of a far-away flavor," agreed Tug with a wry grin. "Try a bis- cuit."  Puck took one of the dingy grayish dough balls and tried to pinch it. Talk about rock soup! She'd have to have a gizzard to eat that. When Tug had his back turned she tossed it to Joker, who rolled it around in his mouth a while, then left it in a bunch of grass.  "Have another biscuit, kid," urged the hospitable Tug. "Gosh, there's plenty of 'em!"  Puck squirmed. She didn't want to hurt Tug's feelings, so she took the biscuit, put it on a boulder and socked it with a stone. If she could get it down by pieces. . . . "Ain't you got any canned goods?" she inquired.  Tug, gnawing at his bread like a squirrel chiseling into a pine cone, shook his head. "I had some," he said, "but lightning struck the station one day and punctured every can. That's why I'm campin' down here. 'S funny."  Puck could see nothing funny about it. Tug was starving to death! His pants hung on him, and his eyes looked hollow and bloodshot. They roved restlessly over the dark acres of timber entrusted to his care.  "Country's dry as a chip," he muttered. "Be a bad time for a fire."  Puck too stared upon the forest. Better to keep her mind off what was in her mouth     if she could. A heap depended on Tug. There were a thousand war needs for the lumber he was guarding. S'pose he got sick?  "Tug," she said abruptly, "you got to find you a wife."  "Huh?"  "Someone who can cook. There's a lot o' nice girls. That teacher at Mud Flats, or the sawyer's daughter, or--"  Tug's ears turned an angry red. "Not me!"  Puck eyed him severely. "Don't be a ninny. This marryin' business is simple. One party furnishes what the other party needs. Lord knows you need a cook, and I'll betcha there's some girl that just needs a big hunk o' beef like you to look after her."  "That's where you're dead wrong," growled Tug. "She ain't got no use for me a-tall."  "Then you've already picked out a girl!"  Tug hurled the rest of his biscuit at a stump. "I got to get to work."  "Who is she, Tug?"  But he was striding for the lookout sta- tion and didn't seem to hear her. Puck scrambled after him, eaten with curiosity. "How do you know she doesn't like you? Who is she, Tug? Maybe I could--"  The ranger, crossing a muddy place by the spring, carefully stepped over a loose slab of spruce bark in the trail. Puck kicked it out of the way. Then she stared. The bark had covered a small footprint with a miniature half-moon of a heel--a woman's track. And there was only one female in Kettle Creek who didn't know better than to wear high-heeled slippers in the moun- tains.  "Docie Mitchell!" she gasped.  Tug jerked around, a hang-dog look on him as if he'd been caught stealing chickens.  "What was Docie doing here?" blurted Puck.  Tug wiped his sweaty face. "That's kind of a purty little track," he said lamely. "Feller gits lonesome seein' nothin' but bear tracks and fox tracks and coyote tracks." Sheepishly, yet with a stubborn set to his jaw, he hunted up the bark and replaced it.  Not till then did Puck begin to tumble.