WHOM SHALL I MARRY? By Professor Marcus Mari  THE STARS AND THE WAR AND YOU Man of Aquarius . . . Jan. 20--Feb. 19   Professor Mari will be glad to give a personal reading to anyone who sends this coupon to him in care of Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ave., New York. ENCLOSE STAMPED AND SELF-ADDRESSED ENVELOPE. Name.....Sex Address Exact date of birth: Year.....Month.....Day of Month 2-011-44     THE sea and all that sails upon it are the life-forces behind the Aquarius man. His is the Sign of the Water-Bearer, and he is a born sailor. He usually loves boats and ships and has a way with them, whether sailing them or building them. His love of adventure, of travel is apt to take him to far, strange ports and places, and his gift of adaptability will keep him content in whatever odd environments he finds himself. Usually a quiet, easy-going person, the Aqua-rius man can be tempestuous and raging when aroused to fighting anger. He has a keen sense of justice and honor and will always be one of the first to rush to the defense of the helpless. There is none of the bully in the Aquarius man. If unable to enter actively in the war effort, the Aquarius man may find an outlet for his talents in some field that can use his genius for detail and concentrated work. He is careful, con-scientious and an excellent craftsman. And he has amazing vitality.    The Aquarius man often finds himself falling in and out of love with disturbing frequency, but once he finds the real love of his life, he is con-stant and content. He makes an excellent father, partially because he remains much of a boy at heart no matter how numerous his years, and partially because of his great depths of under-standing. The Zodiac sign of the Water-Bearer also gives the fortunate person born under it rather special talents: He is usually a very good dancer, and he is always entertaining and witty. Perhaps his most special gift is the ability to follow and copy the moods of whatever person he happens to be with at the moment. This ability makes him very popular with his fellow men. Despite the horrors of the War, it happens to offer to the Aquarius man an outlet for his gifts of the Water Sign, and it is not at all unlikely that the end of the War will find him high on top of his chosen profession.   127