58 ERIC HOWARD    sleeve and bound the wound with a clean handkerchief.  "I was wanderin' around, tryin' to pick up his trail," Tom said, "when I saw your flag. I come back here and tried to figger things out. Finally added two and two, when I saw the lock busted off the door here. He must 'a' heard me. He was waitin' in the tunnel and he clubbed me down. Well, lady, as the Judge used to say, you're dynamite when you get riled."  Mrs. Gray laughed. "Had to be, in my time," she said. "Where's your horse, Tom? I didn't see it outside anywhere."  "He likely put it in a shed or some- where, after layin' me out."  "Well, let's get out of this hole," the old lady said briskly. She crossed over to Mary and put her arm across the girl's shoulders. "Come, child. You've just got to get used to the idea that men change here on the desert. Can you manage him, Tom?"  "Sure," Tom said. "You go on ahead."  MARY was crying softly as they went out through the dark tunnel into the twi- light. Mrs. Gray left her there for a moment, and crossed over to a nearby shed. She flung the door open. Tom's horse, still saddled and bridled, was there. She led the horse out and told Mary to mount her own.  "Go on up home, honey," she said gently. "We'll be along. Put the ket- tle on. Tom will need some strong coffee--and I could use some, too."  Tom led Lansing's horse out of the tunnel. Lansing was lying across the saddle. Tom was carying a pair of saddle bags.  "Bank money's in here," he said. "That story about his uncle's cache of gold--I reckon he just made that up."  "I think so, Tommy. He had to have some explanation of how he struck it rich for Mary. He knew that a fine,     sweet girl like Mary wouldn't stand for crookedness. She is a fine girl, Tom- my. I'm goin' to keep her with me. She's had a hard time of it, livin' with an uncle that didn't want her, dream- ing of this man as he was when he was a boy. I'm going to tell her I'm gettin' old and need her here. You back me up on that, Tommy."  "I sure will," Tom Barnes said, and grinned. "I'd hate to see her leave the country. We're kind of short of pretty girls around here."  Mrs. Gray chuckled. It was high time, she thought, that Tommy began to pay attention to pretty girls.  Tom led Lansing's horse up to Mrs. Gray's house. She followed, leading his. They put the animals in the corral and Tom lifted Lansing from the sadle. He was able to stand now, but all the fight had gone out of him. Mrs. Gray stood before him while Tom unsaddled and fed the horses; she looked steadily at Lansing.  He gave her a surly, insolent stare. She slowly shook her head.  "It's too bad," she said. "I can see the kind of boy you must 'a' been. Un- ruly and ambitious, wanting to get what you wanted, no matter how. Not strong enough to stick to the slow, hard way. Too bad Tom Lansing didn't have your raisin'."  "Cut out the sermon," Lansing snapped. "If it hadn't been for you, I'd 'a' won. Yeah, I'd 'a' been on my way."  "You couldn't have won," Mrs. Gray said. "Tommy would have got you. If not Tommy, then the sheriff. Or Mary. Mary would have found out how you struck it rich. She wouldn't have stood for it. We've had your kind in Chaco before. You've never won. And I'm al- ways sorry for you."  Lansing muttered something, turned away from her and glared at the deputy sheriff.  "How'd you get on my trail, in the first place?" he demanded.  "You made a mistake," Tom said. "You fellers always do. That no- good friend of yours in Butte, the feller