86 MARIAN 0'HEARN    back, he'll walk right into the strong arms of the law. After that--" He let his words fade into another chuckle.  "After that, you'll see he's sent to jail for shooting Dr. Harvey. But Mike Harvey's not going to die. That'll make it harder for you, won't it?"  "Maybe, but accidents can happen. People might get so worked up, they'd take Ransome out of jail and lynch him even if the doc doesn't die. This town thinks a lot of young Harvey."  She stared at him in amazed dis- belief. He was so sure of himself, so conceited about his own power that he was coolly explaining how he in- tended to cause another man's death!  When she was silent, he told the men: "We'll get going. Couple of hours of traveling ahead."  They started on--only to pull in again at once, their hands jerking wild- ly at the reins.  A tall figure was standing directly ahead of them on the trail, covering them with two leveled guns. And in spite of the darkness, Faith knew that it was Pat Ransome.  "All right, Tom," he called to Knox. "Drop your guns and get down, quiet- like. I've got that scared little killer you sent to get Harvey back there in the brush. He's all tied up and safe, and he's been talking plenty. I caught him an hour after the shooting. Dumb to throw lead through a window."  Knox did not speak and the men around him tensed, their hands moving toward their weapons.  Ransome said: "Don't go for your irons, boys. If you do I'll let Knox have it first. Better tell 'em, Tom."  "Pat, you're crazy! We've always been friends, so let's talk this over." Knox's voice was actually friendly, but suddenly, even as he was speaking, he flipped out his own weapon. It ex- ploded with a roar.  Both Ransome guns barked at the same moment and Knox went limp. For a second he was a grotesque, soft shape on top of his horse. Then he slid, sidewise, out of the saddle.     The riders remained motionless, their hands still near their guns.  "Come on, then," Pat told them soft- ly. "Start throwing that lead and you won't have to worry about the law."  The man on the lead pony muttered: "He'll get at least one of us, and he's right. We're through."  "Let's pull out," the second man growled. "There's no stake in this for us now."  The rider who had been holding Faith in the saddle before him, stepped down and lifted her to the ground. Then he got up again, hastily, and wheeled his mount. The others fol- lowed, driving their ponies to top speed. And, suddenly, the girl sagged. They were gone--and she was free.  "Pat," she said weakly, "I think I'm going to faint. I never have before, but this must be the way it feels."  "No, you're not!" He reached her in two strides and caught her arms. "Hold on to yourself, do you hear?"  "Ye-es." She swayed against him and his arms closed around her.  "Feel better?" he asked.  "A little, but don't let me go."  To her surprise, he laughed. She straightened up, forgetting her faint- ness, to look at his face. "This hasn't been a very funny experience."  "I was laughing at the idea of let- ting you go--because I never will." She started to speak but he stopped her words with his lips. And even now, in the middle of the dark, deserted prairie, his mouth was touched with the thing she had sought. The magic she had almost missed.  But at the end of that kiss, she said: "Then you won't remember Mike? You see, he broke our engagement."  "I know. He told me yesterday. He realizes things like this can happen and he said you belong with me."  "He said that?" She drew out of his arms. "I'm so glad you and he ar- ranged everything! It was sweet of him to give his consent and--"  "Shut up," he said, and kissed her again.