LOBO LAW 103    RIDING a little distance down the east slope of the ridge, Rennevant eased the roan out onto a projecting ledge and had his look at the country below. Nothing showed in the greasewood breaks, and for a brief interval he failed to distinguish a sign of movement on the tilted, harpin turns of the road. But presently a thin dust haze drifted above a hidden switch- back and a moment later three riders appeared, coming up the road at a trot.  Sun glare reflected sharply on Shum- way's law badge; it put a shine on Turk Gallego's dark, perspiring face and bright- ened the ruddy stubble of whiskers on Red Haggin's heavy cheeks. They were less than half a mile away, their sweat-lathered broncs showing how fast they'd made the run from San Sureno. Giving their gear a prolonged study, Rennevant decided that Gallego and Haggin both had rifles in sad- dle scabbards. He couldn't be sure about the sheriff.  And at this moment Haggin peered up at him, halted instantly and snatched out his saddle gun. Whereupon Rennevant fired. ...  That first shot spooked Larson's bronc into a tantrum. It also sent those three riders scampering for cover on both sides of the road. Rennevant took time to quiet the roan; he heard Sheriff Shumway yell: "It's Rennevant!" and heard the nearby sizzle of a slug before the rifle's report drifted up to him. He spotted Shumway and tried to target the dodging sheriff with two shots, but the fiddle-footed roan made accurate shooting impossible. One of those guns below was sending slugs too close for comfort. A bullet whanged within inches of his head; another spattered off a boulder less than a yard away. It was time to move!  Whirling the roan, Rennevant headed northward along the ledge, purposely re- maining in sight so that the men below could see the direction of his departure. Red Haggin had dismounted and was tak- ing time for deliberate aim. Gallego was rushing his horse along the slope, evidently intending to cut him off from town. And Sheriff Shumway was now riding up the road to come in behind him.  Whereupon Rennevant grinned and     urged his horse to a faster pace. They were a crafty trio, those three, wise in the ways of backtrail fighting. But he knew a few tricks himself, even though this was the first time he'd ever been on the dodging end of a chase. . . .  Angling up to the summit, Rennevant went northward. This, he decided, was a good chance to have a look at the Home- stead Hills, and if the Double D crew were pushing cattle onto Anvil range again today he might meet up with Whitey Hallmark. Remembering how blood had spurted from Rowdy's front feet this morning, Renne- vant felt the same shocked anger he'd felt at Hooligan's stable. And a familiar, itch- ing urge for vengeance.  Presently quartering into a trail, Renne- vant followed it into a deep canyon that notched the ridge. The runoff from last night's rain had formed a sizeable creek at which he watered the roan and took a drink himself. Then, listening for sound of pursuit and hearing the remote rumor of running horses, he splashed downstream for nearly three miles, until he found a pool where a bunch of range broncs had recently drunk. Here he turned north again, the roan's hoofprints merging with a jumble of fresh tracks that pocked the muddy bank.  "Only an Injun could track us out of here," Rennevant mused and crossing the canyon, headed upridge at an angle that brought him back into the summit trail at noon.  The ridge here was covered with live oak and thickets of manzanita. Climbing a high outcrop of rock, Rennevant scouted his backtrail. seeing no sign of the three- man posse. Eastward the land dropped down to brush-blotched flats that ran all the way back to the base of Cascabelle Divide. West of him Anvil range was a hazy sprawl of long mesas and wide val- leys stretching west to the Ramparts and north to the timbered slopes of the Home- stead Hills.  Squinting his eyes against the sun's harsh glare, Rennevant tallied the chimney peak Anne had pointed out, then scanned the country east of it until he picked up the far-off flash of a sun-glinted windmill. The distance was too great for him to distin- guish more than a vague outline of build-