60 RANCH ROMANCES    said to himself, maybe it was better so. For he realized with every passing hour that he, who seemed to be master on this journey, was in reality body and soul captive to Molly Wardell.  At last, just as night was closing in, there appeared before them the lights of the Mexican town they sought. It lay in a small valley around which swept frowning cliffs. The place was open to access in only two directions. This in- cluded the trail they were following now.  They halted above the town, looking down upon it. Here they would remain, Kit Bridger explained, until two o'clock. And he elaborated fully the plan he had in mind. Falling back among the thick trees, they made themselves as comfor- table as they could, gave the horses what little grain remained at the cantles, and settled down to waiting.  Bridger now told her that he knew this section well. He himself had been down here buying cattle, before this re- cent revolution had broken out.  Hour after hour passed. Through a little vista in the trees Molly saw the lights of the town go out, one after the other. And suddenly it seemed to her that those lights had been stars of hope --hope that was now cruelly vanishing.  She had pitted Kit Bridger not only against the people of the town--the jailer, the sentinel sure to be outside-- she had also pitted him against Yznaga and all his men. Wrapped in her terror and pity for Lin, she had thought of     nothing else. But now she did think most fully of Kit Bridger's side of the game, and it suddenly came upon her like a chill wave how right her father had been!  She and Kit were sitting on the ground beside each other, leaning against a ledge of rock. One small hand flew out in the starlit darkness and caught Bridger's hand in a quick, con- vulsive clasp. Her sweet voice, hoarse with anxiety, murmured brokenly, star- tling him by its emotion. "I'm sending yuh to yore death. It's all useless and terrible. Lin brought this on himself. I see now how right Dad was. There's no use in yore dying, too.. . Let's turn back!"  Bridger knew instinctively that she was not thinking of herself. In all the misery and distress she had suffered during the past days, her frantic anxiety had been always for someone else. Bridger's arm went round her, crush- ing her close to his side. His own voice was hoarse with feeling. "Molly, I never dreamed of a girl like you. But quit worrying. Believe that I'll put it through. And if I don't ..."  "And if yuh don't!" She shivered.  . . then remember yore promise to me," he said. "Yuh'll cut out for home as fast as ever Ace can carry yuh."  ANOTHER hour! And now the sentinel at the jail sullenly wondered why the relief on his beat was late. Was Juan drinking again? Had he forgotten he was due here, now? If only this gringo dog, there in the jail, had been shot at once, as he should have been, the jail would have been empty and no sentinel work would have to be done.  His reflections were broken by the clear call of a quail which came from a fringe of bushes near the broken-down wall of the jail yard. Something must have disturbed the bird to make it call at night, thought the sentinel. If only it would come into the open and he could see its small body moving along, he might be able to kill it with a rock; he was very fond of quail. He wouldn't dare to fire at it, for that would alarm the town.  He moved a little nearer to the fringe of bushes, his whole mind bent upon get- ting the quail which had come so op- portunely to break the maddening mo- notony of his beat. The quail whistled boldly. It was coming nearer still.  Softly he laid down his rifle and reached for a small stone. Then, as he flattened out on the ground like a dead bat, astride of him dropped Kit Bridger, warning him in Spanish not to utter a sound.