92 CLIFF WALTERS   > but I'm afraid that, whatever I think about him, he isn't quite so fond of me as he appeared to be at first. Let's just forget it, for a little while at least. That trouble last night upset everyone, it seems. I'll get into my riding togs and--"  Turk Powell came riding up to the porch then. Tipping his hat, he said, "I'm here to apologize to you, Eileen, for saying what I did last night. And to tell you, Frosty, that the fence is broke down in the pasture where you keep the little bunch of purebred white faces."  "Hell!" Clark growled. "We can't have them mixin' with the range cattle. Well, we'll have to postpone the trip to town, Eileen. I'll use the house for a bank today, I guess." He started in- doors.  "Anything I can help with, Turk?" asked the girl.  "An extra rider could help round up them strayin' purebreds, all right. They're already in the rough country to the west of the pasture."  "I'll help then."  Eileen hurried inside, changed to her riding clothes and was at the corral almost as soon as her uncle was.  "Didn't Turk wait?" asked the girl.  "No time to wait now."  The girl and her uncle rode toward the upper valley. They were crossing a ridge when Eileen said, "Look!" She was pointing toward Horseshoe Springs. But there was no cabin there now. Only a charred spot where it had stood. And half the corral was charred wreckage.  Before Frosty Clark chose to com- ment on what he saw, a rider came over the ridge. He was Dave Mayland, still stern of jaw, and with the battle smoul- dering in his blue eyes.  To Clark he said, "I don't see you sheddin' any tears over what you see, Clark. I guess I made a mistake last night when I said in front of you that I was takin' my broken-armed kid brother to town." Those words were arrows sped from the taut bow of hate.     "Hold on, Mayland," Clark growled. "I didn't set no fires last night. I was at home and-- Well, ask this girl."  "Why bother askin' her?" came the reply. "She probably don't want her rich uncle stuck behind bars--where he deserves to be a lot more'n old Moccasin Shaw. Nope. You ride to town with me, Clark. Now!"  "I can't right now, and I wouldn't anyhow! If you're pullin' a trick of some kind, Mayland, to get me behind bars--show me up as a cabin-burnin' crook and force me to drop charges against your uncle--"  "So you won't come to town, eh? Well, you'll come later."  "My uncle didn't burn your cabin!" Eileen said sharply. "He was at home all last night, and this morning too!"  "Was he?" Dave Mayland answered. He touched spurs to his horse and rode on down the valley.  "Come on, Eileen. Let's get them cattle rounded up!" said her uncle. "Don't fret about Mayland."  Troubled, the girl followed her uncle. The two of them were heading into the rough country west of the purebred pasture when, again topping a ridge, Frosty Clark froze in his sad- dle and pointed down valley. Eileen stared, gasped as she saw a cloud of black smoke rolling up into the sky-- above the spot where the JY ranch buildings were located.  "Dirty damned tribe!" Clark spurred his horse toward home, with Eileen spurring after him. But it was quite a long ride. The house was a roaring inferno when the two riders were still a mile away. They could only spur on and watch it burn.  "My clothes. All I've got!" cried the distraught girl.  "Yeah--clothes!" her uncle yelled. "What about that fifteen hundred cash?"  "Oh, heavens!" she moaned. She hadn't thought about that.  Once on the scene, it was all Eileen and Clark could do to save the barn and other buildings toward which