114 RANCH ROMANCES    mount in front of the general store. As he looped one rein about the hitch-rail the screen door at the top of the steps was pushed open and held by a cowboy whose face was wreathed with smiles as he bowed awkwardly to the girl who emerged, several parcels in her arms.  "Thanks, Bud," she said, her voice like the unexpected chiming of a silver bell on clear morning air.  Already Brady's glance was unobtru- sively enveloping her, not a contour of her lovely features and graceful figure escaping his eye. Soft tendrils of brown hair with bronze high-lights evaded the confinement of her straw hat, the brim of which was cleverly turned back to frame the sweet oval of her face.  Thick lashes, exactly matching the curls which caressed her forehead and half concealed the pink-lobed ears, fringed eyes of so brilliant a blue that Brady could think of nothing in the world to match them. Her whole being radiated daintiness, the clear skin, just lightly touched with tan, the hands that were graceful and dimpled without be- ing too small, the high-arched feet.  As she descended the steps her glance passed lightly over Brady, meeting his eyes for just an instant, to leave him with a breathless, helpless feeling. The cowboy she had called "Bud" was already clattering down the steps to follow her to an automobile standing at the end of the hitch-rack. He opened the car door, giving clumsy assistance with the parcels, but his only words were "Good-by, Doreen," as she drove away.  Not until girl and car disappeared around a corner, did Brady Wilson re- cover his powers of locomotion suffi- ciently to mount the steps and pursue his original intention of entering the store to make some inquiries.  "Doreen!" he exclaimed, under his breath. "Sounds as pretty as she looks. I'll sure stay around here, if I have to hold some rancher up for a job!"  Abel Barnes was more than willing to dispense information while he weighed out sugar and wrapped parcels     for the group around the counter. But he shook his head lugubriously at Brady's questions.  "Ain't heard of anyone wantin' a cowpuncher," he wheezed, peering sharply at Brady from little eyes al- most smothered with fat. "But here comes Jordan Gates--he's foreman for the Cross Bar, over Temeech way-- he'll know if any of them ranchers are short a hand."  Brady Wilson didn't care for the ap- pearance of the slender, self-assured fellow who pushed open the screen door with the manner of one who ex- pects to command instant attention from all and sundry. He favored Brady with a supercilious glance, turning back to give him a cool stare as the storekeeper put a question.  "No," Gates drawled. "There isn't much demand around here for drifting cowpunchers." There was almost a sneer in the words.  Straight and steady, Brady's gray eyes looked into the greenish ones set in the narrow, closely shaven face of the Cross Bar foreman. Then, without comment, he swung around to a man standing nearby to engage him in a dis- cussion of the surrounding country. Instantly Jordan Gates betrayed hostil- ity. The manner of the stranger had too openly disregarded him, scorned his importance. Any retort would have been less exasperating than this calm ignoring of his presence.  The antagonism between the two men was mutual, with this difference-- Brady Wilson actually dismissed Gates from his thoughts, but the latter held a rancor so lively that it demanded some outlet.  Since it was Saturday a number of ranchers were in town, but none was in need of a rider. As he strolled about, Brady again encountered the cowboy he had first seen on the steps of the store. From him, by diplomatic ques- tions, was extracted the information that the girl who had driven off in the car, was Doreen Landis. That was all. Brady was too sensitive to his own