LOBO LAW    frame, hard enough to tumble her high- coiled hair into loose disorder. He held her so she couldn't dodge his passion- pouted lips. But the kiss was brief. . . .  Rennevant grasped Hallmark's shoulder, jerked him around and bashed his nose with a short-arcing jab. Then, as Hallmark cursed and grabbed for his gun, Rennevant hit him hard on the chin.  The Double D foreman forgot about his gun. He staggered back in loose-jointed confusion. He ducked Rennevant's next blow and took a teetering step sideways, like a drunkard at a dance.  "Fight, you lady-chasin' dude!" Renne- vant growled contemptuously.  His hate was a flame inside him, a high, hot flame that turned him savage. He rushed Hallmark with both fists, battered down the guarding arms and smashed him in the face. Hallmark's knees sagged and he started to go down, but Rennevant reached out and grasped the front of Hall- mark's shirt. He punched him in the stomach, propped him up and punched his slack-lipped mouth. Then, deliberately measuring Hallmark's bloody, blank-eyed face, Rennevant hit him with a long loop- ing right flush to the jaw. Whereupon Whitey went down--and out.  For a moment the silence was broken only by the girl's soft sobbing. She was small and dark-haired with a graphic, girl- ish beauty. She stared at Hallmark's mo- tionless form as if still fearing him. Then she glanced at Rennevant and said, "He did the same thing last week. I didn't tell my husband, but I will now."  Rennevant wiped his bloody knuckles on his pants. He stooped down, unbuckled Hallmark's gun gear and handed it to the girl. "A gun and bullets make good com- panions when you're alone," he said quiet- ly.  The girl was trembling, so near physical exhaustion that the holstered gun and belt seemed almost too heavy for her to hold. She said, "Thanks for your help," and smiled up at him through tear-misted eyes. "Thanks a lot."  "Who is your husband?" Rennevant in- quired.      LEARN Electricity 12 Weeks Shop Training Acutal Work On Motors, Generators, Engines, Etc. PREPARE FOR A GOOD PEACE-TIME JOB . . .THAT IS ESSENTIAL NOW! Mail coupon today for details of my famous Coyne "Learn by Doing" method of practical shop training that prepares you for a good war- time job with a real future after the war-- in Electricity, the big-pay field. Serve your country now by getting a training and at the same time you will be helping yourself by prepar- ing for a peacetime future. Age or lack of money need not hold you back. I'LL FINANCE YOUR TRAINING Get training first; then take 12 months to complete small monthly tuition payments starting 60 days after your train-ing period is over. "LEARN-BY-DOING" AT COYNE Coyne Training is practical training, easy to grasp ... you learn quickly by doing actual jobs on real electrical machinery in my shops. Not by correspondence--you are trained right here in my big Chicago training shops. You don't need pre- vious experience or advanced edu- cation. Expert instructors guide you every step of the way. NOW! RADIO and ELECTRONICS INCLUDED AT NO EXTRA COST Now I am including with my regular electrical training a special course in Radio and Electronics, at no added tui- tion cost. You can remain at Coyne after finishing your Electrical training, and take this extra course for extra opportunities now and after Victory. MEN with phy-sical hanicaps -- we have facilities for you. Ask for details! Earn While Learning --Job Help When Trained If you need part-time work to help with living expenses while at Coyne, we'll help you get it. After graduation you will be given FREE JOB SERVICE for your lifetime. MEN! WHETHER YOU ARE 16 OR UP TO 50--GET MY STORY My FREE BOOK will interest any fellow who wants to get ahead even though he may have but very little money . . . Fill in the coupon today and mail it to me and you'll get my big FREE Catalog and all the facts. H. C. LEWIS, President COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL 500 S. PAULINA ST. CHICAGO 12, ILL. H.C.Lewis   H. C. LEWIS. President, Coyne Electrical School 500 S. Paulina Street, Dept. 24-66, Chicago 12, Ill. Send me, without obligation, your Big Free Book. Tell me about the extra RADIO-ELECTRONICS COURSE included with Coyne Electrical Training and give details of "Pay-Tui-tion-After-Graduation" Offer. NAME ADDRESS CITY.....STATE     Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 105