146 RANCH ROMANCES    and Babs could come back now and have that cabin."  "Well, seein' you've promised it to them, I reckon you'll have to see it through."  Kay smiled at Aunt Kate's hurried change of tactics as she saw herself transferred from the comfort of her pres- ent quarters to the rigors of pioneer life in a cabin.  "How about that timberland you were thinking of buying the last time you were here?" Josh Hastings' tone was elaborately careless as he put this ques- tion, but his eyes were alert as he stud- ied Kay's expression to try to discover whether or not Scrap Johnson had told her what his errand to town that day had been.  The fact that Kay had come over to the Flying Six would seem to indicate that she had not discovered his effort to double-cross her, but Josh Hastings was eager to get this point cleared up. If Scrap had told her, he'd have quite a bit of explaining to do, and he had a plausible yarn all ready. But if she knew nothing about it, his best line was to let well enough alone.  "Oh, yes; I was telling you about that!" Kay met his glance with wide- eyed innocence. "I bought it up; in fact, one of my punchers was in town attending to it for me that afternoon I was here. Didn't I mention it?"  "No, you didn't." Josh Hastings' ef- forts to conceal his feelings were less successful than Kay's, and she smiled inwardly with wicked satisfaction at his disgusted tone.  "Well, if you take my advice, you'll sell out while you've got a chance," Aunt Kate put in her word. "Josh Hastings, here, is giving you the best offer you're likely to get."  "Perhaps." Kay turned to the door to hide the flash of anger she felt against her aunt for being such an easy tool in Josh Hastings' hands. "I'll have to be getting back now."  "I'm going with you," Josh Hastings announced.  "No; you mustn't!" Kay expostulated,     angry at herself for not having fore- seen this outcome of her visit. "I'd rather go alone. It's moonlight, and I'm not the least bit afraid."  "That's not the point." Josh Hast- ings reached up for his hat and coat. "I'm doing this for my own pleasure."  Realizing that she was fairly caught, and that to protest any further would be to attach undue importance to the situation, Kay gave in as gracefully as she could; and after saying good night to Babs and her aunt, the two started off together.  CHAPTER XXII Trapped Again  FOR some time Kay and Josh Hast- ings rode through the moonlight without saying anything. As he had in- sisted on coming, Kay decided to leave the burden of the conversation to him, and the magic of the night inevitably drew her thoughts to Ted.  The long rolling reaches of the mesa stretched out in a silver radiance before them, broken only by ghostly clumps of brush, with their weird, twisted shad- ows lengthening in the moonlight. If only Ted had come when he had said he would, she would be taking this ride with him instead of Josh Hastings, Kay reflected, with a renewed wave of dis- appointment. As though reading her thoughts, her companion suddenly broke the long silence, chiming in with what she was thinking with an uncanny in- sight.  "Your Aunt Kate was right about that Gaynor guy, Kay." His tone was full of a friendly protection. "There are a few things I want to tell you about him, and then I think you'll agree with her."  "Yes?" Kay waited non-committally for what he had to say, although her eyes held a hostile disbelief of anything it might be.  "I'm surprised that he'd have the nerve to come to any range where he knew I was," Josh Hastings went on. "But I reckon he won't stay long, even