WYOMING SEÑORITA    on foot behind that now impassable wall of granite.  Bitterness at the further delay drove all thankfulness for his narrow escape out of his mind. Heaven only knew how far he dared push through this wild unknown country at night! He would probably have to make camp in one of the canyons, if his hope of skirt- ing around to the back of this first rocky promontory and meeting the road again proved futile.  With a groan, Roy headed his car around one of the dunes on the left of the road and drove it behind a cluster of the gnarled pines. There he locked it and abandoned it, plunging at once up the shallow opening of a canyon that widened out to a sandy triangle with a thin trickle of water flowing to the ocean.  The going at first was easy, follow- ing up the creek bed, but as the twi- light deepened, the canyon narrowed to a seemingly impenetrable jungle of tough manzanita bushes and heaped boulders. After taking a header or two on the slippery stones, Roy was forced to accept the inevitable. To push on at night was the wildest folly! It would net him nothing but possibly a broken leg, if not a broken neck.  Realizing that it was too risky even to try to retrace his way back to the car, he picked out a fairly level spot by the creek and prepared to spend the night. The exhaustion and strain of the last two days made him relax in spite of himself.  Stretching out, Roy looked through the maze of leafy branches above him. Here and there the light of a star pene- trated and brought him a momentary comfort. Those same stars were shining on Dolores. At least he was within a few miles of where she must be! Though Diego had kidnaped her, she was better off than she would have been in Art Sampson's hands!  Panic pierced through Roy at the thought of the few hours he and Dolo-      If You Are over 40 YOU ARE FORTUNATE Today the middle-aged man has unusual opportunity. Business, industry and government want his experience and skill. Youth--called to the war--is no longer his competition. To the ambitious man, this is a challenge to serve his country now and to safeguard his future. He can create a permanent place for himself that in normal times his age would block. But he can't do it by merely wishing- he must work and fight for it, equip himself for these better jobs. And home study training can be a powerful aid. In his spare time, at low cost, he can get quickly the necessary knowl-edge and skill. Why not investigate? Ask today for our free 48-page booklet on the field of your choice. LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A Correspondence Institution Dept. 375-R CHICAGO. ILL.   I want to know whether home study training can help me. Send me your free booklet on the subject I have checked. □ Accounting □ Bookkeeping □ Foremanship □ Industrial Management □ Law: LL.B Degree □ Executive Management □ Traffic Management □ Butfness Correspondence □ Business English □Salesmanship Name.....Age Present Position Address     CHILDLESS Wives WHO WISH BABIES! Doctor's Information SENT FREE! Concerning simple way followed at home by which the female organs in relievable func- tional sterility may be assisted so that motherhood may then so often be easily pos- sible! YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND MAY LATER THANK THE DAY YOU SENT FOR THIS FREE INFORMATION. Women from over the Nation write us of their joy in becoming mothers at last! FOR FREE COPY write to Warner Co., 422 W. Lake St., Minneapolis, Minnesota.   Piles Try this Wonderful Treatment for Pile Suffering FREE If yon are troubled with itching, bleed-ing or protruding piles, write for a FREE sample of Page's Combination Treatment and you may bless the day you read this. Don't wait, WRITE TODAY. E. R. PAGE CO., Dept. 488A3, Marshall, Mich.   DICE CARDS Perfect Dice, Magic Dice, Magic Cards- READ THE BACKS- inks, Daubs, Poker Chips, Gaming Layouts, Dice Boxes, Counter Games, Punch-boards. WRITE FOR CATALOG TODAY FREE! Famouse Blue Book Catalog  K. C. CARO CO., 1225 W. Washington Blvd., Chicago, Ill.   POEMS WANTED Mother, Home, Love Sacred, Patriotic, Comic or any subject. Don't Delay- Send us your Original Poem at once- for immediate con-sideration and FREE Rhyming Dictionary. RICHARD BROTHERS 27 WoodsBuilding Chicago, ILL.   Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 131