20 ROBERT DALE DENVER    wound along a narrow ridge where the cliffs fell almost sheer on one side to descend into a deep gorge that he judged belonged to Dawn Canyon, home of the Garys and neighbor ranch- ers. Andy had mentioned a narrow precipitous-walled rock gorge called Gary Gorge.  By then the storm had rumbled away, leaving wispy clouds which allowed enough light for travel at a lope, the clattering of the horse raising an up- roar that filled the canyon.  Ahead finally he saw the first sign of habitation, a light. Closer he could make out the dim outlines of building and corrals, huddled on a bench a little back from the steep-walled trench through which he rode. This must be a ranch of one of the Gary families; and if the Garys were as quick to shoot as the Cross Seven riders, it might be a ticklish matter to ride up to the place.  Roane found, however, that riding up to the ranch was not simple. He was halted suddenly by an obstruction, a ten-foot fence of poles and wire, stretched between the cliff walls. There was no gate that he could discover. Half a dozen dogs had started a furious barking above him. He raised his voice in a hail that was drowned out by the animals. After repeated shouts he was answered by a mellow, "Hello," which floated from some point below the house.  "You Garys!" he shouted. "I want to come up and talk to you. I've got word for you."  "Come up, but come alone," came the reply. "You can get through on the left. We'll open up for you."  The dogs were called off, and a small section of the fence next to the cliff lifted, leaving a space wide enough for a horse and rider to pass through. Some mechanical device, Roane guess- ed, operated by a rope or wire from a distance. After he had ridden through, the gate dropped again with an ominous clatter. He was still in a rocky trough, some thirty feet deep.  "What do you want and who are     you?" demanded the mellow voice com- ing from the top of the cliff.  "I've brought news of a young fellow named Tom Gary, and I've come to ask about a man named Carvel. Myself, I'm a stranger here--Roane Brandon. I came to this country to buy horses."  "All right. Leave your horse and walk on up to the house. You'll find a foot trail a little to your left."  He found it, a series of steep steps and, dismounting, climbed to it, to fol- low a path toward the lighted house. As he approached the building, a door opened and a man appeared and in- vited him to enter. Inside he found himself in a comfortable, well furnished ranch house. The rancher was a tall, oldish fellow, long-faced, with a bushy mustache the shade of bright wheat straw, and mild blue eyes.  Two men had followed Roane up the path and now came into the house. They were young fellows, resembling Tom Gary; either his younger brothers or cousins, Roane guessed.  "You have news of Tom, you said," remarked the older man.  "Yes. He met some rider tonight on the rim of Dusk Canyon not far from the Cross Seven; got shot," Roane said briefly. "I heard the shooting and found him lying there with a hole drilled in him--just below his shoulder. We put him in a shelter off the road and looked after him as well as we could."  The older man shook his head. "Shot, is he? I'm his father--Clayton Gary. These are his brothers, Ed and Lee. The four of us batch here together. Where did you say he was?"  Roane detailed the location more fully and explained how he had found the wounded man and with the help of Jean Carvel got him to shelter. And he told also that Dan Carvel had headed the previous day for the Gary ranch to hunt for his stray horses.  "Carvel never arrived," said Clayton Gary. "I'm afraid that what happened to Tom may have happened to him. Those Cross Seven gunmen that Tem- ple and Threllen have hired shoot on