L. ERNENWEIN    Eye-Glasses as Low as $2.95 Newest Styles! Try by MAIL SEND NO MONEY! Test Your Own Sight At Home With Our New Patented Sight Tester. 16 Days' Trial Offer MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION If you're not 100% satisfied with glasses we make we'll refund every cent yog pay us. Repairs; 48 Hr. Service Write TODAY for FREE catalog, scientific test chart. U.S. EYE-GLASSES CO., 1557 Milwaukee Ave., Dept 3-13, Chicago, Ill.   Getting Up Nights Makes Many Feel Old Do you feel older than you are or suffer from Getting Up Nights, Backache, Nervousness, Leg Pains, 'Dizziness, Swollen Ankles, Rheumatic Pains, Burning, scanty or frequent passages? If so, remember that your Kidneys are vital to your health and that these symptoms may be due to non-organic and non-systemic Kidney and Bladder troubles-- in such cases Cystex (a physician's prescription) usually gives prompt and joyous relief by helping the Kidneys flush out poisonous excess acids and wastes. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose In trying Cystex. An iron-clad guarantee assures a refund of your money on return of empty package unless fully satisfied. Don't delay. Get Cystex (Siss-tex) from your druggist today. Only 35c. Cystex Helps Flush Kidneys   In Every Issue of Field &amp; Stream A maginficent new painting of our American Game Birds by Lynn Bogue Hunt, with de-scriptive text by Ray P. Holland. Field &amp; Stream is America's Number One Sportmen's Magazine. Every month it is packed with where-when-how-to-do-it infor-mation about the outdoors. Its job is to inform and entertain the angler and gunner, dog lover, camper, and boat enthusiast- to discuss his sport authoritatively, interestingly and enter-tainingly in every issue. 25c a copy on all good newsstands   Do you want to STOP TOBACCO? Banish the craving for tobacco as thousands have. Make yourself frree and happy with Tobacco Redeemer. Write for free booklet telling of in-juruous effect of tobacco and of a treatment which has re-lieved many men. 30 Years In Business FREE BOOK 600 Clayton Sta., St. Louis, Mo.       CHAPTER XII "And a Lot of Dying!" AT TEN o'clock that night Sheriff Shumway and Red Haggin rode leg-weary horses into San Sureno and reported to their boss. "Somebody tipped Rennevant off," Shumway declared. "He'd left the livery rig and was hossback when we went up Sashay Ridge."  "Did you get him?" Bannerman de- manded.  The sheriff shook his head.  Bannerman slammed a half-smoked cigar into a cuspidore. "So Rennevant got away again!" he roared. "Three to one, and you let him slide through your fingers!"  "Somebody warned him we was comin'," Shumway alibied. "What of it?" Bannerman demanded.  "You got close enough to see him, didn't you?"  Both men nodded, at which Diamond Dan exclaimed, "What the hell you think I'm paying you big wages for--just to fan- cy dance through the hills admiring your shadows?"  Then he asked, "Where's Gallego?"  "We split up," Shumway explained, "tryin' to cut Rennevant's trail. Never did see Turk after that. We even stopped by the ranch, but he didn't show there neither. Whitey told us Rennevant jumped him from behind, beat hell out of him and took his horse. Whitey's face is a mess, and he blistered his feet all to hell, walkin' home."   "By God that's good!" Bannerman shouted. "Half my crew riding the hills and Rennevant makes monkeys of them all!"  "There's a thousand places for a man to hide in," Shumway protested. "You got to give us time to hunt him down, Dan."  Shumway's pride was hurt, and he showed it. But Red Haggin took Banner- man's denunciation with stolid indifference. "Somethin' queer about that Gallego ga- loot," he said. "Turk had a Winchester, but he never fired it at Rennevant. He  114 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements