SKYLINE TRAIL 111    couldn't be more than an hour ahead. Her firm little chin set as she pulled her sixgun from its holster and made sure it was fully loaded. Dusk overtook the girl in a shallow valley, cut by deep arroyas. Snide Felton and his out- fit were still traveling west, straight toward Mule River ford, beyond which they'd be safe in the San Simeon bad- lands.  For years those badlands had been a favorite hiding place for thieves and rustlers. There were countless hide- outs, tiny springs in oasis-like ravines, where a small gang could hole up in- definitely, so well hidden they need not fear the law.  Darkness came down swiftly, yet still Fran kept on. And then suddenly she jerked the bay to a stop. Some distance ahead, through screening trees, she caught the glimmer of a campfire. The girl's heart began to race. She couldn't tackle that camp alone. But she might slip up under cover of darkness and se- cure White Arrow while the others slept!  Fran tied her bay among scrub juni- pers and crept forward, the pounding of her heart a clamor in her ears. The top of the covered carnival wagon showed against a dark backdrop of trees. Between it and the fire moved old Tanya, busy at supper prepara- tions. But that which riveted Fran's gaze was Snide Felton at the front of the wagon where White Arrow and two other horses munched grain from nose bags. Felton, busy with paint can and brush, was covering the Arrow's beau- tiful white coat with drab gray!  Fran's lips tightened. So that was why the outfit had risked a campfire this first night. Felton needed its light to effect that camouflage! From a dis- tance, or the air, White Arrow would soon be just another horse, his coat blending with surrounding rocks and brush.  A good thing she'd discovered Fel- ton's trick, thought Fran. She started to turn, but suddenly a hard blunt ob- ject prodded the small of her back.     "Lift 'em!" hissed a voice, as a hand clamped on her gun.  Fran froze. So intent had she been on Snide Felton that she'd forgotten about Jud.  "Come along!" the latter chuckled exultantly, pushing her toward the fire. "Hey, Pa! Look what's caught up with us!"  Snide Felton jerked erect, pale eyes flaring. "So!" he spat. "You alone, girlie?"  "She's alone," snickered Jud. "I been scoutin' round the camp like you said. Finders keepers, eh, Pa?"  Fran swung around, brown eyes blaz- ing. "You don't dare keep me pris- oner!"  "Who's a-goin' to stop us?" sneered Snide Felton. "Reckon we'll turn you loose to bring the law after us?"  The girl was about to flare back, to tell him that Sheriff Bronson was fol- lowing her, that tomorrow Boyd Han- ley's plane would be scouring this coun- try from the sky. And then she clamped small white teeth into lower lip. Better to keep still; better to sub- mit peaceably and wait.  That night she lay in the wagon box, one wrist linked to old Tanya's, the other to the heavy wagon wheel. Fran slept but little, her thoughts busy with the morrow and that moment when Sheriff Bronson or Boyd Hanley would discover the carnival outfit traveling toward the badlands. Even with White Arrow camouflaged, Boyd would inves- tigate and signal their location to Bronson.  It was noon of the following day that the Feltons halted in a deep arroyo, with old Tanya making coffee over a little oil stove in the back of the wagon. Not since that first night had Snide Felton risked a fire.  While they were on the move, Fran rode in the wagon, jolting over rocks and ruts. But at meal time she was allowed to walk about and help old Tanya, under the steady surveillance of Snide and Jud Felton's eyes. There was something in the latter's envelop-