SKYLINE TRAIL 107    a bit of fun. Fran was about to swing aboard her bay and start for home, when she saw an old woman in faded gypsy dress come out of the carnival tent. Huge earrings dangled from her ears, but that which riveted Fran's at- tention was a big snake coiled about the woman's neck. The reptile lifted its ugly head, then slid like quicksilver along its bearer's arm. Fran moved clos- er, drawn by a sort of horrified fascina- tion. The carnival woman looked up.  "You like my leetle pet?" she smirked with a grin.  Fran shuddered. "How can you stand it about your neck?"  "Ah, but ees he not a pretty neck- lace? See, how he glistens in the sun." The woman handled the snake deftly, to show off its colors. "But come. You shall see all of Tanya's pets."  "You--you're a snake charmer?" questioned the girl, a swift repugnance in her eyes.  "But yes. For many years Tanya have love the snakes and they also have love her." The old woman turned and lifted the tent flap. "Come. You shall see."  "Tanya!" snarled a masculine voice inside the tent.  The old woman stiffened, a swift fear in dark eyes.  "Tanya! Come here!"  "Wait," muttered the old woman to Fran, and disappeared behind the tent flap.  Fran hesitated, then suddenly came that same snarling masculine voice from inside. "You old hag! The only time people see them snakes is when they're payin' for it! We ain't givin' no free shows!"  A moment later Tanya reappeared, a sullen fear in wrinkled face. "Eef the leetle lady come back tonight, then will I show my pets," she mumbled.  "No thanks. You tell Snide Felton I've seen all of his show I care to." Without further words, Fran swung aboard her bay and heeled him swiftly down the street. Somehow the air seemed cleaner away from that shabby     carnival tent. And to think the Fel- tons had wanted to buy White Arrow!  Fran's repugnance lasted until she reached home shortly before sundown. Old Paddy McGrew was puttering about the Lazy Q corral, brushing White Arrow's satiny coat and patient- ly waiting for supper. Paddy, Irish as the proverbial shamrock with his gray- streaked hair and turned-up nose, had been hired by Fran as man of all work, but had delegated himself her guardian as well.  "That there range seeder was here this afternoon," he stated, stretching a diminutive five feet four to comb White Arrow's flowing mane.  Color spilled into Fran's cheeks. "You mean Boyd Hanley, the flyer?"  "Yeah, I reckon. Leastways he was wearin' a pair of them little silver wings on his lapel."  A smothered pulse beat in Fran's throat. "What did he want?"  "Nothin' much. He hung around about an hour, watchin' me exercise White Arrow. Said to tell you he'd stop by in the mornin'." Old Paddy McGrew gave the albino's coat a finish- ing touch. "Jest how much d'you know about this here aviator, Miss Fran?"  Know about Boyd? Fran started to say that Boyd Hanley was the most ex- citing person she'd ever met, then changed her mind.  "Why--why, I know he has a gov- ernment contract for range seeding and that he plans to buy a new plane with the money he makes." Fran paused. "What makes you ask, Paddy?"  "I dunno." The old Irishman kicked diffidently at a pebble. "It's jest that a purty girl, without no father nor moth- er to look after her, has to be kinda careful of strangers."  Paddy in the role of Mrs. Grundy! Fran wanted to laugh, but knew the old cowhand's concern was born of loyalty and affection.  "That's all right, Paddy. You don't need to worry about Boyd Hanley. Now turn Arrow into his stall and get