DUCK SOUP 77    been a snifter of any mineral in that Blue Jay tunnel, but Coke Blevins smiled down his thin nose at them and showed them the ore right there in his pocket.  "You just wasn't smart enough to know molybdenum when you seen it," he said. Dark and gaunt he was, with quick black eyes, and anyone could see he was the brains and boss of that outfit. He was buy- ing up the water rights in the canyon below, which proved he really had something. And folks began to nod their heads and say he'd struck a stray vein like the big Gold Horn Mine down at Red Dirt that was a beehive of activity these days producing strategic minerals.  Docie cooked for the two men. Pop Haggerty said Docie was Coke's girl and he was so jealous of her he wouldn't even let her come to town. Well, he could keep her as far as Puck was concerned--no mat- ter if she was pretty with soft dark curls at the nape of her neck, soft brown eyes to match, and dimples that chased them- selves in and out of her cheeks. She wasn't good enough for Tug.  Puck had just reached this conclusion for the second time when crash, clatter! a noise from the kitchen reared her and Mike to their feet. Through the door their hor- rified eyes saw a sticky mess of pastry up- side down upon the floor. Joker's neck had been long enough to reach the shelf. Wedged by his middle in the window, he was trying to kick his way to the ground. He succeeded, muzzle dripping with red juice, and flakes of piecrust on his ears just as Mike Flannerty let out an Irish warwhoop and grabbed for his shotgun.  Puck had sense enough to jump on Prunes and whale him into action. Mike wouldn't care whose hide he peppered. Spat! went the shot among the trees. With a flirt of his white rump the elk disappeared over the hill. When Puck caught up with him he was licking his lips with satisfied grunts.  "Doggone you!" she panted, holding her cracked rib and wishing she had Mike's tongue for cussing. "Now look what you've done! Where'll we get our dinner?"  Joker's rascally eyes glittered. He thought he was smart, even had a notion of going back. If he did he'd be elk stew!     After all, she didn't want him shot. She tied her lariat to him, and taking a twist around the saddle horn hauled him stiff- legged up the road, which was hard on her lariat. She'd got to get her a new one; some of the strands on this were busting. "You better walk while you can," she ad- vised gloomily. "After you eat Tug's cook- in' you may not be able to!"  THERE was nothing to do but go on to the ranger's camp, for nobody else lived up on the mountain--except that Blue Jay bunch. The road circled into Wyoming before it passed another habitation. Puck's eyes narrowed. Why not eat at the Blue Jay? Docie Mitchell had brought a swell chocolate cake to the community picnic last spring before Coke had made her stay home. Puck's empty stomach set up a clamor. Pop Haggerty claimed he'd been shot at when he passed their place one day looking for a lost horse. Of course Pop was sour on them because they did all their trading at Red Dirt instead of at his store. "Dunno what they want of so much grub nohow," he grumbled. "They're allus a-peg- gin' over to Red Dirt." Rip Randall had said, "Folks has got a right to trade where they please and also to pertect their prop- erty--specially in wartimes." And he had ordered Puck to stay away from the Blue Jay.  But he wouldn't want her to starve to death!  Half a mile up the road she turned into the brushy hollow where the Blue Jay cabin stood. Boldly she opened the barbed wire gate and started in. Shucks, those signs weren't meant for a friendly caller. She'd bet Docie'd be glad to see. . . .  Zing! A bullet, uncomfortably close, whined past her ear.  Puck got out of there mighty sudden. From the safety of the ridge she looked back. No life nor movement was visible around the squatty brown shack in the gully. She was more scared than she cared to let on even to Joker, and she was good and glad to reach Tug's camp a short time later. His lookout station was right on top of the peak, but he had a little tent down