26 ROBERT DALE DENVER    a wild yarn," Temple said to Threllen. "He claimed he recognized Tom Gary. But what would Tom Gary be doing over here?"  "Someone from the Garys has been close to the ranch house several times in the last couple weeks," stated Threllen. "Twice I followed the tracks of a horse back to Gary Gorge." Fum- ing, Threllen glanced about the timber and at the rocky rampart in which Tom Gary lay. "I say Hake wasn't lying; he did shoot somebody. But what's become of Hake? All this don't look good to me. If Tom Gary was wounded and set afoot like Hake said, he's likely hiding somewhere around here. I'm going to have this mesa hunted over foot by foot. We'll locate him if it takes us all day." Threllen's voice held a stubborn determination. Jean realized that he meant what he said. Her heart beat fast. Tom Gary and his father were certain to be discovered.  The sky was clearing a little and the rain changing to a drizzle. If Threllen kept his men circling here, combing the country thoroughly, they would be sure to come to the shelter. And that meant a gun battle which would end in both Garys being slaughtered. A desperate chance had to be taken to get them out of that danger.  Jean smiled at Fred Temple. A plan had flashed into her mind.  "I think if you don't mind," she said, "I'll move my wagon near your ranch this morning, Mr. Temple, and camp there until my father has been found."  Fred Temple positively beamed ap- proval of this. "Certainly," he said. "You're welcome to do that. But you don't have to camp. You'll be more than welcome as a guest in our house. My wife will be glad to have you," he added.  He glanced over Jean's head and frowned suddenly. "Why, there's Linda!" he exclaimed. "Followed us up here in this rain. What got into her?"     Jean turned also and saw the girl who had saved her father from a quirt- ing, riding toward the wagon. This morning Linda had discarded her side saddle and riding habit for jeans, a man's shirt, slicker and stock saddle. Jean noticed as the girl pulled up near the wagon that the pale face was tense, drawn, and the eyes were red as if from weeping.  Jean promptly poured a cup of steam- ing coffee and took it to the girl. Linda Stevens took it with a trembling hand. Fred Temple and Threllen had with- drawn a little distance to talk, which gave Jean her chance. She signalled to the girl to move her horse a few paces so that both she and Linda would be only a few feet from Roane Bran- don's hiding place--so close that he could overhear their talk.  "You know Tom Gary?" Jean asked directly.  The girl stared at her in wide-eyed surprise. "I know him, yes," she ad- mitted hesitantly. "I knew him years ago. He and his brothers came to our ranch to attend school."  "You don't hate him?"  The girl's fingers tightened on the handle of the cup. "No, I don't hate him," she said huskily. "But how do you know about Tom? You have seen him? Tell me what happened!"  "You're willing to help him?" per- sisted Jean.  "Yes, anything. Believe me, I'd do anything for him. I have to listen to Threllen and Temple and the rest talk of murdering the Garys, but I love Tom. He's been coming to the ranch secretly to see me, although each trip has meant risking his life. He was to come last night, but he didn't. Some- thing happened to him. At the ranch this morning I heard that Hake claimed to have shot one of the Garys --Tom, he thought. Tell me, what hap- pened?"  "Hake did shoot Tom Gary. Shot him from his saddle, but he's still alive. We've been taking care of him. He's not far away from here now. Too close