58 RANCH ROMANCES    Jones--probably some Mexican boy who had been hired to rustle the stallion. He called out impatiently, "Get up, yuh young coyote, and come here! I'm not goin' to hurt yuh, now I've got the horse."  The figure rose, came warily toward him. His amazement deepened as he saw the pale, tear-wet face of Molly Wardell.  Kit Bridger jammed his gun back into its holster and strode toward her. The two stood looking into each other's eyes.  "For Pete's sake!" he demanded roughly. "What's the answer to all this?"  "Lin's death," she answered, strug- gling against the sobs in her throat. "Now yuh've got the horse, he'll have to die."  "Where's the rest of yore gang?" His voice was harsh, angry.  "There never was anyone but me. No one else cared enough to take any risks."  "Yuh mean," he asked, his eyes widening in sheer amazement, "that yuh were going alone, with my horse, to swap him--or fancying yuh could swap him--for Lin Derry?"  She nodded assent. "It's all spoiled now," she muttered.  She swayed. He fancied she was about to fall, sprang forward and swept her into his arms with a rush of pitying tenderness. "Yuh brave little fool!"  The unexpected sympathy of his tone, the gentleness and strength combined in his clasp, suddenly weakened her gal- lant courage. Against her enemy's shoulder she rested quietly, too worn from the tense anxiety and fatigue of the past few days to marvel at her own reaction.  Her hat, held by its thong, had fallen back on her shoulder. Kit Bridger looked down on the ruffled glory of her hair. Her face was hidden now against his shoulder. Poor kid! She loved this Lin, he thought, as he himself had once idealized and loved a woman, only to find that love mocked and betrayed.  "Molly," he said gently, "we'll camp     here a bit. We both need some food, and here's a spring handy. Let's try not to think of anythin' right now but restin' the horses and gettin' a little grub our- selves."  She raised her head, nodded bravely, accepting with forced composure the task of helping him prepare the meal. She noted, with a bitter little sigh, that he had taken no chances on her grab- bing the stallion, after all. Both horses were hobbled and left to graze clean outside the mouth of the ravine where they could find sweet grasses along the meanderings of the spring's stream.  She felt revived and strengthened as the meal progressed, not only by the food and drink but by some subtle stim- ulus she felt from his presence. Kit Bridger himself was strangely dis- turbed. The charm and challenge of this girl, her amazing courage, her love- liness, stirred new depths in his being.  He had hated Lin Derry before, in an impatient, casual way; but now his hate of Derry was hot. That she should be willing to risk her life--and more than her life--for that savage-tempered, blun- dering fool! He said, a trifle hoarsely, "Did yuh fancy that if yuh delivered the stallion to Yznaga, you yoreself would be allowed to return home? A girl as ... as beautiful as you?"  "I didn't intend that the Mexicans should ever know I'm a girl," she said naively. "Can't yuh see how carefully I'm dressed to look like a man?"  "Yuh wouldn't fool any man with eyes in his head, Molly. Yo're femi- nine from the top of yore head to the sole of yore feet. It sings in that sweet voice of yores, and when yuh move--no man could be so graceful."  "You talk like that, who hate me?"  "I don't hate yuh. I wish I did. In that case I wouldn't mind yuh calling me what yuh've called yore father and all the men yuh counted as friends of yores--cowards. Yuh've no right to think them cowards because they didn't want to commit suicide, as you tried to do." He rose, commanding curtly, "Help me get up the horses! It's time to be