76 RANCH ROMANCES   Buck Mindon was young. His sal- ary as sheriff was small. His wife, should he take one, would have to do her own housework, would even prob- ably be left alone for days at a time on the little ranch where he lived. The life of a sheriff's wife is not easy. Doubtless he thought its work and worry would crush Connie, make her prematurely old. With a queer, old- fashioned chivalry he would not ask a toy, who looked as if a gust of wind might blow her away, to cook and scrub and mend for him.  Connie gritted her teeth. All she wanted was a chance to prove, with- out telling him so in words, that in reality she was both competent and as tough as horsehide.  She rode on down the canyon, eyes pensive, but with a firm set to her soft round chin. In a few minutes she was in front of Frenchy Arnot's cabin.  The cabin, a one-room affair, was lo- cated about fifty yards to one side of the trail, and almost completely hid- den behind great clumps of alder and willow. Smoke curled lazily out of the stone fireplace chimney.  With a start of surprise Connie noted a rangy, deep-chested gray mare browsing lazily on an oak bush a few yards away. The horse was a magnifi- cent specimen of the mountainbred animal that can hold a long, swinging gait for hours over steep, rocky trails, and never tire. Connie was sure she had never seen her before. Her flanks were wet with sweat, and saddle marks still showed on her back; but she showed no other signs of fatigue. She was not tied, and she circled war- ily as the girl rode near.  Who could the visitor be? Certain- ly no passing cowboy--on a mare. Frenchy had no friends except Con- nie and her father. Was it possible that. . . .  Without quite knowing why, Con- nie felt a strange pang of apprehen- sion. She slipped down from the sad- dle and walked to the door.  Nobody answered her gentle knock.     She glanced at her watch. It was nearly noon. Frenchy would be com- ing in soon. He wouldn't mind if she went in and waited for him.  Quickly she opened the door. Inside all was cleanliness and order. A cheer- ful fire blazed merrily in the fireplace. Frenchy had not been gone long. A strange, wet, leather jacket hung over the back of a chair before the fire, and again that sharp stab of fear gripped her.  She warmed herself before the fire for a few minutes and then began a restless pacing of the room. There was a small window in the back, with a green shade drawn tightly down to shut out the blinding glare of sun on snow. Before this Connie paused.  Impatiently she flipped up the shade and peered out the window.  She froze in her tracks. One hand crept to her throat, and she gave a low, choked cry.  Two men stood directly back of the cabin, not more than thirty yards away. One of them was old Frenchy. He stood in an attitude of pleading, grizzled face quivering, shaking hands outstretched. The other towered over him, dark-bearded face laughing, gun in hand.  At their feet was a newly dug hole in the ground about six feet long by three feet wide.  Connie shivered.  In the instant she stood there para- lyzed, a single shot rang out, and old Frenchy, a spot of red jumping sud- denly out on his forehead, crumpled to the ground.  Connie grasped the window ledge for support. The room whirled dizzily around her. Dry-throated, she tried to scream and made no sound.  Horror was succeeded by a fury of anger. Old Frenchy had been her friend. She'd get his murderer. She'd show him he couldn't get away with that. Stumbling blindly, she started across the room to the door, sobbing under her breath.  Halfway there she stopped. She'd