28 ELSA BARKER    frog out by the horse trough everything on the big ranch was still. Lucy shivered, only partly with the chill of night, remem- bering everything that had happened here in the past few months.  "Only as far as the horse trough," she objected. "No one can hear us from there."  "But they can see us. My gosh, Lucy, with that white nightgown sticking out from under your kimono, you might as well get out here and play a drum!"  Lucy shrugged. "I don't care who sees us," she told him coolly. "I'm not trying to hide anything."  To her surprise he gave in. "Okay, honey," he said softly as they walked along. "Whatever you say goes with me from now on. I'm a reformed character. I haven't taken a drink since the night I got here. I haven't bet a penny on anything in over two months. And I'll keep it up if you'll come away with me, marry me to- morrow. I've got money in the bank now."  Lucy stopped in her tracks. "Where did you get it?"  He couldn't quite look at her. He patted her shoulder. "Why, I saved the most of my pay in Santa Fe. You don't need to worry, Lucy. I give you my word of hon- or I haven't been gambling again."  "It's true then," the girl said quietly. "You took money for changing the official copy of a bill the legislature passed. These folks here were good to you, Clark. They got you a good job, they gave you a chance --and you sold them out!"  He caught her by the shoulders. "Lucy, how can you think a thing like that of me?"  But his words rang hollow and he seemed to know it. "I can't believe anything else, can I?" she asked quietly, and remembered with a sharp little pang when she had said those same words to another man.  Clark Bowles took a long breath. "No, I guess you can't. Because it's true. I did take a bribe. But Lucy, I wasn't quite as low as you think me. I didn't know that bill had anything to do with the Lucky Diamond. And I wanted the money for you. I thought maybe if I had a thousand dollars again, that you'd go back home with me."     "I never told you I wanted money, did I?"  He sensed the iron in her will, and the contempt in her voice broke him com- pletely.  "Lucy, I'm scared!" Now he sounded like the little boy she had played cops and robbers with when she was seven. "I-- I was a fool. A man can always see that after it's too late. He gave me the money-- and he was my good friend until after I changed the wording in that law for him. Now he's afraid maybe I'll get drunk some day and tell on him. He's cruel! He's ruthless--and I'm in his way now. And it's just as bad here on the Lucky Dia- mond. Walt Carmack would kill me on sight for what I did."  Lucy put her hand on his arm. Walt's not like that. Besides, he's away now. You don't need to be afraid of him."  He only shook his head, and she recog- nized the familiar signs of a stubborness that wouldn't yield to reason.  "Who were you talking about a minute ago, Clark? Who bribed you to change that bill?"  He shivered and looked uneasily over his shoulder. "I couldn't tell you that, Lucy. He'd kill you too!"  "Don't be silly! Nobody could hear us out here!"  But he only shook his head in that stub- born, frightened way.  "I've got to go away! Let's go to- night, Lucy. We could be married in Trin- idad in the morning!" Then as he saw her start to shake her head: "If you'll come with me, as soon as we're out of the state I'll write a letter--to Walt Carmack, or old Lucky Jim, or anybody else you want. I'll tell them everything."  She looked at him, pitying him for the frightened state he was in, pitying him for his weakness, feeling a strong pull to- ward him because he needed her.  "I don't love you any more, Clark," she said as gently as she could. "That's all over--for good!"  "Not for good!" he protested fervently. He reached for her again, but she stepped back and he let his hands fall to his sides. "I'll make you love me again, Lucy! I'll do everything you say. I'll never look at