12 RANCH ROMANCES    than those two brutes brought to jus- tice."  "They will be," declared Link. "Yuh said last night yuh thought yuh creased one of their broncs."  "Yes. I'm really sure I did. When I shot, the animal lunged and reared as though the bullet had burned it some- where."  Link got to his feet. "Well, that's somethin', anyway. I'll kinda go on a still hunt for a crippled hoss. Now, I reckon yo're anxious to hit the trail. I'll wash up these dishes an' help yuh pack."  Link got another surprise when it came to packing. He had known a good many men who understood the intri- cacies of a properly thrown diamond hitch, but Loma Carlyle was the first woman he had ever seen throw an ex- pert one. He knew that he couldn't have done better himself.  This charming girl, with her striking coloring of black hair and vivid blue eyes, grew more amazing and rose high- er and higher in his estimation with every passing moment. She was com- petent, handsome and possessed of ex- traordinary courage for one of her sex.  "This outfit shows a lot of hard use," he ventured. "Yuh've come quite a ways?"  "From Lee's Ferry."  Link whistled as he stared at her. "Clear across the Wild Hoss Badlands an' the Durango Desert?"  She nodded. "I'm used to hardship. I've had a lot of it."  Link swept off his hat. "Then mebbe yuh won't mind me sayin' that yo're the gamest an' most capable young lady I ever had the privilege of meetin'."  Loma colored, but said nothing as she swung into her saddle and gathered up the lead rope.  Link stepped back, his hat still in his hands. "Adios, Miss Carlyle. Foller the directions I gave yuh last night an' yuh can't miss Thunder City. My hoss is back where I bedded down. I aim to pick up the trail of them two killers an' foller it as far as I can. But I ain't hopin' for much. Mebbe yuh hit that     hoss more center than yuh thought an' it coulda played out somewhere along the line. I'll take a look-see, anyhow. Adios!"  THUNDER CITY hardly fitted its sonorous name. It lay in a long, verdant meadow, walled on all sides by the towering green of coniferous timber. East and west, this timber ran up and up in ridge and slope until it thinned out at snow-line, above which reared half a mile more of mountain, bare and precipitous for the most part, but crowned at last with eternal snow. These peaks, called East Cobalt and West Cobalt, were the absolute crests of the range.  To the north a stage road ran out of Thunder City. It wound along in lazy curves through the timber, climbing slowly up to Thunder Pass, whence it dropped down through zigzag and cut- back to the rolling rangeland beyond, leading finally to the town of Healy on the railroad. Forty-odd miles it was from Thunder City to Healy.  Perhaps a dozen people were visible when Loma Carlyle rode in, and every one of them stopped to stare at this vivid girl, riding alone with her pack horses. Most of the spectators were men, dressed in chaps, sombreros and spurred boots. But there was one stout, matronly-looking woman of early mid- dle age, seated in a home-made rocker on the porch of a tiny cabin, and to her Loma turned for information.  "I wonder if you could tell me where I could find Judge Reynolds?" she asked, smiling pleasantly.  The answering smile was genuine and motherly. "Of course. I imagine you'll find him in his office. That is the third building up on your right. If he isn't there, stop at the blacksmith shop. The judge and my man Jim do an awful lot of arguing over politics."  "Thank you."  Loma rode on, dismounting before the building designated. It was a large building, given over in most part to a general store. But one small corner of