HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 13    it held an office, over the door of which hung a sign:  Judge Thomas Reynolds. Attorney-at-law.  Loma knocked at the door and en- tered at a brisk bidding. Before a bat- tered old desk sat a round, white-haired, rosy little man, with twinkling eyes and cheery lips. As he beheld Loma he jumped to his feet, bowing low.  "I am happy to see you, madam," he chirruped. "I am Judge Reynolds. What can I do for you?"  "I am Loma Carlyle," she said quietly.  "Ah!" said the judge. "I am happy to see you. Won't you sit down?"  Loma took the chair offered and laid a packet of letters on the desk. "You'll desire proof, of course," she stated. "You'll find it in there."  The judge adjusted a pair of old-fash- ioned spectacles and buried his nose in the papers. For ten minutes not a word was spoken. Then he looked up and nodded.  "Not a question," he said. "I'm very glad you have come, Miss Carlyle. I feel now that I have discharged my debt to your uncle. Bert Mannering was a very good friend of mine. But I had begun despairing of locating you."  "I'm sorry. I was teaching school in a little out-of-the-way town in northern Arizona. It was only by merest chance that I ran across the personal advertise- ment in an old paper."  The judge rubbed his pudgy hands together. "Better late than never," he beamed tritely. "I suppose you wish to take over control of the inherited prop- erty immediately."  "I'd like to. I've come quite a dis- tance, and I'd like to get settled as soon as possible."  "Very well. It will take a few days to get the necessary paper work done, but there is no need of your waiting around until then. When all is in readi- ness I'll get word to you, and you can drop in any time then to close the mat- ter up. The ranch--your ranch now, Miss Carlyle--lies southeast of town, some fourteen miles. It is a valuable     inheritance, and one of great future promise. Your uncle's registered brand is the Bar C 88. I suppose you'll keep that."  "Yes," nodded Loma. "I see no rea- son to change. If it was good enough for Uncle Bert, it is good enough for me."  "That's common sense," approved the judge. "You'll find the ranch in good shape. Deuce Coburn, the foreman, is a capable man and has been very con- scientious over his responsibility since your uncle's death."  They discussed matters for nearly an hour. Then Loma thanked the judge and left.  Outside the office, she hesitated a mo- ment, then headed for the wide, dusky door of the store. There were several personal purchases she wished to make.  A rider was coming along the street towards her. His step was unsteady. Obviously he had been drinking. His eyes, bloodshot and set, were fixed on Loma and the impact of them sent a queer ripple of revulsion through her. She hurried her steps to gain the open door. But the rider anticipated the move and got there ahead of her. He blocked her way, teetering on his toes.  There was a depraved viciousness on his leering features, drink-sodden and brutal. Loma tried to slip past him, but he shot out a grimy hand and caught her by the shoulder.  "Not so fas', sister," he blurted. "Not so fas'. Lemme git a good look at yuh. Damn me fer a sheepherder, if yuh ain't a li'l' beauty. C'mon, smile fer me."  On the contrary, Loma's eyes turned violet and smoky with anger. She had met drunken men before and had been accosted by them, but never had one dared lay his hand on her. This fellow's touch made her flesh creep. She tried to jerk away, but the grip on her shoul- der tightened. The drunken leer became a grimace of anger.  "So-o--tha's it, eh?" the fellow snarled. "Think yo're too good fer Texas Jack to talk to, huh? Show yuh --bet I'll show yuh. Fer that yuh'll