80 LULITA CRAWFORD PRITCHETT    down. But she didn't want Docie to marry Tug! Near to tears, she looked at Tug and he was so hollow-cheeked and woebegone that she braced herself. Somebody had to do something! She swallowed hard. It might be--it just might be--Docie wasn't so bad as the rest of the Blue Jay ranch. For Tug's sake, and as a patriotic duty she'd investigate.  "I got to be goin'," she said abruptly. "Gee, I got to--" She fled down the ridge, flung herself on Prunes, and cut for the trail. Every jolt made her cracked rib hurt, but she had to hurry before she lost her nerve.  Joker evidently thought they were going back to Mike's for more huckleberries, for he lit out with a glint in his eye. Puck had to lariat him and tie him to a tree. He bucked and fought so that the frayed rope broke once and she had to waste time tying him again. "Don't you know Mike'd skin you?" she panted. "And I can't have you taggin' me to the Blue Jay. I got to sneak in somehow so they won't shoot at me."  She tied Prunes also, then hurrying on afoot, circled the Blue Jay fence well out of sight and crawled under at a brushy point to the south. Nerves a-prickle, she crept through the bushes, pausing every few moments to listen. Her plan was to follow the ridge till she could see the house and there to wait until she saw Coke and the old man go out to work the tunnel, as she was sure they must. Then she could slip down and talk to Docie alone.  Though everything looked peaceful enough, Puck was as jittery as Prunes when he smelled a bear. She couldn't smell anything nor see anything either, except yonder the narrow road leading down through the pines and the trail that had been cut where the telephone line ran. Kettle Creek housewives never could un- derstand the use of that telephone, for Docie didn't visit over the wires and Coke Blevins called Red Dirt only now and then to order stuff.  A vulture hanging high in the blue let out a scream that set Puck's hair on end. Shucks! Nothing could happen to her here in broad daylight except that the sun was blistering her and she was getting wild oats down her neck and in her shoes. She was     empty, that was all, and her rib hurt. This was her job and she'd do it--same as a soldier--for Tug's sake and the gov'ment's.  Now she was near enough to glimpse the house in the gully. It was a tumble- down place, but white curtains were at the windows and a wisp of smoke threaded from the chimney. Docie Mitchell would be the kind to have white curtains! Un- bidden to Puck's mind flashed an imaginary picture of Docie in the log cabin Tug was building. Docie, soft-eyed and happy, a born home-maker, setting a bunch of wild flowers on the table, feeding Tug scrump- tious chocolate cake. . . .  Puck shook the picture from her head. That wasn't the real Docie. The real Docie was sweet on the surface and rotten under- neath. She must be if she was Coke Blevins' girl. But Puck had to prove it, and she wished with all her soul the business was over. A long time she lay watching the house. When nobody appeared she inched forward, trying not to crackle the dry resin leaves.  THAT darn vulture circling and screaming-- Must be some carrion down there that he wanted and that was too big for him. The shrill bark of a woodchuck from dump made Puck jump a foot. In her nervousness she moved forward too fast and suddenly had to throw herself backward and grab at the bushes to keep from falling down a sheer ten-foot break in the hill. There right under her was the tunnel entrance! And backed up to it the old green truck! Above the thudding of her heart she heard Docie's voice, squeezed, unnatural, "You--you murdered him!" And she heard Coke's answer, raspy as a file, "He asked for it, didn't he? Got skeered and tried to git away in the truck when our partner at Red Dirt phoned the code signal the sheriff was comin'. That don't go, see? We stick together."  Puck's eyes bulged with horror. Sprawled face down beside the truck was Old Man Mitchell--dead!  Coke went on harshly, "We got enough ore here to keep us on easy street the rest of our lives. All we have to do is load it