126 MARIE DE NERVAUD   "Hell, I might as well tell you!" Bronc let out an oath. "Why should I help that torturing Sampson bully to get what he wants? Art's got his eye on that California cousin of yours you were telling me about!"  "How do you know?"  Roy and Tom exchanged a glance of approval at Jerry's well acted excited surprise, then strained their ears to hear every word.  "I wasn't sure when you were here before," Bronc went on. "I knew Art was after some dame, and when you was telling me about the Spanish beauty, I kind of put two and two to- gether. But I figured there was no use stickin' my neck out, so I kept mum. I'm ready now, though, to throw a mon- key wrench in Art's scheme."  "What in hell are you getting at?" Terry demanded.  "Like I told you, I overheard Joe and Art talkin' when they thought I'd passed out. Joe was trying to persuade Art to let the girl wait until they'd got the raids finished, but Art was plumb burnin' up with romance. He had it all figured out so he'd be as safe as a church. It appears there's a girl named Bess who has it in for Roy. She was crazy-headed enough to do any- thing to get even--especially if it got this other dame off the range. So Art put her up to getting the Spanish baby away from your ranch this morning, and then Joe and Art were going to nab her.  "Art had it worked out foxy enough to make a point of havin' the sheriff see him on his way to the early train, and tellin' him he was goin' off to Mon- tana on business for a couple of weeks. Then he was to rig up one of his dis- guises, board the train and get off at the next flag station, where Cal would be waitin' with a horse for him." He laughed again, breaking off with a curse of pain.  "Go on!" Jerry added his own curse.  "Well, Joe and Cal were here since you left. The dame never showed up! Joe's fit to be tied, because Art won't     give it up, but swears he'll get the girl tonight. Joe and Cal went to tell the other fellows the raids are off for a couple of nights. God, but I'd like to catch Art Sampson in a trap!"  "So would I!" Jerry agreed excit- edly. "We--"  "And so would I!"  Bronc gave a frightened curse at the sheriff's voice and sudden appearance in the mouth of the cave.  "What's more," Tom Crawford add- ed, as Bronc star-ed at him in speech- less stupefaction, "we will!"  Bronc came out of his stupor to burst into shrill hysterical curses at Jerry for bringing the sheriff there.  "Shut up, Bronc!" Tom Crawford ordered. "It's the luckiest thing that ever happened to you that Jerry did bring me to this hide-out. We're tak- ing you into town with us, see? And then we're going after Art Sampson. But one thing I want clear, or it will go mighty hard with you. Is this the truth, what you've been telling Jerry about Art's plans for kidnaping Do- lores. And is it true that so far, he has failed to do it?"  "It's true as far as I know," Bronc stammered. "I only know what Joe and Cal told me, but I don't see why they'd make up such a yarn for my benefit."  "They wouldn't!" Roy charged in and joined them, he winced as he saw the state of Bronc's feet, then added excitedly, "Where--"  "Let me do the questioning, Roy!" the sheriff broke in curtly. "You and Jerry keep still while I get this straight. You say, Bronc, that Art plans a kidnaping tonight?"  "That's what Joe said. There was no doubting that Bronc was telling the truth.  "O.K." Tom Crawford waved Roy and Jerry toward the opening of the cave. "I want to talk to you two out- side."  Once there, he motioned them away. "I don't want Bronc to hear us!" He led the way out of earshot of the cave. "You're a prize dumbbell!" He turned