50 RICHARD WORTHINGTON    ever had any reason for going there; and because the red clay soil that bottomed it wasn't to be found anywhere else for miles around, and made it seem unique and spe- cial, set apart just for them.  There'd been awful ructions when the Colonel had found them there one day; and he'd packed Rance summarily off to military school in Alamo for a year. Be- fore Rance could return, Grampa Jarrett, not to be outdone by any MacAlIister, had sent Julie to companion her aunt on the lonely farm.  Now the aunt was dead and Julie had come home. Rance was taller, a little, but his eyes still had that clear steadiness and his smile was still as warm and sunny as she remembered it. And standing there facing him, Julie's heart knew surely and strongly that nothing in her had changed either. She loved Rance still. She would always love him. It was nothing you could question or puzzle over. It simply was.  Rain gusted in under the portico. Rance stirred and his laughter seemed forced and nervous. "You'll drown out here," he said. Then he hesitated. "I guess you better come inside." He sounded a little dubious, and Julie sensed his mood instantly, the way she'd always been able to.  She put her hand swiftly on his sleeve. "Rance," she began, "our families--they're not still acting--foolish?"  He didn't really answer her. Just shrugged and twisted the door-knob. "Best come in, Julie," he said. And something deep in her chest went cold and stiff. She followed him inside.  THEY were all there, gath- ered about the big living room, as stiffly ranged as figures at a funeral. Their faces turned toward her as she entered. A tense, hos- tile little stir flickered around the room. The Colonel and Aran were playing at chess. Rance's two sisters were sewing by the big center table; their husbands and Aran MacAllister's son Tim were slapping cards into a hat. For a moment, everybody seemed to freeze, then the Colonel mut- tered something, and the two women flut- tered.     Tim MacAllister, rawboned and with eyes that never seemed quite to look at you, was the only one who really spoke to her at all. "Well, it's Julie, all right," he said with a grin. "Purtier than two pic- tures." The Colonel frowned; and Rance did, too.  Then Rance led Julie over to the fire and told them about her mishap. "I'm-- I'm grateful for your shelter," Julie said, frozen into stiffness herself. She stood with her back to the grate and glanced around the room. Everything seemed dimmed, impoverished. The insufficient fire didn't begin to cut the chill in the air. The low-turned lamps didn't dispel the thick shadows of the room's dim corners. The dresses of the two women were outmoded and oft-mended. Whatever else had hap- pened in the five years Julie had been away, the MacAllisters hadn't prospered. She wondered how things had fared up on the mesa.  She had never felt less welcome any- where in her life, and Rance's efforts to make conversation made it all seem worse. Julie was relieved when, after two sharp thumps on the panel, the door pushed open and Brade Barnett came towering into the room.  His eyes found Julie instantly and he held out both hands to her. His powerful bigness, the deep rich bronze of his face made the finer-moulded MacAllisters seem like waxen miniatures. He dwarfed them completely, blotting them out. All but Rance.  "I saw the rig in the road," Brade said. "I guessed you'd be here." He glared briefly around at the now openly hostile faces. "I guess you'd better come along in the wagon with me."  Julie glanced around the room, her eyes resting briefly on Rance's face. "Thanks for your hospitality," she said primly. "Rance, I--" Then she fell silent. The next move had to be his.  "Julie, we're--" he began, raggedly; then finished in a burst of defiance; "I have to see you, Julie."  Julie's smile was confident. "Of course, Rance. Any time you like."  "Not on the mesa, MacAllister," Brade said sharply, his face darkening. "You