118 MARIE DE NERVAUD    shook himself wider awake at her terri- fied expression.  "What in hell's the matter now?" he growled, getting himself hoisted up on one elbow. He wrinkled his forehead trying to make head or tail of the tor- rent of Spanish, then straightened in alarm as he caught on to the main theme of her tirade.  "Gone? Dolores isn't here? My God, I wish that girl would stop pull- ing a disappearing act! Shut up! For God's sake, let me think!"  His final yell brought Maria to a trembling silence, but she still kept her imploring hold on his arm. A blind instinct to save himself from a repeti- tion of the scenes he had gone through last night with Maria made him calm his excitement and hide his own alarm.  He nodded reassuringly. "Sí, sí! Bien--sí, sí!"  Maria drew a long breath and asked a question, which he gathered to mean did he know where Dolores was.  Again he nodded with a soothing, "Sí--sí mañana--"  The terror went out of Maria's eyes, and she gave a great sigh of relief. Bill motioned her to go back to the kitchen and let out a stentorian call for Jerry.  Maria shook her head, shrugged, and threw out her hands. "Nadie! Nadie!"  "Not back yet, eh?" Bill Granby frowned but still motioned Maria away. When she had finally backed out of the room, he let out a relieved, "Whew!" and settled back on his pillows to re- view this new development.  "Nadie!" He muttered an echo of Maria's last word. "That must be no- body. Reckon that means Pike hasn't showed up either. Damn it all! I'm hanged if I'll spend another night alone with that screeching hyena!"  A gleam of common sense broke through his despairing rumble of oaths. There was no point in letting himself get in the state he had been in last night. Dolores had said the sheriff was coming out. He had showed up evi- dently and wanted her to go in town     with him. She had probably left a note somewhere.  He was about to shout for Maria, then stopped himself. No sense start- ing that up again! If he got the idea across to her that he wanted her to look for a note, she'd fall to the fact that he didn't know where Dolores was, and the screeching would begin all over again.  Once more Bill gave way to a pic- turesque vocabulary that ranged from curses on himself for not having a telephone, to curses on Jerry and Pike for not getting back. Reverting finally to the one sensible solution, which was that Dolores had gone to town and left a note that he couldn't find until Jerry or Pike or some of the outfit came back to get him out of bed, Bill resigned himself to his inevitable role of in- action.  He ate the supper Maria brought him, then dropped off to fitful sleep. By the time morning came and there was still no sign of Jerry or Pike, Bill's philosophic resignation had about reached the end of its rope. He mo- tioned to Maria to put down the break- fast tray she brought him.  "Hi! Get me out of this damn bed and into my chair!"  To his grateful surprise, Maria proved to be stronger than she looked. By the process of much gesticulating, hauling and pulling, she managed to get him into his chair.  "Now, bring me that tray on the porch. I'll wheel myself out!"  Maria nodded her understanding, picked up the tray, and went out ahead of him. Bill wheeled his chair through the living room, eagerly scanning every possible place where a note might have been left.  Acute disappointment swept over him at not finding any, but he reso- lutely reasoned himself out of the growing anxiety that beat on his brain. It couldn't be long now before Dolores would show up! Or somebody he could send after her, if she didn't.  He was just finishing his breakfast