32 ROBERT DALE DENVER    place when they were about through. He did not eat; he only stared around the table at everybody from his bugged- out eyes, chuckling to himself occa- sionally. Linda was the only one who tried to talk to him, but he paid no attention to what she said.  Finally, with a sharp, sarcastic "Ex- cuse me!" he got up quickly and disap- peared.  Finished with the meal, the others went back into the hall-like room.  "I'll have to start back," said Jean, wanting desperately to leave.  "Nab and I will walk down to your camp with you," Linda offered.  "Do you think it's safe for you to go out at night, Linda?" asked Erica Temple. "Some of these Gary killers may be lurking around, waiting to kill you as they killed your father."  "I'm not afraid of the Garys, and I don't believe they killed Father," stated Linda, in a sudden flash of spirit. "They're not killers."  Both the Temples gazed at Linda, and in the silence a pin dropped on the tiled-in front of the fireplace would have sounded as loud as a shot.  Then, "You don't know what you are saying!" said Erica Temple, in a sud- den rage. "Defending your father's murderers!"  Linda Stevens had shown spirit against Threllen in compelling the re- lease of Dan Carvel, but now the flash of independence died swiftly and she seemed only to cower. "No, I don't know what I'm saying," she admitted tonelessly.  "We will forget what you said," said Erica Temple. "We know you are afraid; that these dark canyons terrify you. You must not forget what hap- pened to your father and you must hate these people who murdered him. They are your enemies," the woman went on, in her hard, smooth voice. "And we must be careful, dear, not to let fear get the best of us. Fear in your case is fatal. You know what it will lead to. You know your weakness. You must guard yourself."     "Yes, Aunt Erica," said the girl meekly.  "As for you, child," Fred Temple said to Jean, "I think you'd better stay here in the house; it's safer. Those horse-buyers--we don't know anything about them, and they are camped not far from you. I think you should stay here at the house, where we can look after you."  "I'd prefer to be in camp," Jean said calmly.  Temple glared at his wife, evidently blaming her for the girl's refusal to stay in the ranch house.  "Tomorrow we'll see what we can do in trying to find your father, my dear," he promised, and took one of her hands. Jean withdrew it, and shivered. More and more she disliked and feared this Temple.  Back at the Carvel wagon, Linda Stevens asked to see Tom Gary, if only for a moment. The wounded man was breathing hard, tossing about restlessly, muttering deliriously. Linda came back to the wagon with tears in her eyes. Nab, as a nurse, went to look at him and make fresh bandages for him. Then the two women returned to the ranch.  Andy Partle wandered down to Jean's camp. Roane had not yet re- turned from his search, he reported. Jean could see that the oldish man was worried.  CHAPTER VII Night Boat  ROANE'S partner was worried. And with good reason, certain- ly. Roane was in danger of being shot by both sides in the canyons off the Night River.  There had been no sign all day of Threllen and the riders that had been making a search on the mesa for Tom Gary. But now the cavalcade of riders