CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 21    sight anyone not belonging to their out- fit. But I can't understand what Tom was doing over on the Cross Seven to- night. He knew how dangerous it was to travel over there. But come in the kitchen; we'll have some coffee. Ed, you ride up and bring down your uncle. He's my brother and a doctor," he ex- plained to Roane.  In the kitchen Lee Gary made fresh coffee, warmed meat and biscuits. Roane ate, and told of the deal to buy horses from Fred Temple, omitting, however, any mention that the thousand dollars earnest money had been furnished by Margaret McNab living at the Cross Seven.  "I can't understand what got into Tom to go over in the Cross Seven neighborhood," Clayton Gary remarked again. "Did he say why he rode over there?"  "He was out of his head," Roane replied evasively. He surmised that Tom Gary had been riding to the Cross Seven to see Linda Stevens, but it was only a guess, and Tom Gary's private business besides.  "What's all this fighting over?" he asked.  Gary's face turned bleak. "God knows, I don't. I can't understand what happened to Addison Stevens who ran the Cross Seven until his health broke and his cousin, Fred Temple, came in. Addison was always friendly and cooperated with us--we Garys, our neighbors the Neils and McWhirters. We were all developing in these Can- yons of the Night what we think is the finest strain of Western cow horse-- rock and mountain horses. It was Addi- son's idea to cross Morgans with steel- dust strains to develop a cow horse that had a world of bottom and spirit, but wouldn't go crazy when roping like thoroughbreds do."  "I've seen some horses out of this country," stated Roane. "They were good ones."  "We've got hundreds of them, enough to make us all rich, if we'd gather them and break them. All of us     got along in here fine until Addison Stevens suffered a breakdown in health and the Cross Seven went downhill. Addison practically owned the ranch, except for a little stock owned by his half-brother, Hamlin. He borrowed money from Jim Coulter, the Hurley saloonman-gambler, and sold an inter- est in the ranch to his cousin, Fred Temple, who's one of these polo-play- ing sportsmen that think they know all about horses.  LINDA STEVENS  "Shortly after that Addison Stevens seemed to go plumb out of his head; accused us of wanting to kill him; claimed that some of us had taken pot shots at him. We couldn't make him believe otherwise, and then one day we found Addison with my nephew, Lane Gary, and one of the Neil boys--all three shot dead, evidently in a terrible gunfight. Since then there's been open war between us and the Cross Seven."  Clayton Gary got up and poured him- self another cup of coffee. "No telling where it will stop. And Tom shot to- night." He shook his head.  "They've gone crazy, that's what," he went on. "The whole Stevens fam- ily. A streak of insanity runs through the whole outfit. Addison's half-brother, Hamlin, has showed it all his life. Al- ways was an excessive drinker; my brother had to treat him after the big