MISDEAL 27    finally screwed up enough courage to sit up in bed. The noise that had awakened her had seemed to come from the window. The room was light with moonlight, but she could see nothing except the familiar shadows of the room's furniture.  Slowly she eased back against her pil- low, and after staring wide-eyed at the square outline of the window, her muscles relaxed and her heart stopped pounding so hard.  Ordinarily she was a sound sleeper, but lately she had been jumpy and restless. Everyone on the ranch was jumpy. Walt Carmack had been gone for three weeks and no one, not even his mother, had heard from his since he'd left. Neither had they heard from his grandfather.  Finally the girl sighed, turned over on her side, and closed her eyes. A moment later a shadow that had been crouching behind the big arm chair moved stealthily across the room.  The floor creaked once before he reached the bed and the girl's eyes flew open again. The next instant a hand clamped roughly down over her mouth. Another hand pressed tight against her shoulder.  The girl's slim body arched like the body of a fighting cat. She struck with all her strength at the hands that held her. The man leaned closer and spoke softly in her ear.  "It's Clark!"  The girl stopped struggling.  "Lord, Lucy, you're hard to wake up! I tossed chunks of 'dobe at your window for an hour. I thought I'd wake everyone on the place but you. If I take my hand away, you promise not to yell?"  She nodded. "You've got no business in here!" she said indignantly, when she could speak. "Why didn't you speak to me from the window? I was awake. I don't see--"  The hand came down over her mouth again. "Don't talk so damn loud!" he growled in her ear. "I didn't speak when you sat up because I knew you'd yell."  The hand over her mouth wasn't quite so tight this time. She jerked her head away.  "Clark Bowles, you stop that or I will yell! Now what do you want?"     "I want to talk to you. Get something on, and come outside."  Lucy hesitated only a moment. "All right."  She slipped on a kimono and shoes and climbed out the window after him. She looked uneasily around, knowing that in the bright moonlight they might be seen from a dozen different windows on the place.  "Clark, where have you been? Every- body's been looking for you."  Clark Bowles laughed shortly. "Don't be an idiot, Lucy. I've been hiding. What you suppose I hung around half the night for, waiting till everyone was in bed be- fore I wroke you up?"  The girl's heart sank. The things they were saying about him were true then. For a moment she was torn with indecision, pulled by a sense of loyalty to the new friends she had made here as well as affec- tion for this weak-willed man she had known since she was a tiny girl.  FORD HARRELL  He pulled uneasily at her arm. "Let's walk down the road a piece. This damn place is all eyes and ears."  Lucy looked up at the protecting shadow of the big house, at the blank, black square that was Walt Carmack's bedroom window. But Walt wasn't here now. She couldn't ask him what to do. Out in the corral a horse stomped his foot. Then except for the raucous croaking of a lonesome old