84 MARIAN O'HEARN   "Several things, but I couldn't leave without seeing you."  "You're leaving?" And then, before he could answer, she rushed on: "Why did you have to see me?"  He hesitated. Had his eyes really changed? Were they clear and young or was she once more imagining that? "Because I want you to know what I said this morning wasn't true. I don't want to forget you. I can't. I'll al- ways remember, Faith, and wish I'd found you sooner."  She felt the blood leaving her face and even her lips turning cold. This was good-by. He was leaving, getting out of the Territory before the law could catch up with him. And he had not denied shooting Harvey! "You can't go," she said, her words just above a whisper.  "I have to, for a lot of reasons. You're the biggest one. It wasn't your fault that I didn't know about Harvey. I didn't give you time to tell me. I saw you and thought--" He broke off and once more the corners of his mouth moved into a faint, wry smile.  "What did you think?" She moved closer to him, watching his face.  "Guess I thought we belonged to- gether--something simple like that."  "It wasn't simple." She could not keep back the words. "Maybe it was right, Pat. Maybe that's how it should be with everyone."  "Yeah, except that it never is. Adios. ma'am." He put out his hand and she placed hers in it, but then she was in his arms, which were holding her fierce- ly against him. His lips were fiery music on her mouth and her racing blood took up the song of his kiss. Yes, it was also magic, the magic she had sought.  When he let her go. she whispered: "No. We were meant to be together. Wait!"  He shook his head and there was no youngness or warmth in his eyes. "I told you I'd always remember, but the trouble is I can't forget any part of it-- especially Harvey."     FAITH'S father, remaining unwill- ingly in bed, asked for Mike half a dozen times that day. "I'll make him realize I'm well enough to be up. Send word to him, please."  But Anthony Byers still looked so white and ill that Faith would not tell him the truth. Instead, she said Mike was too busy to look in on him and in- sisted on his staying in his room.  Evening arrived too slowly and twi- light stretched over long-drawn-out hours, during which she kept hearing Pat Ransome's voice saying: "I can't forget any of it--especially Harvey." While she was having a lonely sup- per in the kitchen a boy arrived with a message from Dr. Adair, saying that Mike was conscious and asking for her.  She went at once, hurrying along the narrow, unlighted street to Adair's big, frame home. The elderly doctor an- swered the door and told her, smiling- ly : "Looks as if we'll get him through."  He led the way to a room at the rear of the house and, as he opened the door, his pleasant-faced wife got up from her place at the bedside. "He's sleeping again," she whispered. "Miss Byers had better wait. She can sit here with him."  They went out and Faith took the chair near Mike's bed. In sleep, his face looked younger and less grave: touchingly unguarded. Why couldn't she have loved him, or have given him all of her love? Maybe he had part of it! And maybe that part would always belong to him. . . .  There was a sound behind her, the door swung in, and Pat Ransome en- tered the room.  "How did you get here? I thought--"  "Is he conscious?" he asked, ignor- ing her question. "I was hoping he would be."  The man on the bed stirred restless- ly and then his eyes opened. He looked at Faith before his glance went to Pat. "Glad you're here, Ransome. Come closer, so I won't have to shout."  Pat went to the bed and Mike said, swiftly: "Want to tell you while I can