CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 33    came loping down the canyon, with a sudden outburst of yells, to pull up at the corrals below the ranch house. Lights came on in the bunkhouse.  Andy Partle went in to talk to Clay- ton Gary, whom Andy had known when he had ridden for the Cross Seven. He came out finally, yawning drowsily, and headed for the camp he had made not far from Jean's wagon.  The lights in the bunkhouse went out and the canyon became quiet. With the storm cleared away the night was still, so still that Jean could hear the occasional restless muttering of Tom Gary. She sat down with her back against a bedroll and dozed a little.  And then, as if he had materialized there by magic, Roane was in camp, smiling at Jean over the fire.  "Found your dad," he reported. "His leg was broken. His horse had been  NAB  shot from ambush, but your father managed to get away--dragged him- self into some rocks. Likely some Cross Seven man tried to get him. I got him on a horse and took him to the Garys. Doc Gary set his leg and he's resting easy, except that he's worried about you."  "You found him!" she could only exclaim at first, while relief and grati- tude flooded her. "Andy told me you would."     "Thank Savvy," he said, referring to the black-and-tan hound. "He ran on to the fresh trails of three different mountain lions, but I kept him to the notion he was hunting a man. Finding him was luck mostly--and Savvy. I left Savvy at the Garys--he was foot- sore. You'd better travel over there tonight, and get out of this country."  "But I can't do that," she pointed out. "If I went away, the Cross Seven would be sure to find Tom Gary, unless we could take him with us."  "We can't do that tonight. Doc Gary can't come over tonight; he has to at- tend a sick neighbor woman. How's Tom been?"  "As well as could be expected. Still out of his head."  "They plan to move him tomorrow night. Doc Gary said it wouldn't be safe any sooner. They're bringing a buckboard tomorrow night to the top of the mesa, and they'll carry him to it by stretcher. You'll leave then too."  "And you?" she asked.  "I'm staying here to get some of those Night Canyon horses. They're the finest I've seen anywhere. The country is full of them."  "Are they worth risking your life for?"  "Sure," he said. "Besides I like this country. I'd like to ranch here in these canyons. Trap beaver in the upper streams, and, hunt the mountain lions that are killing off colts. This is horse country if I ever saw one." He was looking at her, smiling a little, his eyes glowing. "I always knew it," he said abruptly.  "Knew what?" she asked, surprised. "Knew that when I saw a certain face across a campfire, I'd know that face belonged to the girl I'd like to see across my fire always. You fit in with an outdoor fire, Jean."  She laughed at that. "You say the queerest things sometimes, Roane Brandon. Who else would ever tell a girl that she fitted in with an outdoor fire?"  "Sounds foolish, I guess, but it's not.