MISDEAL 9    arms. She was only eighteen but the re- sponsibility of keeping house for her father and looking after a younger brother and sister made her seem older. She smiled at Lucy, and when she spoke her voice was low and musical.  "You're prompt, Miss McAdams. May- be you can teach me and the kids how you do it. We nearly drive Dad crazy, always being late."  Lucy smoothed the skirt of her plain black dress apologetically.  "I'm sorry I didn't bring anything more partyish with me. I wasn't expecting any- thing like this!"  "Why, you look awful pretty," Millie said reassuringly. "Anyhow, nobody ever worries about clothes at one of Lucky Jim's parties. Everybody's invited--and every- body comes. Like as not there'll be a dozen little homesteader girls over there with gingham dresses on, but they'll all have a good time."  She broke a bright red blossom from a potted geranium in the window. "Here, stick this over your ear. It'll look pretty against that black hair of yours. If you're ready well go over now. There might be something I could do to help Mrs. Car- mack. These parties are always a big job for her. She has a house full of Mexican girls to help, then she always winds up doing everything herself and making herself sick. Susie will be here to see that Dad washes his ears and gets into a clean shirt without more than two or three buttons missing."  She linked her arm through the older girl's and, still chatting easily, led the way out onto the porch and across the yard. The heel-squatting punchers stood up when they saw the two girls coming, and Lucy saw their eager glance turned on her. Millie waved at them cheerfully.  "You boys can meet Miss McAdams later. We're busy now."  The cowboys, all of them young, some of them looking to be still in their teens, smiled shyly, and with a sudden rush of friendly feeling Lucy smiled back.  She hadn't expected to like the West. Coming here to tutor the two younger Har- rell children through the summer to make up for the school term they had missed due     to a bout with scarlet fever, was a kind of self-imposed exile from the kind of life and the kind of people she liked. As soon as she dared she would go back to it. But Millie Harrell was as nice as any girl she had known back home, and already the unaffect- ed friendliness of these people was melting a little of the hard core around her heart.  Millie was still talking as they went up the wide stone steps of the big house.  "You'll like Lucky Jim, Miss McAdams. He's a square-shooter if there ever was one, even if he never had much time to really get acquainted with folks until the last few years. Now, Dad says, he's having the fun he never had when he was younger. He started from scratch--an orphan without a penny to his name--and from the stories they tell about him, I guess he had to fight every step for what he's got now. In those days there were Indians, outlaws, rustlers, as well as crooked politicians. Thank good- ness those days are over with now. There hasn't been a speck of trouble on this range for five years. Lucky Jim, he just fiddles around and has a good time while Dad runs everything smooth as clock work."  She reached out a hand for the door- knob, but it swung open from the inside before she touched it. Two tall young cow- boys stood in the doorway. They were both good looking, with the slim-hipped, wide- shouldered build Lucy had noticed seemed to be fairly common among cowboys.  Millie Harrell gave a soft little exclama- tion under her breath.  "Walt Carmack! I supposed you'd still be in the hospital!"  The taller of the two, a black-haired, blue- eyed young giant, grinned down at her. His left arm was in a sling, and there was the red, angry-looking scar of a recently healed wound across his forehead.  "I'm not as fragile as I look," he said.  The other cowboy tapped the tall girl lightly on the shoulder. "You're forgettin' your manners, Millie. Why do you reckon we busted over here to open the door for you?"  The girl gave a half exasperated little laugh.  "Miss McAdams, I sure hate to begin your troubles this quick, because I know you're liable to have these two devils under-