132 RANCH ROMANCES    "No need for you to rifle his pockets," he added, flourishing it triumphantly before her.  With amazement, Kay ran her eyes over the memorandum of Ted's trans- action with Old Man Warren, with the prospector's name signed at the bottom.  "Ted! You mean you beat him to it?" Her eyes sparkled with excitement, and the color flooded her cheeks at this further evidence of Ted's thought for her.  In a few words, he told her about Seth and the boys chipping in to raise enough to bind the purchase, and about his visit to Old Man Warren.  "I don't know anything about beating this guy to it," he added, feasting his eyes on her happy excitement as she folded the precious paper and put it in her pocket. "You'll have to tell me that part of it! Come on!"  A swift, strong vibration ran all through him at the thought of holding Kay in his arms as they rode back to the ranch. Mounting, he reached down his hand and she sprang lightly up be- fore him, her own heightened color at- testing to the fact that his emotion had communicated itself to her.  For a long time they rode in silence across the mesa that was beginning to take on the more intense colors and the lengthened shadows of late afternoon. Kay leaned confidingly against Ted, and his arm involuntarily tightened around her. Somehow there seemed to be no need for words, and sweet as the gay companionship of the morning's ride had been, this silent communion meant in- finitely more.  The sunset colors were flooding the sky as they neared the ranch house gate.  Abruptly Ted reined in. "I'd like to say good-by to you here; I must be on my way." He hardly recognized his low, husky voice. A wild longing to kiss Kay before he released her swept over him, but even as he struggled with it, Kay slipped from his arm and sprang lightly to the ground.  "When will you be back?" Kay's     voice was as low and vibrant with sup- pressed feeling as his.  "Three days at the most," he an- swered. For a long moment he gazed at her. He started to say something, then changed his mind and picked up the reins.  "Good-by." He wheeled abruptly, and Kay watched him ride into the sun- set. A strange premonition suddenly tightened her throat. Would he really be back in three days? Already, their whole tense and dramatic encounter seemed like a dream.  Turning swiftly, she walked past the charred ruins of the ranch house and down to her cabin, skirting the bunk- house in a desire to be alone for a few minutes, before accounting for her ab- sence to the boys.  CHAPTER XV An Unexpected Visitor  ABSORBED in her thoughts, Kay walked swiftly down to the cabin, her eyes absently-mindedly fixed on the browning bunch grass at her feet.  "Hullo! There you are!"  A hearty voice startled her out of her reverie. As she glanced up, she saw the tall figure of a man waiting for her on the cabin steps. Reluctantly relin- quishing her hope for solitude, she hur- ried forward, and recognized Tom Run- yon as the waiting figure.  "Say! I couldn't wait any longer to come over and tell you how bad I feel about all this!" He waved toward the ruins of the ranch house as he came down the steps to meet her. His eyes, as they rested on her brilliant coloring and the flush still in her cheeks from the ride with Ted, expressed the same admiration they had on the ridge. "I had to stick around up yonder until I was relieved," he explained, "or I'd have been over sooner."  "That's very good of you." Kay slipped her hand out of his grasp. "I certainly didn't think, when I talked to you last, that I'd find my own house burnt down!"