A DAY OF RECKONING 43    ed his black toward the rambling bulk of the mountains in the west.  ALL morning he traveled steadily. About noon he came to a canyon filled with the gurgle of a small stream. Here there was grass in abundance for the horses. Tracy dismounted, stripped saddle gear from his black and hobbled him. His packs he slid to the ground, turning the bay loose.  "S'long, fella," he muttered, slapping a sweaty flank. "Maybe we'll meet again. Maybe not."  He had no plan save to wait for his arm to heal. Although his left-hand draw was swift, it had not the accuracy of his right--and accuracy was the one thing he meant to command the next time he faced Hal Davies.  For days Tracy loafed, fretting at the delay, tormented by brooding thoughts. Though he favored his arm, it showed no signs of healing. Rather, it seemed to grow worse. Morosely Tracy began to wonder if hate could distil poison in a man's sys- tem, then derided himself for the fantastic thought.  The spare garments out of which he was fashioning bandages were, perhaps, less clean than they looked. Maybe the bullet had embedded a thread from his shirt deep in the wound itself.  At any rate, despite using his entire supply of salt in hot packs, the fifth day found his arm badly swollen, the wound angrily inflamed. He was feverish. The pain had developed into a pounding that brought on queer, light-headed spells. It was borne upon Tracy that he would have to seek a doctor if ever he expected to make good his promise of a day of reckon- ing for Ruth and Hal Davies.  Slowly, doggedly, he got his outfit on the black, pulled himself aboard. He soon found that a road gait jarred his head un- bearably and pulled down to a slow walk. Even so, he rode mostly with chin on chest, drifting into states of semi-conscious- ness from which he would rouse with a start.  He failed to notice when his mount     strayed off from the direction into which he had headed it. Eventually its shrill whiny aroused him from stupor. With a jerk he straightened, passing hot hands over blurry eyes.  Around him was piled a rough land- scape studded with greasewood and low mounds of salt sage. A stock trail wound about the base of a hill overlooking a dry wash. Here his black stood, ears pointed straight ahead.  Even as Tracy took this in, the animal sounded another warning of a presence ahead on the trail. The instinct of the hunted, long dormant, sprang to life with- in Tracy, banishing the mental fog that had bound him. Dropping knotted reins about the saddle horn, he drew his left gun and urged the black on. Half a dozen steps and he halted again, facing a rider who blocked the way--a big, burly-chested man leaning forward tensely in his saddle.  "Spane!" ejaculated the latter in pro- found amaze. A spasmodic jerk of hand lifted higher the bore of a sixgun.  Tracy paid it no heed. "Howdy, Law- ton," he drawled.  Behind the renegade ranchman were two others, as hard of face and wary-eyed as he. The first led by halter ropes two of the finest specimens of horseflesh Tracy had ever seen--sleek, clean-limbed thorough- breds that shouted of the race track. He had no chance to see more, for, shedding surprise, Lawton swung his horse to the side, screening his second follower from view.  "You'd best turn tail," he said mean- ingly. "Head back the way you come and forget you seen us."  The peremptory speech did little to- wards mollifying Tracy's black mood. He said deliberately, "I don't turn tail for any son of a skunk. Get out of my way!"  Lawton seemed to stop breathing. Tracy saw the squinting eyes slide to his injury, then down to the gun in his left hand. He guessed the feverish calculations running through the outlaw's mind. Lawton was realizing that, whatever the outcome of a fight at this time, he, for one, would never live to see it.  "Don't you like--" began Tracy softly, then halted as the nervous shifting of Law-