88 LUCRETIA WHITEHEAD PAYNE    county seat any day. Sorry. Why don't you see about leasing from Anita?"  "Perhaps I might," said the other and automatically found himself walking toward the Hart store. He'd face Anita and get an explanation for this despicable action. Wasn't it enough for her to throw him over for Beales without knocking out his pur- chase of the Armisted place?  On the way he stopped at the telegraph office and found an answer from Cheyenne to the effect that both of his orders had been filled and shipped to Black Rock. The firm was at a loss to understand why he had not received the cake, and would like to have him investigate and report to them.  "And that," said Terry between tight lips, "is something more for Roy Beales to try to explain!"  Terry soon found Anita, but could not get a word with her in private. She greeted him casually and quickly, and then absorbed herself with customers, whom she made no attempt to escape. Finally, ablaze with anger over this snub, Terry got hold of Beales and showed him the telegram.  "Now let's hear how good you are at explanations!" he snapped.  He had come upon Beales in a corner between a wall and a counter, and at the other's trapped expression experienced in- ward satisfaction. Despite the telegram, Beales stuck to it that no cake had come for Triangle T or Slash M, and although Terry wanted to choke the truth out of him --for he was sure he was lying--he couldn't make a scene here.  "I'll see you about this again," he said grimly, and went to see the owner of Black Rock's other general store who, until this year, had handled the cottonseed cake ship- ments. From grizzled Martin Cox Terry learned that Beales had offered the Chey- enne people a substantial sum for the busi- ness.  "What could I do?" asked Cox somberly. "I couldn't afford to outbid him. Besides, I didn't know about it until the deal'd gone through. Most of the ranchers don't like Beales, thinkin' he ain't to be trusted. But so long as he's in with Anita, that every- body thinks the world of, they play along with him."  Terry thanked the storekeeper and     departed, more sure than ever that the odor of something skunkish was growing stronger.  Somehow the day wore on until evening and time for the big dance, when Terry joined the merrymakers. There he tow- ered, tall and handsome, above most of the men, and he received a welcoming smile from every girl present. He was dancing with Paula Robbins when Anita and Beales arrived, and Terry caught for a fleeting moment hurt amazement on the girl's pen- sive face. An instant later she and her escort joined the dance, with Beales taking evident care to keep away from Terry.  Nor did Terry make any effort to cut in on Anita, until, during an hilarious Paul Jones, he met her in the circle and delib- erately drew her away, out of the room. He felt a shiver shake her slender, grace- ful body, and it sounded as if she was fight- ing tears. Then in the quiet of the deserted hall he bent his head until he could look into her face, and saw two great tears roll- ing down it. Holding her closer, he begged passionately.  "Can't you tell me what's troubling you, my darling? Won't you tell me you'll marry me, Anita mia, and let me make you happy?"  "Oh, Terry, if only I could! Please trust me, no matter what I do, but let me go now. It's of you I'm thinking."  "No!" he began, and saw Beales com- ing through the door, a veritable thunder- cloud, in his sly eyes and fox-like face ill- concealed triumphant satisfaction.  "I suppose you were telling Welch good- by, Anita," he said curtly. "But now come back and dance." And, over his shoulder, "I'll say the same, Welch. Sorry I couldn't run down any feed for you."  "Perhaps I'll have better luck myself," retorted Terry. "As soon as I attend to one more piece of business."  ATTENDING to this "piece of business" took him now to the Hart Mercantile building, where a key which Anita had given him long ago when he used to do things for her after store hours, let him into the empty, echo-