VALENTINE VENGEANCE 89    ing building. Going straight through to the rear, where the warehouse was located, he turned on a powerful flashlight and be- gan clambering over piled-up boxes and bales of merchandise.  He looked closely in the dark, distant corners, and three times disappointment had laid hold of him, until in the last cor- ner he found a huge tarpaulin. Throwing back an end of this, he found under it a pile of sacks like those used to ship cotton- seed cake, and after making small slits in several of the sacks, he saw they contained just that.  Pulling a tapeline from his pocket, Terry measured the approximate dimensions of this pile, and computed the contents. The result was close enough to the amount of cake which should have been delivered to him and Uncle Byron to prove to him that Beales had kept it hidden here, probably intending to sell it later to other ranchers.  Beales wanted to ruin Terry Welch! This was now very evident. If Terry could not get his cattle through the winter, he would have nothing to offer Anita, and he had been counting on this year's sales to put him among the well-to-do ranchers of the country. Beales wanted Anita for him- self, and since he was unscrupulous and underhanded, it wasn't strange he'd try to ruin his rival. But what about Anita? She seemed to have sided against Terry, too, else why had she bought the Armisted place when she knew he planned to pur- chase it?  It was all a disheartening puzzle he was trying to solve, and he went now to the office, where he should be able to find the bills of lading for the cake. On them would be listed the stockmen who had purchased it, the amount each had ordered, and the price.  He felt like a housebreaker as he rum- maged through the office desk and files. But success rewarded him sooner than he had hoped, and he had just stuffed the impor- tant papers into his pocket when a sound at the door brought him pivoting in that direction.  Roy Beales stood there gloating mali- ciously. "This is better than I thought. To catch Terry Welch, red-handed, ran- sacking the office of the Hart Mercantile     Company! This spells your finish, my friend, when Anita hears about it! Now hand over what you've just put into your pocket!"  Terry made no move to comply. "You haven't all the cards by a long way, Beales," he retorted. "When Anita hears what I have to tell, and can now prove, you're the one who'll be thrown out on your ear! Now get out of my way!"  A big automatic had appeared in Beales' fist, and the flame of hate burning in the fellow's narrow, sallow face warned Terry that he was in real danger. Snapping off his flashlight, he hurled it straight at his enemy's head, and as the fellow pivoted and dodged, it gave Terry a split-second chance. With a swift lunge Terry succeeded in knocking the automatic out of Beales' hand, and his steel-hard arms closed about the fellow's chest, pulling him backward.  Squirming in Terry's grasp like a snake, Beales twisted around until he had his head directly under his captor's chin. Then, like a spring released, he straightened. The top of his head connected with Terry's chin, whose head snapped back and arms went slack.  Wrenching free, Beales evidently be- lieved he had Terry at his mercy. "I'll tell everybody that I caught Terry Welch rob- bing Anita Hart and had to kill him in self- defense. And now I'll have a clear field with the girl, even if she was holding me off all winter."  Groggy though he was, Terry was still able to move, and had already put a long table between himself and Beales. At the boast about Anita, the murk and haze which enveloped him suddenly cleared. Still pre- tending dizziness, he stopped at one corner of the table, his head lolling forward on his chest.  Following up what he believed to be his advantage, Beales covered the few feet be- tween them, hands clenched, ready for a knockout blow when he reached the ranch- man. But as he reached the spot, Terry's whip-lash body jerked erect, his long young arms reached out and vised his enemy with an inescapable grip.  At that instant the room was bright with electric light, and Terry saw Anita Hart in the doorway, expertly holding a small pis-