LOVE IS THE LOOT 89    Springs when I rode down there to tighten a loose hind shoe on my horse, don't blame me for mentionin' it to Frosty! And don't blame him for hav- in' old Shaw picked up and put where he belongs!"  "I'm sorry, Turk," said the girl, sud- denly contrite. "It's just that old Moc- casin Shaw probably won't have much money to hire a decent lawyer with."  "You want to see him go free, don't you?" Turk said. Then, in a low voice, he added, "Down deep in my heart, I wish the same thing. I try to tell my- self that I did right by reportin' the hide-findin' to Frosty; that he was payin' me to look after his stock. But now I half wish I'd just rode back to the ranch, drawed my wages and rode away from here. Not that I could've done that."  "Why not?" she countered.  "Wouldn't the loss of one steer mean much less to my uncle than the loss of freedom means to old Moccasin?"  "A lot less--yeah. It wasn't that, Eileen. It was the thought of ridin' away from you."  "Hold on, cowboy. You shouldn't--"  "I know it," he answered. "And I don't want to lose my heart any more than you want old Moccasin to lose his freedom. But I have. I saw you sittin' on this porch a month ago. And since then--" He stopped, jaw set a little, then rose abruptly.  Husky, erect, he stood there sil- houetted for a moment against the afterglow of a sun which had slipped down into a notch of the valley's west rim. Then he left the porch and headed for the corrals. Watching him catch and bridle his own sorrel horse, Eileen heard Shorty Talbott, the other JY puncher call, "Hey, Turk! I thought you wasn't goin' to town tonight."  "I've changed my mind," came the answer. "Today was payday, wasn't it? What are we waitin' for?"  Pretty soon two cowpunchers were loping off. And pretty soon two pairs of spurs would be jingling into the noisy saloon. There would be drinks....     Eileen walked to the end of the porch and thought, You're not afraid to ride bucking horses, Turk Powell, but you're afraid to say the thing that's in your heart! Something tells me I'll be gone from here as soon as school starts next fall. So, Turk Powell, if you've got anything to say . . . some- thing that maybe I want to hear you say. . . .  IT WAS three nights later before Turk Powell, a bot- tle in his saddle pocket, and leading a newly purchased roan horse -- a bucker he hoped to enter in the con- test in Tall Tree--returned to the JY. Even then he didn't come up to the porch where Eileen sat.  He stood beside the corral and talked to Shorty Talbott about the new buck- ing horse. Somewhat lonesome, and a little irked, Eileen went in the house. Nor did she even so much as look out the window until she heard the excite- ment down there at the corral.  The roan bucker had been saddled. Now, out there in the dusk, he was really wiping it up with a rider who, unable to match with his skill the fury of those long, high, crooked jumps, was losing his balance after the third jump--and crashing to the ground just beyond the corral.  Eileen's heart leaped to her mouth. She had only glimpsed that rider be- fore he went spinning down to the earth. Now the roan horse was wheel- ing, was bucking back toward the fallen man.  She raced out the front door and down the porch steps just as another rider, a stranger hard of jaw and lean, came spurring around the corner of the house. He was pulling his gun as he came, and he fired at the roan out- law now bucking back toward his thrown rider.  The roan bucker squealed, veered away from the fallen man and plunged to the earth himself. Then Turk Powell --Eileen realized now that he wasn't