THE VALLEY OF DISPUTE 93    trees and outcropping rocks. But whenever he could see it, Jerry swung his field glasses to his eyes and sur- veyed the scene. He saw about fifteen horsemen on one side of the thin stream. They seemed to be confront- ing someone lined up on the opposite side of the valley. But who it was Jerry could not see.  He rode faster, hoping to reach a place of vantage before his presence was discovered. A shot rang out, and he saw a puff of smoke from the gun held by one of the riders. An answer- ing shot came from the other side and then many guns spoke.  Jerry spurred his horse, whirled off the dim trail and started down the steep slope. He came out on a level expanse, halfway down the hill, and halted again. The horsemen he had seen were riding away. Those who had answered their attack let them go.  He continued down into the valley. His field glasses were replaced, and his hand was near his holstered gun. In his saddle boot he carried a rifle.  "Stop, or I'll shoot!" came a sharp command.  Jerry had emerged from a thicket of aspens. In spite of his cautious advance, he had been seen. He stopped and slowly lifted his hands, mean- while looking for the owner of the voice. A slim figure came out from the brush.  "Howdy," said Jerry easily. "I rode down when I heard ail the shootin'. Looks like you run off all them hombres. I ain't one of 'em, if that's what you thought."  He observed that the hand which held a gun leveled at him, wavered. He saw, too, that the hand was quite small.  "Lordy, you're a girl!" he exclaimed and swung down from his saddle.  "Don't come near!" the girl cried. "Don't!"  Jerry obediently stood beside his horse, his hands raised again.  "Shucks, ma'am, you don't have to be afraid of me. I'm Jerry Stone, sur-     veyor an' deputy sheriff, appointed by the court to run a survey through here an' find out who owns this spring an' valley. I reckon you must be Miss Custer of the C Cross, an' them fellers that jest left here was from the Circle Four. Right?"  The girl nodded and allowed her gun to fall at her side. Jerry grinned and lowered his hands.  "You're really Jerry Stone, appoint- ed by the court?" she asked.  "Yes, ma'am, I sure am."  "Buck Dawson--he's the Circle Four superintendent--said you'd never get here. He said he'd see that you were stopped and turned back."  "H'm! Well, it looks like Mr. Daw- son kind o' miscalculated. Here I am."  Jerry's gray eyes twinkled, and a faint smile hovered on the lips of the girl. Then Jerry heard a groan of pain, and the girl turned swiftly and took two steps into the brush. Jerry followed. There on the ground lay a gray-haired man. His hat had fallen at his side and there was a dark stain of blood on his flannel shirt.  "Dad!" cried Anne Custer. "Here's Jerry Stone, the surveyor! He's come at last."  The old man on the ground gritted his teeth and looked up at Jerry.  "Them fellers attack you two?" Jerry asked. "Jest you two? Lord, I thought there was a whole army of you, from the way they was shootin'." He knelt beside Jim Custer and opened his shirt, examining the wound.  "We been expectin' you," Custer said through tight lips. "We figgered they'd obey the court's injunction till you settled things. But they won't. I'm all right. Anne, girl, get my horse. We'll ride for home."  On that ride to the C Cross ranch house, with Anne on one side of her father and Jerry on the other, the young man heard their version of the boundary dispute. The spring and half of the green valley had always been considered a part of the C Cross spread until the Circle Four Ranch