HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 27    besides, but down deep yuh got plenty of good common sense."  "Thank you," said Loma, some of her old stiffness returning. "Suppose we dispense with the personalities and get down to facts. I imagine you are going to warn me about Deuce Coburn again. Everybody except Judge Reynolds seems to have it in for Coburn."  Link laughed softly. "Yuh can fool some folks, but yuh cain't fool 'em all. If it'll make yuh feel better I won't say a word about Coburn. I'll jest tell yuh somethin' of what has been goin' on an' yuh can judge for yoreself. First off, Dad an' me have been figgerin' lately that some of our stock was missin'.  "Jest how many haid we cain't tell until we look over our stuff at the spring round-up, which starts next week. But we're shore we been losin' some. We never did before--not while Bert Man- nering was alive. We allus got along good with Bert. He was a square- shooter. Findin' that blotted brand yes- terday sorta pointed the way, an' what I've seen today just about cinches mat- ters."  "In other words," cried Loma, "the Bar C 88 has been rustling some of your stock."  "No," said Link gravely. "Not the Bar C 88--which is you. But the men who are ridin' for the Bar C 88 shore enough are."  "But why should they do it? How can they benefit? I own the ranch-- and none of them ever saw me before yesterday morning. They owe me noth- ing. Why should they steal for me?"  "I thought of that," admitted Link slowly, "an' could only find one answer. Tell me, have yuh any idee how many cattle was carryin' the Bar C 88 iron when yore uncle died?"  "Why--yes, I think so. I looked over some tally sheets last night and I ar- rived at a rough figure of something over four thousand head."  "That oughta be about right," nodded Link thoughtfully. "It might be illu- minatin' to have a range count made now. Somethin' tells me there wouldn't  be near that many by a long sight."  Loma paled slightly. "What you mean is that Deuce Coburn and my other riders have been stealing from me as well as you. Is that it?"  "Exactly. They probably figgered that Judge Reynolds would be a long time findin' the heir to the Bar C 88-- which he was. Durin' that time they intended to sell off the Bar C 88 stock an' pocket the proceeds."  "In that case, why didn't they make one big round-up and clean the whole ranch out at one stroke?"  "Because they mighta had a lot of trouble disposin' of the stock. Four thousand haid is a sizable herd of cat- tle. It would have been sure to start talk, no matter where they drove to. An' yuh cain't allus find a buyer right off who can handle a herd of that size. But by sellin' a couple hundred haid at a time they could do it. An' they been doin' it."  Loma was fighting against this rea- soning, though something told her that this lean, bronzed young fellow was hit- ting squarely at the truth of matters.  "How about the figures Coburn has been furnishing Judge Reynolds?"  Link laughed quietly. "Any liar can figger. The judge claims he's been checkin' up on Coburn very carefully. Yeah, he has--by figgers that Coburn has been furnishin' him. Nothin' is easier than jugglin' a tally sheet. Any fool can put down normal increase per- centage, if he knows cattle at all--an' I'll give Coburn credit for knowin' cattle all right.  "The judge means well, an' he's a hon- est ole coot, but the only way to check up Coburn's figgers is to make a thor- ough range count, which the judge couldn't do if he tried."  Loma surprised Link. "I believe you are right," she admitted gravely. "I rode down the valley this morning, checking up on the cattle I saw. I do not claim to know a great deal about cattle raising, but if there are four thou- sand head of cattle on my range, I don't know where they are."