A STRANGE TRAIL 61   "Now, listen!" whispered Kit, close to the fellow's ear. "Yuh'll rise. Yuh'll go to the jail door. Knock loudly, and say there's a messenger out here from General Yznaga to see the jailer. Obey, an' yuh won't be hurt. Fail in the slightest degree, dog, and yuh die!" "Señor, señor!" whispered the senti- nel quite distinctly. "I have no desire to die. I will obey every word that the sñnor commands."  Disturbed by the loud pounding on the jail door, the jailer arose sullenly and demanded through it, "Who is there? What do you desire?"  Glibly enough the sentinel explained, just as he had been told to do. The jailer shrugged; no doubt Yznaga was about to execute the gringo privately. And a good thing if he did, thought the jailer. He opened the door and ad- mitted both the sentinel and the man whom he supposed to be the messenger.  Beyond them, in the furthest cell of the jail, Lin Derry heard that knocking, and interpreted it just as the jailer had done. He was about to die. Yznaga was weary of keeping him. He had broken his pledge to give Curt Jones time to return with the stallion. But no; there had been time, and there had been no stallion.  At last, in humiliation and despair, Lin Derry had begun to realize how lit- tle he had taught men to value him, how unlikely it was not only that Kit Bridger would be willing to part with his horse, but also how most unlikely that any mass rescue would be at- tempted--especially in the present state of ferment in Mexico. If he had only kept his head about those lousy cattle! But then when, in the past few years, had he ever kept his head?  Well, he was about to die. And he would die bravely.  He heard the tramp of approaching feet, folded his arms, threw back his head and, standing beside his window, bravely faced the opening door, his pale blue eyes quite steady, his full, passion- ate lips firm. In this hour, Derry wore a real dignity.     But it vanished as he stepped forward to meet, not Yznaga's soldiers, but the amazing presence of Kit Bridger--his enemy. He knew instantly that Bridger had not come here to do him any harm; that was not necessary. Bridger would only have needed to leave that to the scant time remaining before Derry faced execution.  "The jailer and the sentinel are in the jailer's office, knocked out and gagged," explained Bridger curtly. "Here's a belt and gun for yuh. Follow me close. I've got horses. . . . Damn it! Don't waste time thankin' me! Be quiet!"  He hurried Derry on before him out of the jail door, locked it and thrust the keys into his own belt. In the shadow of the bushes fringing the trail the amazed Derry saw not two horses, but three. The central one was Ace, the golden stallion, with Molly riding him. On each side of her was a led horse. These were fresh animals which Kit Bridger had picked out of Yznaga's own remuda grazing in a paddock nearby, re- flecting ironically to himself that both he and Molly were horse-thieves now.  Lin Derry broke out into exclama- tions at sight of Molly. Again Kit Bridger savagely cut him off. They mounted hurriedly, and were about to turn north when Bridger halted them.  "Listen!"  A detail of mounted men, probably Yznaga's, was coming southward along the trail they should be on. At Bridger's order, each rider leaned forward, put- ting a swift hand over the nostrils of his horse. Then suddenly the horse Lin Derry rode reared in fright.  A man broke out from the thick scrub near him, rushed toward the jail, yelling and firing his gun as he went. It was the relief, the missing Juan who should have been there half an hour ago, but who, as Pedro had surmised, had stopped for an extra drink. Yet he was not too drunk to realize that the gringo prisoner was escaping!  They could no longer ride north. They must escape through the south exit, Bridger knew. At his word of