72 RANCH ROMANCES    and stood within two feet of Jerry, sneerin' insolent. We was on the plat- form, 'bout a foot higher than him. "Who are you mugs?" he growls. I was feelin' mighty uneasy, 'cause I knowed good and well this gent was a gun thug, and Jerry and me wasn't armed, because buckaroos just natcherly don't lug shootin'-irons with 'em to a school en- tertainment.  "We're a coupla fellers that kills snakes around here," said Jerry. "I'm death on snakes, mister!"  The dude shoved his hand into his side coat pocket. Quick as lightnin' Jerry's left foot shot for'ard and the hard, high heel of his boot struck that pocket with crushin' force. The dude let out a yell of pain. With a terrific swing Jerry's right fist crashed in the dude's face and sent him sprawlin'. Miss Ruth screamed.  Then Jerry was on top of the sprawlin' bully. With one knee on his chest, he gripped the bully's right hand and twisted the gun from his clutch. He tossed the gun onto the desk, shoutin', "Here, Ruth--a souvenir for you." Then he jerked the bully up onto his feet and smashed him again, knockin' him clean over a row of desks. The bully just laid limp--he was plumb out.  And there was me standin' by the desk, watchin' the battle plumb dazed, and huggin' Jerry's guitar to my buz- zom. Then I heard a moan, and Miss Ruth collapsed on the desk in a dead faint!  Jerry rushed over and gathered the little lady in his arms. So I set the guitar down and took charge of the tough customer sprawled on the floor. "Take that bad hombre and do anything you crave to do with him!" said Jerry.  I took Mr. Bardonni out and tied him onto my hoss with my lariat. There was a team and buckboard hitched at the school fence--the rig this hombre mentioned to Miss Ruth. But whilst I was ropin' up Mr. Bardonni, I heard a hullabaloo of bellerin' and snortin', and there come old Pandemonium, the crazy steer, down the road. He charged     straight to'rds the team and buckboard, like a demon out of perdition. The team busted loose and went streakin' down the road to'rds Elko. So I jumped Jerry's bronc and took after Pandemonium. I roped the crazy critter with Jerry's lariat and tied him up to a tree. Then I got my hoss, with the tough dude tied onto him, and lit out for Elko.  When we got to town, I says, "Lis- ten, stranger, you're goin' back to Den- ver tonight, only you're goin' alone." Then I took my rope off him and let him go. The last I seen of him he was hot-footin' it to'rds the depot.  When I got back to the Pardo school- house, there was Jerry settin' on the teacher's desk claspin' Miss Woodstock to his breast. Her arms was twined round his neck and they was kissin' and cooin'.  Waal--after Jerry seen his future wife home, I and him brung old Pandemo- nium back to the Arrondale ranch; it was plenty late. On the way, Jerry ex- plained to me that the Bardonni party was a Denver pawnbroker, and also a bootlegger and gambler. The little lady pawned her pianna with him to git money to help her kid brother through college. Then he forced his intentions on her and was tryin' to make her marry him.  "But what's botherin' me," said Jerry, "is how I'm gonna break the news to Dad that Ruth is gonna be my bride!" I promised I'd help him, so when we put the steer in a corral, I went up to the house with him.  "Waal, boss," says I, "me and Jerry has got some very joyful tidings for you. Your son, here, has met up with his fate. He's rounded up a pretty little schoolma'am over Pardo way, and he's popped the question, and she's gonna take him for better or for worse."  "Say!" roared old Arrondale. "What I want to know is, have you galoots rounded up my Pandemonium yit?"  And when Jerry told him we had, "All right, then," he boomed, "I'll let you git married! You, too, Pete--if you want! Now, go git your supper!"