112 RANCH ROMANCES    cept by my eyes and my voice; so I used dark glasses and a fake whisper to fix that," said Jim. "I came back to get even for Dad's death--hung around the saloon until I got a clue. Then I cornered Stark alone, forced him to tell who the others were, then beat him to the draw. Afterward I went after the others, one by one, in a fair fight. Soon as the shooting was over I put my gunbelt under my shirt and ducked. The gang saw me, said, 'It's only Whisperin',' and rushed on by to find the killer!  "I put Lafe Jennings wise and he got together some close-mouthed men he could trust. After that strange election I had official standin'. Lafe's boys were ready and it was time to come out in the open for the show- down. I reckon that's all."  "But why didn't you tell me you were here--alive?" asked Grace.  "I couldn't. I had a big job to do.     Yuh'd have worried even more. Better for yuh not to know till it was over." He sighed. "Well, it's over now. Dad can rest easy in his grave."  "Yes, that's ended," said Grace.  "When yuh didn't recognize me I had a strange feelin'. as if I'd lost yuh," said Jim. "Does it matter to yuh, my face bein' changed? Do yuh feel that I'm a stranger?"  She looked at him smiling. "You look better than before, Jim, but ap- pearance doesn't matter anyway. I know that inside you're the same Jim Cranford I've always known."  "Then somethin' new is just begin- nin'," said Jim. The hard lines had faded out of his face, his dark eyes were soft, adoring. Gently he drew her toward him. "I mean our life together, Grace. I've always loved yuh--if yuh'll have me."  Wordless, she raised her radiant face to his.     The Youngest Brand Expert  ALREADY, at four years of age, Miss Frances Peters, of Midland, Texas, is accounted a cattle brand expert. She can draw accurately, name and identify more than sixty Texas cattle brands, and is learning more every day.  Her father, Marion Peters, is a famous col- lector of cattle brand drawings, especially those of Texas ranges, past and present.  For ranch children to learn to know cattle and brands, as well as something about tracks and "sign" at an early age, is not extremely unusual, however.  Jeanne Ellis, four-year-old ranch girl of     Tecolotenos, N. M., can already identify most of a hundred-head herd of her father's cattle. All the cows in this little bunch are named, and little Jeanne knows most of them at a glance. She rides her own horse all over her father's mountain cattle range with her parents, and she has noticed her daddy's method of locating cattle by tracks so often that when she read "Little Bo-Peep has lost her sheep and don't know where to find them," Jennie's comment was as follows:  "Well, goodness, Bo-Peep must be pretty dumb! I think she could at least look around and find some tracks!"