42 RANCH ROMANCES    lookin' for them. Joe's got a little grub an' a blanket an' he's jest prowlin' around, waitin' his chance. Don't be surprised if yuh hear of one or both of the Sandersons bein' dry-gulched.  "Joe'll make a better man at that work than Spider Glick. Spider was too proud of himself. He felt nobody could beat him to the draw an' he liked to get his men at close range. Allus said he liked to see 'em kick. But his foot shore slipped on his last try, Joe's more pa- tient. He'll get them buzzards, see if he don't."  Texas Jack cursed. "I'll shore buy him a drink if he does. An' say, I got an idee. Long as we're gonna clean this range of cattle tomorrow night, why not lug that gal along, too? The stuck-up little devil! I'd like a chance to tame her some."  A chorus of protest arose. "Nothin' doin'," came a voice that Loma recog- nized as belonging to Dopey. "We don't want no woman mixed in this. Cattle stealin' is bad enough, but woman steal- in' is out. Yuh try that, an' I quit the whole game cold."  There were several additions to Dopey's promise by others, and Texas Jack subsided.  Loma waited to hear no more. What she had listened to set every outraged fiber of her body quivering with anger. Something indescribably savage pulsed through her at the moment. She felt that, given opportunity, she could have shot down the entire crowd of traitor- ous, thieving riders whom she had fondly believed for a short, fatuous pe- riod, to be toiling in her interests.  But she was too level-headed to waste time in useless regrets and futile anger. Action was imperative--intelligent ac- tion. Soft as a shadow she whisked away from the bunkhouse to the cor- rals, thence back to the ranch house. Here she swiftly changed to shirt and overalls and boots. Leaving a lone light burning in her room, she belted on her revolver, took her rifle from where it stood in a corner, and slipped out into the night once more.     This time she left on the opposite side from the bunkhouse, circled far below the corrals, then cut directly southwest across the valley. The world was still and rapturous beneath the silver sheen of the moon, and under ordinary cir- cumstances, Loma would have been en- tranced by it, for in her, normally, lay a deep appreciation and response to the majesty of nature.  Tonight, however, she was coldly practical.  She welcomed the moonlight, merely because it made her progress easier. Straight across the valley she headed, aiming for the timber-shrouded ridge that separated her range from that of the Sandersons.  She had first thought of using a horse, but discarded the idea before the reali- zation that to do so would entail a big risk of discovery. By going this way on foot, she had little fear of de- tection.  In her lungs the crisp night air burned --pure and cold and energizing. The night was magic, vital. The timbered ridge moved rapidly closer, before her quick, firm stride; then she was into it, and climbing.  It was dark under the towering trees, and her pace was, of necessity, slower. But she scorned to rest, driving steadily onward before the stimulation of need and the electric fountain of perfect health and strength. Underfoot lay a springy carpet of pine needles, and the moist night air was heavy with pungent, throat-tingling essence of balsam.  The long trek ended, under the cold, brilliant stars of early morning. The bulk of the ranch buildings of the Quar- ter Circle S rose before her, still and slumbering. Thoughtful of old Eagle Sanderson and his need of quiet and rest, she went to the bunkhouse. The door was open and through it drifted the sound of heavy breathing and subdued snores.  "Sleepy!" she called softly. "Sleepy Burch!"  There came a stir from inside, the click of a gun lock.