16 ELSA BARKER    but he hated the part of sitting and wait- ing while someone else ran all the risks. Billy was brave to the point of foolhardi- ness sometimes, and while he wouldn't have minded making that dimb himself, it turned him sick to his stomach to think of the gay young redhead perhaps falling and rolling to his death.  Also, there were places where the slop- ing ledge came close to the top, where Billy would have to duck and crawl to keep from being seen by the man on the mesa. Would Billy have sense enough to resist the temptation to peek over the top to reassure himself the man was still there --and thus give his hand away?  Disgusted with himself, worried and impatient, Walt untied his horse and swung into the saddle again. That second trail down, going as it did along the back of the mesa, was out of sight of the man on the rock ledge.  That added to the cowboy's self-disgust. His was the nice, safe, easy part to play. This second trail was seldom used and known only to a few people. There was scant chance that the man would try to get away from this side.  Near the head of this little used trail, Walt retied his horse to one side, out of sight in a clump of trees, and took his stance behind a big rock.  He settled himself as comfortably as he could, rolled himself a smoke and lighted it. It was nearly four now. He might have to wait here hours before anything hap- pened. What in heck had made him ever think up such a cockeyed plan anyhow? Why hadn't they just rushed the guy like Billy had wanted to?  While his watch slowly ticked off half an hour he twisted, sweated, and batted at the big blue-green flies that, smelling blood, buzzed around his head and settled on his hands and face when he was still for half a second. With his mind he was trying to follow Billy's progress, guess when he would be safely around to the head of the trail. If he didn't hear any shots for an- other fifteen or twenty minutes, surely the kid ought to be safe.  And then suddenly he heard them--two of them! Rifle shots--and no answering spitfire from a sixgun!     Walt ran for his horse and hit the sad- dle. To hell with playing safe any longer! Those shots could mean only one thing-- that Billy had somehow exposed himself!  He raced across the open and rounded the curve of rock where he and Billy had argued over their plans, just in time to see the rump of a gray horse disappearing in the edge of the pifions on the other side of the mesa. He dug his spurs into his own tall bay and leaned low in the sad- dle--then suddenly reined the horse sharply to the right, over toward the rimrock edge.  The man on the gray was getting away, but he would have to let him go. If he felt safe enough to make such an open break, it must mean he knew he had hit Billy.  Only a few hundred yards from the mouth of the trail but lying huddled against a juniper, twenty feet below the rim, he saw the cowboy.  With hands that were quick and steady in spite of the sick, shaky feeling down in- side him, Walt tied one end of a lariat securely to his saddle horn, then went over the edge, hand over hand down the rope.  Billy's heart still seemed to be beating, but faintly and jerkily. With every heart- beat the blood was oozing in spurts from a round hole just under his collar bone on the left side. Walt went even sicker when he saw that hole, and he knew then that Billy's chances of survival were scant. He took off his shirt, tore out the sleeves and wadded them tight against the wound, then folded the rest of the shirt and but- toned it around the boy to hold the wadding in place.  He remembered with dismay that it was over ten miles back to the ranch. Billy, hurt as badly as he was, certainly couldn't stand to be packed in, jackknife style, across a saddle. He shouldn't even be moved, but neither could he be left here where there was scarcely room to stand without sliding downhill, and where if he awakened and tossed about with the strength of delir- ium he might go rolling off the ledge to certain death.  Walt slipped one end of the rope around Billy's shoulders, brought it up under his armpits and tied it under his chin with something like a hangman's noose. Then be