HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 51    fool! Joe Colinga made the mistake of trying to dry-gulch Eagle Sanderson the other day. Evidently you didn't know about that. But if you're waiting for Joe Colinga to do anything to Link you'll have a long wait."  Texas Jack knew that Loma was telling him truthful words. He hadn't heard about that particular incident, and he was visibly startled. But he steadied again. "Either way, it ain't gonna help yuh any. Yo're goin' with me. Yuh can take yore choice of comin' along peaceable, or bein' tied up. Which'll it be?"  Loma's brain had been racing. Her first furious anger at herself for being thus caught off her guard, gave way to desperate cunning. Her demeanor changed. She appeared to wilt, helpless with fright.  "D-don't tie me," she stammered. "I'll come quietly."  It gratified the brute in Texas Jack to see this girl apparently quailing in terror before him. He gloated over the spectacle. Loma had seemingly col- lapsed into tears. Her hands were over her face, her shoulders heaving con- vulsively. But had the renegade looked closely enough he would have seen, through her slightly spread fingers, eyes of stormy, smoky violet, watching him alertly.  He straightened up, removing his grasp. This was easy--too easy. He had thought all along that this girl had courage, that she was a fighter, and he had relished the thought of taming her. But here she was, in a typically femi- nine paroxysm of tears, shaking before his mere glance.  "Okeh," he snarled. "I won't tie yuh up, but if yuh don't come quiet, or if yuh try any tricks, I'll quirt the devil outa yuh. Stand up!"  She did, with an explosive sudden- ness that Texas Jack wasn't looking for. And as she gained her feet, one small, brown, tightly clenched fist curved up and out with all her hundred and twenty pounds of outraged dignity behind it. It landed with a very re-     spectable spat on the renegade's face, spinning him off balance. And, before he could recover himself, she had leaped off the porch and was running like a deer for the corrals.  Cursing and raging, Texas Jack went after her. But she beat him to the first fence, slithered over it just out of his reach and topped the next one before he could catch her. By the time the renegade had topped this one, she was among the sheds and feed barn.  Then began a game of desperate hide-and-seek. Honest fear tipped Loma's heels with wings, as she dodged hither and yon, just managing to keep her lead. She knew it could not last forever. Sooner or later, staunch as she was, this brute would tire her out.  However, she determined to fight for her freedom as long as she possibly could. She wondered if her traitorous riders had left a weapon of any kind in the bunkhouse. She began working around to make a dash for it. But Texas Jack, guessing her intent, headed her back.  He was cursing horribly. Loma thought of a drooling, mad animal. Her strength began to go.  "Link!" she murmured brokenly. "Link!"  She caught up a short length of wood and, with her back to the wall of a shed, determined to make a final, des- perate stand. There was just a chance that she might get in a lucky blow. With the club held high, she faced the renegade, her heart thundering cruelly, her breath coming in gasps.  Berserk, the renegade charged in. She swung the club with all her might, and Texas Jack caught the impact on an upraised, warding arm. The next moment he had her, his hands tearing at her like claws.  Neither heard the pounding, desperate hoofs of a horse, hammering to a halt not far away. Loma fought with all her strength, but knew it was a losing fight. The cry that came from her throat seemed to rise of its own accord, despairing, heart-broken.