6 RANCH ROMANCES   Her tan Solarmon Stetson was swept off, disclosing a head of sleek, blue-black hair, cunningly massed at the nape of her neck. Excitement built a fan of color in her cheeks, and her eyes, aston- ishingly blue, shone under a like stim- ulus.  "There they are, Buck," she cried. "We'll camp on them tonight and to- morrow we'll be home. Think of it, Buck--no more sand and heat and al- kali. No more ‘sour' water and bitter grass. I can't wait to get there."  Her mount, a square-built sturdy little buckskin gelding, rolled a lazy eye, wob- bled his ears a few times and proceeded to doze. He was quite willing to take his time and rest a bit. But the girl's eagerness was not to be denied. She donned her hat, lifted the reins and Buck stepped out obediently, the pack animals shuffling along behind.  Despite the direct impact of the sun, the air was vastly different from that of the desert. The added elevation of the tableland helped, and there was a soft, vagrant wind sweeping down from the Cobalts, crisp and invigorating and bearing a faint fragrance of balsam. Even Buck noted the difference and un- consciously quickened his pace.  A half hour slid by. The sun was slanting downward, heading for a couch in the misty blue of the distant moun- tains, where they curved, a hundred miles distant to the west. The first tim- ber was not far away now, less than a mile, and Loma could pick out individ- ual trees, giants which loomed above their fellows.  The last of the undulations of open land lay ahead, higher and steeper than any of the rest, and up this final slope the horses panted, to the accompani- ment of creaking leather. At the crest, Loma rose high in her stirrups to look over. Abruptly she settled back and reined Buck to a quick halt.  She seemed to hesitate just a mo- ment, before slipping from the saddle and dropping the reins to the ground. Then, crouching, she moved upward, taking off her hat again. At the very     crest she lay flat on her stomach, peer- ing through a handy clump of wild oat.  In the shallow swale beyond, little more than a hundred yards distant from her own position, were three riders. Two of them had their backs to her, while the third was facing towards her. Something about their postures sent a queer, gripping fear into Loma's throat. They were crouched in their saddles, leaning forward, their mutual gaze never wavering. The horses of the two with their backs to the girl, were mov- ing, sidling slowly apart.  And then, with startling speed, the one who sat his horse alone, spurred his mount to a rearing twist and raced off towards the timber, hunched low in his saddle. Quick as the move was, one of the other two was quicker. His hand lifted and steadied. There was a spurt of flame, a flat, thudding report, and the fleeing rider went headlong from his saddle, to lie a twisted blot upon the earth.  For a long moment, Loma did not breathe. Horror steeped in her veins at the cold-blooded maneuver she had just witnessed. But this did not keep her immune to a sudden wave of white- hot anger. She saw the other two rid- ers lift their horses to a run, heading for the timber where the dusk was be- ginning to gather in thick, purple shadows. Then she whirled, raced back to Buck, jerked out her rifle and panted to the crest again.  The fleeing horsemen were close to cover now, just a few jumps away. Swiftly the irate girl levered a cartridge into the chamber, dropped on one knee and took the best aim she could. The gun leaped in recoil and spanged its challenge across the world. She saw one of the distant horses rear and lunge, but it kept on going. Before she could shoot again, both riders were out of sight in the timber.  Careless and unthinking of her own safety, Loma rose to her feet and ran down into the swale towards the fallen man, rifle still clenched in her hands. She did not think of the chance that