Misdeal  By Elsa Barker  Was he really irresponsible, this seemingly carefree young cowboy with the gambling instinct? Lucy felt she had to know before she could dare to let her heart be won in this strange new and exciting Western country.    CHAPTER I  TO MOST folks it would have seemed funny that a man like Walt Carmack should be digging post-holes any time, much less out in the blistering heat of a mid- June sun. Walt was the grandson of old Lucky Jim Sanderson who owned the Lucky Diamond Ranch, and he and his semi-invalid mother were the only relatives the old man had left. The Lucky Diamond was a fair-sized outfit, with work to keep from eight to ten punchers busy most of the time.  Walt didn't mind digging post-holes but he was getting tired of being shoved off onto every dirty, menial task there was to do on the ranch. He could have done some- thing about it if he had been cut from a different piece of goods. He could have gone squawking to his grandfather, or he      could have flatly refused to do the work assigned to him. Instead he had tried to be fair-minded about it.  In a way he could understand how Ford Harrell, the foreman, felt about him. Ford had worked for Lucky Jim for thirty years. For the past twenty he had been foreman of the Lucky Diamond, but ever since Walt and his mother had come back to the ranch to live after the death of Walt's father, two years before, he had been scared stiff that he was going to be put out to grass and the young heir to the ranch given the job he loved.  Walt shoved his hat back, wiped drip- ping sweat from his forehead and took a generous swig of water from the canteen on his saddle.  He squinted approvingly down the straight line of new cedar posts he had set. There was a certain satisfaction in doing a good day's work even when he knew he'd never get any credit for it.  He paced off the distance for the next post, lined it up with his eye, and jammed the post-hole digger into the ground for a generous bite of earth.  From around the curve of the little rocky rise on his right came the sound of horses' hoofs and the metallic rasp of buggy wheels scraping on rock.  The buggy was a brand-new, spic and span affair, its red wheels still shiny from   4