LOBO LAW 117    wave to him. He couldn't distinguish her features from this distance, but he knew she'd be smiling and he knew exactly how the smile would curve her lips and fashion twin dimples in her cheeks. And so he grinned, and rode on across the mesa like a man with pictures in his mind, and five hours later choused the broncs into Lar- son's corral.  Alex Engle and his wife had already ar- rived. When the young husband tried to thank Rennevant for "stompin' that low- livered snake Hallmark," Rennevant said, "Can't use any thanks, Alex--but I could use a guide for a looksee at the range north of here."  "Sure," Engle said eagerly, "I'll be proud to show you. And I know a perfect lookout spot for keeping tabs on Double D."  Whereupon he proved it by taking Ren- nevant up the brush-tangled summit above Pyramid Pass, northern gateway to the hills.  Soon after they'd ridden off, Ed Wales arrived. Then Ollie Shannon rode in with his two teen-age sons, and an hour later Jim Highbaugh, Luke Yancey and Sam Stoval came, driving eight loose broncs ahead of them. Late in the afternoon Jeff Cruzatte wheeled into the yard with the Anvil chuck wagon piled high with provi- sions, extra Winchesters and ammunition.  "Makes a man feel young again," he de- clared grinningly, and shook hands with men he hadn't spoken to for months.  Soon after that Gabe Lee, oldest settler in the hills, rode in with his son-in-law, big, broad-chested Pete Meadows, and they were soon followed by the two Logan broth- ers, who completed the Pool membership.  At dusk, when Rennevant returned with Engle, he glanced reflectively at the camp- fire where Mrs. Larson and her daughter were helping old Gabe Lee prepare a chuck- wagon supper. The smell of Dutch-oven cooking made him remember the last round- up he'd ridden with his father, back in Texas seven years ago. There'd been no hate in him then, nor any notches on his gun....  Rennevant was thinking about that when Jeff Cruzatte called, "Come on over here where the boys can git a look at you,     Steve," and ushered Rennevant into the circle of firelight. "Here's our gun boss, the gent who made Bannerman's slug- slammers shiver in their boots!"  Rennevant's face turned ruddy. An old resentment stirred in him and for a long moment he stood moodily silent. Every man in the group seemed to be looking at him as if he were some sort of gunslick freak.  "Tell us how you want the work done," Jules Larson invited.  Rennevant shook his head. "The brush- poppin' is up to you and Jeff." he said bluntly. "Give me four men and I'll try to keep Bannerman's bunch from interfer- ing with your work."  "Who do you want to ride with you?" Alex Engle asked, eagerness brightening his eyes.  "You, for one," Rennevant said. Then he chose lean, lantern-jawed Jim High- baugh; Luke Yancey who was also on the lean, long-geared side, and big Pete Meadows.  "It's going to be rough," Rennevant warned. "I'd like that understood right now."  Ollie Shannon asked, "You reckon we're goin' to cut the mustard?"  Rennevant shrugged. "Mebbe yes, meb- be no," he muttered, and realizing that some of these men probably wouldn't live to see the roundup finished, added soberly, "It'll take some doing."  "A tol'able lot of doin'," Gabe Lee called from across the campfire.  "And a lot of dying," Mrs. Larson phophesied.  For a long moment then, as Mrs. Lar- son's words cast their spell on the group, there was a thoughtful silence. It occurred to Rennevant that most of these men had never drawn a gun against another man. No wonder they'd been afraid to buck Bannerman's gunslick riders; no wonder they'd waited until there seemed no other way of survival. And now that they de- cided to fight, what chance would they have?  As if in answer to that question, there was the rushing thud of hard-run horses at the edge of the clearing and a man's high-pitched yell: "Here comes company!"