Mail    Two Dotties   Dear Editor: We are two young girls of 17 who live in a small town. We'd like to acquire pen pals to help shorten those long winter evenings. We both answer to the name "Dottie" and have the same interests: sports, music, dancing and good poetry. Dottile B. is a blue- eyed blonde; Dottie H. is dark. We're both five feet size. We're competing to see whose mail box is filled first. DOROTHY HECKMAN DOROTHY BECKER Maine St., Shoemakerville, Penna.  Second Try  Dear Editor: I'm a lonely Western gal who, would appreciate lots of letters. This is the second time I've tried to enter "Our Air Mail" so please don't disappoint me. I am 15, with light brown hair and blue eyes. I sure do enjoy reading RANCH ROMANCES. Please, gals, send some letters my way. MARTY LACKEY  R 4, Box 313-B. Greeley, Colo.  A Rancheress  Dear Editor: I'd like to enter my plea for pen pals. May I? I am 19, have black hair and brown eyes. I live on a ranch. Enjoy collecting postcards, pictures and writing letters, Come on, pals, fill my mailbox. I'll answer every letter and send snaps to those who desire them. Enjoy reading RANCH ROMANCES so very much. DIXIE SCHROEDER  R 1 Box 172, McFarland, Calif.  Lonely Cowgirl  Dear Editor: How's chanccs of a lonely young cowgirl getting a few pals? I am 14, with brown hair and blue eyes. I was born and raised on a Montana ranch and am still living on one. My favorite pastimes are horseback riding, wrangling cattle and singing cow- boy songs. Would like to hear from people inter- ested in same things. Won't you please write? POLLY LUTTES  Box 1104, San Benito, Texas Seasoned Travler Dear Editor: I am a 19 year-old fellow who loves to write let- ters and collect postcards. I've been all over Europe and Asia and spent 18 years there. I can tell a great many stories of my travels and adventures there. Would liket owrite to fellows and girls of all ages. How about writing to me, pals? JAMES K. KRAUSS 65 1/2 Madison St., Maiden, Mass. Just Lonesome Dear Editor: Just a line or two asking for correspondence from either sex. I am 21 years of age, have brown hair and eyes. My mother passed away last spring and I get so lonesome that I'd like someone to write to, to help pass the time. MARGUERITE BALLARD  Box 67, Vimy, Alberta, Canada    Lonesome Widow  Dear Editor: I am a regular reader of RANCH ROMANCES and think they're just grand. I am a widow of and get eery lonesome some times. 1 hare thru children, but all are married. Though I hare a job and hare a hansi to take can of. I still hare time to write. Would like to hear from men anil women around my age. MRS. JULIA GREGORY  Rutherfordton, N. C.  Western Fan  Dear Editor: Hope you'll be kind enough to print my plea. I am 15 and have lived in Canton all my life. I hope that some day I'll be able to go out West because I love it. I love horses, and prairies also. Would like to hear from cowboys, cowgirls, ranchers and cattle- men. and I promise to answer all letters. BOOTS SHREFFLER  616 Seventh St., N. E., Canton, Ohio  Likes to Bowl Dear Editor: I'm a girl of 25, have dark hair and blue eyes. My favorite sport is bowling. Have been read- ing RANCH ROMANCES for several years and I think they are swell. I imagine it'll be lost of fun writing to pen pals. Everyone is welcome to write. GLADYS MILLER  1118 Weller Ave., Louisville, Ky. Young Married Woman Dear Editor: I have been reading RANCH ROMANCES for a long time and enjoy them very much. I'm a young married woman of 20, have brown hair and blue eyes. My favorite hobbies are collecting Western and train songs and writing letters. Would like to hear from single and married girls between the age of 16 and 25. Will try to answer all letters immediately. VIOLA E. MORRIS Dyer, Ind.   139