MUSTANGS WHITE AND BLACK 93    doubt drank at the Nueces River. Before modern ranchmen built tanks, drilled wells and put up windmills, the wide country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande was very sparsely watered. In some places it is a level country, all brushed today; in other places it is crumpled into high, rough hills and cut by deep canyons. About three miles from a water hole in one of these dry canyons there was, in the 40's, a Mexican ranch called Chaparro Prieto. The low rock house, with port holes against Indian attacks, and the adjacent corrals were lo- cated in a wide draw matted with mesquite grass. Nearby was, a hand-dug well that supplied water for the ranch people and for the saddle horses. All stock loose on the range watered at the big hole in the canyon, the only watering within a radius of many miles.  The hole was boxed in by the canyon walls on both sides and by a high bluff above it, leaving only one entrance--from the north. One hot afternoon a vaquero from the Chaparro Prieto, while riding near the water hole saw a lone white horse     he maintained an alertness in ears, eyes and nostrils. The wind was in the vaquero's favor. He cautiously slipped a hand over his mount's nostrils to prevent a possible whinny. As the horse passed nearer, he recognized him from descriptions he had often heard--as the Pacing White Stallion of the mustangs.  Here was a chance to rope what so many riders had tried and failed to capture. As has been said, there was but one entrance and exit to the boxed water hole. The vaquero knew that the thirsty stallion would drink deep and come back up the bank loggy with water. After the mustang had gone down the trail out of sight, the vaquero placed himself in position for a sure throw when the animal should emerge. The man was riding a fresh pony. He did not have long to wait.  Within a few minutes the long sought- for lover of freedom emerged, his ears working, his body refreshed, his senses more alert. He saw the trap and made a dash so cunning that he eluded the rope's throw. Quickly recoiling his riata for an-    He wheeled and with wide-open mouth rushed at his captor.     approaching in a slow pace from the north. At the instant of observation he was hidden by some black chaparral and was consid- erably to one side of the trail the horse was traveling.  The animal's behavior indicated that he had smelled the water. He was very gaunt, which meant he had not drunk for a long while. He was evidently jaded, but his footing, though weary, seemed secure, and     other cast, the vaquero spurred in pursuit. The Steed of the Prairies had come two hundred miles or more from his range on Onion Creek, besides pacing in great circles before he bad finally headed straight for the Rio Grande. His marvelous endurance was at last wearing out; the water that had refreshed him also loaded him down.  The second loop thrown by the fast-run- ning vaquero went over his head. But he did