22 ELSA BARKER    and she wanted to run, but she hated still worse to turn her back, and there was no- where to hide.  The rider opened the mailbox, appar- ently sorting over the mail for a certain piece. She saw him select something, tuck it in his coat pocket, then he lifted the black into a fast lope that took him quickly over the first little hill to the east.  If he had seen Lucy at all he had given no sign of it. It had been too far away for her to recognize him, although she thought she would have known most any of the regular Lucky Diamond riders, even with a mask on.  She saw at once, when she looked through the mail, that Lucky Jim's morn- ing paper was missing. But a newspaper seemed a queer thing to steal.  She left the mail at the big house and went on over to the stone cottage, her mind going like a coffee grinder. She knew she should tell someone what she had just seen. Maybe it had some reason- able explanation, maybe it wasn't impor- tant at all, but she would have to tell some- one. But whom? Certainly not frail old Lucky Jim, just ready to start on his trip to Mexico. That really left only Walt Carmack and Ford Harrell--or possibly Millie.  But telling Millie woud be just the same as telling Ford, for of course the ranch girl would go straight to her father about it. Lucy liked and respected Ford Har- rell, but he had an irritating way of smil- ing at things she said as if he thought she were even younger than twelve-year-old Susie.  She hated the thought of seeking Walt Carmack out, yet he at least might listen to her.  But when she went back to the big house after breakfast, Mrs. Carmack told her Walt had already left for the day. She didn't know where he had gone, probably to Cosecha, but possibly as far as the coun- ty seat at Oxville.  Lucky Jim, busy with last-minute prep- arations for his trip to Mexico, didn't men- tion having missed his newspaper, and Lucy, decided not to bother him by men- tioning it.  She began to feel a little like a kitten     chasing its tail. But once her mind was made up she could be a determined per- son. It was a Saturday and she was free for the day, so she saddled the gentle pinto Ford Harrell had assigned her and rode into Cosecha.  She stopped first at the drugstore, which was the only place in the sleepy little town that had a newsstand. She ran her eye quickly over the rack, then spoke to the soda jerker behind the fountain.  "Didn't the Santa Fe New Mexicans come in this morning?"  "Yes, ma'am, they did, but they're sold out. One man bought 'em all about an hour ago."  Lucy tried not to look as startled as she felt. "One man bought the whole bunch! For goodness sake! Who was he?"  "It was that greenhorn that used to run around with some of the Lucky Dia- mond punchers. Think he later got a job as clerk of the legislature."  Lucy stood perfectly still for a moment. Then she took a long breath. "Well, thanks," she said in a small voice.  When she went outside again her heart was pounding hard with anxiety. What in the world was Clark Bowles mixed up in now? The man she had seen this morn- ing at the mailbox was a larger, heavier- shouldered man than Clark. She was sure of that. If she found Walt Carmack now, how much should she tell him? And what could be so terrifically secret in a public newspaper?  She stopped at the two general mer- chandise stores, but neither of them took the Santa Fe daily. Then she thought of the bank.  It had been open only a few minutes and Gene Chipman had not yet come in. He had a big desk at right angles to the tellers' cages and his secretary was sorting the morning's mail there now.  Lucy spotted the paper she wanted among the heap of other dailies. She picked it up.  "Miss Bradley, I wonder if I could bor- row this? Ours didn't come this morn- ing."  The secretary hesitated only for a sec- ond. She knew how much time Gene Chip- man had been spending out at the Lucky