AMATEUR PAGE 137    and his pal were buried up on boothill. Whether I killed the man or whether he was shot by a member of the posse arriving a few minutes later is a question I have never asked. You see, I don't want to know.  Mrs. Mary Alice Brown, Albemarle, N. C.  Pegleg Pete  I'D like to sleep beneath the stars And listen to the coyote's howl. But I'd rather sleep in a nice warm bed And listen to a tomcat yowl.  I'd like to go on a roundup And ride and ride and ride, But I'd rather sit beside a fire And warm my tough old hide.  I'd like to drink my coffee from an old tin can But I'd rather have a cup. I'd like to be a lion tamer But I'd rather tame a pup.  I thought about being a sea captain And sailing a stormy sea, But in the old tin wash tub There's water enough for me.  I thought about marrying the widow And settling down for life, But I guess I'll just be a bachelor, I don't want no gosh-blamed wife!  Edith Beeman, Riverside, Wash.  Arena Dust  ONCE more they're fixing up the gear, Ten-gallon hats and boots; Once more there comes the ancient cheer As buckers leave the chutes.  Once more beneath an April sky, The snaky mustangs glide; Once more we hear the battle cry Of "Ride 'im, cowboy, ride!"  It's rodeo time and far and wide We interview our maps, Where dusty cowboys draw their ride And buckle up the straps.  Once more we leave the store and home To greet the good old crew; He's riding in from plain and dome, Our pal--the Buckaroo.  Let April wed the May time, And Spring divorce remorse; Let's take an equine playtime And follow old King Horse.  Olive Oldham, Bakersfield, Calif.     The Wild Stallion  AS still as a graven image, he stands on the mesa rim, Born to a life of freedom, not for servitude to men, A picture of latent power, a striking majestic sight To see it change at the hint of danger to a wild thunderous flight.   See how his mane is flowing, how his tail streams in the wind He's putting the distance behind him, he knows that he hasn't a friend Both man and beast are against him, but he's never been caught off guard A suspicious sound or unfriendly move, he's off and he's running hard.  Always on watch for the hunter, he's end- lessly testing the wind, Dodging the traps of the wranglers, but he's wild and free to the end; Wary and strong, he's fighting for the life that he lo.ves the best; The beautiful noble wild stallion, may he always be part of the West.  Elmer E. Brown, Ridgeview, W. Va.  Triangle  THERE was a charming se単orita With flashing teeth and eye, All the men who looked at her Just kissed their hearts good-by.  Nell was just a cowgirl Who could ride and rope and shoot, But she seldom had a date, For men she didn't give a hoot.  The se単orita, Nell, and a cowboy Met one night in June, Just two girls and a cowboy Beneath the silvery moon.  Nell knew right from the start That she loved this buckaroo But she knew just as well The se単orita loved him, too.  The cowboy flirted first with Nell Then with the Spanish miss, And devil that he was, From each he stole a kiss.  The se単orita used her charm And the cowboy sure fell, But somehow in the end He up and married Nell.  Edith Zink, Baltimore, Md.