LOBO LAW 99    known what fear was like. But I know now."  Rennevant fingered his sweat-stained hat. He kept seeing all the things in Anne that he'd ever dreamed of seeing in a girl. And because he knew that a man-hunting lawdog had no right to romantic notions, he damned himself for seeing them.  "All right," he said finally. "I'll ride for your father, just as a cowhand and not as a gun-rider. And I'm only staying a couple of weeks. Please remember that, ma'am."  A quick smile curved her fulsome lips. She reached out and took his hand and said, "I will. I'll remember our bargain, Steve. And from now don't call me ma'am. My name is Anne."  The intimate tone of her voice and the pressure of her slim fingers affected him tremendously. They put an emotion in him different from anything he'd ever felt.  "All right, Anne," he said softly.  For a brief moment then, while they stood with eyes in close communion, Steve Rennevant understood why countless men had fought and toiled and died for the women of their choice. Remembering that Dan Bannerman had endeavored to win this girl, he understood Diamond Dan's insistent desire to possess her. Here was completeness for a man; here were warmth and beauty and fragrance--a living shrine to worship and sustain.  And because all his perceptions were keyed to this fleeting, flawless clarity, Rennevant sensed a kindred emotion in Anne; knew without question that she shared some portion of the rising flame in- side him. As if in frank admission to that fact, her fingers tugged gently for release and she said, "Please, Steve."  Her voice was low, little more than a whisper. But the throb of suppressed ex- citement in it showed how surely she shared the emotion she'd aroused in him, how high a flame they had kindled together.  He released her fingers and when she said, "It's cooler outside." went with her to the tree-shaded bench at the far end of the veranda.  Presently he asked, "Why is Banner- man so set on owning Anvil?"  "Because he's a born range hog," Anne said. "Anvil and the Homestead Hills     would give Double D a clean sweep to the Mexican Border. If Bannerman owned An- vil he'd crowd the small outfits from the Homestead Hills and have graze enough to run the biggest bunch of cattle in Ari- zona Territory."  "Well," Rennevant drawled, "it's not a new idea. According to the Bible they had range-grabbing trouble way back when the Israelites were running cattle on the mesa land east of Jerusalem. I don't know whether those old-time cowpokes used cen- ter-fire saddles or double rigs, but they had the same ideas about grass and water."  Anne eyed him wonderingly. "I would never have guessed you were a Bible read- er," she said.  "I'm not. But my father was a religious man."  An old bitterness edged Rennevant's voice as he added, "My father believed in the Bible, and came as close to following it as a cowman could, but he died cussing the thieves that shot him."  "Is that why you take pleasure in fight- ing men like Red Haggin?" she asked. "Because you don't like thieves?"  "I hate 'em." Rennevant said flatly. "I hate the very sight and shape of a thief."  CHAPTER IX Something to Remember  MAYOR MATA- BELLE came across the veranda and spoke to Anne. Rennevant made ready to leave, but the mayor asked, "Are going to ride for Anvil?"  Rennevant nodded, giving the old mer- chant a deliberate appraisal.  "Then I want you to hear what I've got to say," Matabelle declared and joined them on the bench. "I've tried to stay clear of range squables," he said. "But it looks like we'll never have any peace around here until Dan Bannerman is chopped down to size. He's trying to talk Tate Kiley into foreclosing mortgages on five Pool ranches and wants Tate to sell them to him at half their real value. Tate doesn't want to do it, but the bank is over-