FIRE FRENZY 149    lip to steady herself, she looked up at him.  "Thanks, Shorty; there isn't any an- swer." She turned away with the note clenched in her hand, and ran down to her cabin.  Seated at the desk, she spread it out before her and incredulously read its surprising contents again.   Dear Kay: Don't be a fool! You're not the first girl to be kissed on a moonlight night! Josh Hastings has told me all about it, and his generous and hon- orable intentions toward you.  I certainly have no idea of com- ing back until the house is finished. You can insist on Babs coming, but you'll be pulling a hornet's nest about your ears if you do. I say again, don't be a fool!  Your affectionate, Aunt Kate.  Kay drew a long, quivering breath as she settled back and gazed at the door, where some flies buzzed drowsily in the heat. Suddenly, one of them brushed against a cobweb and became more and more enmeshed as it tried to get away. With an impulsive move- ment Kay jumped up, put a finger through the web and set the insect free.  "If only someone would do that for me!" she murmured, as she settled down and read Aunt Kate's letter again.  Forcing herself not to let her judg- ment be influenced by her indignation, she tried to consider the situation calmly. What Aunt Kate said about Babs was perfectly true. Kay realized that she hadn't any too strong a hold over Babs' headstrong and self-willed nature; and if she insisted on her com- ing back in the face of Aunt Kate's de- termination to stay, life wouldn't be worth living.  Viewed in the light of Aunt Kate's scornful reproval of Kay's attitude, it did seem ridiculous to make such a fuss about a moonlight kiss. By fore- stalling her, and telling Aunt Kate about it and his desire to marry her, Josh Hastings had cut most of the     ground for righteous indignation from under her feet.  There just didn't seem any way to fight this insidious move of Josh Has- tings to get her family under his in- fluence and lined up against her. She could tell Aunt Kate about his plot to get her timberland away from her; but that would involve telling the whole beastly experience with Scrap John- son. And Kay had none too much con- fidence in her aunt's discretion, to want to trust her with that story.  Besides, she'd probably explain away Josh Hastings' part in it by saying that he'd been trying to protect her from a foolish move. As long as she was caught in the trap, she might as well accept it gracefully. To have Babs at home, in a rebellious mood, when there was so much to be done, would be any- thing but a help; and to put such tragic emphasis on a kiss snatched in the moonlight was to magnify the impor- tance of it out of all proportion.  Reluctantly admitting that perhaps she had been a fool to be quite so hasty and dramatic about it, Kay crunched up the note and threw it into the waste basket.  CHAPTER XXIII Whose Gun?  TWO days had passed, and still there was no sign of Ted Gaynor. "I don't undertsand it, Flicks," Kay whispered brokenly, as she slipped off Flicker's bridle and leaned her head for a moment against his mane. "Do you suppose--" She broke off abruptly, as she saw Shorty coming towards her.  "Hi, there! Let me do that!" He took the bridle from her hand. "You hop to it and get some chow, or you'll be out of luck."  "Thanks, Shorty." Kay braced her- self and tried to smile. "Has everyone finished?"  "Seth and a couple of the boys are still there," Shorty answered, bending down to Flicker's cinch. "What d'you think of the timber we're cutting?"