24 ROBERT DALE DENVER    a half-broke bronc, and the chances are he'll head for the range where he was foaled. If he goes back to the ranch they might backtrack him here, unless the rain starts again. Which it's going to do--those clouds mean business. I hate to bury a man without benefit of coroner and preacher, but it's the only way to make Gary safe, and ourselves."  She nooded. "Go ahead. I can testify later how he ended. We'll never get out of here ourselves unless we're as hard as men like Hake." She brought two shovels from the wagon. "I'll help you," she added practically.  "No," he vetoed that. "You've seen too much already for a girl. You get busy on breakfast."  In an hour Roane had a grave dug and filled and hidden under the pine needles. Rain had started to fall again, a slashing downpour. He had looked in on Tom Gary every few minutes. The boy was in a bad way; no doubt about it.  He ate a hurried breakfast with Jean. They had just finished when someone called from the brush not far from the wagon. Back in the trees, Roane found Clayton Gary and his doctor brother, Will. Roane took them at once to the shelter where the doctor made a care- ful examination of his nephew.  CHAPTER V Fugitive Hunt  THE doctor-rancher, Will Gary, took his nephew's pulse and temperature; shook his head. "Tom can't be moved far," he declared flatly. "I can clean out that wound and give him enough opiate to put him to sleep, but he'd never live halfway to Dawn Can- yon if we tried to move him now by horseback. The jarring would reopen that hole and he'd bleed to death. The best we could do is to take him over part way by stretcher and the rest of the way in a rig at night, but I couldn't     recommend even that for a couple of days."  "But if we leave him here," argued Clayton Gary, "he's in danger of being tracked down and shot by these Cross Seven hounds."  "I don't think he'll be tracked down after these rains, stated Roane. "They may not even know anyone was shot last night. The man who shot him, Hake, came back here this morning to hunt for Tom. It's just possible Hake might not have told anyone of the fight. And Hake sure won't tell any- one now." Briefly he told the Garys of his encounter with Hake.  Dr. Gary nodded. "It's at least safer to leave Tom here than to try to move him on a horse. Leaving him in enemy country is bad enough, but it gives him a chance at least; taking him away now means he'd have none."  "If he's got to stay, he'll have to stay," said Clayton Gary resignedly. "I'll be here with him of course. You tell me how to take care of him."  "I'd stay myself if I could," said the doctor. "But with Mrs. Sam Neil expecting a baby, I've got to go back. And I couldn't do Tom much good by staying here. Keep his fever down; give him little to eat--that's all we can do. I'll clean out this wound and we'll hope that he dodges blood poisoning and pneumonia. Then I'll be starting back and plan to get here again tonight to see him."  Hastily Dr. Gary worked with the patient, after which he rode away, tak- ing a little used trail to return to Dawn Canyon.  Jean Carvel, who had stationed her- self on a little rocky pinnacle near the wagon to keep watch, hurried to the shelter to give warning that a group of riders, a dozen or so, had come up the road leading from the bottom of Dusk Canyon. Threllen, the Cross Seven manager, was leading them.  This brought a fresh complication. Roane went back with the girl to the pinnacle. Through the rain they saw that all the riders except two were