SHOW 'EM, COWBOY! 115    sudden interest in her to push his in- quiries further.  Near the end of the afternoon it be- came a question as to whether there was any job in the entire neighborhood open to a cowpuncher. But as Brady Wilson's need increased, so with each advancing hour did his determination become greater; he would not leave the section of country that was home to Doreen Landis. Finally, as he strolled towards the post office, thinking he might encounter someone else from out of town, the storekeeper beckoned from his doorway.  "Hey," came in Barnes' wheezy voice. "Hey, young feller! I just heard of something, if you're right set on a ranch job."  "Sure am," Brady answered, turning to mount the steps.  Abel Barnes surveyed him for a mo- ment with pursed lips. "We-ell," he said slowly, "Gates was just in here, on his way home, and he'd heard of a place on the Oliver Ranch--the Double O. They need a feller bad, soon's he can get there. One of their men broke both his legs this mornin'."  Wilson nodded as he heard the name of the outfit. To work under Jordan Gates would have been a pretty tough proposition. But he wondered why the storekeeper regarded him with that lurking doubt in his eyes. Probably the Double O was a hard outfit to work for. Brady squared his shoulders.  "Thanks," he said, "I'll head right that way." He was thinking. "I can stand it till I land something better. I've gotta stay till I get acquainted with Doreen Landis. Those blue eyes of hers have got all the magnets in the world beat. I couldn't ride away from here, nossir!"  Barnes gave explicit directions re- garding the trail to the Double O. "Just tell Jude Oliver you've come to take Hank's place," he said, again giv- ing Brady an odd, close look. He seemed about to add something, then closed his lips tightly as if to imprison the words.     "Anything the matter with Oliver's outfit?" the cowboy ventured, with a humorous glance.  "No, no--nothing a-tall," came the quick denial. "Jude's the finest hombre hereabouts. Couldn't tie to a better boss."  "Humph!" Brady ejaculated. As he turned away from the store, he thought. "There's something queer about the whole deal. Wonder what it is?"  But he headed at once for the Double O. It would take brisk riding to reach the ranch before dark and he had the urge of an empty stomach. As he rode from town he reflected that Doreen Landis had turned in that same direc- tion when she drove off in the morning, which offered hope that she might live somewhere in the neighborhood of the Oliver outfit.  The sun was just vanishing below the peak of an upthrust mountain, leaving a golden glory diffused over the sky, when he turned from the high- way to follow a grassy road towards the ranch buildings a half mile distant. The nearer he came, the more pleasant and well kept the place appeared. Be- sids the spacious ranch house his ob- servant gaze located a roomy bunk- house, numerous neat outbuildings and several pole corrals.  Brady smiled. Already he was aware of a comfortable, home-like feeling. "Looks good to me," he decided. "The next thing is to find Doreen."  Voices came from the bunkhouse. It seemed supper must be over, but the clear air bore the aroma of coffee, hint- ing that it was not too late for a warm meal.  As Brady approached the house a heavy-shouldered man whose roughly carved features indicated a character of some force, emerged from the door. He gave the cowboy a quick, keen glance.  Brady reined in. "Howdy," he said. "I guess you must be Mr. Oliver--my name's Brady Wilson. Heard you're looking for a man to replace someone