34 RANCH ROMANCES    set. When Link finished, the rancher nodded.  "Yuh come to the right place for in- formation, Sanderson. To my knowl- edge, Pete Hancock has bought two sizable herds of Bar C 88 stock. It was reasonable an' didn't strike any of the rest of us in this country as bein' off- color deals, so I didn't pay much at- tention."  "What brand does Hancock run?" asked Link.  "The Lazy H. His range is east, some ten miles from here. He's less than a dozen miles from Splitrock, on the A. M. &amp; Southern Railroad. Split- rock is the shippin' point for all us fellers around here. I reckon that's a point that interests yuh?"  "Plenty," said Link. "What kind of a reputation has Hancock got?"  "Nothin' to brag about. Jest figger out yore own reactions to him, now that yuh know who he is, an' yuh won't be far wrong. He ain't got caught at nothin' crooked yet, but we keep an eye on him."  "Then yuh wouldn't put it past him to buy rustled stock?"  "No, I wouldn't. If there's a dollar to be made easy, Pete Hancock will go after it, an' his morals won't trouble him a bit. Him an' me don't get along nohow, an' he's been takin' out a lot of his spleen against me by gettin' Johnny to drinkin' an' gamblin'."  "This Pasco an' Jardine--who were they?"  "Couple of Hancock's riders. I'm tellin' yuh again--no loss."  Link was silent for a time, thinking. He nodded slowly. "I reckon I got the story. Deuce Coburn made a deal with Hancock. He's been drivin' Bar C 88 stock onto Hancock's range, ventin' the brand an' shippin' from Splitrock. Then they divvy up, Hancock gettin' so much cut for the use of his iron. Well, I reckon I can figger out a way to put the crusher on 'em. I want to catch Coburn with the goods on him, if I can. Here's my idee. See what yuh think of it."     Link talked for some time again, with Bidwell listening closely. Bid- well agreed. "I'll do it, but I won't take a cent of pay for it. My boys will be plumb tickled at the chance of a scrap. They been gettin' restless be- cause life has been so quiet lately.  "You jest send word when yuh figger the time is right an' we'll be on the job. An' in the meantime, I'll send 2 rider down to Splitrock to make some inqui- ries. I'll let yuh know what he finds out. When'll yuh be haidin' for home?"  "Soon as it gets dark. There'll prob- ably be a fuss raised over that ruckus in Buckeye an' the sooner I get on my way, the better. If they try an' put any blame on Johnny, give 'em the laugh. The kid didn't throw a single shot--but he was goin' to. He's game, all right."  Two hours later Link ate supper with the Bidwells, bade them good-by and went out to his horse, which had rested and fed. Johnny went with him. As Link swung into the saddle, he looked down at the boy.  "Back in Buckeye, after that mix-up, yuh said yuh owed me one, Johnny. I agreed with yuh an' said I'd exact pay- ment later. I'm gonna take that pay now. I want yore promise as a man an' a friend, that yuh'll leave the likker an' cyards alone--from now on. Remem- ber--on the up an' up yo're to behave yoreself. Savvy?"  "Yuh heard what I told Dad," said the boy. "I meant it. I'm done."  Link leaned over swiftly, with cut- stretched hand and gleaming smile. "Good kid. We'll shake on that."  THINGS were quiet and, on the sur- face, amicable enough around the Bar C 88 headquarters. Loma Carlyle, with true feminine ardor and an eye for beauty, called on Aunt Molly Downs for advice and suggestions and began outlining plans for beautifying the house. They discussed window cur- tains, some new pieces of furniture and a rug or two.