46 DOROTHY L. BONAR    and a posse," he advised hurriedly, kindly. "Wade's up in the mountains above Wind River Pass. I'll have to cut across some pretty rough country to get there in time. You're in no shape for a ride like that."  "I wish I was as sure of saving Ruth as I am of being at your heels when you get there!" said Tracy grimly.  Hal gave him, a straight look, then struck spurs home, sending his mount thundering on its way. So hard a pace did he set that they were high in the foothills by the time darkness had settled upon them in earnest. Yet not once did Tracy lag behind.  The memory of Ruth's look, of his own unforgivable transgression, was as a lash driving him. Truly a day of reckoning had come, but for Tracy Holt, not the two to whom he had promised it--reckoning at last for the stubbornness and black pride against which Bob Crane had warned him so long ago.  HIGHER and higher they climbed, and it seemed that hours passed. A fear that Hal had lost his way began to harass Tracy. He was on the point of calling out, when his guide reined up on an open promontory.  "It'll be close," announced Hal. "That's the train down there."  Guided by his pointing hand, Tracy picked out a tiny light in the black depths below. His heart gave a leap as his com- panion reined to the side, sent his horse sliding down a steep declivity. In a mo- ment they came upon a pair of iron rails gleaming dully in moonlight.  They left their horses in a patch of tim- ber. Ten minutes later they were looking upon the squat, dark shape of the water tower. On a siding beyond stood a box- car emitting a feeble glow of lantern light. A low roar, growing out of the night, warned of a locomotive laboring up the steep grade through the pass.  As Tracy turned over in his mind the best method of attack, the engine's whistle cut the air--one long blast followed by two short ones. Plainly it was a signal, for at once a man's figure filled the open door of     the boxcar. Tracy's blood burned with recognition of Lawton. The whistle was re- peated. The outlaw dropped to the ground, calling out,  "Here she comes, boys!"  As both his henchmen followed him out- side, Tracy said to Hal, "We'll have to be quick. The train crew's on their side."  Three quick strides put space betjrveen them. Then his gun was in his hand. "Law- ton!" he called out sharply.  The outlaw leader gave a violent jerk. The next instant he was whirling, hand a blur of motion. It clawed only air, how- ever, for Tracy's bullet caught him in the chest and slammed him sideways. Fall- ing, he jarred one companion from his tracks, so that Hal's shot did nothing but bare an outlaw's head.  Tracy heard the other's muttered ex- clamation. Impetuously Hal Davies start- ed forward as Lawton's followers made for the end of the boxcar, returning fire as they ran. Tracy sent one plunging forward on his face. "Hal! Come back!" he shouted, sprinting in pursuit.  Whether or not Hal would have heeded the command was never to be known, for in that moment Hal and the remaining enemy fired at each other simultaneously. The outlaw folded up and fell slowly. But Hal made an abrupt lunge, as though hurl- ing himself bodily at his objective, hit the ground with a force that rolled him over, and lay still.  Frantic, Tracy bent over him. For Ruth's brother to be killed would be the final calamity, the last unforgivable mark in the black score against him. But Hal was breathing evenly, bleeding at one shoul- der.  So violent was Tracy's relief that reac- tion brought all the weakness of his own condition swooping down upon him. He staggered to the boxcar door, made it in- side because something like a roar--the approaching locomotive--seemed to be driving him onward.  Somehow he found Ruth amidst moun- tains of baled hay, set her free. He re- membered whinnies and the stomping of hoofs, a struggle with a loading platform. Then something was creeping up on them with snorts and pants, sending ahead a