66 RANCH ROMANCES   "I shore admire the way you wrangle the guitar, laddie," says I. "It's down- right inspirin' the way you render that Spanish Cavalier ballad!"  "Heck, Pete, 'tain't nothin' to speak about," says Jerry, grinnin' broad and flushin' up. He was a big, brawny ran- nigan with curly black hair and flashin' blue eyes.  "It's plumb scrumptious, if you ask me," says I. "Boy, almost since child- hood's earliest hour I've had me a se- cret longin' to whang on a guitar like you do. S'pose you could learn me to strum a few ditties?"  Jerry let out a roarin' laugh. "You're durned tootin' I could, you old mav- erick!" he yelps. "If you got a ear for music, I can learn you to play chords and you can set and howl Home on the Range and The Cowboy's Lament to a fare-you-well! I'll start workin' on you tonight after supper."  But as luck would have it, we come joggin' past the district schoolhouse just then, and less'n a second after Jerry spoke, two piercin' screams split the ozone. We wheeled our hosses round, and before we was out of our saddles, nine young'uns come shriekin' from the schoolhouse, follered by the teacher.  "What's up?" yelled Jerry, runnin' to'rds 'em with me right at his heels.  "A snake!" cried the teacher, wide- eyed and tremblin' with terror. "A huge rattler--coiled up behind the stove!" She swayed and would've fell in a heap if Jerry hadn't gripped her arms. She was all aquiver, so Jerry just lifted her in his arms and carried her to a bench under a big pine tree in the school yard.  "Just set quiet and calm yourself!" he said, puttin' her on the bench and fan- nin' her with his hat.  "I'll 'tend to Mister Snake!" says I, rushin' into the schoolhouse. Shore 'nuff, there was a reptile coiled up be- hind the stove, but 'twasn't no rattler, so I picked it up and went to the door and yelled:  "Your visitor ain't no rattlesnake,     miss; just a bullsnake--plumb harm- less!"  I hated to kill the pore thing, but I knowed that pretty schoclma'am would worry herself sick wonderin' if it might come back again, so I took it up into a little gully behind the schoolhouse and done away with it. The little boys fol- lered and watched me bury it. When I come back to the tree, Jerry was settin' on the bench beside the little lady, gazin' with admirin' eyes at the glossy sheen of her dark, wavy hair.  "Hope you're feelin' better now, miss!" he said. "You needn't have been scared, though. Them reptiles is meek and gentle--they keep the rattlers away."  "Anyhow, that one won't never bother you no more," I chimed in.  "Thank you a thousand times!" she said in tremblin' tones, givin' us a flashin' smile. She had big, brown eyes with a pleadin', lingerin' glow in 'em that made you ketch your breath when she leveled 'em straight at you.  "Guess we'd ought to interduce our- selves," said Jerry, risin' up. "I'm Jerry Arrondale from the Arrondale ranch, southeast of here--and this here's Pete Carberry." I bowed to the lady.  "I am Ruth Woodstock," she said, blushin' pretty. "I don't know how to thank you, gentlemen, for your timely assistance."  "You don't have to thank us for nothin'," cried Jerry. "I'm mighty glad to know you, Miss Woodstock!" He laughed hearty. "You was plenty up- set!"  "I was near fainting," said the girl. "It was silly of me."  "Say, I don't blame you a-tall!" cried Jerry. "I get shaky just like you did, when I meet up with a rattler." He set down beside her again. The little lady give him one of her pleadin' looks, smilin' gorgeous. He gazed into her big brown eyes and sighed. Looked like they was hypnotizin' each other. To anybuddy that's been mixed up in as many match- makin' contracts as what I've been, it was a plain case of mutual beguilement,