16 ROBERT DALE DENVER    down softly until he was certain there were no sticks to crack under them. There was no further call, but he heard several groans. Someone had been shot, but an injured man if still alive can be as dangerous to someone wanting to help him as to an enemy.  Pushing aside a growth of small pines, Roane looked out on a little open space. The light was just sufficient to show the dark blot of a man lying on his back. Roane moved in quietly to kneel by the fellow's side, first making sure that the fellow had no gun. The wounded man's hands were empty and drawn up under his right shoulder.  Roane struck a match, cupped it. The man was a long, sandy-haired cowboy somewhere in his early twenties. His eyes were closed. Another match in a swift examination showed that his pair of high-heeled boots were much small- er than those worn by the man who had ambushed Roane and Andy. This cow- boy was a victim of that ambusher, which warmed Roane to him at once.  Building a little fire out of dry twigs, he took away the clenched hands and found blood soaking the flannel shirt just below the shoulder. Cutting away part of the shirt revealed a hole made by a bullet which had smashed through the man's right side high up, leaving a gaping wound from which blood flowed freely. To staunch the flow Roane divided his neckerchief to make two wads, fastening them with strips of cloth torn from the man's shirt. Hearing the murmur of a creek not far away, he brought a hat full of water to pour some down the throat of the man, who had begun to whisper faintly, "Water!"--still without opening his eyes.  There was not much help Roane could give. A doctor was needed here.  They were, Roane knew, somewhere on the big mesa above the Cross Seven headquarters, in Dusk Canyon. He could go down the trail and along the canyon bottom until he came to the ranch, but that would be a long time to leave the young fellow; maybe too long.     In cutting away the blood-soaked shirt, he'd heard paper crinkle in a pocket. Examining the paper now, he found it was a letter addressed to one Tom Gary. If this were one of the Garys, deadly enemies of the Cross Seven, that did away with his idea of going to the Cross Seven for help. There would be no help there for a Gary.  Looking about him, he suddenly saw a faint glimmer of light through the pines to the north. Climbing a little hill, he could see the mounting flames of a fire; a fire started recently, since he had not seen it before. It offered a prospect of help, and he started off on a trot.  Near the campfire which was burning low by the time he came near it, he saw the gray tarp of a covered wagon. He raised a hail. It was not answered, but as he went close to the wagon, a voice sounded from behind him--a fem- inine voice.  "Drop that rifle," the voice ordered him firmly. "Then put up your hands and march toward that fire and don't try any tricks."  "Yes ma'am; no ma'am," he said meekly, and letting his carbine fall, went along with his hands up. He grinned a little. He liked that voice despite the attempt of its owner to make it sound very harsh and forceful.  Reaching the fire he calmly used a moccasined foot to kick up the fire, then turned to look at his captor. She was a girl of sixteen at most, he judged, garbed in a blue skirt, leather jacket, high-heeled boots. Her hair, brown with luminous lights caught from the fire, was fluffed above a dark-eyed face that was the prettiest Roane had ever seen. A mighty cute kid, despite the double- barreled shotgun she held in a business- like manner.  "Sorry to disturb you, Miss," he said, "but I ran onto a man who's been shot and is in a bad way. He's lying close to the place where this road drops through the rimrock. I'd like to bring him here to be taken care of. Laying