CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 41    tangle of the doorway, but no one ap- peared in it.  Only after a few moments was she able to move at all. Then, horror-struck, she hurried back to the window where Linda and Nab were waiting in dark- ness. They helped her into the room where she still trembled violently. Then, getting control of herself, she told them briefly what had happened.  Threllen had come into the court. "You heard that shot?" he called.  "Of course I heard it," said Nab tartly. "It was like a cannon. How could I help but hear it?"  "I'll tell you about it in the morn- ing," he said. "Don't worry; someone just accidentally discharged a gun. Tell you all about it in the morning," he added reassuringly.  They waited a few minutes, then, slipping out of a back window, they left the house. A light was shining in Hamlin Stevens' quarters; through the uncurtained windows they saw Linda's uncle sitting at a table which had an array of bottles on it.  "He shouldn't be left here," said Linda. "At least we could give him warning."  "That hog," muttered Nab. "He's so worthless that no one would trouble to kill him. He's too drunk to heed any warning anyway."  They hurried on into a little orchard above the ranch, and went through it before dropping into the main canyon. When they were clear of the house, Jean Carvel told them more in detail what she had seen and heard: the threats of Coulter, and the shot from the unseen assassin.  Andy had the gray Carvel team hitched to the buckboard up canyon. Roane and Clayton Gary used the stretcher to carry the helpless Tom Gary to the rig. The saddle horses had been brought there. The three women swung into the saddles, and they start- ed off, Clayton Gary driving the rig slowly, with Andy and Roane acting as guard, one up ahead, one at the back. There was always a chance of running     into some rider. From the bunkhouse came an occasional yell; the men com- ing out with Coulter must have brought out a supply of whiskey.  The buckboard wheels ground on the rocky trail, despite the slow pace Gary used in driving, but they were far enough away so the noise could not be heard at the Cross Seven.  Jean's heart lightened a little with each rod of trail they covered. Reach-  HAMILTON STEVENS  ing the side canyon that climbed to the rim, Gary pushed the team into a trot on the easier grades. Their luck had held so far, but they guessed it had deserted them when, as they neared the rim, out of Dusk Canyon welled a tremendous clatter of hoofs and loud- pitched yells.  They stopped. If their flight had not been discovered, the cavalcade might continue along Dusk Canyon. Or if the riders turned up the side canyon, the fugitives could push into the brush to hide.  That hope died as the riders halted at the forks of the trail. Matches flared; the rider group was looking for tracks. Plainly they were following the buck- board.  Maybe the absence of the women at the house had been noticed. At any rate, the flight had been discovered.