EIGHT SPOT 91    the darkness than the wounded man be- haved like a very undisciplined invalid. Brutal as the pain in his head was, he slipped out of the bed, whisked out to the living room of the ranch, and there possessed himself of two articles--a deck of cards and the late Henry Ev- erly's revolver.  Battling the blinding dizziness which seemed to club at his brain, he got back into his bed without being observed, tucked the revolver under the bed- clothes by his hip and then performed a peculiar operation upon the first eight spot of cards which came to his hand-- it happened to be an eight of clubs. He carefully poked out all the black spots, leaving a white oblong of pasteboard with eight symmetrically arranged punctures in it.  Sally came back with the sheriff.  "Honey," Jack told her, "us men'd now admire to stage a stag party. Would yuh be good an' kind enough to round up the Judge, Blue Bart, Titus, an' the Doc? Those four'll be sufficient. Send 'em in to me, an' wait awhile out- side."  If Sally Everly resented this brusque taking over of her authority she did not, at least, evidence it. Or--just maybe--she reminded herself that she was no longer the boss here. With the loss of the bonds the Rail Fence was no longer hers; it would be corralled by the bankers. Gracefuly enough, therefore, she took orders from her foreman!  Silent, evidently uneasy, the four men who had thus been summoned came trooping into the ranch house bed- room.  Sheriff Arp stood just by the door, so that all four had to pass him and stand a little in front of him as they faced the man in the bed.  "I have here," said Jack Williams, producing the postcard the sheriff had loaned him, "a right interestin' docu- ment. We've all of us used stencils-- Smack 'im, sheriff!"  The keeper of the Bodega, Blue Bart, had suddenly gone for his sixgun.  So swift had been the move that the     slow-witted sheriff had not been pre- pared.  Only the very mercy of the extreme speed of Bart's draw, which made aim- ing difficult, sent the first bullet sogging into the wall over the bed's head-board.  Jack's gun spoke then and Blue Bart went down.  The neat packet of bonds was in the dead man's inner pocket.  THE room had been tidied up by the removal of the remains. The wounded man and his nurse were alone in the lamplight.  Sally was still eying that betraying postcard, with the punctured eight of clubs superimposed upon it. As in a stencil the eight damning words stood out through the soles in the playing card:  easy box to open here Saturday hurry bart  So that was the reason for the muti- lated eight spot! It was a sort of secret decoding device which enabled the men to read the cryptic messages sent them by their chief.  The invalid, grinning, observed: "This'd sure make a funny-soundin' story, you doin' all the fightin', takin' all the risks, gettin' away from those rogues, and me just lyin' here dreamin'."  "And finding me the money!" Her fingers caressed his hot forehead.  "Sho', I had to find yuh yore money, sweet. But this yarn sure got saddled backward."  "What was the old song, dear?" she couldn't help teasing him tenderly. "For men must work and women must weep!"  "That poet sure pulled a boner. It went hind end to, this time."  Sally said: "Of course I do like to be called brave. But darling, you are smarter."  "No." His cheek touched hers. "It's only the result of a wicked an' wasteful youth, honey. I just know more about playin' cards."