54 RANCH ROMANCES   Wardell turned in his saddle, his stern eyes narrowed. "Comin' hell for leather. Bad news! Damn! That's Curt Jones, who ought to be down in Mexico with Lin!"  They waited, breathless. Then the man raced up to them; his horse slid to a halt.  Curt, dusty, haggard, waited for no greeting, but broke out, as he halted, "Lin's in bad trouble, Mr. Wardell. Them cattle were lousy, an' Lin went wild over the long ride he'd had for nothin'. I tried to tame him down, 'cause he had yore roll and we needed to keep cool. Couldn't do nothin' with him. He knocked Mendoza down; an' when the fellow hops up, he goes for his gun. 'Course, Lin beat him to the draw --kilt him."  Molly whitened at the news, clutched at the bars for support.  "This here Mendoza," Curt went on, "was a cousin of General Yznaga's. The general and his men was expected in an hour, ridin' through there. Lin was jailed, and yore roll, o' course, disap- peared in the process, boss. Yznaga come in sooner'n they expected, and I got private speech with him. He said Lin would be shot at sunrise, an' I said if he'd give me time to get to you, yuh'd ransom him."  Wardell looked grim at this, and said nothing.  "But this here Yznaga," the cowboy continued, "he's a dandy, and a great horseman. He's horse-mad, like some folks are money-mad. He says to me if I'll bring him Ace, the golden stallion, he'll take the horse in exchange for Lin's life, an' let Lin escape secretly. Yznaga was up here once and seen Ace. Tried to buy him from Kit Bridger, but couldn't.  "So, ridin' relays, I came to Kit Bridger's place, an' told him what Yznaga said. Kit says, ‘Reckon yuh know Lin Derry sent me word, just afore he went down into Mexico, that he aimed to shoot me on sight when he got back. He picked a quarrel with me over nothin'. Wardell stepped in be-     tween us, but that only put the matter off. Now yo're askin' me to send the only thing I care about down into the hands of those Mexicans to be rode to death, cut to pieces with a quirt. Ace saved my life twice, an' I'll not do it.' "And says Kit, moreover, ‘Reckon yuh got sense enough to know, Curt, that if Yznaga did let Lin escape from jail, he'd see to it he was shot while he was runnin'. It's a little Spanish custom.' " "And I'll bet Kit told yuh," Wardell interpolated harshly, "that if yuh went back down into Mexico yuh'd never leave there alive, once yuh delivered the stallion. That Mendoza had a follow- ing; Yznaga wouldn't dare leave anyone alive who knew he'd traded the life of Mendoza's killer for a horse."  "Yeah," Curt said wearily, slipping from his saddle and supporting him- self by an arm hooked over the saddle horn. "He said that. So I bor- rowed me a fresh horse from Kit and come on fast as I could."  "Kit Bridger's heartless, cruel!" gasped Molly. "But we'll get up a res- cue party! We'll save Lin!"  Her father shook his head. "Yznaga has that section of Mexico under mar- tial control. We couldn't raise three men for an expedition like that, because it would be suicide for all of us. I'm sorry for Lin, Molly. I'm sorry for yuh. But. . . ." He stopped and turned to Curt. "Come on up to the house. Time yuh had food and drink."  Curt ate, drank, fell across the bed pointed out to him, and slept like a log.  Meanwhile Molly wept and argued. But at last her father made her see clearly that nothing would induce either himself or his friends to attempt a res- cue. This was confirmed by two of the neighboring ranchers who rode in on business. Both of them said, just as Wardell had done, that they were sorry for Lin. But something chill about their regrets made it plain that the devilish temper Lin had shown in the past two years had wrecked all the good-will the neighborhood had once felt toward him.  That night at ten o'clock Wardell