48 ROBERT DALE DENVER    course above the cliffs. Lee Gary was left to guard against any attempt at further escape by way of the water course.  When the party reached the ranch, they found that the guns of the men trapped in the gorge were still. The one man who had slid back safely had returned to his companions to tell them of the disaster that had met Coulter, Threllen and the others. Everything had been staked on the hope that the Threllen-Coulter group would be able to surprise the ranchers from the rear. With that hope gone and their two leaders missing, they had no resistance left.  Hungry and disheartened, they asked for a parley. A little later they marched out with their hands up. They were herded with the other prisoners into a little natural rock pen, where they were given food and held under guard.  By this time nearly the whole popu- lation of Dawn and Star Canyons had arrived at the Gary ranch. A few men argued hotly for a wholesale hanging of the Cross Seven gunmen, but cooler counsel prevailed. Some of the men working for the Cross Seven might have been persuaded that they were fighting on the righteous side of a range war; their punishment was for the courts to decide. As for two of the ringleaders, Threllen was dead and Dr. Gary gave Coulter but a few hours to live.  A committee of three men was chosen to ride to Hurley, to notify not only the sheriff, a close Coulter friend, but in addition a score of leading citizens who would be asked to come out to thresh over the battle of Gary Gorge and the events leading up to it.  Meanwhile the ranchers of Dawn and Star Canyons were quietly jubilant. They had lost no men in the battle in the gorge. Young Tom Gary, for the first time since he had been carried to Jean Carvel's camp, was pronounced out of danger by his uncle. Dan Car- vel's broken leg needed only time to mend.     Roane Brandon and Andy Partle had headed for the kitchen, with the satis- faction that the job which had brought them to help Linda Stevens was done. She had escaped the dangers which Nab had rightly feared threatened the girl.  The kitchen was crowded with strange women, which was all right with Andy Partle. He barged right up to the stove, grabbing an empty plate on the way. Roane, however, hesitated in the doorway, and Jean Carvel, know- ing what he had come for, filled a plate with the old ranch standbys, beef and beans, and brought it to him. Then while he ate on a bench outdoors, she sat beside him.  "All over," he remarked cheerfully. "And they raise mighty good-tasting beef in this country. Raise almost as good cattle, I guess, as they do horses."  "Can't you forget horses?" Jean said teasingly.  He put down his plate and laid his hand on hers. "It's a good idea to try to forget things like those that hap- pened last night, Jean. I'd rather re- member the campfires I saw in here, and seeing you by their light. I'd like to see you beside a lot of campfires, in these canyons, Jean. What's happened in here was horrible, but it wasn't the fault of the canyons--just the wrong sort of people. I like this country; I'd like to stay in it. Clayton Gary and the doctor have talked to me about taking over the job of gathering their horses and selling them."  "I've got a better job for you that that. Linda told me that she'd like to have you take over the job of running the Cross Seven. You and Tom Gary. Linda's certain now that her father was never insane, and she's not afraid to marry Tom."  "It could be worked out--to work for the Cross Seven, I guess," admitted Roane. "I'm kind of thinking that my partner will want to be over here near Nab. We could sell our ranch for enough to buy an interest in the Cross Seven. But I'd do that only if you