100 STEPHEN PAYNE    trout. She had biscuits browning in the oven, lima beans simmering in a pot, potatoes frying in a skillet. She heard the brown car chug-chug into the yard and pull up beside the little old ice house, and Brant had already pitched his tent before she called, "Come and get it!"  Brant ate like a hungry man, thor- oughly enjoying every bite. When at last pie and cake appeared he cried, "Why, Judy, you shouldn't have done all this for me! You're a dream girl!"  "Meaning what, Brant?" her head on one side, birdlike. Would his answer be disappointing? It wasn't. It was exactly what she hoped he would say: "The kind of girl a fellow dreams about yet never hopes to find!"  When the pie had gone the way of all good pies, she said, "You must light your pipe, Brant."  His eyes were one great twinkle. "Why?"  "Actors--the kind I like most-- smoke pipes and have their pictures taken posing sort of like this," striking an attitude.  "Judy, Judy, you're one continual source of amazement and of delight. However, I do smoke a pipe, so here goes. . . . Should the chin be up or down a bit more? Get the exact pro- file, photographer. . . . Now about dishes and other chores!"  "I've done practically everything ex- cept dishes. You can wash and I'll wipe, and then, Mr. Brant Comstock, you're to tell me all about your work."  The dishwashing was fun. But when they were seated in the living room, with Brant enjoying his pipe, he dis- appointed her. "I'd lots rather hear about you, Judy--about your life here."  "But Brant, there's nothing here, nothing I know all about that's interest- ing or romantic or thrilling. It's all so dull and drab and humdrum."  "I don't believe that for a minute-- not ranch life."  "Let me tell you about it so you can see how stupid it is. We--that's Dad- dy and Mother and I--raise hay on the     Circle Bar. In the spring we fix fences to keep cattle out of our fields, and we start irrigating to raise the hay. It's just one round of hard work from daylight till dark.  "But now Daddy and Mother are gone to Dawson to try to get money so we can go into the cattle business. If we can, everything will be lots more interesting. I like to punch cows. I ride down to the Box Four and the TU lots of times and work with the cow- boys. Get a big kick out of it. and they say I make a hand, too.  "I love breaking broncs and trailing cattle. I'm dippy over little calves, and most of all I love the roundups. But here at home we just raise hay. When it's ready to cut, we get a crew of men to put it up in stacks, you know. I help Mother cook for the crew, or I run a sweep or a rake."  "Is that so dull, Judy?"  "Dull, Brant? It's deadly. Only ex- citement is if you have a bad runaway. I had a humdinger last summer. Got thrown off the rake and dragged along by its teeth. If the rake hadn't bounced up in the air I guess I'd have been a goner. . . .  "In the fall we fence the haystacks. Then Daddy sells the hay to some cow- man who puts cattle in the fields, and when snow comes Daddy feeds the hay to the cattle. The snow gets neck deep to a tall Indian, and we wear out two four-horse teams breaking trails to the haystacks. You must always feed the cattle, blizzard or no blizzard. Daddy and I were out in a blizzard last winter where we couldn't see even the wheel team."  "How did you ever get home?"  "Oh. the horses stuck to the trail. They're real smart about that, because if they get off the trail they're wallow- ing in snow to their necks. . . . Once in a while there's a dance and sometimes we go to town. All terribly exciting, isn't it?"  "I think I'd find it so." said Brant. Judy opened her eyes wider, all ex- citement and interest again. She edged