LOBO LAW   Then Turk said something that further puzzled Rennevant. He said, "I don't know what your game is, friend, but you're living on borrowed time."  Still closely watching, he canted his head as if listening for expected sounds. And in this brief interval a startling thought struck Steve Rennevant, a possible explanation for Gallego's reluctance to end this deal swiftly and brutally, as Red Haggin would have ended it, Or Sheriff Shumway. Pete Mo- desto had said Gallego was new on Ban- nerman's payroll. Turk looked tough, and he probably was tough; but he didn't have the vicious look of a cold-blooded killer.   Rennevant relaxed in saddle. "What," he asked, "does that badge say you're wear- ing in your pocket?"  Gallego didn't lower the gun. And there was no visible change in the sober mask of his swarthy face when he said, "Border Patrol. What does yours say?"   Rennevant chuckled, knowing that this little rider had guessed his lawman identi- ty first. "Deputy U. S. Marshal," he drawled, and remembering how strongly Gallego had attracted his attention last night in the saloon, said amusedly, "You keep strange company, Turk. You do for a fact."  "Got my reasons," Gallego muttered and lowered the gun. He listened again, then said whisperingly, "Two herds of Sonora steers been smuggled across the Line in the last three months. I'm trying to find out when Double D plans to make another raid into Mexico."  So that was it! This taciturn little law- dog was playing a crafty, waiting game. And a dangerous one. If Bannerman so much as suspected his role, Gallego would die with a bullet in the back. And now, with open range war threatening, he'd be a target for Pool guns along with every Double D rider in these hills.  "Hell is going to pop around here soon," Rennevant warned. "You want me to tell my friends who you are, so they won't be shooting at you?"  "No," Turk said instantly. "Somebody might talk out of turn. Bannerman is about due to grab another herd of Sonora steers      MEN whether you are 16 or up to 50 Come to Coyne for a great future in RADIO Operating and Electronics AirCraft Television Broadcast Electrontics Receivers Police Radio "Learn-By-Doing" on Real Radio Apparatus! Air ports, radio station, film studios, police short-wave, television, indus-trial electronics- all need TRAINED RADIO SPEACIAL-ISTS. Learn the quick practical way, on actual equipment in the great Coyne Shops. Not by correspond-ence, but personal training based on 45 years of "know-how"! I'll Finace Your Training! Don't let lack of money hold you back. My plan lets you start now, pay tuition in easy monthly pay-ments when you're trained and on the job. I help you get part-time work to help pay living expenses while training, give you Lifetime Job Service as a Conye graduate. Prepares for Govt. License Many of the best Radio jobs re-quire government license. Coyne has enabled hundreds to pass this test successfully. You learn to send Code rapidly- do trouble-shooting- handle real transmitting equipment. etc., etc. Dozens of Branches to Choose From Why be staisfied with a narrow, no-future line when by putting in a short time in my Shops, you can qualify for unlimited opportunities in RADIO AND ELECTRONICS, today's fastest-growing fields! These pictures show only a few of the big jobs for trained Radio Operators. SEND FOR FREE BOOK Fully illustrated with big pictures of my Shops- facts about your future. Mail coupon now. No obligation. No salesman will call. Act today! H.C. LEWIS, Pres., RADIO DIV. COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL 500 So. Paulina, Dept. 24-8E, Chicago 12 We have facilities for men with handicaps or physical disablilities- write for particulars.   H.C. Lewis, Pres., Radio Div. Coyne Electrical School 500 S. Paulina St., Dept. 24-8E, Chicago 12, Illinos Send FREE BOOK, "Your Future in Radio," and details of easy "Pay- After-Graduation" plan. Name Address City.....State     Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 109