A DAY OF RECKONING 47    blinding flood of light. In it he could make out Hal lolling on the bare back of a horse, supported by a disheveled girl who con- trolled the second excited thoroughbred only with difficulty.  He became aware that she was lean- ing toward him, shouting. "There's no time for you to reach your horse! Up behind me. Tracy! Hurry!"  But one of the figures on the ground had moved, started to crawl toward a gun plainly visible in the headlight of the ap- proaching train. "Get goin'!" Tracy yelled, and with a slap of hand sent her mount on its way.  Afterwards he looked at that empty hand bewilderedly, unable to remember where or why he had laid down his gun. To untie Ruth? The right holster was empty. But he did recall having given that weapon to her. His only hope, then, was to kick the gun on the ground out of Law- ton's reach.  He fell doing it. When he struggled up, Lawton was running drunkenly towards the track. The train was almost upon them. If Lawton made it across, he would be cut off by the string of cars--safe.  Tracy was proud to be able to think so clearly. He wished he could run that well. Yet he was fleeter than he realized, for he did overtake his enemy. As his hand fell upon him he tripped over the first rail. Together they went down in the center of the track.  Lawton lay still. But Tracy was not un- conscious of the monster bearing down upon them. He was trying to crawl to     safety, and finding it almost impossible to move, when hands seized him. "Tracy! Tracy!" cried a voice. He was aware of being tugged at and yanked, then all sen- sation faded.  When he opened his eyes it was day- light. A smell of wood smoke hung in the air, and he was in a forest clearing. His attempt to move brought Ruth to his side. Her face was smudged and tear- stained, but she attempted to speak mat- ter-of-factly.  "We'll wait here for the sheriff, Tracy. Hal's gone after him. He was only scratched and stunned. But Lawton's dead --like the other two. We got him off the track with you but he'd hit his head on a rail. He--" tears began to slide down her cheeks-- "he told me about taking the let- ter. Taunted me with what you believed about Hal and me."  "I'm sorry," whispered Tracy miser- ably.  She smiled through her tears. "You needn't be. The train went on and we'll never be able to prove anything on its crew. But that's past and done, too. All that matters is for Hal to get here with a wagon so we can take you home."  "Home!" Tracy's head was whirling again, and it wasn't entirely because of his physical state. "You mean--you and Hal --are takin' me back?" he faltered incred- ulously.  Ruth shook her head. "We're asking you to take us back." She leaned low to kiss dry, feverish lips, adding contritely, "Weren't we the ones who ran away?"    IN THE NEXT ISSUE All But the Girl A colorful romantic novelette By MYRTLE JULIETTE COREY