16 RANCH ROMANCES    along, frowning and thoughtful. Through the clear, sparkling air re- sounded the clang of a blacksmith's busy hammer.  Link's frown was replaced by a smile. He hurried along to the little cabin where the kindly-faced woman still sat in her rocker. He tipped his hat, grin- ning boyishly. "Howdy, Missis Downs," he greeted her, perching himself on the low step at her feet. "Yo're lookin' mighty pert an' handsome today."  Stout Mrs. Downs smiled fondly. "You young scalawag," she retorted. "You don't fool me a bit. You've got some scheme up your sleeve. What is it? Out with it!"  Link twirled his hat in his lean, strong, bronzed hands. "Well, it's this- away, Missis Downs. Bert Mannering's heir has finally showed up. Judge Rey- nolds has turned the Bar C 88 over to her. She--"  "She!" ejaculated the surprised lady. "Do you mean to say that vivid girl with those wonderful eyes, who was looking for the judge, is Bert Manner- ing's heir?"  "Well," said Link dreamily, "she shore has got wonderful eyes. Bluer than I ever thought eyes could be. An' they turn a sort of smoky violet when she gets mad. Yes'm, I reckon that's her."  "Well, now, isn't that fine? I'm aw- fully glad. I liked that girl the mo- ment I saw her."  "Yes'm," agreed Link again. "So did I. But Missis Downs, she's gonna be out there all alone with that bunch of wild hombres that ride for the Bar C 88, an' I don't feel right easy in my mind about it. Now if there was another wo- man with her for a few days--a older woman--why, mebbe them knot-haided Bar C 88 peelers would realize that she's got friends here in town that are inter- ested in her, an' sorta keepin' an eye open to see that she ain't bothered none."  Mrs. Downs pursed her lips thought- fully. "There's something in what you say, Link," she admitted. "I suppose     you are hinting that I'm that elderly woman?"  "Well, sort of."  "But, Link, how would I ever get out there and back? There isn't a chance of driving out in a buckboard, and it's been years since I was on a horse."  Link grinned impishly, running his fingers through his hair. "Well, yuh know, Missis Downs, I been thinkin' for some time that yuh oughta take up ridin' again. They do say it is swell ex- ercise for the figger. An' I know where I can rake up a quiet, easy-ridin' little bronc that yuh couldn't get off a walk with a stick of dynamite."  Aunt Molly Downs' laugh echoed merrily. "You scamp!" she cried. "I'm almost tempted. But Jim Downs would be scandalized."  "Don't yuh worry about Jim," said Link, realizing that the victory was won. "I'll knot his tail if he gets ruc- tious. I'll go get that bronc right away. An' I'll ride out most the way to the Bar C 88 with yuh. Be back in a jiffy."  He loped away, chuckling. Molly Downs looked after him, her eyes soft. "It's the sorrow of my life that God never sent me a son like you, Link San- derson," she murmured.  CHAPTER III Blotted Brands  THE first glimpse Loma Carlyle had of her future home was more than favorable; in fact, it brought back to her an exultation akin to that she had experienced when first she glimpsed the charm and grandeur of the Cobalt Mountains. The trail from town had wound along the southern slope of the mountains, leading always east.  At first it had led for miles through solid, unbroken aisles of timber, where one rode in perpetual twilight. But finally a change took place. The timber thinned. Meadows, enchanting in their luxurious green and smeared with slashes of wild flowers, became more and more numerous. The steady slope of the range gave way to broken coun-