WHOM SHALL I MARRY?  By Professor Marcus Mari  THE STARS . .. THE WAR .. . AND YOU Girl of Pisces--Feb. 19-March 21 BORN under a benign and gentle sign, the Girl of Pisces seems always to be serene, but this outward show of serenity conceals a volatile, temperamental nature. She is sensi- tively fond of art and beauty, and her capac- ity for detail inclines her to the more deli- cate things of life. She makes an excellent homemaker, a fine designer of clothes, a conscientious com- munity worker. Her large sympathies and her strong beliefs make her invaluable in the war effort. She would excell in nursery work, that is attending the children of defense- working mothers. She has a natural way with children, and they respond to her quiet charm. Too, she would make a sympathetic nurse, and Pisces, meaning the Sign of the Two Fish, gives her a nautical leaning, and often brings her extensive travels. Invari- ably she is endowed with exquisite grace. Being cautious by nature, and even in- clined to be somewhat wary and afraid of big chances, the Pisces girl has good control of her own heart. When she chooses her mate, she knows exactly what she is doing, and seldom falls into the emotional traps that await her more impetuous sisters. Perhaps her most enviable trait is her abil- ity to adjust herself to sudden changes in environment. She need have no fears about changing her pattern of life; she will be able always to leave one mode of life and enter happily upon another--a gift which makes her particularly valuable to her country in these days of sudden changes of life and oc- cupation. Being almost tireless, her energy and her enthusiasm for whatever she is doing may be excessive and--a word of caution--she must learn not to overdo.   Professor Mari will be glad to give a personal reading to anyone who sends this coupon to him in care of Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ave., New York. ENCLOSE STAMPED AND SELF-ADDRESSED ENVELOPE. Name.....Sex Address Exact date of birth: Year.....Month.......Day of Month..... 2-26-43    143