40 RANCH ROMANCES    poles, she concluded. With Link, honor and high purpose were the very essen- tial things of existence. He was the sort who would speak the truth, if it meant hanging for it.  On the other hand, Deuce Coburn was nothing but a cheap, slick crook, steal- ing from the ranch that had paid his wages, sheltered and fed him. He knew neither honor, self-respect nor faith. The truth was not in him.  Loma roused from her period of thought to find Coburn staring at her fixedly, and there was a leer in his eyes that sent the hot color sweeping up her throat. She had donned a simple house dress of blue gingham, which unknow- ingly enhanced the marvelous color of her eyes and set off her vivid beauty amazingly. Had Coburn been but a single order lower on the animal scale, he would have licked his lips.  "It shore is easy to work for a boss like yuh," he muttered, with what was intended for an ingratiating look. "Most men would be plumb satisfied for a smile or two instead of wages."  "We won't discuss personalities, if you please," said Loma coldly. "You must be weary after your long day's work."  Thick-hided as he was, Coburn got the hint and, before the level, chill re- gard of Loma's glance, heeded it. His tone was surly as he growled a good night, but he left. Loma barred the door behind him.  She frowned with disgust. "You cheap, lying thief," she murmured. "I am continually amazed that a man of Judge Reynolds' type should be taken in by you the way he has. Thank good- ness, Link Sanderson isn't like him."  Loma did not retire immediately. On the contrary, she had never felt more wide awake; nor for that matter, so vaguely uneasy. The night was so still, so brooding, and somehow threatening.  She went to a window overlooking the bunkhouse and corrals and sat there. She could see the lights of the bunk- house and, from time to time, catch snatches of indistinct voices.     In the timber above the house, a coy- ote was yapping. Presently, from the ridge on the other side of the valley, another of the slinking brotherhood re- plied in kind, and the night echoed with the poignantly weird and wild sound. Far down the valley a cow bawled mournfully.  A terrible, stultifying loneliness gripped the girl. She could not under- stand it. She had not felt like this be- fore. On all of that long, lone trip from Lee's Ferry, across the Wild-Horse Badlands and the Durango Desert, she had never known the slightest touch of loneliness. Yet here, secure in her own house, with a dozen riders within easy call, she was fairly aquiver with this foreign emotion.  The eastern rim of the world took on a burnished, silver tinge and presently the moon crept into view, round and cold and pure. It built intense shadows under the trees, but lit up the open spaces almost like day.  Through the stillness, Loma's ear caught the measured clump of a slowly moving horse. Her heart took a wild leap; perhaps it was Link. Immediately she knew better. Link would not be over tonight. But she smiled mistily. That sudden leap of her heart told her all too plainly, that, what she was half- way sure of before, was now a cer- tainty. She was in love with Link San- derson.  She forgot the approaching horse for a moment--a precious moment there in the moon-glow while the first, full glory of her emotion flowed over her. She clutched the thought avidly, hungrily, and her lips parted in strange ecstasy as she looked through wide, glorified eyes across the night to where Link Sanderson lay sleeping.  The sound of a coarse, whiskey voice jerked her back to stern realities. "Hey. Coburn!" came the call.  The bunkhouse door swung quickly open and Deuce Coburn stepped out.  "Who is it?" he rasped suspiciously.  "Me--Texas Jack. Send somebody to take care of my bronc. I'm daid