FIRE FRENZY 129    Even if he didn't do her any actual harm, she would never get over the in- dignity that he had imposed upon her. She was galvanized to action by this desperate thought; the ranch and every- thing else were forgotten in the surge of self-preservation that swept over her. Kay rolled over and struggled up to her knees.  The incline of the coulee behind her shut her off from a view of the range and ruined any chance of her discovery by any passer-by. Not that there was likely to be anyone, but it was a hun- dred to one chance. Some way or other she must get up there, and her courage revived with the prospect of an imme- diate objective to be obtained. Kay gazed piercingly about for some sharp stone on which she might saw through her bonds.  Nothing was to be seen but small stones and pebbles scattered through the bunch grass of the mesa, and Kay's heart sank as this first hope proved vain. Resolving to get up in the open, bonds or no bonds, Kay managed to edge pain- fully up the slope by using her elbows and knees to pull herself along.  The distance, which could have been covered by a few strides on foot, seemed endless when negotiated in this painful fashion, but at last she reached the top and sank back faint with exhaustion. Opening her eyes, she could see the range stretching out in its undulating waves to the horizon on the south and east, while to the north and west the mountains rose to intercept its vast space.  There was not a sign of life in all the endless expanse. In a kind of stupor, Kay watched the flickering waves of heat that made the air seem to vibrate against the blue sky. A merciful ob- livion was stealing over her, when sud- denly against the sky, on the horizon to the south, she saw outlined the sil- houette of a horseman.  The first sickening dread that it might be Scrap Johnson was superseded by the realization that he wouldn't be rid- ing so far to the south. Resolving that    whoever the rider was, she would rather trust herself to him than to Scrap John- son, Kay took fresh courage.  Strengthened by new hope, she strug- gled to her knees, gazing desperately at the distant apparition. Unless she could stand up, there wasn't a chance that he could see her. Kay edged her way over to a smooth boulder at some little dis- tance from her; then, by bracing herself against it, she managed to pull herself up on her feet. As she wavered uncer- tainly on the one foot that was in a position to take a solid stand on the ground, her heart gave a great leap, and a strangled cry beat against the muf- fling bandanna.  She watched the horseman come to a standstill, and although he was only a speck in the distance, Kay was con- vinced that he was gazing her way. In an instinctive impulsive effort to jerk her arms up and signal to him, she lost her balance and sank back to the ground. Straining and panting, she tried again to get up, her eyes never leaving the silhouetted figure.  With a groan of desperation, she saw him resume his way. After his disap- pearance her courage forsook her, and she gave way to the rushing blackness that enveloped her.  "Sleeping beauty, eh?"  Kay came to, to realize that Scrap Johnson was standing over her. She kept her eyes closed, as she summoned all her courage to meet the ordeal ahead. If she kept her wits about her there might yet be some way out. There must be some decency in the man she could appeal to! But she musn't show any fear!  He gave a low whistle. "I'll say you've done some traveling!" he ob- served. "Kind of hard going, what?"  He stooped down and loosened her gag. "No point in covering up those red lips any longer," he laughed mock- ingly, as he straightened up again. "Come on, cutie; I know you're sham- ming! Open up those brown eyes of yours! I like to see 'em snap!"  Kay opened her eyes and looked   9--Ranch Romances--First Sept.