HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 23   His mouth was a narrow, venomous gash, snarling and working. His throat and hands and wrists were hairy, like those of an ape. Two big guns sagged at his thighs, tied down. His voice, when he finally got words past his twisted lips, held the same horrible fury that had sounded in that first blood-curdling yell.  "What's that?" he barked. "We cain't go run down the polecat who did this? Yuh say we cain't? Hell! Try an' stop me--try an' stop me! No lily-faced dame can tell Joe Colinga what to do. They killed Spider--killed my pal, damn 'em. An' I'm gonna get 'em an' shoot their hearts out. Fire me if yuh want. To hell with the job! I wouldn't work for no outfit that ain't got the guts to fight for its own men. I'll settle this job myself."  Loma quailed before the fellow's fury. She couldn't help it. She thought of some mad, slavering animal. Coburn caught Colinga by the arm, trying to talk to him. But the ape-like rider jerked violently away and ran in- to the bunkhouse, to appear almost im- mediately with a Winchester rifle, into the loading gate of which he was stuf- fing cartridges.  Coburn turned to Loma, shrugging. She caught him up with a straight, scornful glance. "You're supposed to be foreman of this ranch," she cried. "If you are, stop that man. Stop him --or go with him."  "Don't be a fool," growled Coburn roughly. "Colinga is on the kill. Yuh cain't reason with him now. If I tried to, he'd gun me. I've seen him this way once before. An' he's right in one thing. We ain't worth much if we cain't right for our own punchers."  "But he doesn't know," argued Loma helplessly. "He doesn't know who did it. He might shoot some innocent per- son."  "Not him. That's one thing about Joe. His first wildness will work off in a minute. After that he'll turn wolf --all wolf. He'll ferret out the trail, if it takes him six months. In the end     he'll get his man. See--he's calmin' down already."  This was true. Colinga had quit his mad jerkiness of movement and was saddling up almost calmly. But this change, to Loma, held an even worse threat than his initial wild outburst.  And then a fresh yell from one of the punchers turned all eyes to a new phase of movement. Cantering slowly down the valley came the Sandersons, Eagle and Link. Before them trotted a badly blown whiteface two-year-old. Eagle had his right hand up, palm fore- most, in the age-old sign of the fron- tier. He wanted to parley.  Intense excitement gripped the Bar C 88 riders. They milled around un- certainly. Joe Colinga, noting what was going on, came prowling forward, leaving his rifle leaning against the cor- ral fence. Loma, with sudden decision, advanced to meet the two riders. Slowly, almost grudgingly it seemed, Deuce Coburn slouched at her heels.  But Molly Downs, totally unnoticed by anyone, slipped over to the corral, caught up Colinga's rifle, and with it held from sight in back of her ample figure, moved quietly up until she stood just behind the gun's owner.  The Sandersons reined in. "Coburn," rumbled Eagle. "We got somethin' to show yuh. Link, rope that critter."  Link swept down upon the steer, which tried to run. But for the third time in as many hours, it was upset violently by an unerring rope.  "What's the idee?" growled Coburn. "I've saw critters roped an' throwed before."  Eagle paid no attention to this at- tempt at sarcasm. "Take a look at that brand. I'm anxious to hear yore expla- nation."  Coburn hesitated, running the tip of his tongue along his lips. It was Loma who stepped forward. "Mr. Sander- son," she said evenly, "as owner of the Bar C 88, suppose you let me look at the brand. What's wrong with it?"  Eagle stared at her. Grudging admi- ration showed in his deep eyes. "If