HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 33   "What's all the rush, Johnny?" de- manded the man, looking Link over keenly. "An' who's yore friend?"  Realizing that the boy did not know his name, Link spoke up. "I'm Link Sanderson from up Thunder City way. Me an' Johnny met in town, an' he in- vited me out."  "Yuh a son of ole Eagle Sander- son?"  Link nodded. "That's right."  The man beamed. "Shore, I'm glad to meet yuh. I've heard of yore daddy an' he sounds like my idee of a man. I'm Bart Bidwell an' this is my wife. How come you an' Johnny picked up as friends?"  Johnny would have blurted out the whole story then and there, had not Link stopped him with a warning glance. "Oh, jest one of those things," drawled Link. "We got to talkin'. Missis Bidwell, I'm happy to know yuh, ma'am."  Mrs. Bidwell smiled and Link fell in love with her on the spot. "You'll stay for supper, of course," she said.  "Which invite I hail an' accept with delight, ma'am. An' thank yuh. Johnny, what say we put the hosses up?"  As he said this, Link caught Bart Bidwell's eye and gave him a light nod. Then he started off for the corrals, leading his bronc. Bart Bidwell walked along with him, while a scared and doubtful-looking Johnny brought up the rear.  As soon as they were out of earshot of the house, Link turned to Bidwell. "Things happened in town," he said gravely. "Serious things. I didn't want the missis to have to hear about it. A couple of jaspers got rocked off, a third's got a smashed shoulder and a tinhorn gambler named Smythe has got his face pounded in with a gun barrel. Johnny an' me were sorta in the mix- up."  Bidwell whirled on his son. "So yuh were playin' cyards ag'in with Smythe an' that crowd, eh? Thought I told yuh not to! Now yuh see what it's led     to? But of course the ole man didn't know nothin'."  Johnny's head came up and he looked his father straight in the eye. "Go ahaid, Dad," he said simply. "Raw- hide me a-plenty. I got it comin'." And the lad proceeded to tell what had happened.  Bidwell stared at the boy, whose eyes did not quail, but met his own fearlessly. Link laid his hand on Bid- well's arm. "Don't say it, sir," he drawled. "Johnny made a fool of him- self--an' knows it. I figger he learned a good lesson--one he won't forget. How about it, Johnny?"  "Yo're right, Link," said the boy quietly. "I'm done. Cyards an' likker are things I've shore forgot, from now on. I mean that."  Bart Bidwell relaxed. "Well, that's somethin'," he growled. "Shake, San- derson. Me an' the missis are owin' yuh plenty, sounds like. Yuh made one mistake. Yuh shoulda killed Hancock, too. Pasco was a rat an' Jardine his pardner. Smythe is a slick crook. But I'm afraid yo're liable to have a little trouble over it."  "Guess I'll manage to bear up," said Link dryly. "Shore, I'm sorry I had to throw lead. It ain't exactly in my line. But things developed sorta fast an' got away from me. I'd figgered on runnin' a whizzer. But it didn't work out. Anyway, it's done now an' no use cry- in' over it. But I've got a story to tell yuh an' some questions to ask that yuh might help me with, if yuh don't mind."  "After what yuh've done for John- ny?" growled Bidwell. "Hell! Any- thing I got is yores, Sanderson. C'mon up to my office an' have a drink. Johnny, yuh go clean yoreself up an' have a snooze to get rid of the likker. Yuh got a couple of hours before sup- per."  Over a small glass of whiskey, Link outlined to Bart Bidwell the purpose of his visit into the Buckeye country. Bidwell listened carefully and thought- fully, his eyes squinted, his blocky jaw   3--Ranch Romances--First Sept.