42 DOROTHY L. BONAR    animals might drink, dismounted to squat at the water's edge.  The bleeding of his wound had almost stopped. A bit dizzy, he bathed his face and drank deeply before examining his hurt. It was a clean hole through muscle and flesh, so that he lost no time bandag- ing it with pieces of an extra shirt and fashioning a sling.  As he was about to mount the absence of a weight at his right hip forced itself into his attention. His hesitation was brief. Again he went to his warbag, this time producing a pair of six-shooters.  Of dark blue steel, loaded and in per- fect condition, they were beautiful weap- ons. In the butt of each shone the letter S, inlaid with pearl. Spane's guns, the only material evidence linking him to his past; he had kept them because they were a gift from the friend he had lost. Other than himself, only Hal Davies knew of them. Knew because he, in his stupidity, had told his every secret to Ruth's brother, feeling that only through making a clean breast of things could he make himself worthy of Ruth's love.  Hal had assured him it would make no difference to Ruth, but declared she would probably be happier to know nothing about it. He had advised Tracy to hold his tongue. On the matter of Lawton, however, he had looked thoughtful.  "Maybe it'd be a good idea to start out together in a new location," he said slow- ly. "You're selling off your herd of mixed stock. Why not sell the ranch, too? Al- together it should bring close to what I've got. With $40,000 we could get the good stock you want, even some blooded horses. Nobody could possibly know you up in Wyoming, and there's a place up there that Ruth and I almost bought."  But loath to be driven, Tracy had re- torted flatly, "Nothing doing! Lawton can't hurt me. To hell with him."  And though Davies had tried again and again to re-open the subject, he had re- fused to listen, blithely continuing to whip Flying H affairs into shape, for on the day that the partnership papers were signed, Ruth was to become Mrs. Holt.  He'd sold his cattle. Because there was no bank in Cholla he'd fetched the cash     home, pridefully and fatuously revealing its hiding place to his bride-to-be before riding back to town to purchase the sort of outfit he figured a man should be mar- ried in. He'd returned that night to a house denuded of Ruth's bright presence, all the Davies' belongings, and the money.  No one had seen them go except Law- ton, who had come along and found Tracy outside his gate, feverishly trying to pick up the tracks of the pretty buckskin pony that had been his first present to Ruth.  "Missin' somethin'?" inquired Lawton with a smirk.  He was a big man, thick-bodied, thick- featured, with green eyes that squinted habitually beneath a low forehead draped with a matt of kinky yellow hair.  When Tracy made no reply he added, "They left his mornin'. Had their luggage loaded on a pack horse. I seen 'em when they cut across my pasture headin' for Ramirez. Likely they caught that after- noon train for parts unknown."  For minutes he took in Tracy's white silence, then remarked with spiteful en- joyment, "It took a woman to outsmart the great Spane, didn't it?" Guffawing hugely, he rode on.  In that moment Tracy realized that Lawton still held a grudge against him for that long ago splitting up of his gang. But it wasn't important. He was too crushed by the fact that Ruth was gone, that through his love for her he had been robbed and betrayed, his life desolated.  Standing now with one of Spane's guns gripped in his left hand, the pain of this new wound had nothing to do with the whiteness that appeared about Tracy's mouth. Ruth had made it plain that she considered him an outlaw. That was why she had faced him so boldly, scornfully. As though it should be no crime to rob a man who once had robbed others. That his Flying H was wholly the result of honest enterprise and a dash of luck would make no difference.  Tracy's smile was mirthless as awk- wardly he wrapped the cartridge belt about his waist, buckled it. Awkwardly, too, he settled the holsters and managed to fasten down their tips. Then he caught up the lead rope of his pack horse, mounted, and point-