72 MARIAN O'HEARN    politicians rule the land, not honest men. You fight over whether there shall be Territorial law or State gov- ernment, but which of the two factions is honorable? Do you ask that?"  "Aw, quiet down!" A raucous voice bellowed. "Shut him up, boys, let's dunk him in a barrel of beer!"  Half a dozen men wheeled out of the crowd, and Faith stepped in front of her father. "He has a right to speak," she told them angrily. "You don't have to listen, but you can't stop him."  Confronted by the slim, dark-haired girl, they paused sheepishly, but a wom- an at the rear of the crowd shrilled: "This town doesn't want any Holy Joes. Go get him!"  Once more the rush started and Faith's lips went white. She darted forward to meet the threatening men, crying: "Let him alone. If you hurt him--"  "We won't hurt him, we'll just give him a little lesson."  "Not this time, brother." The words rang through the uproar like the snap of a pistol hammer, and a pony charged straight up the steps, sending men leaping out of the way. At the top the horseman wheeled, widely, and crowd- ed the last of the mob away from the elderly minister.  "Move back into the street," the rider said, and as he dropped to the ground, the guns lifted from his holsters into his hands.  The crowd hesitated and there were a few indistinct, sullen shouts. But then people began to move again, twin streams flowing past the saloon steps.  The man slid his guns into the hol- sters at his thighs and grinned, his glance moving over Faith. "They won't come back for a while," he said. "But maybe you'd better give up the speech-making."  He was big and his faded clothes were covered with dust. His skin was darkened by wind and sun into an al- most coppery brown. But his hair was fair enough to catch the light and there was youngness on his face.     Anthony Byers said, calmly: "I have to make speeches. Thank you for your help, but these are my people and they must listen to me."  The gray eyes narrowed until they were as thin as the edge of minted coins. "You'd better not. This town's kind of rough."  "It's not only rough, it's depraved. There's no sense in staying in my church and preaching to empty pews. People need me and I have to go where they can hear me."  "If they're that stubborn, why both- er with them? Let'em look after them- selves."  "You're right," Faith broke in. "But Dad thinks they don't know what they're doing. He wants them to de- velop this country instead of letting political bosses rob them while they carouse."  His eyes touched hers, held them. Their clear hardness was like a shock. But then the metallic quality disap- peared. Or she imagined that it had: imagined a boy's warm gaze was an- swering hers. He said in a tone which she was to always remember: "My name's Pat Ransome, ma'am. I'm a stranger here; just got down from my place way up in the Blue River coun- try.  Before Faith could answer, her father put out his hand. "I'm Anthony Byers and this is my daughter. If you can't find a place to stay, our home is open to you. Lawrence is so crowded you may need a bed."  "Thank you, sir." Ransome hesi- tated over the words and his gaze went back to the girl. "I'll probably stay at the Great Western Hotel. Meeting a friend of mine." He paused, and then added: "Maybe you know him--Tom Knox? He's been in Lawrence for some years."  Faith's blue eyes sharpened against his face and she told herself: "Of course, he would be a friend of Knox's. He would have to be." But there was a sharp, almost stunned second of loss. As if something precious had been torn