A STRANGE TRAIL 63    almost screamed Molly. "I'm going over there and make him come with us."  Lin Derry's hand shot out and caught her rein. "Stay where yuh are!" he snarled. "See--I told yuh. He's made a Dutch collar out of the third riata, to strengthen the horse's chances."  "Let go my rein!" shrieked Molly, "or I'll cut it!"  With a curse, Lin Derry let loose of it, and like a whirlwind she galloped back toward the bridge, with Lin at her side. As they reached it, the gleaming, magnificent body of the stallion was straining forward in a lunging, powerful pull, Kit Bridger, beside him, urging him on with his voice and a slight touch of his quirt.  "Kit!" screamed the girl. "For God's sake! Kit!"  He did not hear her. Heart and soul he was bent on his task, for which he had little time, if it were to be accom- plished. The soldiers of Yznaga were already firing at the rear, yelling as they came.  But now an encouraging, cracking sound came from the rotten main sup- port of the bridge on that side. For years it had been in bad condition; for years the town had known it should be mended. But always it was to be done mañana. And now, thanks to that dila- tory attitude, the rotten wood suddenly gave way. The town side of the bridge crashed into the water.  But bullets were whistling like hail around the destroyer of the town's causeway. Kit had no time to loosen the bridge riatia. He cut it with the flash of his knife, then whirled the stal- lion toward the unfordable, sheer bank, driving in his spurs. Molly hid her eyes as man and horse arched into the air.  Below Kit Bridger lay a pool. How deep it was he did not know. If it were too shallow both he and the stallion would die. If it were deep enough. . . .  The failing horse hit the center of the water with a tremendous splash. Flying spray seemed to hide them both, al- though in reality it was the water which     hid them. The pool was very deep, and man and horse went completely under.  They rose, and on the shelving side of the pool, nearest Molly, passed into shallow water and made for the break on the bank where they might scramble out. Toward that break Molly galloped wildly, for rifle fire was pouring around Kit Bridger, and she saw no chance for him whatever. In that moment she felt that she would share death with him gladly.  Yet he came out unscathed, and in five minutes the yelling, cursing mob of soldiery in the rear could be heard no longer.  "We've got a fighting chance now," Kit Bridger announced. "By the time they get back to the north exit and cut around to where we are, we'll have had a start of miles. The river isn't fordable again until yuh've gone a long way."  "Yo're sure yo're not shot? Any- where? Yo're not hit at all?" persisted Molly, anxiously. "It seems impossible that yuh weren't--"  "I'm not hurt," reiterated Kit Bridger. Then sharply: "But somebody else is! Look!"  He wheeled his horse around her, as she was riding between them, and caught Lin Derry just as he was slip- ping from the saddle.  Dismounting, he laid Derry at length on the sod, tore open his shirt, and with a start of surprise wondered that he had kept the saddle as far as he had gone. There was a gaping wound in his chest. He must have been caught by the gun- fire as they were leaving the town. Lin Derry looked up. "I'm goin', Molly. They got me. . . . Kiss. . . ."  She bent above him. Her lips touched his just as his last sigh came.  Ahead of them lay a long and cruel trail. They could not stop to bury Lin, nor could they carry him for days and nights ahead. Kit Bridger said gently that on the trail he would pay the Mexi- cans at some hamlet to go back and do for them and for Lin what they could not do now.  There followed long days, long nights