26 ELSA BARKER    raised together. But Clark wouldn't do anything like that. He doesn't know one township or one section from another. He'd have no reason to."  "Not if there was a nice chunk of money in it for him?"  The girl caught her breath sharply, re- membering the things she knew about Clark Bowles.  "Maybe he would," she said unhappily. "I--I guess I don't know what Clark would or wouldn't do."  Walt Carmack's eyes were hard now, in them the look she had seen once before. "You don't trust your friends much, do you, Lucy?" he asked, almost gently.  "Walt, please don't!" she begged, and was surprised to see his eyes soften as he looked at her.  Millie moved over and laid a comforting arm around her shoulders. "Well, for goodness sake, Walt!" she said irritably. "Aren't you raising a big fuss about some- thing that's really none of your business? Suppose the milk is spilled and that land's up for sale? I've heard Lucky Jim say he'd buy it if he had to. So what?"  "Lucky Jim's in Mexico, five hundred miles away by now," Walt reminded her grimly. "An' somebody took good care that he didn't see this paper yesterday mornin'--or that I didn't see it while there was still a chance of callin' him back."  "I think you're nuts," Ford Harrell told him bluntly. "Lucky Jim's going to be back in a week or ten days. That land can't be sold until it's been advertised in the paper for considerably longer than that!"  "I hope you're just dumb, Ford," Walt said, and his voice was edged with a dis- like and distrust he made no attempt to conceal. "I hope that's the reason you keep try in' to make me think everything's go- ing to be fine and dandy--because I ain't convinced."  Ford Harrell's bushy brows met over his nose in a frown. He colored at the bite in the cowboy's voice.  "What you mean?"  "I mean," Walt said, speaking slowly and picking his words carefully, "some- body's trying to grab him a swatch of Lucky Diamond land. He shot Billy Gamel     when we caught him surveying on the mesa to keep us from recognizing him an' tipping his hand. He bribed Clark Bowles to change a bill the legislature had passed. Now if Lucky don't get back in time, he can bid in that land for whatever price he wants to pay. It ain't likely there'll be anyone else want it, located as it all is clear inside our pastures."  "I don't think he'll stop at kidnappin' or--" he hesitated and his voice went a little husky--"even another murder, to keep Lucky Jim away!" He turned sud- denly on the stocky foreman. "Ford, God help you if you're not on the level! I'll twist your neck off an' feed you to the buzzards if you try any monkey business while I'm tryin' to run this killer, to earth-- an' get my grandfather back here!"  Ford Harrell was a quick-tempered man and jealous of his authority. He couldn't take that the way it was intended. He couldn't swallow his pride and remem- ber the worry and grief that colored the cowboy's actions and words these days.  "You an' who else?" he asked mocking- ly. "Before you take me on, you better find you a friend to flip coins with an' get to do your dirty work!"  Lucy McAdams and Millie Harrell gasped audibly. Walt Carmack's face turned white. His right fist swung sud- denly upward. Ford Harrell didn't have time to dodge, and he took the blow straight on his square, stubborn chin. It rocked him back on his heels.  Walt Carmack turned toward the door. His hand on the knob, he turned and looked at Lucy. "You know where I can find Clark Bowles?"  The girl looked at him with wide, un- happy eyes. She shook her head. "I--I haven't seen him but once since he went to Santa Fe. But I heard he was in Cosecha yesterday morning."  CHAPTER VII  LUCY McADAMS woke up with a start. Fear gave her a sud- den, hard wallop un- der her breastbone. She lay still for a mo- ment listening, every muscle rigid, then