A STRANGE TRAIL 59    moving. Quite a ways from here to yore father's house."  Tears sprang again to her eyes. They were going home, ignominiously, and Lin down there in Mexico! She moved a little blindly towards the horses. He strode beside her, apparently not notic- ing her tears.  When they were both mounted, she on the black, he on the gleaming splen- dor of the golden stallion, he said curtly:  "Beat it home as fast as yuh can. Tell yore dad I've gone down into Mexico. I'll see what I can do for Lin. I'll take the one chance there is of saving him-- not through that precious Yznaga, but through a little idea of my own."  She was now as amazed as he had been when she first stood revealed to him in the arroyo. Then she said, in steady, quiet tones, "Do yuh think I'd let yuh go down there alone?"  "Yuh'll do just what I tell yuh!" he countered savagely. "Get going! Beat it!"  For a moment she stared full into his eyes. Then slowly she turned the black and rode north.  He himself struck south, and tried to keep from glancing in her direction again. He did not turn his head for half a mile, until he was out of the gorge and riding along a plain. Then, looking back, he saw Molly on the black horse, calmly following him.  He drove her back. She obeyed him with the same meekness she had shown before. But no sooner had he put some distance between them than, looking back, he again discovered her following. When he had driven her back in vain, for the third time, he rode to meet her and looked at her with mingled respect, admiration and exasperation.  "It's no use," she said, smiling. "I'm going along--let's say as a boy yuh've hired." She added hurriedly, as she saw the frown between his eyes darkening ominously, "I'll mind every word yuh say. If yuh tell me to hide in the bushes, I'll hide, and yuh fight all the Mexicans yuh want alone."     He couldn't help grinning. "Yo're not all there!" he said.  "A lunatic with yuh is better than nothing. And, if yuh keep on turning me back, yuh'll only waste a lot of time."  He groaned, then suddenly said sav- agely, "If yuh don't turn back as I'm tellin' yuh, if yuh don't go straight to yore father, I'll ride home myself. Lack- ing Ace, yuh couldn't do anythin'."  "Oh, yes, I could," she said steadily. "I can go and beg for Lin's life. And if that's all I can do, I'll do that."  "God knows you are crazy. But come on! Only, if yuh disobey a single order of mine--"  "I give yuh leave to beat me," she said almost gaily.  MILE after mile slipped beneath the feet of their horses as they moved steadily south. Night fell. Night passed.  Day after day, night after night, slipped by like black beads on a chain of terror. Or so they should have been. Yet somehow, strangely enough, they went only too fast for these two, who thought they would never again be to- gether.  They had good luck on the weather, and good luck in being able to buy grain now and then at some isolated hamlet. Some time ago they had left the Rio behind them and now were pushing down into that ancient, dangerous country which never knows real peace. Kit's fluent Mexican Spanish was a great help to them. But the beauty of the stallion and his striking color were always a danger. Yet for one thing Kit was thankful. The magnificence of his horse drew the eyes of the greedy on- lookers away from the seeming youth who rode beside him, and she continued to pass for a boy.  It seemed to Bridger now that he had known her always. And, he said to him- self with sudden bitterness, had loved her always. But that love would per- haps not torment him long. He had a hunch he would be killed down there in releasing Lin Derry. And grimly, he