106 L. LINDLEY MULKEY    training the albino, ready for fall de- livery."  They had reached the little Lazy Q ranch house, with its trim outbuildings and pole corrals. In that moment Fran thrilled with pride of ownership, for- getting those times when loneliness lay like a pall on the little spread, when her feet yearned to dance with other young feet, when she longed for com- panionship other than that of old Pad- dy McGrew.  "Reckon there's another buyer for the albino," chuckled Boyd Hanley, as they reached the yard gate.  For the first time Fran noticed the two men who'd come from the Lazy Q barn and the two saddled mounts tied near the corral.  "I'll go down and talk to them while you use the phone," she said. "It's just inside the kitchen door."  As Fran continued along the path, she wished White Arrow were already in Colonel Morehouse's big Flying M corral, so she'd be finished with this matter of refusing would-be buyers. Some underground telegraph of the range had spread the Arrow's fame far and wide . . . his beauty, his spirit, his speed. Only last week there'd been a letter from a circus owner in Chicago. Others had come in person to the Lazy Q, their disappointment doubled upon seeing the Arrow.  The two men at the corral gate were patently father and son, possessing the same long nose and beady black eyes. Both wore shoddy range clothes, with lank dark hair showing below battered Stetsons. Their one difference was in weight, the father being heavy-set, the son of rangier build.  Dark eyes lighted as they took in White Arrow's high-flung head and the beautiful symmetry of shoulders, back and withers.  "Our name's Felton, carnival folks, showin' in Wagontire this week," spoke the older man. "We could use a good hoss act in our program." Is the albino for sale?"  Fran repeated the refusal which had     become almost a habit. "Colonel More- house owns White Arrow now." "Reckon he'd sell?"  "You'd have to ask him about that." Suddenly Fran became aware of the younger man's stare, taking her in from head to foot. There was something rapacious in those small close-set eyes, as if they saw below the modest neck- line of her blouse. Color spilled into her cheeks, making them doubly lovely.  "Reckon we've come on a goose chase, Jud," spoke Snide Felton sour- ly. "We'll be gettin' back to town."  Without further words, the two mounted and rode toward the Lazy Q gate.  "A pretty pair!" Boyd Hanley had come down the corral path and stopped behind Fran.  "A pretty disappointed pair," shrugged the girl. "Did you get your call through?"  "I did that. They're sending me out some oil from Wagontire. It'll probably take an hour." ALL during the follow- ing week as Fran put White Arrow through his daily practise in the little valley north of the Lazy Q ranch house, she watched for Boyd Hanley's plane cruising back and forth across the range. Invariably, on passing, he dipped his wings in greeting. And Fran would wave back, her heart per- forming queer antics in her breast.  It was Wednesday afternoon that Paddy McGrew, man of all work on the Lazy Q, saddled a small bay so Fran could ride into Wagontire for the mail. The little cattle town flaunt- ed a holiday air, with the traveling carnival's tent pitched at one end of the main street. Fran noted the outfit as she came out of the post office and wondered what part the Feltons, father and son, played in it.  Like all such wandering troops, they showed only in the evening, when folk from the surrounding hills rode in for