HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 7    the other riders, now safe in cover, might turn and shoot.  Evidently the fleeing men did not halt, for Loma reached the side of the victim unchallenged in any way. She dropped on her knees beside him, recoiling from the rapidly spreading crimson stain on his shirt. He was lying on his face, spread-eagled. Loma dropped her rifle and turned him over. She saw a young- old face, bronzed and hard-bitten, gray beneath the deep tan. Shuddering, she felt for a pulse. There was none, for the rider was dead.  Loma sagged back, her face white and stricken. Somehow she had not expected this. He had been so full of surging life a moment before. She grew dizzy and sick, the world darkening before her eyes. She might have fainted had not a harsh, grim voice pounded suddenly upon her ears.  "Reach high! Quick--yuh dry-gulch- in' rat. Claw the clouds!"  Subconsciously, Loma did as directed, turning with trembling slowness to face this new threat. She saw a rider there, some ten yards distant, a grizzle-haired, eagle-featured rider, whose cold, bleak gaze seemed to cut right through her, and whose right hand gripped a huge, black gun that pointed with unwavering steadiness squarely at her heart.  For some reason she spoke, almost stupidly. "He--he's dead!" she quav- ered. "They--they killed him."  The grizzled old rider stiffened, his narrow eyes widening as he stared at her. "Good Gawd!" he ejaculated. "A woman!"  Momentarily the gun he held moved off line, then jerked back to its original, unwavering position. "Steady!" he rasped. "Don't try any tricks like that on me. Git on yore feet and back away from that rifle. Quick!"  Somehow Loma mastered her trem- bling limbs enough to do as bidden. There she stood, biting her lips and clos- ing her eyes tight in a futile attempt to dam up the sudden tears. She heard the pound of another horse approach- ing. She heard an excited exclamation     in a new voice, a keener and younger voice than the other.  "Dad! What is it? Why, that's Long Andy. Is he daid?"  "So this young hell-cat says, who shot him," rumbled the older man. "She was jest--"  Loma's eyes jerked open, blazing through the curtain of tears in indig- nant refutation. "I did not shoot him," she cried hotly. "That's not true."  "Holy smokes!" so gasped the new arrival, staring at Loma. He was tall and lithe and broad of shoulder, with the same eagle-like features possessed by the older man. Loma met his look defiantly.  The young fellow jerked his gaze from her, looking at the older man.  "Yuh say she shot Andy?" he de- manded.  "Nothin' else but, son. There was two shots, not so awful far apart. I was down yonder past the curve of the swale. I come up slow, not knowin' jest what to expect. I seen her runnin' down towards pore Andy, her rifle ready for another shot if he showed signs of life. She didn't hear me comin' up be- hind her an' I got the drop easy. But I didn't think it was a woman I was coverin'--not till she turned. I didn't think any woman would pull a trick like this."  Loma's tears were gone. The blue of her eyes intensified until they were al- most purple. Hot denial suffused her. She stamped her foot. "I tell you I didn't shoot him. There were two others. They--"  "Don't lie to me," growled the older man. "Jest where are those other two?" His tone was contemptuous.  "Wait a minute, Dad," broke in the young fellow. "Let's listen to what she has to say. Maybe we've got some apologizin' to do already."  Loma's posture grew less tense. "I saw it all, from up there," she nodded towards the crest. "There were three of them. That poor fellow there was