122 MARIE DE NERVAUD    sheriff, "Where's Art Sampson, Tom? Have you checked up on him? My God, why did you ever--"  "Art Sampson!" Bill Granby man- aged to produce a roar out of his stupe- faction, then lowered his voice with a nervous glance toward the kitchen. "What in hell would Art Sampson have to do with it? And what do you mean, ‘married'! Are you crazy? Or am I?"  "I will be if we don't do something about--"  "Now hold your horses, Roy!" The sheriff put a restraining hand on Roy's arm. "Suppose we get this straight. We're not going to gain any time by going off half-cocked! You say you and Dolores had planned on getting married today. Kind of sudden, wasn't it?"  "Ever hear of love at first sight?" Roy demanded. "Well it was that way with us! I figured the sooner Dolores had the protection of a husband, the better. And I was right! My God, I'm going to town to see--"  "She didn't spend last night there," the sheriff broke in. "I know that, at least, not at the hotel. As to Art Samp- son, I met him early this morning go- ing to the station. He said he was off on a two weeks' business trip."  "And you let him go!" Roy ex- ploded.  "Just how could I have stopped him?" The sheriff asked angrily, but Roy drowned him out.  "Don't you see, he might have kid- naped Dolores? He might have her hidden away somewhere, and he was establishing an alibi with you. Why didn't you have a deputy follow him!"  "Let me get a word in!" Bill Gran- by roared. "Why do you keep harping on Art Sampson? Just because he brought Dolores home--" he broke off with an excited exclamation. "By golly, seeing you two has driven Bess Huggins clear out of my head. I'll bet there's a clue there."  He broke into an account of Bess's sudden appearance and of her yarn about Roy. "She was trying to get     Dolores away from the ranch!" He ended excitedly.  "Let me get this!" Roy's voice had a steely ring. "Bess said I was deliri- ous and calling for Dolores? Why--" After a moment's musing he broke in with an impatient, "There's nothing to that!" Just Bess up to her tricks! She has it in for me, and she probably cooked this up to embarrass Dolores by getting her over to the Lazy Nine, then get even with me by spreading the word that she found her there."  "I don't think Bess would have been so excited at not finding Dolores if that had been all there was to it," Bill Granby disagreed. "She was plumb thrown off her keel. I got the feeling she didn't want to leave a message with me, but that she didn't know what else to do. There's a clue there, I tell you!"  "I'm not wasting any time with Bess's monkeyshines!" Roy said decisively. "My hunch is that we've got to track Art Sampson." He turned to the sher- iff. "It's O.K. to tell Bill the whole story now, isn't it?"  Tom Crawford hesitated, then slowly nodded, "I reckon it is." In as few words as possible he told Bill the part of Dolores' story that he had made her promise to keep secret. "I thought it was safe enough to send her out with Art, so she could try to pump him for more evidence we could use against him. Especially with Roy riding herd on them! My God, I'll never forgive myself, if--"  "Never mind about forgiving your- self," Roy broke in. "What are we go- ing to do? You can telegraph ahead and see if Art got off at any station, can't you? He's well enough known."  "Unless he was equipped with some disguise, which I wouldn't put past him," the sheriff was beginning, when he broke off with a startled, "Hello, who's this?"  They all turned to see a horseman come out from the pines. He appar- ently glimpsed the sheriff's flivver, almost threw his mount with a sudden jerk to his haunches, then rightabout