94 RANCH ROMANCES    was bought by a syndicate and Buck Dawson placed in charge of it.  Dawson, with big plans for the de- velopment of the ranch, had soon claimed the whole valley and all the water of the spring. Jim Custer had taken the dispute into court, with the result a survey had been ordered made, and both parties had been en- joined to avoid conflict.  Dawson, however, had failed to live up to his agreement. One of Custer's riders had seen a suspicious fire down in the valley, and upon investigating had found two C Cross calves bearing the Circle Four brand.  "It's easy to change C Cross into Circle Four," Anne pointed out, "and that's what he's been doing. Dad and I rode out this morning, and we met those men there. Dawson was with them. Dad reminded them that the court had ordered them to stay away from the stream. Dawson laughed and some pretty hot words followed. Then one of them began shooting."  "I saw that," Jerry nodded, "but I wasn't close enough to see any of 'em. This Dawson must be pretty bad, huh?"  "Scum!" ejaculated Jim Custer. "Scum, that's what he is! He'll stop at nothin' to get what he wants. He's told us what he'll do to you. We thought mebbe you'd been scared out already."  "Not yet," Jerry grinned whimsi- cally. "I haven't seen Dawson yet, of course, so I'm not scared out. You can't tell--I may be when I meet up with him."  "He's scared out plenty," grunted Custer.  But Anne was looking steadily at Jerry, as though testing his quality and strength. She saw a mouth and chin, firm and resolute, in spite of his slow smile; and she recognized that beneath his easy good humor there was something of steel or of stone.  "I guess he won't scare you out," she nodded, satisfied.  At the ranch, after Jim Custer had     been made comfortable and a rider had been dispatched to Cabazon for a doctor, Jerry Stone sat on the porch steps and watched the slim, quick- moving figure of Anne as she went about directing the work of the men. He admired her competence almost as much as he admired that direct, level glance out of her blue eyes and the rose flush on her tanned cheeks.  She came and sat down beside him, as he had hoped she would.  "This feller Dawson," said Jerry, voicing the thoughts that had been running through his mind; "it seems like he was takin' a long chance, at- tackin' you."  "He didn't know I was there at first," Anne told him. "He thought he'd got Dad alone. When he saw me, he was surprised; he doesn't want any witnesses to what he does. And then I think he saw you riding down, and that's what made them leave. Maybe he didn't know who you were, but you came just in time."  "Glad of that," Jerry nodded, "al- though I wouldn't 'a' been much use against that mob. I'll start out in the mornin' an' look the situation over. Then the next day mebbe your father will lend me one of his hands an' I can get to work."  "Dawson will try to make trouble for you, one way or another."  "I reckon he might. But I been appointed to run a line through that valley, an' I guess I have to do it." There was something very pleasant about the C Cross outfit to Jerry Stone, homeless wanderer of the range. Sitting at the table with Anne, and later, before the great fireplace in the living room, he began to reflect upon the wisdom of settling down. They had called him Rolling Stone, down on the Border; and he had cer- tainly gathered no moss. Of experi- ence he had had a plenty. He had known danger, and he had followed the bright trail of adventure. That was what he was doing now, he thought, stroking his chin.