118 RANCH ROMANCES   "You'd oughta 've seen the way that ornery black horse I was ridin' turned to buckin' when I got out on Rocky Point, today!" a lathe-like cowboy with carroty hair exclaimed. "He acted like he was close kin to that roan devil, Dynamite, over to the Cross Bar."  "Ha, ha!" burst out the square-faced straw boss. "An' I s'pose he didn't spill you none?"  "He did not. You're laughin', Duffy, because you got 'im on my string. Well, he ain't goin' to pile me!"  Duffy grinned. "Red sure thinks he can ride," he declared. "It's a wonder he don't go over to the Cross Bar and try Dynamite."  "I have thought about it," the cow- boy asserted stoutly. "Somebody's go- ing to ride that roan sometime--might as well be me. And I could find plenty of use for that five hundred simoleons Warner offers to the hombre that can stay with the buckin' roan devil."  "Must be some horse!" Brady ex- claimed.  Duffy nodded emphatically. "He is. Worst one ever known around here. Thad Warner's had him to a lot of rodeos and nobody's ever rode him yet. Thad's a great gambler--loves a bet. He's offered five hundred dollars to any cowpuncher that can ride Dynamite slick, and stay till he quits buckin'."  The straw boss tilted his cup to drain the last drops of coffee, then turned back to Brady Wilson. "Talk- in' of horses, that sorrel you rode in here looks as if he'd be a pretty good cow-horse."  "He's the best cut-horse I ever saw," Brady replied.  "Is that so?" Duffy's eyes sparkled. "How about a little trade? Seems too bad not to let him do his stuff."  "Ye-ah," Red put in. "You don't need a cut-horse to pack you around." This reminder of his present status among the group of cowboys, nettled Brady. "My horse ain't for sale," he said with finality.  It wasn't easy to hold his tongue and accept the position so uncomfortably     thrust upon him, but he knew it was not the time for explanations. If he could manage to hold out for the month, he would be in a position to do some laughing, himself.  The next day Brady contrived to keep close within his quarters. It seemed to him that he never had seen a girl so fond of walking out of doors as was Doreen. He knew that she did considerable work, yet she was con- tinually appearing in the yard, and she passed the cook house five times on various trips to the corrals. She seemed to be much interested in the saddle stock. Each time he saw her, Brady's heart executed a new measure of syn- copation. Never before had a girl so affected him. And the mere sight of Doreen Landis plunged him into a woeful state of bashfulness.  "Darn it!" he exclaimed. "If I had a good horse under me an' a rope in my hand, I wouldn't be scared none of her."  For forty-eight hours he success- fully evaded speech with the girl. But luck turned on the third day. Doreen had not appeared since the noon hour, and a cautious reconnoiter of the prem- ises encouraged belief that it would be safe to pay a visit to the corrals. Brady's horse had been turned into the pasture, but there were several likely- looking cow-ponies in the pole en- closure and it would be almost an ad- venture to go down and look them over. He felt like a released prisoner. The skies took on a deep blue; the air was sweet and balmy, while the mountains rimmed in the horizon with a beauty he never before appreciated.  Brady was engrossed in sizing up a smart-looking little bay, when he was startled almost into panic by a sweetly modulated voice at his very elbow.  "I've been looking for one of the boys to saddle a horse for me. Is there anyone around?"  He whirled to discover Doreen stand- ing disturbingly close to his side. She was so much prettier than he had thought, when observing her from a