POKER WINNINGS 61    jacket, the rustling of paper giving reality to his recent hurried move- ments. And it came to his mind that every tick of his watch might now mark some incident that could material- ly affect his future course. This thought quickened his step and added keenness to his glance as he went along the street to the livery barn, with the intention of at once arranging for the use of a good saddle horse.  Turning into the wide entrance of the J. D. Watson Livery Barn, he faced a significant group. A tall, showily dressed young fellow held the reins of a restless thoroughbred with one hand while the other rested caressingly on the shoulder of a strikingly pretty blonde girl. The features of his down- bent face were concealed by the wide brim of his hat, but Bill caught the trustfulness of the blue eyes and a wist- ful tremor of the girl's lips as she smiled up at her companion. His words were audible as Bill passed.  "Terribly sorry, Edna, I can't stay over this time," he said, "Got a mighty important piece of business coming up in Indian Creek tomorrow. But I'll be seeing you soon, honey." The smooth, pacifying note in his voice brought a wry twist to Bill's tanned features.  "One of those 'promising' birds," he thought, going on into the office.  When he emerged, both the rider and the girl had vanished. Bill promptly forgot them in the absorption of his personal problems, until that evening. He was sitting on a bench in the tree- shaded square around which the town was built, when the blonde girl passed. His gaze clung to her, noting again the charm of her features and slender, soft- ly rounded figure.  "That's Edna Watson," his compan- ion on the bench explained. "Old J. D's daughter--and as fine a girl as she is pretty. It's a damn shame Van Carter's got his eyes set on her."  "Van Carter?" Bill repeated hastily, his jawline hardening.  "Yep--only son of Lem Carter, over in the Indian Creek country. Van come     to one of our dances, got a good look at Edna and swung his loop for her pronto. He's the sort that's got a girl in every town within ridin' distance. But when he marries, it'll be some- body with a dad a lot richer than J. D. Watson."  "The Carters have money?" Bill asked, careful to speak casually.  "I'd say they have," was the reply. "What Lem hasn't got by luck he has grabbed by chicanery of some kind. He's about got a strangle holt on his section of the country."  The strong fingers of Bill's right hand closed in a tight grip. His gray eyes had the hard, chill glint of steel. Here was corroboration of his own be- lief. Had it been folly to return to the neighborhood, of the old Avery ranch to place himself in close contact with the Carters? Could he go ahead quietly with his plans without betrayal of what he had in mind? Perhaps his mother had been right and he should build his life against a new background, far from the scene of memories with their stabbing questions which would re- quire a near miracle to supply answers.  "I'll stay," he vowed silently, "how- ever affairs work out. An Avery was the first settler in the Red Hills, the first white man on Indian Creek. My grandfather laid out the town. We be- long here--our roots are deep in the soil. And if there's a clue to what happened that night, I'll find it."  The stores had been open but a few minutes next morning when Bill rode into the little cowtown of Indian Creek, going slowly past well remem- bered buildings and glimpsing an oc- casional familiar face. Stopping be- fore a red brick, two-story structure, he glanced up at the windows above the double-front store. One bore in fading letters:  SAMUEL ORDWAY Attorney-at-Law  Satisfaction in his expression, Bill tied his horse and mounted the sag-