THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 69    night Kent left the Palace. Syd Harper, he took pains to notice, was still in his office.  A strange uneasiness prodding him, Kent walked down to the Blake cottage. There was a light in the front room, and on an impulse he passed through the gate- way and moved silently to a window. Ron- nie was not in the room. Ellen sat alone, reading, the worry in her face showing plainly under the yellow lamplight. As he watched, her glance left the book and went to the clock on the mantel, and he could almost hear her sigh.  He swore under his breath and turned away, intending to search the other gam- bling houses for the absent Ronnie. Then there came a sullen boom! which froze him in his tracks, ears straining, every nerve taut.  It wasn't a loud explosion; insistent would describe it better. It made itself felt in the slight tremor of the earth be- neath him, in the rattle of the window, the vibration of the air. And in an instant he knew what it was.  He ran out through the gate and down the street towards the bank two blocks away. High heels were not made for sprinting and it seemed an age before he reached the brick building. It was dark and silent, although people were beginning to stir in the nearby houses and he could hear the thump of boots along the street. There was an acrid odor present which he knew was caused by burned explosive.  He turned into the passageway between bank and adjoining building and sped to the alley. Even as he reached it there came a flurry of hoofs and two horsemen, crouch- ing over the necks of their mounts, flashed by. His Colt flashed out and leveled and he checked the release of the hammer just in time. The one at whom he instinctively aimed might be Ronnie!  His horse was in front of the Silver Palace and he started for it, shouting answers to the excited questions which were flung at him as men began to arrive. In the act of vaulting into the saddle he stopped and dropped the reins. He just had to be sure. Running into the Palace, he sent a quick glance into the little office. Syd was behind his desk, a cigar in his     mouth, working with some books. Still letting others do his dirty work, thought Kent bitterly. Ronnie and another, no doubt. The bald-headed man?  He rode swiftly along the street. The door of Ellen's cottage was open and she stood framed in the light from within. He rode his horse into the yard and up to the steps. "Ronnie in?" he asked.  "No, Kent, he isn't. What's happened? I thought I heard--"  "You did. The bank. Two men."  "Oh, no!" There was utter despair in her voice and she leaned against the door- frame for support  "They headed east. I'm going after them. If Ronnie is one of them I'll do all I can to help him." He wheeled his horse, but she halted him.  I'm going with you! She was standing erect now.  "No, Ellen. You--"  "Saddle my horse for me. I won't be more than a minute."  He made no further protest. Perhaps it was better that she see the thing through to the finish. Three minutes later they rode together into the night.  VI A Bullet Strikes  KENT set a fast pace, following the road which led eastward from Modoc. Behind them they left confu- sion, with men run- ning in search of horses and shouting ques- tions. A few had already taken up the pur- suit and Kent followed close behind them, the meaning of that meeting at the de- serted mine two days before suddenly clear to him.  For the first few miles the country was open and, since it was moonlight, it was safe to assume that the bandits had kept to the main road. But when they began climbing into the hills, patches of timber were encountered. At each of these a cou- ple of the pursuers dropped out to conduct a search, thus permitting the main body to continue without loss of valuable time. At