A DAY OF RECKONING 41    two. As sure as I walk out of here, you're going to get it!"  Steadily the blood had continued to run down his arm. Unless it were checked soon he would find himself growing weak. Realizing this Tracy turned away, ignored the gun leveled at him and stalked toward the door.  "But Tracy!" protested Davies, only to be interrupted by the girl.  "Let him go, Hal," she directed, her voice cold with contempt. "It's not in him to be reasonable or generous. It's not me he cares about anyway, or the money. It's the fact that somebody dared to cross him, dared to go against the will of the great Spane!"  Tracy halted on the threshold as though a bullet from Hal's gun had, indeed, pen- erated his back. For a moment he stood there, balls of muscle quivering in each cheek with the setting of his jaw. Then he looked around at the man.  "So you told her that after all, did you?" he said slowly, with terrible import. "An- other thing to remember."  Davies made no answer. Without an- other glance at the girl standing in the circle of Davies' arm, Tracy turned away. The strides that took him back to his horses were steady, even though they left behind a trail of drops that glistened in the sun.  SPANE! Down the corridor of memory the name echoed as Tracy moved along a brush- choked draw on his way to the Big Horn River. It had start- ed as a lark ten years ago, a wild adventure for a pair of eighteen-year- old kids, footloose and toying with liquor. Scarcely realizing how it had come about, he and Bob Crane had found themselves riding with a band of outlaws. Two jobs and, disgusted with the bloodshed in which neither would take part, Tracy had brought dissension into the gang by label- ing such unnecessary. So well had he ar- gued that, although half the company had chosen to remain with the old leader, Law- ton, the other half had clamored for a new one.  Out of this was born the outlaw, Spane.     Deadly in gunplay, still he had gone on to prove his point. Through cleverness and careful planning his jobs became conspicu- ous for their absence of killings. Yet so consistently did he make monkeys of law- men that two swore publicly to get him or run him out of their jurisdictions.  In the face of such a challenge Tracy found it impossible to quit the game, de- spite his friend's continual pleading that they do so. Then had come the inevitable wind-up. Mysteriously, plans had leaked out. They had ridden one night into a trap out of which only he and Bob, the latter desperately wounded, had escaped.  Holed up in hills alive with posses, Tracy had fought vainly for his friend's life. Dying, Bob's last wish had been for the outlaw, Spane, to die with him. His argument was sound.  "It's only stubbornness and pride-- makin' you keep on!" he'd panted. "They'll raise hell in your life--some day. Your face ain't known--but to one or two. Go somewhere else--go straight; Promise, pard?"  Bowed down with grief and remorse, Tracy had given his word and kept it. Spane had simply disappeared. Through five lonely years Tracy Holt had labored to build up his Flying H. Not even the appearance of his rival outlaw leader, Lawton, buying up a neighboring spread, had daunted him. Lawton had approached him once with a proposition that revealed he had not wholly reformed. Tracy had declined it, and there matters rested when Ruth and Hal Davies entered his life.  They were seeking a ranch in which to invest a legacy, and the Flying H had taken their fancy. Unwilling though Tracy was to relinquish his holdings, he had been glad to consider selling a half-interest aft- er one look into Ruth's blue eyes. Brother and sister, they called themselves. But Hal's folks had merely raised Ruth and they were no blood relation. Brother and sister!  Tracy laughed harshly as he emerged from the draw and found flowing water before him. At this point the river was wide, a calm surface hiding the true swift- ness of its current. Tracy dropped halter rope and bridle reins in order that both