12 ELSA BARKER    to be popular with the gals tonight," he said.  The stranger turned a glassy eye on him and Walt caught a strong whiff of liquor. With a strength that seemed puny to the big cowboy he struck at the lean-muscled arm.  "I'll do my own worrying about that," he assured Walt in a voice that was thick and slurring. "The girls always go for me, all right!"  Walt grinned a little. Probably the man ought to be put outside again to air off a little, but he hated to start a brawl at his grandfather's party. He tightened his fin- gers on the stranger's shoulder and gave it a little shake.  "Behave yourself, Bud. I'll have an eye on you."  This time the man seemed not to have heard. The music had stopped and the dancers were slowly leaving the floor. The stranger looked the room over for a minute, then started across the floor, straight as a homing pigeon toward Lucy McAdams and the banker.  The girl's cool, reserved face came sud- denly alive. From halfway across the big living room Walt couldn't accurately judge all the changes of expression that chased each other across her face, but he could see that she recognized the stranger, and that she was not any too pleased to see him.  The man was talking now and smiling. The girl shook her head. He laid a hand familiarly on her arm, and she drew back sharply.  Walt started across the room. The music started up again, but now everybody seemed to be looking at the three people still in the middle of the floor, and not many started to dance.  Walt put his hand on the girl's arm. "Wasn't this our dance, Miss McAdams?"  She looked up at him, her face red with embarrassment, not dead-pan any longer, thanking him mutely for his help!  "I--why--yes, I guess it was! Could we--"  "Now look here, Lucy," the man broke in, his voice rising even above the music, "if you're trying to ditch me after me fol- lowing you for a thousand miles just for the chance to talk to you again, you're crazy! You act like you was ashamed of me!"  The girl's face got even redder, but her     shoulders straightened and her chin lifted.  "I am ashamed of you!" she said sharply. "Coming in here drunk--without even an invitation, I'll bet--and making a scene this way." She looked up at Walt. "This is Clark Bowles--Mr. Carmack--Mr. Chip- man. He comes from the same town in In- diana that I do and--and he's all right when he isn't drunk!"  The banker bowed politely, a peculiar lit- tle smile on his face. Lucy looked up at Walt again.  "Couldn't we--"  "Sure," Walt answered her. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Billy Gamel speak to the head fiddler. With scarcely a break they swung into the opening bars of Red River Valley. Millie Harrell moved over beside them and began singing, softly at first, then as heads turned to watch, her voice rose, clear and sure and of such a simple sweetness that a breathless hush fell over the room. Tired, worried frowns were magically smoothed from women's fore- heads as they listened. A child over at the other end of the room suddenly stopped fretting. Even the drunk man standing be- tween Gene Chipman and Walt Carmack straightened his shoulders, and a little smile smoothed away the sulky droop to his mouth, making him look almost boyish and nice.  Walt nodded to the big banker. They each looped an arm through the stranger's and quietly led him off the floor. After a moment Lucy McAdams followed. As she reached the door, Millie stopped singing. For a moment the breathless hush over the room held, then a wave of delighted ap- plause seemed to rock the walls of the big old house.  CHAPTER III  THE dance had been in mid- June and it was now late July. So far it had been a hot, dry summer with scant rain even in the hills. Grass was short and cattle were beginning to show gaunt flanks. Only the hardy native cornfields seemed to thrive.  But in other ways it had been a pleasant summer. For one thing, Ford Harrell had