6 ELSA BARKER    factory paint, and drawn by a quick step- ping, high-headed black horse. Riding alongside at a slow jogging trot was the Lucky Diamond foreman on the high- hipped, bony gray that was his favorite mount.  The thick-shouldered man on the buggy seat was as immaculate, his English riding boots as shiny as if he, too, had just been turned out of a factory. Gene Chipman, the banker from Cosecha, was in a way a man of mystery. Even the folks who lived in Cosecha and thought it the finest town in the world were aware that it was odd a man of Chipman's wealth and sophistica- tion should settle down and open a bank in this sleepy little town, thirty miles from a railroad.  He had been there three years now, and because he never talked about his past, there had been many wild rumors about him; but after the first year the gossip had mostly been kindly, for the banker had a way with him. Even when he went about the un- pleasant business of foreclosing mortgages and calling in loans he seemed anxious to make it as painless as possible.  They pulled up alongside the fence and Walt saw Ford Harrell's practiced eye squint down the line of new posts. When he turned back to the cowboy there was grudging approval in his hard eyes.  Chipman grinned at the cowboy.  "Ford certainly doesn't know much about diplomacy, does he? Doesn't he know he ought to butter up the old man's grandson? Why don't you find this boy a nice, soft job closer to home, Ford?"  He sounded as if he meant it as a joke, but it was the wrong thing to say. Ford Harrell's stocky body stiffened. His voice had the rasp of pent-up irritation in it.  "As long as I'm ramroddin' this ranch there'll be no soft jobs for anyone. Walt can take my orders or one of us'll get off the ranch!"  It was the same challenge Walt Carmack had had flung at him nearly every day for two years. He was tired of it, but in a way he was on the spot. He knew how much Lucky Jim thought of his foreman, he knew how faithfully Ford Harrell had served Lucky Jim for years, and he didn't like the idea of busting up a friendship like that.     Anyhow, he didn't figure he was much of a man if he couldn't stand a little heckling for the peace of mind of his frail mother and old grandfather.  He looked Ford Harrell in the eye and grinned a little. "You ain't heard me com- plainin' have you?" he asked easily.  Harrell's answer to that was a grunt. "Mr. Chipman wanted to drive up the Mesa road, an' I thought maybe you could tell him whether it's passable since the May rains."  Walt eyed the slim-legged horse, the bright, new buggy wheels. "It's mighty rough and steep."  "Passable?"  "Maybe. If you don't mind takin' the chance of breakin' a wheel--an' your horse ain't spooky."  "Maybe I better give up the idea. I wish I could ride horseback. I hurt my back when I was a kid and I have to be mighty careful." Chipman smiled apologetically. "I'm going to have to close a loan to old man Eastman. He's got a little piece of land up beyond Cerro Pelon. Thought I'd take a look at it, and if it appealed to me I'd take it and call the deal square."  Walt looked at him curiously. In his experience bankers didn't usually discuss the details of their business with casual acquaintances.  "You've been buying up quite a few pieces around here lately, ain't you?" he asked idly. "What you want it for? Goin' into the ranchin' business?"  Chipman laughed and shrugged. "No. Damned if I know what I want it for. I just like the feeling of being a land owner, I guess. Anyhow, land's about as solid a thing as a man can put his money into these days."  Ford Harrell gave him an amused, slight- ly sour look. "Well, in case you do go into the cow raisin' business, maybe you'd like to come along with me an' Walt an' learn how to pull porcupine quills out of a bull's nose."  Chipman laughed again. "Sure! I al- ways did like to watch a rodeo."  Harrell turned to Walt. "It's that new bull of Lucky Jim's. He's just around the hill. We'll round up a little bunch of cattle and shove them with him down to the cor- ral at the Ojo Feliz."