40 ROBERT DALE DENVER    to scare you. I'm just making an offer. I've got a few papers that either you sign or you don't leave here alive." He brought out a long heavy envelope from his pocket.  "I'll be damned if I sign anything!" snarled Temple. "You can't bluff me."  "In signing these papers," said Coulter, "you admit to being respon- sible for the killing of a few men, in- cluding Addison Stevens. You admit also to having made it look as if Addi- son Stevens got in a fight with one of the Garys and Neils, when they were really killed separately by your hired gunmen, and the bodies arranged so it would be laid to a gun battle. And you admit that you started a war of ex- termination against your neighbors."  "I'm damned if I sign any such thing!" burst out Temple.  "You'll be damned if you don't." Coulter's sixgun slithered up out of its holster. "The Night River has covered up a lot of bodies in its time, it's big enough to cover yours too."  "You can't shoot a man in cold blood, Coulter," protested Temple. "You're not as low as that."  Coulter's smile only widened, and Temple turned to Threllen, standing watching quietly.  "Threllen, you won't let him do it," Temple appealed to his employee. "You wouldn't see me shot down in cold blood. You're my friend, Threl- len."  Threllen said nothing. He merely looked at Temple, and, reading that look, Temple knew he had no chance.  "I'll sign," he said slowly. "I'd have more chance against a pair of rattlers."  Coulter spread the contents of the envelope on a table.  "Blackmail," muttered Temple, after he had scratched his name on the bot- tom of the pages and Coulter had fold- ed them up and replaced them in the envelope.  "Blackmail, yes, "Coulter admitted. "You'll tell the court you signed under duress, of course. But you're thinking wrong there, Temple."     Something about Coulter's tone made Temple turn pale.  "You mean you're going to kill me anyway?" he asked hoarsely.  "It's the safest way for us, isn't it?" said Coulter. "You've always realized it yourself: dead men tell no tales. You've been getting up an army of men to go over and wipe out the Garys and Neils and McWhirters. You'll be glad to know that's going as you planned it. I brought some more men to help, and you'll be in the saddle here as far as anyone knows. When it's over you'll be found dead, and people will say it served you right. While the Cross Seven you hoped to own for yourself will be owned by somebody else. They'll even say you killed your girl cousin when she's found dead, as she's going to be. You'll be charged with everything. And meanwhile who will take over the ranch? Who do you think, Temple?"  "You," said Temple. "Who else?"  "Wrong. It won't be me. It'll be a smarter man than I am. You're look- ing at him. Temple."  Temple looked at Threllen and then back at Coulter. Then he stared hard toward the doorway leading into the dining room. He stood as if transfixed, looking into the other room as if he saw a ghost there.  "D-don't let him do it," he stam- mered. "Don't let him--" The rest of his words were drowned in the loud crash of a rifle from beyond that door- way. fired by someone that Jean could not see. Temple went down all at once, his body collapsing to hit the floor with a thump. Silence followed, until Coulter chuckled.  "Dead center," he said. "Good shoot- ing."  That mysterious murder, the shot fired through the doorway by some un- known, saved Jean Carvel from an out- cry that would surely have betrayed her. An ordinary murder would have brought a scream from her, but this sinister, deliberate killing paralyzed her. Her eyes were fixed on the rec-