18 ROBERT DALE DENVER   Gary hesitated a moment, then shook his head.  "Wouldn't tell us, I reckon, if you did," said Roane. "Want to look after your own wolf skinning. We'll have to get a doctor for you. Nearest one I suppose is in Hurley."  "No, none there. My uncle, Will Gary, is a doctor, the best in Night River country. Lives over on a ranch near Dad's in Dawn Canyon. I'll be able to ride back in a couple hours, if I can get a horse. I wish you'd get word to--to--" Another gusty sigh came, then, weak from the strain of talking, he fainted. The blood flow from the wound had dwindled, but plainly a ride, even a short one, would start it again.  They placed Gary on the stretcher and started out, walking slowly so as to jar him as little as possible. Thun- der was rumbling from a cloud bank to the northwest. Roane led the way, enabled by his freakish eyes to avoid brush and boulders despite the dark- ness made by the approaching storm. The girl tired but she was game, re- fusing to stop longer than a few sec- onds to rest.  Reaching the camp, they placed Gary in a comfortable bed Jean Carvel made in the wagon for him. There Roane undressed the man. Meanwhile the girl had prepared bandages and together they washed the dirt from about the ugly wound as best they could without disturbing the blood clots. The bleed- ing had practically stopped but a high fever had begun to burn the man's body. In delirium he began to mumble a few words. Jean Carvel glanced up at Roane in astonishment.  "Why, he's saying the name of that girl from the Cross Seven, the one who saved Dad from being quirted by those brutes yesterday: Linda Stevens. He wants word gotten to her. But I thought the Stevens and Gary families are enemies."  "They are," said Roane. "I heard in town that Addison Stevens was found with a Gary and a neighbor, all dead     of bullets. This cowboy may be a friend of the Stevens girl, but I've got a hunch he has to be kept hidden from the Cross Seven bunch; that his life won't be worth much if they find him."  "We could take him on in the wag- on, toward the Garys, if the road wasn't washed out."  "But you wouldn't be here if it hadn't been washed out. I don't know what to do with him. It's going to rain, which will wipe out our tracks carrying him over here. But I doubt if it's safe to leave him in the wagon. Likely a Cross Seven rider shot him, and that fellow may ride up here in the morning to see what happened to the man he potted."  She nodded agreement. "The wagon is off the road, but it can be easily seen, and if anybody comes into camp, they could hear Gary moaning. But what can we do?"  "I can borrow a horse from you to ride for his doctor uncle to attend to him. Maybe he'll say it's safe to move him home. Meanwhile he can be hid- den in that rocky ridge back of here, with a shelter rigged up against the rain. But I don't like to leave you here alone in this ornery country. You bet- ter ride with me to the Garys. Your dad is likely there by now."  "Go away and leave Gary by him- self?" Jean Carvel shook her head. "I couldn't do that. And Dad might come back here and find me gone. Not that I wouldn't like to be out of here. I've been scared ever since I came down into these deep canyons, and I'll stay scared until we get out. If Dad doesn't come back and he isn't at the Garys, I'll have to hunt for him tomorrow."  A few drops of rain hissed into the fire. Roane looked at his watch. It was still an hour before midnight. By morning enough rain would have fal- len to cover the tracks they had made carrying Gary to camp.  Taking a lantern and axe, he set off into the low rocky ridge. A hundred yards away he found a semi-cave made by a huge boulder that had fallen against a cliff. No horseman could