A STRANGE TRAIL 57    made trailing easy. And Kit Bridger had another advantage which he himself did not suspect. The thief riding the golden stallion knew nothing of the route Curt had ridden. It was for this reason that Molly, riding out of her way and then into the right direction again, handicapped her flight to such an extent that on the second day of her desperate ride she looked up from the floor of a gorge and, to her terror, saw a pursuing horseman riding down the trail above her.  She should have broken into instant flight. As it was, she believed that the man above had not seen her. Where- upon she cut across the floor of the gorge to hide in a ravine which ran deep into the west side of the gloomy place.  Kit Bridger, not daring to hope that the thief was really riding for the cut, snatched his rifle from the boot, raised it to his shoulder, and took steady aim at the fleeing figure. The man on that horse was just about Curt Jones' size, small and slender. Yes, it was Curt, and to hell with him! Because he valued a snarling quarreler like Lin Derry, was that any reason why Kit Bridger should lose the one thing which still made life bright for him--the mag- nificent stallion Curt rode?  Kit knew he could not miss. The shot was well within his rifle range. He had killed mountain sheep at a much greater distance under much greater difficulties. His trigger-finger hugged closer, closer --pulled the trigger.  Only a snap answered him. In haste, he examined the rifle and found that when the key had been stolen from un- der his pillow, the thief had paused on the way out to ruin the mechanism of the weapon. No doubt he had carried it out into the hall for that purpose, where the faint sounds he made could not be heard.  Kit Bridger jammed the rifle back into its boot, then almost uttered a yell of triumph, for he saw the thief turn into the cut. The fool thought he was hiding there! Well, let him think so.     Bridger rode down into the gorge at furious speed, then galloped hard along the floor, but kept straight ahead as though he were going to pass the arroyo east of the mouth. Even yet, if the thief darted out at the top speed of the golden stallion, he might escape, should Bridger happen to miss him with his short gun.  As the rancher drew even with the mouth of the ravine, he saw no signs of the horse-thief issuing forth. So he whirled his mount, crossed the gorge floor in a flash, and was in the ravine, gun in hand.  The mouth was almost choked by a huge boulder. Bridger rounded this with reckless indifference, then checked his mount to a sliding halt, for beyond him, at the head of the cut, in plain sight, stood Ace--broadside to his mas- ter because the thief, hearing the clatter of hoofs, had instantly used him for a shield.  Kit Bridger flung himself from the saddle, advanced a few steps, and halted. He called out scornfully, "Come out from behind that horse, yuh dirty cow- ard! Step aside to the right a couple of yards. I'll promise yuh an even break."  But the thief didn't come out.  Bridger snapped, "Yuh damn fool, don't yuh know yore legs are showin'? I can shoot the feet off yuh any min- ute!"  Still not a sound, nor any movement from the feet. Kit Bridger whistled. At the sharp, imperious sound, a signal he had been sternly trained to obey, Ace plunged against the reins. Angered by their restraint, he reared, pivoted, flung his whole weight against the leathers. Jerking away from the horse-thief, he rushed to his master, mane and tail floating triumphantly, eyes gleaming.  To the astonishment of Bridger, Curt Jones, instead of going for his gun, had crumpled on the ground, gauntleted hands over his face and sobs, appar- ently, shaking his shoulders.  For a second Kit Bridger looked in amazed contempt at the desolate figure. Then he realized this couldn't be Curt