THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 61    pulled a Derringer on me. What was I supposed to do then?"  "Wasn't your fault you didn't kill him," sneered Ronnie. "You can't tell me that a man shooting for his life would try to hit the other fellow's gun. You read about that kind of marksmanship, but you never see it. Personally, I think your skill has been overrated. You've just been plain lucky."  Kent simply stared at him. This was the raw, inexperienced youth talking--a youth secure in the knowledge that no harm could come to him while his sister was with- in earshot.  Ronnie grew uneasy under the steady scrutiny. "What are you looking at?"  "A rare specimen of the jackass that walks on his hind legs," answered Kent quietly. "Ronnie, you're safe enough from me; but if you ever come face to face with a real killer, don't taunt him about his skill."  He turned and walked swiftly away.  Early the next morning he rode again to town. The stage was outside the sta- tion. Kent dismounted near it and stood at a corner of the building, his face hard and inscrutable. Presently Ellen and Ron- nie and Syd Harper came up, Ronnie car- rying the baggage, Ellen walking besides Syd, who was pale of face and evidently still weak.  Kent watched them steadily and the girl, catching his gaze, flushed and turned her head. She helped Syd into the coach and stepped in after him, taking a place on the far side. Ronnie tossed the baggage to the top of the coach, gave Kent a scowl- ing glance, and followed. The stage was off in a cloud of dust without even a backward glance from any of the three.  Kent remained there for some minutes, still poker-faced and cold, until the tumult within him broke its bonds and all the anguish and despair bespoke itself in a harsh, "Hell!" Leaving his horse, he went to the nearest saloon and bought a quart of whiskey, and spent the rest of the morning in a silent and thorough debauch. Men came into the place, took one look at his scowling face and hastily left again. The bartender didn't have to tell them that Kent Bradford was in a dangerous mood.     At noon, Kent staggered to his horse, lifted himself into the saddle and rode far out into the hills. In a little glade where he and Ellen had spent many a happy mo- ment he dropped the reins, slid to the ground and fell on his face in the cool grass.  It was dusk when he got up, cold sober but sick of heart. His jaw was set deter- minedly and his eyes blazed with purpose. He rode to the ranch, packed some treas- ured possessions and went to bed. In the morning he sought out his father.  "I'm goin' to do what you advised," he said quietly. "I'm goin' away to some place where nobody knows me. I'm goin' to dodge trouble. I'll shoot if I have to, but I'll keep on shootin' to miss."  The two men looked at each other long and hard. "You'll need money," said the elder Bradford.  Kent shook his head. "I've enough. Don't worry; I'm not goin' wrong. But I'm goin' to find some place where I don't need eyes in the back of my head."  Their hands met in a long grip. "You'll write to your mother?"  Kent nodded and turned away. Hazing the pack horse before him, he rode from the ranch.  III The Bald-Headed Man  HE FOLLOWED the stage road north to Junction City and there made inquiries regard- ing the three travelers; but Junction City was a large place on the Butterfield stage route with several lines radiating from it and he received conflicting information. One agent thought the party had gone west, another had the impression that they had gone east. Kent gave up the vague idea of pursuit with a feeling that was akin to despair. Hope dies hard. Even though his common sense told him it would do him no good to find Ellen, he wanted to see her again, to tell her of his new resolve and his determina- tion to go through with it regardless of her feelings toward him.