86 LUCRETIA WHITEHEAD PAYNE    you bein' outa the picter now. Though how a girl like Anita, who we all thunk was goin' to hitch up with you, Terry, can take up with that snooty cuss, I don't savvy."  Roy Beales and Anita! The idea had never occurred to Terry, and the force of Con- nor's surmise struck him a sickening jolt. Beales had come to Black Rock in reply to an advertisement by the Hart Company for a trained storeman, and he had proved he was all that. Yet he had never been popular with the people who traded with the store, and to Terry in particular his sleek fox-like smoothness, shifty eyes and rat-trap mouth had always been obnoxious.  Though he could hardly wait to reach town and see the girl he loved, he looked carefully over the stabled horses with ex- perienced eyes before he said, "Can I take the buckskin, Jake? Looks like he's strong and speedy." Then he went on, gratefully, "Some day I'll get even with you for this, and don't you forget it. You're a real friend."  But Terry's eyes were hard and his tanned features bleak and grim as he rode toward town at a fast trot. Was he too late? Had Anita's love for him cooled as a result of their quarrel and his long ab- sence? He couldn't bring himself to be- lieve it. yet uneasy and unhappy thoughts traveled close to him all the long, cold ride.  It was late afternoon when he stabled the buckskin at the town's big livery barn, en- gaged a room at the warm, steamy hotel, and then strode along the snow-packed street to Black Rock's most pretentious building, which housed the Hart Mercan- tile Company's big general store.  As Terry pulled open the frosty, glass- paneled doors, he smelled the never-forgot- ten mingled odors of drygoods and coffee and dried fruit and leather that drifted through the establishment. For a moment he stood uncertainly inside the door, his hungry gaze searching for a golden head that always caught and held the light, just as it caught and held his heart! Searching also for the lovely, animated face with gold- lashed blue eyes and long, laughing lips.  At last his quest was rewarded, and he reached Anita's side just as her customer departed.  "Anita! Anita mia!" He spoke her name     as if it were a melody singing through him. His heart was singing as she flashed a de- lighted glance at him, her lips curved in delight, her slender hands reaching out to him in happy welcome. How had he ever had the strength of will to stay away from her so long, Terry wondered as his arms slipped about her and he felt the wonder of her yielding to his embrace.  "Terry!" she breathed. "Terry, I've so missed you."  "I came for the Valentine dance after all, you see, sweetheart. Our dance. I want a Hart for my Valentine this year as always."  So sure had he been of her welcome agreement that he felt a chill worse than that of his long, hard trip when the light died from her eyes, and she pulled herself free of his arms. He was not conscious of anyone near, only of sickening disappoint- ment as she said:  "I'm afraid that's quite impossible, Terry."  "You mean," he began, and stopped, aware of someone standing behind him listening.  A smooth patronizing voice broke in: "In town on business, Welch? Something we can do for you here in the store?"  Roy Beales smiled at the rancher. But it was a smile devoid of warmth or friendli- ness. More like the expression of a fox which had snatched its prey from a weaker animal. How like a fox he was, thought Terry, swinging around and looking down on the storeman, whom he overtopped by four good inches.  His own voice was cold and expression- less. "In town to find out why there's no cottonseed cake for the two ranches on High Mesa. And I aim to find out about it before I leave!"  Beales hunched his shoulders insolently, and Terry felt his hands clench at his sides as Anita slipped away and disappeared. Beales said, "I told you over the phone all there is to know. Bad business, I realize, but you can probably buy hay to get you through."  "You know damned well I can't buy hay!" snapped Terry. "When practically every cowman's had to buy cake it means they've no hay!"