LOBO LAW    was agony--until the stones he stepped on were like nails driven into his blistered feet.  Twice Hallmark stumbled and fell and scrambled up in panic-prodded haste. It was mid-afternoon now, with sun glare burning down at full heat, sucking the moisture from Hallmark's sweat-stained shirt. Presently he fell a third time, where- upon Rennevant dismounted.  "Reckon mebbe you know how my hoss felt this morning," he muttered and turned Hallmark loose.  The Double D foreman had gotten up quickly. But now he sat down. His amber eyes were hot with a futile, festering re- sentment that was close to turning him ber- serk. He opened his lips as if to vent the venom of his hate, but he clamped them shut again without speaking.  Rennevant grinned, and remembering the handcuffs in his saddle bags, felt tempted to arrest Hallmark here and now. But that would expose him as a badge-toter and he wasn't ready for that yet. . . .  So he said dryly, "I'll be seeing you again, Whitey. And I'll be teaching you another lesson. You'll be a well educated galoot when I get through with you."  Then he turned west, circling his back- trail as a precaution against running into the posse. Crossing an open summit he saw another homestead clearing; another log house and corral. A woman in a poke bonnet was spading a garden plot near the house, and a little girl with bright red rib- bons in her hair was playing with a puppy on the shaded stoop.  Watching that tranquil scene and know- ing how hugely range war would change it, Rennevant felt a futile regret. It seemed almost impossible that this country was on the thin edge of bloody conflict, that these hushed hills would soon resound to the crash of guns and the curses of dying men. Yet even at this moment all the ingredients of hate and greed and violence were in these hills. Five gunhung riders were push- ing cattle onto Anvil grass. Whitey Hall- mark was limping toward Double D with a bloodlust brew of hate running hot in his veins. And somewhere, perhaps over the next ridge, a three-man posse stalked.      "I'm TIRED of being just a Bookkeeper I'm going to be an Accountant --and make REAL money" WRITE TO LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A Correspondence Institution Dept. 275-H Chicago 15, Ill. I'd like to prepare for a good accounting job. Send me your free booklet and full details about your training. NAME Position ADDRESS CITY AND STATE   Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 107