CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 7   Meanwhile Dan Carvel had landed one hard blow on the jaw of the lank cowboy reaching for him. Promptly the cowboy fell back over the wheel, hit- ting the ground hard. Two other cow- boys, however, seized Carvel, and des- pite his savage fighting brought him to the ground. Here they tore off his shirt and undershirt, and a few moments later Dan Carvel's body, bare above the waist, was plastered against the rough reddish bark of a pine. Then his arms were bent around the trunk and the wrists lashed together with a length of thong leather. After that, at a word from Threllen, the lank cowboy that Carvel had hit in the jaw went to get a quirt from his saddle.  Jean Carvel, her wrists in the vise of the big hands of the man Threllen had called Hake, tried vainly to break loose, while her blood-bay danced nerv- ously. Hake chuckled and grasping both her wrists in one big wide paw, he put the freed arm around the girl, drawing her slim body close to him.  "You ain't no she-cat; you're just a little pigeon, that's what you are," he murmured. "Cutest little pigeon I ever laid eyes on."  "Don't you dare hit him!" Jean Carvel screamed as she struggled fu- riously to get loose. The girl was be- side herself with horror and anger. Looking for some way to free herself, she glanced down at Hake's knee, cov- ered only by a pair of levis. Bringing up one leg agilely, she jammed the spur wheel against the man's leg.  A loud squall of pain came from Hake, and his grip on the girl's hands slackened. Jean jerked them loose and reached for Hake's six-shooter, riding in a holster at his waist. The big hog- leg came out of leather, but Threllen was coming in on her left, crashing his horse deliberately into the girl's blood- bay. Jean clung desperately to the six- shooter, but before she could use the weapon, Threllen had clamped her arms to her sides. Next instant he twisted the gun roughly from her hand.  The weapon fell to the ground, and     with it went the girl's slim chance of helping her father. Hake had captured her wrists again and was twisting them cruelly. Jean began crying, not because of the pain but in pity for her father.  "Let him have it, Quinn!" yelled Threllen to the man with the quirt. "And we ought to give his wild-cat daughter a dose of the same medicine!"  The man lifted the quirt high over Dan Carvel's bare back, but before the blow could fall, a clatter of hoofs sounded and another rider came out of the trees down canyon. A young wom- an riding side saddle and dressed in an impractical garb for range country --a long green riding habit topped by a sombrero as a concession doubtless to the strong Southwestern sun. She was blonde, tall, slender--too slender for vigorous health, the face too thin for beauty. Her eyes, a deep blue in color, were dull, dead, with a definite look of haunting melancholy. She rode straight to the tree to which Dan Carvel was bound.  "I asked you to wait down canyon for us, Miss Linda," said Threllen.  "What are you doing here?" the girl returned. "What has this man done, Threllen? Who is he?"  "You can see for yourself what we're doin'," Threllen told her sullenly. "We never saw him before. Him and his daughter say they want to hunt some stray horses they claim they bought from the Garys. Most likely horses the Garys stole from us, if there was any horses like he claims. It's my idea he's a Gary spy. We can't allow no stranger in here on our range, you know that. Mr. Temple has given orders to stop anyone coming in on the ranch."  "If this man had intended any harm," the girl pointed out, "he wouldn't risk bringing in his own daughter. Since there's no other wagon road to Dawn Canyon he's entitled to travel through our range to the Gary ranch to get back his horses. Give him a reasonable time to find them and take them out. I don't understand why you have to count everyone as our enemies. You and Tem-