FIRE FRENZY 127    understanding of human nature, had found him at that act of desperation, his whole outlook on life was changed. Just the relief of knowing that his moth- er and sister had a home to come to was enough to make a new man of him. But added to that the thought that he was to be near Kay, helping her and planning for her, opened up untold vis- tas of hopes that were too magic to be indulged in.  Ted found Old Man Warren's shack without any trouble. He knocked on the door, which was pulled open after a minute or two, and he found him- self facing the grizzled old prospector, who eyed him with suspicious sur- prise.  "What do you want?" he demanded inhospitably.  "I wanted to see you about buying some of that timberland that you hold on the south ridge of the Bitter Root," Ted answered, having all he could do to keep from laughing aloud at the com- ical change that came over Old Man Warren's fierce expression.  "What's that?" he asked, his face screwed up and his eyes squinted as though he doubted the evidence of his senses. "What'd you say?"  Ted repeated the purpose of his visit.  "Gosh Halifax Almighty!" His host opened the door wide and, pulling Ted in, hastily closed it behind him. "I sure never thought I'd live to hear that! You got any real money?" He blinked sus- piciously at his visitor.  "I've twenty-five dollars to say I'm in earnest," Ted answered. "I'm offering you a hundred dollars for ten acres and an option on another ten at the same price. And I'm ready to pay that twen- ty-five right now on deposit."  "Say, young fella, what's your game?" Old Man Warren demanded. "You been prospectin' up there?"  Ted laughed. "No; that's out of my line. I don't want it for myself," he added frankly. "I'm buying it for Kay Crandon."  Old Man Warren's suspicious little     eyes screwed up still more. "What's she after? Started already to have a fling with her insurance money?"  "Maybe." Ted gladly let his host put his own interpretation on Kay's pur- pose. The less he guessed Kay's vital need for the property the better.  "Well, if she wants it that bad, strikes me she'll pay more, now that she's got all that money to sling around," the old prospector announced with cun- ning. "You tell her I ain't selling for a mite less than twenty dollars an acre."  Ted turned carelessly toward the door. "No point telling her that," he observed. "There's plenty of timberland to be bought at ten dollars an acre and even less. I'll just pick it up somewhere else without bothering you any more. Kay thought you'd like to sell and told me to give you the first chance." He pulled open the door. "So long."  "Hi, there! Wait a minute! You don't need to be in such a doggone rush! I didn't say I wouldn't sell, did I?" Old Man Warren pulled him back. "Have it your own way," he capitulated. Then he added greedily, "where's that twen- ty-five bucks?"  "We'll get this down in black and white first." Ted sat down at the rough pine board table and drew up a memo- randum of the transaction, which Old Man Warren signed.  "Here you are," Ted said, handing him the money. He put the precious mem- orandum in his pocket, smiling as he watched his host count the twenty-five dollars with loving care. "You're well rid of it," he observed, as he turned to the door again. "Buyers aren't any too plentiful these days."  Old Man Warren nodded impatiently, but made no response as he started to count his unexpected wealth again. With a "So long" that this time was ac- cepted, Ted went out and mounted his horse, well satisfied with his afternoon's work.  Going back at a more leisurely pace, he was about five miles west of Red River when he noticed, far off in the