SKYLINE TRAIL 109    dy, and in no condition to ride." Fran had already mounted, turning for a last word. "But you can make it to the house and call Sheriff Bronson in Wagontire. Tell him to cut down Goose Creek and meet me in the flats. We'll pick up Felton's trail there."  "Seems I ought to go along, Miss Fran!"  "No, Paddy! It's more important for you to stay here. Boyd Hanley'll stop by this morning with his plane. Tell him what's happened and ask him to cruise over the country between here and the San Simeons. He can spot White Arrow from the sky where it'd take a ground force a month in that rough country."  BEFORE old Paddy could remon- strate further, Fran set spurs to flanks and went racing through the Lazy Q gate. Old Paddy roused, brush- ing a gnarled hand across dazed eyes. Fran had said to phone to Sheriff Bronson and at the rate she was travel ing, Bronson wouldn't more than have time to reach the flats and meet her. Paddy turned, then suddenly stopped, a slow stricture catching at his throat. There in the damp dirt at his feet showed a bright gleam of metal. The next moment he stooped and picked up a pair of tiny silver wings.  So it had been Hanley there by the watering trough last night. Hanley who'd cracked down on him from be- hind! Paddy knew a sudden cold rage. Hanley in cahoots with that crooked carnival outfit, playing up to Fran so's to give Snide and Jud Felton a chance to steal White Arrow! Probably that story about a government seeding con- tract was all hooey. And he'd come wingin' in this mornin', all mealy- mouthed and innocent, to further throw 'em off the track. But Hanley wouldn't be dealing with Fran this time. Han- ley'd find Paddy McGrew and Sheriff Bronson waiting, with guns. Once they'd clipped that bird's wings, they'd soon catch up with his pals!  Sheriff Bronson was in his office     when Paddy phoned. "What's that?" he shouted above the buzzing of the rural line. "That albino stole? I'll be right out. Hold everything!"  As Paddy hung up the receiver, his old jaw set implacably. He oiled up his forty-five, then went out to the front porch where he could watch down the section line road for the sheriff. It was a clear morning, bright and fresh, with dew sparkling like jewels on the mead- ow grass. Yet Paddy McGrew saw none of it, his thoughts being too engrossed with what lay ahead. Boyd Hanley, Snide Felton and Jud Felton. A dirty trio of scoundrels who'd plotted to hornswoggle a fine girl like Fran!  And then all at once Paddy McGrew stiffened. There came the powerful hum of a motor overhead as Boyd Han- ley's plane zoomed into sight, making for the little valley north of the house. So Hanley had come to call on Fran again! With an alacrity born of fury, the old cowhand hitched up his gun- belt and set out on the valley path.  The flyer was coming in for a land- ing, skimming over the smooth ground. He brought the plane up into the wind, then glided to a stop. Paddy, rounding a last bend in the trail, saw Hanley climb from his cockpit as the propellor lost momentum.  "Somethin' sort of romantic about them flyers," the old cowhand mused grimly. "Reckon Fran couldn't help failin' half in love with him."  Boyd Hanley was striding swiftly down the trail, with wind lifting dark waving hair. Handsome. Even old Paddy McGrew must admit that, yet it detracted nothing from his determina- tion.  "Stop right there, Hanley!" he snapped, forty-five whipping up. "And start reachin' for them clouds."  "Paddy! What in hell!" Boyd Han- ley froze, gray eyes wide. "Why all the gunplay?"  As if he didn't know! Hanley was sure a good actor all right. No wonder he'd taken Fran in!  "I'm holdin' you prisoner, Hanley,