30 ELSA BARKER    of the tall cowboy, and he'd never tell him anything. She knew suddenly that the task of finding who was behind all the trouble on the Lucky Diamond had fallen on her own slender shoulders.  She looked up at Walt.  "I was restless and couldn't sleep, so I got up and came for a walk. Somebody shot at me. I thought I saw a man on a gray horse out by the corrals. I think he went that way." She pointed vaguely, then real- ized too late that her story had been a little too glib, too made up. Walt Carmack was looking at her queerly. He turned to the other men.  "Slim, you and Spike get horses and ride the east road--fast. Rusty and Jug take the southeast. I'll take this one." Lucy's heart gave a sudden, frightened thump when he motioned to the road that led past the dou- ble line of cottonwoods. Then with relief she remembered that by the time Walt had a horse saddled, Clark would have a good headstart, and even with moonlight it was impossible to see very far.  Millie Harrell's slim, shivering figure ap- peared in the darkness behind them. She had thrown a light wrap over her night- gown, but the chill night air was cutting around the edges.  "For goodness' sake, w-w-what's g-g-go- ing on out here?" she chattered.  Walt turned to her. "Millie, where's Ford?"  She gave him a blank look. "Why, I don't know. He went to t-t-town this afternoon. S-s-said he might not be back till late. And I g-g-guess he isn't or he'd be out here too."  The other hands had started for the cor- rals. Walt paused a moment longer.  "Millie, you take Lucy in the house and keep her there till I get back. You better lock the doors. There seems to be a prowl- er around tonight."  CHAPTER VIII  LUCY was docile enough about the stay- ing indoors until she was sure the men were out of the yards. Then she went to work on Millie. Millie loved excitement herself, and     she was dead set against taking any man's orders unless she had to. The only trouble was that Millie wanted to go along.  Lucy adopted her most schoolteacherish, authoritative manner.  "Look, Millie, Clark knows something I've got to find out. And he won't tell any- body but me. He wouldn't even tell me if there was anyone else along."  To her surprise the tall girl gave in grace- fully. "Okay, honey, it's your show. I won't spoil it for you. But you better take my gun--and for goodness' sake be careful. If anything happens to you. Walt'll take my head"off!"  Not more than half an hour after the men had gone, the little foreman's cottage was dark again, Millie was back in bed, and Lucy, with a bundle of food, medicine and bandages tied on behind, was in the saddle heading out the southwest road. She had only the vaguest idea of how to find the adobe house Clark had told her about. Mil- lie could have doubtless given her accurate directions, but much as she loved the ranch girl she couldn't quite trust her with such an important secret. Millie was friendly and talkative. She was perfectly capable of spilling the beans to exactly the wrong per- son.  Lucy followed the road for about a mile until she remembered that Walt Carmack had come this way a little while earlier. Anyhow, the road wouldn't take her all the way to the abandoned adobe shack where Clark was hiding. So she cut across the open toward the river. If she followed the river downstream, sooner or later she would come to the cabin.  It sounded simple, but she found that there were little Mexican farms scattered along the river with many fences and barbed-wire gates. A half-dozen times, warned by the barking of dogs that some place was inhabited, she had to make a wide detour. Several times she thought she heard hoofbeats behind her, but when she stopped to listen she could hear nothing but the heavy breathing of her own horse. Here, with cornfields patching the river bottoms, big old cottonwoods shading the farm yards, and Lucky Diamond Herefords grazing on the open range outside the fences, she couldn't tell whether any of the shadowy