34 ROBERT DALE DENVER    Looking across a fire at a girl seems the most natural way to me of looking at a girl. My partner tells me I ought to have been born sixty years ago, so I could have been a trapper. But I like living in a house--a good log house. And I can build one too, I'll have you know. I'm going to build one for the girl I marry. As many rooms in it as she wants. And I'm not joking."  "I know you're not, Roane," she said quietly. "And when Dad and I get back to our ranch, you'll come to see us. We've got a big fireplace, and I want to see how you look by the light of it. But that will be when we're all out of these Canyons of the Night--if we ever are."  Roane stepped close to her and put his arm over her shoulders lightly. "Look," he said, "don't you go getting afraid now, after it's all over. To- morrow night you'll be safe and happy with your father, over in Dawn Can- yon."  She was very still a moment. Then, "But you won't be going with us. You'll be staying here."  "And will that make a difference to you?" he asked.  Her eyes met him. "Yes, it will, Roane."  "I like to hear you say that," he told her gravely. His arm tightened about her, drawing her to him. "But I've got to stay here, Jean. Andy and I came in here to help Linda Stevens. Andy's friend--that McNab woman-- paid a lot of money so we could come in."  She was silent, her slim figure rigid.  "You persuade Linda to leave with you, and I'll go along," said Roane.  "Is that a promise?" she demanded swiftly.  "It's a promise. It's little to what I'd really do for you, Jean. When you're out of this, I want to tell you just how much I would like to do for you--including that big log house, built to your order."  He thought of her smile as he went to the camp Andy Partle had made     and there, near exhaustion from his two trips to the Gary ranch and his long search for Jean's father, he rolled in and slept like a dead man. But he was awake before daylight, joining Andy Partle, who was up getting breakfast. Andy was in a sober mood. To him the situation was as dangerous as a family of children playing with a box of dynamite caps.  Roane agreed, but had he only him- self to worry about, he would have been enjoying the danger. These deep canyons, the horses that ranged on the mesas above, the deadly feud even, attracted him. This Cross Seven pre- sented a problem to him like that of catching some renegade shrewd old silvertip, only this situation was one of human minds and human hands that could shoot deadly guns. He had re- assured Jean Carvel that the danger was practically over, but he knew it wasn't. For one thing, too many people knew of the presence of the wounded Tom Gary. The girl Linda, in love with the young fellow, might give away the dangerous secret in a dozen ways.  "Only thing to do," said Andy, "is to git all these females and Gary out of here tonight."  "That's a large party to move, with- out any of these Cross Seven riders finding out about it."  "No matter. Either we all git out or else we're all gone goslin's. That Temple and Threllen are snake bloods from what Nab told me. If they sus- pected we ain't in here to buy horses, we'd be in hot water quick."  They were eating breakfast when the Cross Seven crew of riders started from the corrals, led by Threllen. Both Roane and Andy put rifles under bed- rolls where they could be yanked out quickly and stuck six-shooters under their jackets. Threllen rode up to the fire.  "I heard you brought in a hound. Is he any good at trailing?" demanded Threllen.  "He's got a nose can smell," said Roane. "But not after these rains.