CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 27    to be safe. Threllen is hunting this mesa, and he'll be found, sure. There's no time to lose. He needs your help."  The soul of the girl was revealed in the sudden illumination that came to her face. "I'll do anything," she repeated. "What can I do? Tell me!"  Jean's voice became matter-of-fact, casual. "You've got to calm yourself first. I'm going to hitch up the team to the wagon and move down canyon to be near your ranch. I want you to ride into the rocks where you see those two dead pines leaning against each other. A few yards west of there you'll find Tom Gary and his father. You must tell his father it's necessary to move his son at once and the only way to do that is to get him to the wagon. There's a stretcher in the shelter that can be used to bring him here. Once here we can hide him in the back. I'll drive close to the Cross Seven head- quarters. Tom can stand only a short trip, otherwise I'd take him to Hurley. Do you understand?"  Linda Stevens nodded. "Yes. Bring him to the ranch. We'll find a place to hide him there in the cliffs."  Threllen had ridden away to join his men, but Temple was lingering near the wagon.  "When you come back," Jean went on, "you've got to get Temple away from here without making him sus- picious."  After the girl had ridden into the trees, Jean hurried to get the gray team harnessed. Roane Brandon, she knew, would follow Linda Stevens to the shelter and help Gary move his son. Jean found herself working in a frenzy of haste, with her fingers all thumbs. Then she suddenly got hold of herself. A man's life--no, the lives of three men: Roane, Tom and Tom Gary's father--were at stake. With the team hooked to the wagon, she loaded up the camp gear, spreading her bed in the back for Tom Gary.  When she began work, Fred Temple lazily sat his horse nearby, chatting, plainly liking to talk with a pretty     young stranger. But when Linda Stevens returned, she soon disposed of Temple, challenging him to hurdle some fallen trees. Temple preferred showing off his riding skill, of which he was plainly proud, even to talking to Jean. Little by little, by inducing Temple to race his horse against hers, Linda got Temple out of sight of the wagon.  Jean stood guard while Roane and Clayton Gary brought the wounded man from the brush to load him into the vehicle. Then Roane went back for the bed and tarpaulin, while Gary crawled in beside his son.  "It will be a hard ride for him," Jean said.  "It's not far to the Cross Seven," said Clayton Gary. "They'll never think to look for Tom there; it was a smart idea you had. We'll get him away as soon as we can, though, if we have to carry him every foot on a stretcher. I'm afraid to trust the Stevens girl with a secret like this. She may mean well toward Tom, but she's got an insane streak in her, same as the rest of the family."  Jean went into the brush to meet Roane who had brought the bedroll. Placed in the back of the wagon, it would serve as a screen for the Garys.  Roane looked at her. "You're a smart, brave girl," he told her warmly. "I'm riding out now, taking Clayton Gary's horse with me to turn loose; it won't do to have him found around here. Then I'm riding to meet my partner. Want to get my hound to help hunt for your father. It's rained too much for a dog to find old trails, but Savvy he's not an ordinary dog. I'd like something your father has worn."  "There's an old soft leather pair of shoes he wears around camp," she said. "I'll get one of them."  "Fine. If he's afoot and wandering about. Savvy can cut his trail in a hurry. I'll see you at the Cross Seven tonight, and I'll hope to have good news for you."