72 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    tern light traveled slowly up his body. If only Kent could see his face!  Bradford crouched like a cornered puma, his gun still determinedly depressed, watch- ing, waiting. Again the other's Colt blazed and Kent gasped as the bullet burned his neck. The sweat came out on his face; he had to shoot! Had to shoot or be shot. Just one more step and he would know!  The fellow stopped abruptly, the line of light chest high. His hand held the gun rigidly at the level of his waist and he was peering over the lantern at the shadowy shape in the corner of the room. Kent saw the muzzle of the weapon move slightly and knew with the instinct of the marksman that the next shot would not miss. With a groan he snapped up his Colt, the ham- mer tense under his thumb. It would be close; he must shoot to kill! He let the hammer slip and as he did so the other sud- denly stooped and the light fell full on his face.  It was Ronnie!  Only nerves completely synchronized with a quick-thinking brain could have done what Kent did then. The hammer had been released. In perhaps a tenth of a sec- ond it would send lethal lead into the body of the boy. But in that tenth of a second a message was flashed to the muscles of hand and wrist and was obeyed. The gun jerked sidewise, roared throatily, and Kent heard the bullet tear through the partition.  It was then that Ronnie's nerve broke. Or, perhaps, it was then that he really found it. He straightened and the gun at his side dropped downward until it pointed at the floor. "Kill me!" he cried. "Kill me and get it over with!"  But even before Ellen could utter her anguished "Ronnie!" they heard a thud behind the partition. Ronnie jerked about as though motivated by a spring and Kent straightened to stare past him. On the floor, just within the circle of light, a hand ex- tended beyond the doorway, its fingers grip- ping a sixgun. As they watched, the fingers twitched spasmodically, then slowly re- laxed and the Colt dropped loosely from them.  Ronnie stared a moment, then turned his face to look at Kent, and in the boy's eyes Kent coould read astonishment, awe, and--     yes--unutterable relief. "Thank God!" he breathed; then bowed his head and sank to the floor, sobbing.  Ellen flashed through the doorway and dropped to her knees beside him, hugging him to her, talking and crying: but Kent strode straight to the partition, seized the lax hand and dragged the inert body into the lighted room. With a quick flip he rolled the man on his back. The eyes rolled upward and the jaw sagged gruesomely but there could be no mistake.  "Good Lord!" he swore softly. "Syd Harper!"  VII In the Clear  KENT turned and strode to where Ron- nie still knelt and shook the boy by the shoulder. "Ronnie! You've got to snap out of it. A whole bunch of men'll be here soon and we've got to know where we stand. I want the whole story and I want it straight!"  Ronnie looked up at him, his face drawn, the horror still in his eyes.  "I can't. Not now."  "You've got to. Give it to us straight and from the beginnin'. Never mind Ellen. What she must be thinkin' can't be any worse than the truth."  Ronnie bowed his head, fought for a moment with his emotion, then spoke.  "It started at Elkhorn. With Syd. I'd never gambled before and the fever got me, I won at first, then lost. The first thing I knew I owed Syd more than I could pay. He told me about this job and urged me to come to Modoc with him. Ellen didn't want to change schools, but when you shot Syd she agreed to go with me.  "We came here and Syd got me the job at the bank. I made good money and began playing again. I lost and lost, it seemed that I just couldn't win. Syd told me that I could borrow a little from the bank, that I was bound to win sooner or later. "I--" He stopped, his cheeks hurning with shame.