FIRE FRENZY 143    on the headwaters of the Bitter Root and Clear Water rivers, Ted had man- aged to drag himself five hundred yards or more through the scrub pines that dotted the southeastern slope of the divide.  At the point of exhaustion, but still pushed on by that mysterious will to live that functioned without any con- scious control, he pushed on to a small clearing that appeared unexpectedly through the trees.  At the far end of it was a tumbled- down and apparently deserted shack. Making for it, in a blind instinct to reach shelter, Ted struggled over to this goal, muttering in incoherent delirium. As he approached, there was a slight movement behind the shuttered win- dow; and the next minute, a figure ap- peared in the broken-down doorway.  For a terrified second, the girl in the doorway and the exhausted and delir- ious man stared at each other. The girl clutched the sagging wooden frame of the door, her brown eyes wide, and her dark hair in sharp contrast to her face, which showed up without an ounce of color in her startled surprise of the moment.  The amazement in her look gradually changed to concern as she took in Ted's desperate plight, and with a cry of pity she ran over to him and stooped down to try to help him. With a convulsive effort, Ted struggled to straighten up; but he immediately sank back, uncon- scious.  Her first terrified surprise over, the girl proved herself equal to the emer- gency facing her. She could not have been more than eighteen, but she had a wiry strength in her tall, slender frame. Half carrying, half dragging Ted, she managed to get him to the door of the shack. The early morning sun had gradually become obscured by dark clouds that piled up in the east and threatened a sudden downpour.  After one glance at the lowering sky, the girl darted inside the tiny enclosure and quickly made up the cot on which she had evidently spent the night. Then,     with one last mighty effort, she pulled Ted inside and managed to lift him onto the cot, just as the first heavy drops of the storm splashed on the roof.  Panting from her exertion, she leaned back a moment against the wall and studied the face of the man she had brought in. Evidently reassured by what she saw, she dropped to her knees with a murmur of pity and expertly ex- amined his wound. The girl rose to her feet and took a basin which she filled with water. Pulling a clean cloth out from the drawer of a rude wash- stand in one corner, she deftly proceeded to wash Ted's wound.  The rain, gathering with the swift in- tensity of mountain storms, beat a wild tattoo on the roof, and gusts of wind shook the tiny shelter to its founda- tions. However, the girl was oblivious to the outside elements, as she bent with absorbed attention to her battle with death.  CHAPTER XXI Waiting  KAY waked up with a start, as a ray of the early morning sun slanted through her cabin window, and shone insistently in her eyes.  "Thank goodness the sun's out at last!" She glanced out the window, then snuggled down in bed again to indulge in a few moments of tempting day dreams.  It was the third day since Ted had left, and Kay planned with happy ex- citement the way she would greet him when he arrived with his mother and sister. She had recovered from her hurt feeling at the news Tom Runyon had brought of Ted's first fight with Scrap Johnson. Whatever reasons he had had for not telling her, she was going to give him the benefit of the doubt and wait until he was ready to tell her.  Kay smiled drowsily to herself. One thing she was sure of! He hadn't been thinking of any dark-haired girl when he had said good-by to her! And some- how, she knew that he wasn't going to