MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 81   "Of course I'm well enough. Can't you wait for young Harvey to get here? It's still early."  Faith attempted to smile, but her lips twisted and she turned away. "I'm not going to see Mike. Dad--" she glanced at her reflection in the mirror--"do you really like this dress?"  "Of course."  But she did not hear him, for she was trying to see herself through a man's eyes; through Pat Ransome's eyes. The dove-gray frock hugged her slim waist and the full, graceful skirt was so long that only the tips of her slippers showed. A spray of rose-pink plume dipped over the side of the matching gray bonnet and rested against her black curls. She was glad that her hair was so dark because it made her skin seem very fair. Her eyes were good, too. Deep blue and just large enough.  "Faith, stop mooning! I hate to see a girl admire herself!"  "I wasn't--that is. I'm not sure about this dress. Now I'm going to leave you for a few minutes. Mike will be in later."  She hurried out in the warm sunlight and started for the Great Western Hotel, through streets as crowded as they had been the night before. But today the mood of the crowd was dif- ferent. Groups of men and women talked in undertones and others moved quietly toward the main thoroughfare, which was lined with hastily made ban- ners.  The largest banner fluttered over a building opposite the Great Western Hotel where workmen were erecting a platform. The breeze caught the home- made pennant and shook it out in front of the girl's eyes. "Clean up Law- rence!" it read. "Nominate Pat Ran- some!"  Dozens of other signs shrieked: "Tom Knox's machine is through." "Pat Ransome will represent the peo- ple, not the office holders."  Warmth stirred through Faith. It was really happening. He was actu-     ally defying Knox, and apparently the people of Lawrence were determined to support him!  The lobby of the Great Western was almost empty and the clerk said: "Mr. Ransome's no longer here. You'll find him across the street in that building where they're putting up the stand."  As she reached the entrance of the shabby office building, Pat appeared in the doorway.  "I saw you coming." he said. "Is there anything I can do for you?"  "Ye-es. I'd like to talk to you."  He hesitated and the corners of his lips moved. "Of course, ma'am. Come in." He led the way into what had once been a store and pulled out an ancient chair. "We haven't much of a political headquarters."  "I don't want to sit down. I have to tell you something."  "If it's about last night, please don't. I've forgotten it."  She stiffened and anger flickered through her. Did he think she had come here to beg? If he hadn't known the truth when he held her in his arms. . . . "Have you really forgotten?" she asked, making her voice light.  His glance was a cold touch on her face. "Yes, ma'am."  She smiled deliberately, and her growing anger flung scarlet banners into her cheeks. "In that case, you shouldn't have told me. It's not polite to tell any woman you could ever for- get her."  His mouth clamped into a thin line. "You said you had something to tell me."  "I have," in that half-edged, half- flirtatious tone. "But first I'd like to be sure, because you see--I haven't for- gotten you."  His eyes blazed. Fire burning through their chill. "In that case," he said, his words a thin drawl, "I under- stand your being here." He moved toward her, almost calmly, and took her into his arms, laughing when she tried to escape.  "I should have told you. I play for