46 RANCH ROMANCES    José Salvatore, a lithe, sunny-faced young Mexican vaquero, who possessed the undying friendship and admiration of every man on the ranch, smiled gently.  Behind this bantering front, every one of them knew that serious business of some sort portended, and their prepara- tions were thorough and painstaking. By mid-afternoon they were ready, not a detail overlooked. And now Link gathered them about him again.  He told them what was in the air, and laid his plans before them. "We could go over right now an' bust this thing up," he concluded. "But it would- n't get the results I want. Coburn could take the stand that he was merely pull- in' a round-up in the usual way. An' while we'd know different, we couldn't prove it.  "As it is, we'll let 'em make the drive. They'll start tonight. We'll let 'em go all night, an' we'll be follerin' 'em. Come mornin' we'll have 'em where we want 'em. Coburn won't have an alibi then that'll hold water. We'll have him cold. An' once an' for all we'll clear the at- mosphere in these parts."  "Supposin'," drawled Jim Staley slowly, "supposin' when we come up on 'em they don't elect to make a fight of it, Link. Mebbe they'll jest light right out an' keep on runnin'. We'll get the cattle back, but we won't do much harm to their scurvy hides."  Link nodded. "I thought of that, Jim, an' I've made arrangements. That's where Sleepy is. I sent him off early this mornin' to carry word to Bart Bid- well, who runs the Wineglass spread north of Buckeye. Bart's a friend of mine an' will know what to do. He'll be layin' out with some of his men in the willows along Salt Crick. An' should Coburn lose his nerve an' make a run for it, Bart'll be waitin' for him."  Shorty turned on Bob and Jim tri- umphantly. "Yah--yuh wise aigs! Did- n't I tell yuh I heard somebody get Sleepy out early this mornin'? Think yo're wise, don't yuh?"     "Yuh win, shrimp," grinned Bob. "Yuh win."  "Yo're doggoned right," expanded Shorty. "I allus win. When do we start, Link?"  "No hurry," drawled Link. "If we don't leave until midnight we can come up to 'em easy by dawn. They can move jest so fast with the stock. So, seein' as yuh'll have to miss a lot o' sleep to- night, yuh might as well store up some while the chance is good."  IN the crisp, invigorating chill of night, Link and his men saddled up. There was no delay in their departure. Link took the lead and they swung south and east, circling the lower end of the ridge that divided the two val- leys. As they struck the tableland and turned directly east, a low, rumbling overtone came to their ears. It was the combined complaint of cattle under forced drive.  Link reined in, rolling a cigarette. "They're jest clearin' the lower end of the Bar C 88 range," he announced. "We got a lot of time. Take it easy."  They killed a good half hour before moving on again, then dropped in di- rectly behind the stolen herd, some half mile or more in the rear. The warm, bovine smell of the cattle hung thick in the damp air. Link called to José Sal- vatore, his Mexican rider.  "José, yo're far an' away the best scout in this crowd. Yuh sneak on ahaid an' get a line on that gang. See if they're actin' in any way suspicious. They may have put out a rear guard of some sort, so to speak. An' we don't want to go blunderin' into a ambush."  Jose's white teeth gleamed and he cantered quickly off. Link held his own pace and that of the others down to a slow walk. The hours wore away. José returned to report that the raiders had no rear guard out, but were concentrat- ing every man on the task of keeping the herd moving as fast as possible.  The complaint of the cattle was con- stant and now and then, echoing faintly, came the shrill, high-pitched yell of a