CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 49    stayed here too, with me. Will you, Jean?"  "I'll stay wherever you are," she said simply. "But Roane, there's something that still bothers me. The rest seem to have forgotten it, but we still don't know who shot Fred Temple through that doorway. We don't know who en- gineered all this, working through Coulter and Threllen," she went on impetuously. "Some man planned to have Linda killed. And no one knows who he is. He might still be making plans."  "You're right on that," he agreed soberly. "Doc Gary has been trying to get it out of Coulter, but so far it's no go."  He turned to look at the door of the leanto where the wounded Coulter had been taken. The door opened suddenly and Dr. Gary stepped out. His face was flushed with anger as he turned toward the open doorway.  It's the least that you could do to make up a little for all the hell you fellows caused in here," he shouted. "We'll find out sooner or later who was behind all this; you might as well tell us now. Who was it that shot Fred Temple?"  "I shot him," said Coulter promptly from the bed where he lay. "It was a pleasure to see him kick. And there wasn't nobody running this show ex- cept me and Threllen. We was only using Temple, cashing in on the dirty scheme he had in his head--getting Addison Stevens killed and starting a range war in here. Me and Threllen we'd have got the ranch through the loan I had made the Cross Seven. It would have been easy with Linda and that drunk fool of a Hamlin dead. I'd have hated to kill Hamlin though; he's the best drinking customer I ever had, Hamlin was."  "Hamlin was what?" croaked some- one behind Jean and Roane. They both turned.  Hamlin Stevens was sitting on a sor- rel horse ten feet from them. He was clad in a leather jacket, old wool shirt,     soiled corduroy breeches and a pair of badly scuffed English riding boots. The frog-like eyes in his sharp-fea- tured face seem to bulge out further than ever.  He chuckled as the doctor stared at him, astonished. "What's been going on over here, Doc?" he called.  "A worse nightmare than you ever had after your sprees," the doctor re- sponded shortly. "You can count your- self lucky you're still alive, Hamlin. They were about to wipe out your whole family--to get the Cross Seven. You probably know that Fred Temple was killed last night? Or don't you?"  Hamlin shrugged. "The China cook told me," he said. "And not much loss if we had been wiped out. These Can- yons of the Night have been bad luck for all of us Stevenses."  Beside Roane Jean drew in a sharp breath and her fingers were suddenly digging hard into his arm as she half arose. Roane, looking up, was aston- ished to find her pretty face drawn and pale, her dark eyes staring wide at the rider on the sorrel.  "Why, what's the matter, Jean?" he asked.  "There!" she exclaimed, in a half- strangled voice. "There!" She lifted her hand and pointed at Hamlin Stevens. "He is the one that killed Fred Temple. He was the man that shot Temple through the doorway."  Both Roane and Dr. Will Gary stared bewilderedly at the girl.  "You don't believe me, but I say he killed Fred Temple. I know it. I just feel it," she went on, almost hysteri- cally. "He was the one that would have gotten the Cross Seven with his rela- tives all dead. He may be insane, but he was smart enough to plan all this. And he'll still go on killing and plan- ning."  Dr. Gary shook his head. "No," he said, "you're mistaken, Jean. Why, Hamlin, he--" His voice trailed off as he looked at the rider of the sorrel. The bugged eyes of the man were star- ing with a horrible fixity at the girl,