120 RANCH ROMANCES    side for an added word with the Cross Bar foreman.  "Twenty-six more days o' cookin'!" Brady groaned. Then he hummed ironically:  "Eleven more months an' ten more days, They're gonna turn me loose! Eleven more months an' ten more days, An' I'll be outa the calaboose!"  From that moment, something be- sides the coffee boiled in the cook house. With every hour he spent there, Brady's resentment mounted higher. "Mister Piano-Playin' Foreman better watch out when I cut loose from that stove," he vowed. "It'll be my turn to play a few jokes!"  Seemingly careless questions elicited from the boys no hint of where he might get a cowboy's job when the thirty days were up. But he doggedly assured himself that he would find one. And as much as possible he managed to keep out of Doreen's sight. Each time her glance rested on him, he could scarcely hold his head in its usual erect position, while his cheeks always burned hotly.  "Doggone it!" he thought. "She ain't goin' to be able to think of me as any- thing but a cook! It'll take me a long time to live this down. I'll have to' do some lively cowpunchin' to make her forget seein' me mix sourdough and peel spuds for the Oliver crew!"  About every second day or evening Jordan Gates appeared at the Double O. His visits rasped Brady almost un- endurably and he agreed with Red, who exclaimed at supper one night, when Gates had just ridden up to the house:  "If I was Thad Warner, I'd tell that feller I didn't want a foreman that did his bossin' by long distance. You'd think it was this ranch Jord Gates is runnin'!"  The second time Brady had speech with Doreen was late one afternoon. The Cross Bar foreman was at the house and it seemed a good opportunity to pay a visit to the storeroom, to reach which it was necessary to pass uncom- fortably close to the kitchen door, and     one could never tell when the girl might be busy there.  Just as he was bending over a sack to scoop sugar into his big tin can-- and with no previous sound to warn of her approach--Doreen's voice startled him. Rising with a jerk, he found her at his side, as she had been on the former occasion at the corral. And the disturbing, elusive smile was again on her lips.  "I need some things," she said sim- ply, "and I thought you would reach them down from the shelves for me."  "S-sure, sure--glad to," he mumbled, hating himself for the wave of con- fusion which washed over him. The late sunshine pouring through the doorway brought out the high-lights in her hair, fascinating him. He could scarcely remove his gaze from the soft curls capping her head, and when he did, he found himself in the fresh diffi- culty of looking straight into her eyes. He felt himself sinking down . . . down . . . into their intensely blue depths. This spell was not broken until she spoke; then her voice seemed to come from a long ways off.  "I want some coffee, some soda, and a bottle of that vanilla."  Brady turned to the shelf, dazedly trying to locate the articles. He reached down several cans, striving wildly to find something to say.  "No--no," Doreen halted him, merri- ment in her voice. "One can of coffee's enough. And vanilla, please--not iodine. And the soda's there, beside the rice."  Not looking into her face, he handed her the last article, then turned hastily to replace the extra cans of coffee on the shelf, hoping she would go at once. But she halted on the threshold with an exclamation.  "Oh! I almost forgot--I need flour." Brady still had sense enough to re- member that a sack of flour weighed fifty pounds. That was no burden for a girl.  "I'll carry it in for you," he offered, still without facing her.