PHANTOM GUNMAN 109    Cranford's absence; if Cranford did not appear to take office within thirty days, then Lucas, as runner-up, would get the position by forfeiture.  Old-timers shook their heads. There had been a reign of bloodshed and terror, and now the climax--a dead man placed in the sheriff's chair! Few noticed that those slain, whether mem- bers of the Big Three or their victims, were all scoundrels and criminals; not a single honest man had perished since Jim Cranford.  There was nothing on the bulletin board when Lucas returned late from seeing Grace; but several sleepless hours later he went out into the dawn and found this:  At the Diamond Saloon--tonight at ten SHERIFF JIM CRANFORD.  At this the Big Three assembled. Lucas was fatalistic; to his primitive, superstitious mind the ghost of his victim was returning for vengeance. Crease was bewildered, could only stare. But Capper was glad; at last the baffling search for an unknown was over and the showdown near.  "Boys, our phantom gunman's foot has slipped at last. This time he's committed suicide!" Capper cried.  "What d'yuh mean?" asked Crease.  "He's always done what he said he would, ain't he?" Capper replied. "Never disappointed us, and he won't disappoint us now. Come hell or high water, he aims to be at the saloon at ten tonight. Well, we'll be ready for him!  "Warn everybody to stay at home. Surround the saloon with torches and bonfires. Light up the ground so a mouse can't cross without bein' seen. Plant all our men in ambush with orders to shoot to kill everyone who comes. Then whether the phantom travels alone or with a crowd tonight, let him come!"  "But the thing'll spread around. He's bound to hear and stay away!" protested Crease.     "He'll hear, but he'll come anyway!" laughed Capper. "The way. I figger this mysterious hombre, it's a matter of pride with him never to go back on his word to us. He's plumb locoed thataway! Sid, yuh'll see he's real enough and no ghost. We'll wait in the saloon. If he gets past the gang alive, which a million to one he won't, we might get the chance to throw lead into him, Crease!"  Crease, his hawk face agleam, smiled cruelly.  NINE o'clock. A dark, cloudy night. All was ready, the trap set. The Big Three waited in the Diamond Saloon, playing stud. Half a dozen loungers, whose curiosity was greater than their fear, were there also.  "Fill 'em up again!" shouted Lucas. "Come on! Where's that bottle?"  He lurched toward the bar and col- lided heavily with Whisperin'. With a snarl he struck the roustabout and sent him sprawling. Whisperin' picked himself up, his face expressionless, and went on mopping the floor.  The three snarled at each other over their game and watched the hands of the clock creep around.  Lucas said, "Ferrel heard Cranford's voice."  "Nothin' to it," scoffed Crease. "Dyin' men get locoed notions some- times. Wonder who it really is and what's his game, this fake Cranford?"  "I've stopped thinkin' about that," answered Capper. "We bumped off Norwalk and Thomas and the Rosarios on the chance that one of them was our man, and we were wrong. Now ferget it, and wait. Soon we'll know!"  "We've done a lot of killin'," said Lucas. "The Cranfords, young and old--"  "Stop harpin' on that, yuh block- head!" barked Crease.  "Here's yore mail, Capper," said the bartender. "It's been layin' here since mornin'." Impatiently Capper waved him away.  The bartender watched him. How