GHOST TOWN LADY 59    you had pickin' up your mail and buy- in' you supplies, so's you could keep out of sight. You paid him off out of the bank money you stole. He started spendin' it. He got drunk and talkative and we picked him up."  Lansing swore. Mrs. Gray said sharp- ly, "No bad language, young man! Not in Chaco, not before ladies! The Judge made that rule and it still holds. You let one more hell or damn out of you and you won't get a thing to eat. I've fed plenty of badmen--but no cussers!"  "Mind your manners, feller. She means it. And she's the best cook in ten counties. You act decent and I'll treat you square."  Tom's tone was easy-going, friendly. Lansing looked around at him.  "I was goin' to kill you," he said. "Don't you hold that ag'in me?"  "Not no more. Not since you didn't make it. Fact is," he grinned, "it could be I owe you somethin'."  Lansing didn't bother to ask what he meant. His face strained, he said, and his voice broke, "I can't face Mary! Go ahead--lock me up somewhere. But don't drag me in there in front of her."  He locked Lansing in the cellar. Mrs. Gray prepared a tray of good food for him and Tom carried it down. Mrs. Gray followed with iodine, hot water and bandages. She skilfully cleansed and bandaged his arm.  "We'll head for Butte tonight," Tom said. "Might be best. He don't want to see Miss Mary, mebbe she don't want to see him. So we'd better ride."  The old lady nodded. "Come up and eat first, Tommy."  Mary wasn't in the big, old kitchen. She had gone into her bedroom; she stayed there.  "She'll be all right," Mrs. Gray said. "It's a shock, of course. But she'll quiet down, here with me, in Chaco. When'll you be comin' out this way again, Tommy?"  "I get Sunday off. If you'd invite me, real nice, I'd dress up and pay you a call."  "I'll be lookin' for you."     But it was Mary who was looking for him that Sunday morning. She was on the porch and she saw him a long way off. When he came close, she called out a greeting to him. Tom took off his hat and waved. Mary ran down to speak to him.  "What will they do to him?" Mary asked.  "Most of the bank money is recov- ered. so the bank don't feel very mean. I reckon he won't get more'n a year, and the sheriff says he's goin' to straighten him out. He can do it. Oh, he gave me a letter for you."  "Thank you," Mary said.  "Go ahead and read it. I'll hunt up Mrs. Gray. I'm sure glad you're stay- in' with her. She needs you."  Mary didn't mention Lansing's letter when she joined them on the porch. She was quiet and subdued, but not un- happy. She smiled quietly: later, at the table, she burst into laughter at something Mrs. Gray said.  Tom didn't leave until it was dark. Then he called out, "I get next Sunday off, too. Am I invited?"  "You know you are, Tommy," Mrs. Gray said.  Sunday after Sunday Tom showed up in Chaco.  It was on the sixth of these Sundays that Mrs. Gray, about to call them in to dinner, looked out of the back door and saw Mary and Tom near the corral. They were gazing deeply into each other's eyes. Then they embraced, and Tom bent down to kiss her.  Mrs. Gray quietly retreated, and pushed the skillet back on the stove.  "They won't be hungry for quite a spell," she murmured. "Think of it, Judge! Little Tommy Barnes, growed up and kissin' girls! But she's a mighty sweet girl, Judge. They make a fine couple. You'd be proud of Tommy."  She wiped away a tear and got very busy, lest she weep. If a person started crying every time she felt like it, it might get to be a habit. That would never do. The Judge couldn't abide a weepy woman!