38 RANCH ROMANCES    CHAPTER VII A Midnight Sortie  LINK SANDERSON arrived at the Quarter Circle S just after sunup the following morning. Lines of fatigue were carven about his mouth and nos- trils, but his eyes, though sunken slightly, still gleamed with their old, clear light of virility. Sleepy Burch met him at the corrals.  "Hell's been poppin'," said Sleepy succinctly. "Joe Colinga tried to dry- gulch the ole man."  Link stiffened. "Tried, yuh say," he barked harshly. "How'd it happen?"  Sleepy went into enthusiastic detail. When he finished, Link smiled dreamily. "That girl is a wonder, Sleepy."  "Yo're dang whistlin' she is," declared Sleepy vehemently. "Her an' Eagle are thicker'n blazes already. I was in last night after the boss came to an' he made her sit next to him an' let him hold her hand. Wished I had a slug- through me," he mourned lugubriously.  Link laughed. "Where'd yuh put Colinga, Sleepy? I'm gonna have a talk with that jasper right now."  Sleepy's eyes grew evasive and he scuffed the ground with a boot heel. "Well, yuh see, Link--us fellers were sorta hot by the time we got to him an' we got to arguin' what we should do. An' yuh know"--here he looked up and grinned--"somewhere in that argument, danged if Colinga didn't get hung. Yes- sir, he got strung up to a good stout limb. O' course we felt sorry, after it was all over--but accidents do happen."  "Sleepy, yo're right," declared Link solemnly. "Accidents do happen. An' sometimes they sorta clear the air. Tell the boys thanks--for me. Now I reckon I better take a look at Dad."  Link found his father partaking of a little nourishment at the hands of Loma Carlyle. At sight of Link, Loma's cheeks burned slightly, but she managed a very manner-of-fact greeting.  "Your father had a little accident," she said quietly. "But he's doing fine."     Eagle smiled grimly at his son. "Don't let her steer yuh off the track, Link," he rumbled. "I'd been plenty daid if it hadn't been for her."  "So Sleepy jest told me," drawled Link, smiling unspoken thanks at Loma. "An' I hear that yuh two are high old tillikums."  Eagle chuckled. "Yo're doggone right. If I was twenty years younger I'd marry that girl, if I had to steal her to get her. But we understand each other, don't we, lass?"  Loma smiled down at the old fellow. "We understand each other very well. By the way, what did your riders do with Colinga?"  Link busied himself with a cigarette. "Put him away for safe-keepin'," he parried. "Well, Dad, I'm shore happy that Colinga didn't hold plumb center. As it is yo're gonna miss a lot of fun."  "Yuh mean yuh've located some- thin'?" demanded Eagle quickly.  Link nodded. "Plenty. Jest about as we figgered. I'm gonna engineer a set-up that'll put a finish to the whole business. So don't go to frothin' an' foamin' an' agitatin' yoreself. Jest take things easy an' get well. In the mean- time, I'll attend to Mister Deuce Co- burn an' his crowd."  "How yuh gonna do it?" persisted Eagle.  "Never mind. Yuh quit worryin' about it. Yuh had yore breakfast yet, Miss Carlyle?"  Loma shook her head.  "Then we'll eat together. I'm gaunt as a wolf."  Over their breakfast, Loma surveyed Link critically. "You are not only hungry, but you look awfully weary," she observed. "I recommend about twelve hours sleep for you."  "I could stand it," admitted Link. "But I want to take this opportunity of thankin' yuh for what yuh did for Dad." "We are neighbors, aren't we?" re- torted Loma lightly. "We should do favors for each other. Goodness knows, you are doing plenty for me. Your en- tire trip has been more for my interests