HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 31    showed in the scowls they bent upon Link, but he paid no attention to them as he rolled and lighted a casual ciga- rette. The game went on, and as it pro- gressed Link's eyes grew colder and colder, while his face took on that pe- culiar hawkish ruthlessness that Loma Carlyle had so often noted.  There was a reason for it. Link was boiling inside, for he was witnessing the most bare-faced piece of crooked sharp- ing he had ever run across. The other four players were plainly in cahoots, and the boy was the victim. They were rob- bing him blind.  Link Sanderson was old enough and wise enough in the ways of the cattle country to know that minding one's own business is generally the safest course. But he possessed certain codes that ruled him sternly. One of those codes was being violated right now and he was determined, whatever the outcome might be, to assert himself.  Smythe, the gambler, had just dealt. The boy picked up his hand, squinted at it and tried to hide his exultation. The pot was opened by the man on Smythe's left, the coarse-featured fellow, and was jumped in turn by the other two. The boy kicked it again.  "You fellers are gonna have to pay to see this hand," he grinned foolishly.  Smythe and the next two saw the raise. The man on the boy's right saw it and raised again. The boy met the raise and kicked it once more. "I'm loaded this time," he warned.  The others scowled, but met the raise.  "Cards," snapped Smythe.  The boy looked up at Link, showing his hand. "They're gonna get a spurrin' this time--what?" he grinned.  Link nodded thoughtfully. "They will if yuh draw right," he drawled, looking hard at the boy's blue eyes. "I wouldn't bob to that ace. It never pays. Draw two, is my advice."  The boy stared at Link blankly, for the hand he held was a full house, kings on sixes. There was no sign of an ace in it. But suddenly, far back in those     blue orbs, a glimmer of understanding showed. He nodded.  "Reckon yo're right, amigo. I was gonna bob that ace. But I'll try yore advice this time. My judgment seems to have been rotten. Gimme two, Smythe."  He tossed the pair of sixes into the discard. Smythe hesitated, and Link smiled grimly. The gambler met Link's glance. "If yo're so anxious to have a say about this game, feller," he rasped, "why don't yuh buy chips an' sit in?"  "If I did, that stack in front of yuh would get smaller fast," retorted Link easily. "Go ahaid--the kid asked for two. Give 'em to him."  Smythe licked his lips, fumbled at the cards and flicked out two of the paste- boards.  "Don't pick 'em up, kid," snapped Link sharply, his gray eyes boring at the gambler. "Give him two more--off the top this time."  The ensuing stillness could have been cut with a knife. Smythe looked mur- derous. "Yuh didn't figger the kid would draw, did yuh, Smythe," murmured Link softly. "Yuh knew he had a pat full house. Yuh gave it to him a-purpose. But his drawin' two upsets yore own hand. Them two would have given yuh fours, enough to have beat the pat hand yuh dealt him. So yuh tried to slip him two off the bottom. He don't want them. He wants top cyards. Give 'em to him!"  The last words cracked like a whip, and Smythe, cursing thickly, did as he was bid. His own hand he threw into the discard. "I thought this was a fair, open game of poker," he sneered. "But it looks like a hold-up."  "Right both times," barked Link. "The kid thought it was a square game, but it wasn't. It was a hold-up, with you engineerin' things an' the rest of these coyotes helpin' out yore dirty play."  The next moment was furious, brutal action! Smythe's hand licked under his coat, like the head of a striking snake. It came out, filled with blue, cold metal. As it appeared, Link's own gun lashed