THE VALLEY OF DISPUTE 97    Dawson had asked if he were a regu- lar deputy, and he replied that he had taken the. job because he was broke.  "Say," Dawson caught him up, "you won't get much out of this--jest wages. No use wastin' a lot o' time on it. Custer's had the use of this water quite a spell, but it's Circle Four property, all right. That's plain enough." He waited a moment, then hurried on. "S'pose you make a quick job of it, an' go back an' report the line runs here!" He gestured with a sweep of his arm. "Huh? I could make it worth five hundred, mebbe."  Jerry laughed. "You tryin' to bribe me, Dawson? No," he shook his head, "I was taught always to do my duty. I got to run a survey through here, all right an' proper."  "Shucks!" said Dawson, with that same, ingratiating smile. "Of course you do! I was jest jokin'. Forget it! These days, most men can be bought --I was tryin' you out. Now I can see you're square, an' goin' to do what's right. I reckon you won't let Anne Custer's smiles bribe you, huh?"  "I'm here to do this job," said Jerry sternly. "They tell me another sur- veyor was here. Did you bribe him-- or what?"  "Lordy, no!" boomed Dawson. "That feller was scared of his shadow. Somebody filled him full o' hot air, told him I was plumb ornery, an' he jest quit. I'm glad to see you on the job, 'cause we want this matter set- tled."  Shortly afterwards Dawson left him with another handshake and hearty words. Jerry watched him, smiling slightly. He had deliberately avoided all mention or the scene he had wit- nessed the day before; he had allowed Dawson to think he was taken in by his overly cordial manner. But he knew that, failing to bribe him, sus- picious of him because he was staying at the C Cross, and evidently not wishing to try to scare him off, Daw- son would resort to other methods when the time came.     Late that day he rode back to the C Cross and went in to see Jim Cus- ter. The old rancher was sitting up, staring somberly out of the window when Jerry entered. He turned with a smile and gestured to another chair.  They discussed the boundary line for some time, but Jerry made no mention of Dawson's attempt to bribe him. As he got up to leave the room, Jim Custer put out his hand.  "I took a likin' to you, young fel- ler," he said, "an' I want to tell you something. You seem like an easy- goin', square-shootin' man. The sheriff run you in on this job prob'ly with- out tellin' you what you'd be up against. I'll tell you. Dawson's bound an' set to beat me, legal or illegal. I figger we can't win, even if the court says we're right. I wouldn't care so much, only this outfit's all I've got --for Anne.  "If you report that we're right, Dawson won't let you out o' here. He'll get you. What the sheriff oughta do is to send a lot of men here on this job, not one. One man hasn't got a chance. I'm tellin' you this 'cause I don't want to see you get hurt. You'd better go back an' tell the sheriff you can't do it alone."  "An' then he'll send somebody that can do it--the way Dawson wants it done, huh?"  Jim Custer nodded. "I reckon."  Jerry shook his head. "I'll stay till it's done. I met up with Dawson to- day. Seems right friendly. I won't have any trouble, I guess. If I can borrow one of your boys tomorrow, I'll start in."  "Don't let Dawson fool you, son. If he finds out you're square, if he knows you're goin' to report in our favor--the way you'll have to, bein' square--he won't let you make that report."  "Thanks for tellin' me. But I'll have to risk it, I guess."  Meeting Anne in the hall as he left the room, Jerry was puzzled by her impersonal, unfriendly nod. She passed   7--Ranch Romances--First Sept.