108 RANCH ROMANCES    faces; one could see only the outline of men's bodies, black against the starry night. "It couldn't 'a' been Cranford!" said Crease. "Yuh couldn't 'a' seen him clear enough to know!"  "But I heard his voice! I knew Jim Cranford for years. I couldn't be wrong ... on that . . ." Blood gushed to Ferrel's lips. Crease wiped it away and Ferrel went on. "Jim said, ‘Hello, Ferrel!' and I stopped. He said, ‘Turn around, rat. I'm givin' yuh a chance, like yuh didn't give my dad. Make yore play!' Then--" Ferrel broke off and laughed crazily.  "It's Jim Cranford back from the dead," he continued again. "He came back to get me--to get yuh all!"  It was a few minutes later that two men carried the dying killer away.  Lucas had struck a match, picked up something now from beside the spot where Ferrel had lain. The Big Three, gathered close to stare at the scrap of paper. "Ferrel's name crossed off!" whispered Lucas.  "Coincidence, Crease?" drawled Cap- per.  Crease shook his head. "Stark, Lor- ing, Ferrel gone! Only us three left now."  "Blow out that match!" barked Cap- per. "Want him to pot-shoot us?"  Lucas said, "He don't work that way. He'll shoot it out with us, like he did with the others." He stared into the night, added in a strange, hoarse voice, "Maybe it is Jim Cran- ford. Who else could throw a gun like that?"  "Come on! Are we goin' to take this sittin' still? Snap out of it!" snarled Capper. "Call out every man. We're movin' against this hombre pronto, with all we've got! Pick yoreselves a spot. Me, I'm searchin' Sterling from top to bottom. Maybe he ain't out of town yet."  "I'll go out and nab them road agents!" Lucas had caught fire from Capper's example. "Maybe they're the ones. Any shot in the dark's worth tryin'."     "I'll take half the gang and comb the ranges," said Crease. "Let's go!"  Though there was furious activity that night, the searchers were handi- capped by the fact that they did not know just whom they were looking for. Capper ransacked Sterling and found nothing. Using secret informa- tion and a decoy, Lucas trapped the pair of road agents and shot them to death. Unmasked, the bodies proved to be those of the Rosario brothers, as had been expected.  Crease's party accomplished nothing for all their hard riding and question- ing of sleepy cowmen. But as the next day dawned, they found crudely let- tered placards scattered everywhere, nailed to trees and fence posts, say- ing, "Vote for Jim Cranford for sheriff!"  Crease cursed like a madman when he saw that. His men destroyed all the signs they came across, but enough remained for all of Sterling County to read.  A strange stirring ran through the region like a hidden wave. Almost every voter went to the polls. Per- haps they were moved by remem- brance, or by blind hope that persisted in spite of facts. Perhaps it was simply a cynical, secret protest against things as they were, a preference for a dead honest man over a live scoundrel. At any rate, they cast their ballots in a strange way.  The election board was composed of honest men, chiefly because the Big Three had never gone to the trouble of replacing them. Late election night, the last vote counted, the chairman of the board announced the results.  "Jim Cranford is elected sheriff by a majority over Sid Lucas," he wrote. "Though Cranford was not a regular candidate, his name was written in by the individual voters, which is per- fectly legal. Also, though Cranford is reported killed on the best authority, yet he has not been legally declared dead. Therefore, his election stands."  Lucas was made acting sheriff in