124 RANCH ROMANCES    slowing down. He broke into a buck- ing run, circled the corral a few more times, then stopped short, planting his forefeet stiffly. His sides worked like a bellows.  Brady looked up. Warner sat on the top rail of the corral a few feet dis- tant.  "Did I ride him slick?"  "You sure did," the old cowman agreed readily. "And what's more, you put up the best ride I ever saw. Get down--you've earned your money all right."  Brady stepped off, removed saddle and hackamore from the panting roan, and carried them through the gate to his own horse. He had a passing glimpse of the Cross Bar foreman far away on the fringe of the crowd. But just then he felt little interest in Jordan Gates. Doreen Landis still stood in the wagon and for a second Brady Wilson gazed straight into her eyes, then he was surrounded by the jubilant Double O cowboys.  He didn't mind cooking supper for the outfit, that night. The afternoon's performance had removed all stigma from his present position. But he found that he was still seized with con- fusion when he imagined himself ap- proaching Doreen.  "Doggone it!" he assured himself. "She was cheering me on--she wanted me to win--and I ain't going to be afraid of her any more! I don't hafta run and hide like a permanent sour- dough mixer!"  But it took more courage to cross the yard, about dusk, when Doreen ap- peared in the kitchen door, than it had taken to put his saddle on Dynamite that afternoon. To his surprise she dis- played signs of confusion when he drew near. And that added to his own courage.  "That was a fine ride you made," she said hurriedly.  "Thanks," he replied, hoping she could not hear the pounding of his heart. "That's my business--ridin' and     punchin' cows--and I'm going to stick to it when I finish my month out there." He gave a quick nod towards the cook house.  "Oh, I should think you would," Doreen exclaimed, recovering some- thing of her customary poise. "I couldn't imagine why you wanted to cook!"  "W-wanted to?" Brady stammered, reddening. "I didn't--I hated it! But I had to get a job around here, and that was the only one."  "Oh, how funny!" she said, the elusive smile curving her lips.  "I had to stay around here, because I saw you that morning in town. And there wasn't no going away after I looked at you once!"  Suddenly Doreen retreated a few steps. "What a nice compliment!" she remarked in attempted lightness. "Won't you come in?"  Brady started to cross the threshold, then halted. He extended a hand to grasp one of hers. "No--I don't want to talk to you in any kitchen. Come out under the stars."  "But I don't want--"  "Yes, you do," Brady insisted, the expression in her eyes adding to his courage. "You do want to listen to me." He drew her gently forward. "I heard you cheering me this afternoon. When a girl cheers a hombre that way, don't she like him a little bit?"  "Of course," Doreen agreed readily, making an attempt to release her hand.  But Brady led her gently across the yard to the shadow of a box alder.  "We were awfully proud to have someone on the Double O ride Dyna- mite," she went on in rather a hurried tone. "And Uncle Jude--"  "Mi-gosh!" Brady gasped. "Never mind Dynamite, and Uncle Jude! I can't wait any longer to tell you--" The last words were inaudible because they were spoken against her lips.  And he didn't care if she did know how his heart was pounding--hers was doing the very same thing.