128 RANCH ROMANCES    distance, a dark object that looked like someone on foot. After he reined in, he scanned the horizon to confirm his impression, but he could see nothing. Telling himself that he was a victim of an optical illusion, he dismissed the in- cident from his mind and pushed on to the Lazy Nine.  On arriving at the bunkhouse, he found it deserted. While he stood for a moment on the steps he turned over in his mind the question of waiting un- til someone came in off the range to deliver the document to Kay for him, or of just leaving it with a note for Seth.  It was a great temptation to wait un- til Kay came back and give it to her himself. He could just see her eyes sparkle, and her nose crinkle up with amusement, when she heard of Old Man Warren's attempt at bargaining. On the other hand, he ought to be starting for home as soon as possible. As it was, he'd have to ride all night before he ar- rived there.  Debating this point in his mind, he suddenly heard pounding hoofbeats, and the next minute Flicker came in sight, riderless, with his reins dragging and his ears back as he headed on a dead run for the corral. With a fearful cer- tainty that something had happened to Kay, Ted leaped down the bunkhouse steps and threw himself into the saddle of his waiting mount, everything for- gotten but Kay's safety.  A sudden flash of memory brought to mind that impression he had had of having seen someone on foot far to the north of him as he rode out from Red River. Was it possible that Kay had had the same hunch as his about the wisdom of seeing about the option at once, and that she had ridden in to Red River? And had some accident hap- pened on the way?  Cursing himself for not having inves- tigated then and there, Ted headed off at a hard gallop in the general direc- tion of the place where he had thought he had seen that figure for a fleeting moment.     CHAPTER XIII Rescue  LEFT to herself, Kay sank back and gave way for a moment to the weak, dizzy feeling that closed over her. Through her half-conscious state she could hear the retreating hoofbeats of Scrap Johnson's horse grow dimmer and dimmer in the distance. Finally they died away, and the unbroken stillness of the mesa deepened around her and seemed to be dragging her into its own oblivion.  Fighting down the temptation to let go and sink back into it, Kay struggled into a sitting position and forced her- self to take stock of her desperate situa- tion. Her jaws ached cruelly under the tightly tied bandanna, and her legs and arms were unbearably cramped from their forced confinement. But bad as the physical pain and discomfort were, her mental anguish was far worse.  She hadn't a doubt but that all her plans for rebuilding had come to noth- ing; and worse than that, it was prac- tically a foregone conclusion that Josh Hastings would eventually get the ranch. For the first time Kay admitted to herself that he was too powerful and unscrupulous for her to fight him suc- cessfully. But even though her mind recognized this fact, she found that hope still persisted.  As she desperately analyzed that hope, she realized that it centered around Ted Gaynor. Somehow or other, he might get around this last blow that she had so stupidly brought on herself.  Despite her effort to thrust the thought of Scrap Johnson into the back- ground of her mind and to cling to the conviction that he wouldn't dare to do her any actual harm, a shudder ran over Kay at the thought of his return. He had all the instincts of a bully, and he had shown himself capable of sickening revenge for the wounds she had inflicted on his vanity.  Her lips burned at the memory of his kiss, and panic seized her as she realized how powerless she was in his hands.