134 RANCH ROMANCES    their first meeting, had needed any bol- stering up, she certainly had had it there.  From the minute he had been freed from the desperate need of providing for his mother and sister, Ted had been a changed man. Kay thought back to what he had said in that first dramatic moment, when she had held him covered with her gun. With her intuitive sym- pathy, she understood exactly how des- peration for those he loved had driven him to feel justified in destroying some timber for the sake of saving human lives.  Even in his desperation, he had thought it all out with the same intelli- gent conciseness that he had used in planning a way out for her and follow- ing up by saving the timberland that she had so nearly lost by her own folly. He had been perfectly right in saying that in burning off the ridge he had chosen he would have done no actual damage to anyone. It would have de- stroyed a second scrub growth of tim- ber, but it could easily have been kept under control.  You couldn't expect any man to see it as she did, though, Kay realized, as she neared the bunkhouse and saw Tom Runyon standing talking with Seth while they waited for the call to sup- per. Especially not a man of Tom Run- yon's type, who was obsessed with the idea of his own importance, and would be ready to jump to any conclusion that would reflect glory on himself.  And the demand of the community for some action in running down the firebug, whoever he was, would make Runyon all the more eager to pin the blame for all the fires on Ted, if he suspected that one mad act of his, from the consequences of which, thank good- ness, she had arrived in time to save him.  The supper bell rang just as Kay joined the two men, and in the general conversation at the table, there was no chance for Runyon to ask her the ques- tions she was prepared to parry as skil- fully as she could. Talk turned on the     new scheme for building the ranch house, and everyone was full of ideas and suggestions.  "By the way," Seth broke in suddenly, "isn't it about time Ted Gaynor was getting back?"  "Oh, I meant to tell you, and I for- got!" Kay felt Tom Runyon's eyes on her as she turned apologetically to Seth. "I--I met him on the mesa, and he gave me the option he got from Old Man Warren. It was terribly good of you and the boys to lend that money, so he could clinch the bargain."  She smiled at them, a sudden catch in her throat and mist in her eyes at this proof of their loyalty to her.  "Why didn't he come in?" Seth de- manded. "I wanted to get all the dope."  "He thought he'd better be getting on." Again Kay felt the slow color come into her cheeks, at the insistence of Tom Runyon's look. "He told me to tell you all about it." She launched into the account Ted had given her of his interview with Old Man Warren, in the hopes of diverting attention from her- self.  "I like that Gaynor fellow," Seth ob- served when she had finished. "Just where did you say you picked him up?" Kay gave a gasp at this break. It was evident that Seth had forgotten all the things she had told him to say to Tom Runyon about Ted, and he couldn't have put his foot in it any worse if he had deliberately tried, than by this question. She could see Tom Runyon's ears pricked up to catch her answer, al- though he pretended to be engrossed in conversation with one of the boys.  Managing to change her gasp into a cough, Kay fixed her eyes firmly on Seth as she answered. "Why, I've told you about him before, Seth! You don't pay attention to what I say half the time!" Under her teasing tone, her voice held a significant reminder. "He's the one who has been helping me decide on some of the timberland I've been want- ing to buy, even before the house burned down."  She turned to Tom Runyon with a