WYOMING SEÑORITA 133    stern, hard mouth which was all he could see of the older man's face.  "I am on my way to the Alcadero del Rey ranch," he answered.  There was a quick exchange of ex- cited glances between the vaqueros, but not the least flicker of any change of expression in the face of their leader.  "And why are you going there?"  Roy hesitated, while desperate al- ternatives raced through his mind. The supposition had already come to him that this man might be Dolores' father himself. On the other hand, it might just as well be Diego's father, or one of the other of the ranch owners down here who were in with the sabotage ring. Not only his own safety but that of Dolores and Heaven only knew how many more might depend on the answer he gave.  "I have news from Senor del Rey of his daughter, Dolores," he said finally, his eyes fixed on that straight, uncom- promising mouth.  There was still no shift of expres- sion, no change in the voice that asked, "What news?"  "That is for Señor del Rey," Roy's heart gave an excited leap as he took a daring plunge. "Are you, by any chance, the father of Señorita Do- lores?"  Again Roy was aware of the excite- ment running through the vaqueros, but if the Señor shared it, he gave no sign, as he replied,  "I am asking questions, not answer- ing them--Señor."  The sarcasm of that "Señor" brought home to Roy how he must look. For days now, he had not had his clothes     off, nor had he even had a chance to shave since that far away morning which he had so joyfully anticipated as his wedding day. His momentary confusion gave way to a quick burst of rage at the ignominy of his position, blurring caution and common sense in a gust of anger.  "The Spanish Californian hospitality seems to be mighty different from what it's cracked up to be!" He glanced from his bound wrists and ankles back to the black line of shadow through which he could feel if not see, keen, suspicious eyes studying him. "Where do we go from here?"  The señor made a brusque gesture of decision. "We will go, I think, where you will receive still more of our Span- ish Californian hospitality!"  He spoke in Spanish, but Roy was quick enough to catch the trap that was being laid for him. He would be in a far better position to find out what was what, if they thought he did not understand any Spanish.  He presented a blank face and growled a disgusted. "I don't get that lingo! Say it in U.S.A."  The señor repeated what he had said in English, then gave a brusque order in Spanish to the vaqueros.  Once more Roy felt himself mauled by many hands. At least he had the satisfaction of hearing curses of pain as the vaqueros tried to dodge his thrashing about, and left him. A glanc- ing blow and a stab of pain at the back of Roy's head put an end to his strug- gles, and, as far as he was concerned, to him, for the time being. (To he concluded in the next issue)    IN THE NEXT ISSUE Up Across Texas Beginning n new serial of the lough old trail-driving days By CLEE WOODS