POKER WINNINGS 65   "He'll take it all right when we're actually married, honey," came in the same smooth voice Bill had heard speaking to Edna Watson the previous day. "And you'll be helping him. It's a bad business, his getting mixed up with Harve Finley, but if we're mar- ried, my father will fix things up. As soon as I heard a hint that Ben Leeds might get in a jam, I figured this out. We'll take the afternoon train over to the county seat, get the license, have the knot tied and take a nice little honeymoon over the week-end."  "But Van--I'm not sure," Martha protested.  "Leave all that to me," was the sooth- ing reply. "Just sit here while I run over to the bank, and think how much I love you. It's just because you're such a shy darling that you've been hesitating." Van's voice fell to a ca- ressing note that caused Bill to clench his hands tightly. He had sat in si- lence, making no attempt to give warn- ing of his nearness. From the first words he had frankly listened.  WHEN young Car- ter's footsteps re- ceded into the dis- tance, for a moment there was no sound from the girl. Then Bill's straining ears caught a long, sigh- ing breath. At the same instant the curtain swung inward, revealing Mar- tha seated tensely on one of the wood- en chairs, close to the window.  Impulsively he exclaimed, "Don't do it!"  She turned with a startled ejacula- tion, her eyes widening with amaze- ment as they met his gaze. Instantly Bill knew the enormity of what he had done. But he was in for it now, noth- ing to do but go ahead.  "Wait!" he exclaimed, thrusting a hand into his pocket for some coins that he tossed on the table. Then he sprang lightly over the sill and, reach- ing behind him, drew down the win- dow. She watched him with a baffling     expression that made it harder to ex- plain.  "I heard what you and Van Carter were saying," he stated bluntly.  "Yes?" her voice was cold.  "And it--it seemed to me--" He hesitated, wishing she wouldn't look at him so fixedly. What could he say, he was thinking frantically. Couldn't tell her Van wasn't any good. "I--hang it, I think it's dreadful for you to be--to be hurried like that. Getting married is too--too serious to rush into it. And --and a girl ought to consider what her father thinks." Bill could feel moist- ure trickling through his hair, beading his forehead. He had never been in so uncomfortable a spot.  "You don't run a column in the newspaper, do you?" she asked coolly. "Offering advice to brides-to-be?"  Bill felt himself scorching beneath her steady gaze.  "I did sound like a fool," he said honestly. "But please believe me, I'm sure you don't really want to be mar- ried like that. You seemed so worried and unhappy, I spoke before I could stop myself."  "Indeed," she murmured, flushing. "But it doesn't concern you."  "Maybe not," Bill said, floundering on with characteristic tenacity, "But please, Mar--Miss Leeds, go home to- day and think it over."  "What's that?" It was amazing how harshly a smooth voice could speak at times.  Neither Bill nor the girl had been aware of Van Carter's approach. He looked sharply from one to the other. Martha had again assumed the baffling expression.  "We were just discussing a message to my father," she said calmly.  "What was it about your going home?" Van insisted suspiciously, add- ing as he shot Bill an inimical look, "Who are you? I've seen you some place."  "My name is Bill Avery," was the reply.  "Old Jase Avery's boy!" Van ex-