CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 35    Besides, he's off hunting somewhere now."  "Trouble with that hound, he trails the wrong direction sometimes," put in Andy. "Like he started off wrong way on a turkey trail oncet and finally landed back at the egg shells out o' which they'd been hatched out that spring."  This was a favorite humorous yarn among hunters, but it brought no smile from Threllen.  "One of them Garys was up on that mesa night before last," he said harsh- ly. "And Hake shot him outa the saddle. Hake's disappeared and we haven't been able to find that Gary. It's my idea some people know more about that than they're tellin' and are keepin' their mouths shut. I got a hunch someone hid that man from us, and that might be some of you strangers. One thing," he growled, "you'll get no horses from this ranch. We got none to sell." He rejoined his men and they rode on up the canyon, presumably to take up the hunt again.  Andy and Roane looked after the cavalcade. "That feller gives me a chill," commented old Andy. "Sooner we git outa here the better I'll like it. He suspects us. He may even git around to suspectin' we got Tom Gary hid down here and then there'll be hell to pay in big chunks."  The day passed by slowly. Several times Linda came down with Nab to visit the Carvel camp. They brought news of a heated quarrel between the Temples, ending in Mrs. Temple de- parting for Hurley in a buckboard driven by one of the ranch hands. The woman often left the ranch after quarreling with her husband, said Nab. Jean suggested that Linda and Nab go to the Garys that night, but the girl replied that she was not wanted by the Garys, and had too much pride to force herself on them. There was no changing her mind.  Roane had ridden out to pretend to look for Carvel again. During the ride he was trailed by several of the Cross     Seven riders, and he dared not go to the Gary ranch.  Twice during the day Hamlin Stevens came by with his rifle to send a sense- less burst of shots at a bare cliff wall.  In the late afternoon Threllen and the Cross Seven crew returned to the ranch. Roane came in before sunset; Andy Partle told him what news there was. A half-mile up the canyon in a brush clump, Andy had discovered a buckboard that had been abandoned with a broken tongue, evidently shoved off the road and forgotten. Andy had spliced the broken tongue and bound it with rawhide strips to make the rig serviceable. It represented a possible way of taking out Tom Gary if it be- came necessary. It should not be needed, if the Garys arrived as planned to carry Tom to the top of the mesa where a rig was to be waiting to trans- port him the rest of the way home.  The sun set, leaving a clear sky. Roane would have preferred a clouded one. There were a lot of men working for the Cross Seven; Andy said he had counted nearly twenty. Just after sun- set several more came in from the di- rection of Hurley. Some more recruits for the Cross Seven army, Andy re- marked.  According to the plan, the Garys were due to arrive an hour or so before midnight. Twilight came. Roane re- gretted that they had not set an earlier hour. He scented danger; there was a lot of restless activity at the Cross Seven corrals.  Down canyon men came from the bunkhouse to go to the corrals to sad- dle. A dozen men, led by Threllen, raced up canyon to pull in suddenly by the campfire where Andy Partle and Roane were cooking supper. The riders gathered in a semi-circle about the two.  "I told you birds," said Threllen, "that you aren't gettin' any horses from this ranch. So git out--now."  "Now?" said Andy, startled. That meant the end of their plan to take Jean Carvel, Linda Stevens and Nab