14 ELSA BARKER    his shirt pocket and began shuffling them.  "I offered Gene last night to cut for high to see who got to sit by her on the piano bench an' turn her music." He stopped, grinned and spread the cards out fanwise in his hand. They were all the seven of spades. He closed the deck, turned it end for end, and spread it open again. Now they were all the king of hearts.  "Sometimes I wonder if that girl's old man wasn't a gambler. She caught on right away, and boy, did she eat me out!" He chuckled. "Anyhow, she don't give me that cool, dead pan look no more. I bet I make her madder than anybody else alive!"  Billy looked enviously at the cards.  "I want to borrow that deck when we get back," he said, grinning. "Millie ain't near so quick to catch on--an' I can think of lots of ways it'll come in handy."  Walt suddenly pulled his horse up, leaned over and laid a hand on the rein of the other cowboy's pony.  "Billy," he said quietly, "look up there by that big rock butte. See that horse an' a little farther to the right the man with what looks like a surveyors' tripod? What the devil do you suppose he thinks he's doin'? There ain't supposed to be nobody up here but us! That gray looks a heap like the one Ford always rides."  "'Tain't Ford," Billy said positively. "He was goin' back to Santa Fe this after- noon."  As if in answer to Walt's question, a rifle cracked suddenly. The pack mule which had edged up close to scratch his nose against the tail of Walt's bay, suddenly squealed, reared high in the air and fell heavily to the ground.  Walt and Billy didn't have to talk it over to decide what to do. The man was far out of sixgun range. A second shot cut into the ground inches in front of Walt's horse. Whoever it was shooting that rifle meant business, and in another second, if he was any shot at all, he would have the proper range. Straight ahead of them an- other upthrust ledge offered the quickest cover.  At the sharp dig of spurs, the cow- ponies jumped into a run. They were al- most at right angles to the man with the     rifle, and as they shuttled behind the occa- sional round-topped junipers that dotted the mesa they made a hard target to hit.  The bullets still came at intervals, as if the man were taking careful and deliberate aim.  One whizzed through the crown of Walt's hat, so low that it scraped his scalp and nearly knocked him out of the saddle. The next one was lower. It ripped across the top of the saddle cantle. But the next instant they were safe behind a thick curve of rock.  Walt took off his hat and looked at the bullet hole through it. His head still felt dazed and crazy. Gingerly he put a hand up and touched the place that stung on his head. His finger came away stained with blood.  "Gittin' shot at always did rile me!" His lips were thin over his strong teeth. He swore thoroughly and completely.  Billy Gamel's face was a little white, but still he found a grin. "First time I ever seen a man's hair parted crossways, Walt!"  "I'm lucky to be still worry in' about how it's parted!"  "What you s'pose was ailin that booger? He was too far away to see who we were. Maybe he thought he was shootin' at somebody else."  "This is Lucky Diamond range. No- body's got no business shootin' at nobody up here!"  A reckless light began to dance in Billy Gamel's brown eyes. He straightened in the saddle and gathered up his reins. "Shall we go git him?"  Walt hesitated. His eyes narrowed as he tried to remember just how the land lay up here. He shook his head.  "We'd have to cross a wide open strip to get at him. He's got a rifle an' our six- guns would be out of range."  He stepped out of the saddle and tied his horse to a nearby juniper. Billy Gamel followed suit.  "So far as I know," Walt said, "there's only two ways down off this mesa. The way we came up, an' another trail about a half-mile yonder, to the right. It goes down off the northeast comer of the mesa. You can't miss it if you--"