90 LUCRETIA WHITEHEAD PAYNE    tol. Instantly Beales broke into violent accusations of Terry Welch.  Ignoring the tirade, Anita spoke to Terry. "Here's rope to tie him with until we can straighten out this affair. Here's a telegram to you I found out in the ware- room. After what it says I suppose you've been trying to find out what happened to the cake you ordered. I found where it was stored, too. and believe me, Terry, I'd had no idea till then that Roy Beales had been up to such crooked business."  "Thanks for coming when you did, Anita. This is all that's necessary to show this snake he'll be better off if he takes the first train out of town.  Terry yanked Beales along by the coat collar and gave him a swift shove out the front door. "Reckon we won't see him again," he said shortly.  He turned then to show Anita the other proof he'd found of Beales' crookedness. "If I'd believed you knew anything about it, I'd have gone straight to you, sweet- heart. But you seemed to have gone over so completely to Beales, I had to do my scouting on my own. Why wouldn't you     have anything to do with me since I came to town?"  Anita put both arms around Terry's neck, her beautiful eyes warm with affec- tion. "Roy threatened to ruin you if I wouldn't agree to marry him, and said he had a sure way of doing it. He learned that you'd wanted the Armisted place and said he was going to buy it himself. I had to hurry to get ahead of him. It was the only thing I could do.  "The final papers of the sale won't be ready for a day or two, so I had to play along with him for fear he might find a way to block it. He's utterly ruthless and almost diabolical, the way he can get anything he wants. He really had me scared once or twice, and wanting to keep him from hurt- ing you, I had to pretend I liked him. But it's you I've loved all along, Terry dar- ling!"  "If you'll let me buy the Armisted place from you, Anita mia, everything will be just as I dreamed. . . . And now, let's hurry back to our dance, sweetheart. I want to get there in time to dance Home, Sweet Home with my Valentine."    Why Man's Prayers Did Not Stop Hitler Millions of people daily practice meditation, prayer, new thought and other spiritual exer- cises. For many years people of good will have been praying for the overthrow of Hitler, Hiro- hito and what they stand for. Why has the an- swer been so long delayed? Why do so many other prayers remain unanswered? Why does calamity often befall us in spite of our prayers? Thirty years ago, in Forbidden Tibet, behind the highest mountains in the world, a young Eng- lishman named Edwin J. Dingle found the an- swers to these questions. A great mystic opened his eyes. A great change came over him. He re- alized the strange Power that Knowledge gives. That Power, he says, can transform the life of anyone. Questions, whatever they are, can be answered. The problems of health, death, pov- erty and wrong can be solved. In his own case he was brought back to splen- did health. He acquired wealth, too, as well as world-wide professional recognition. Thirty years ago he was sick as a man could be and live. Once his coffin was bought. Years of almost continu- ous tropical fevers, broken bones, near blindness, privation and danger had made a human wreck of him, physically and mentally. He was about to be sent back to England to die when a strange message came--"They are wait-ing for you in Tibet." He wants to tell the whole world what he learned there under the guidance of the greatest mystic he ever encoun- tered during his 21 years in the Far East. He wants everyone to experience the greater health and the Power which there came to him. Within 10 years he was able to retire to this country with a for- tune. He had been honored by fellowships in the World's leading geographical societies for his work as a geographer. And today, 30 years later, he is still so athletic, capable of so much work, so young in appearance, it is hard to believe he has lived so long. As a first step in their progress toward the Power that Knowledge gives, Mr. Dingle wants to send to readers of this notice a 9,000-word treatise. It is free. For your free copy, send your name and address to the Institute of Mentalphysics, 213 South Hobart Blvd., Dept. H-196, Los Angeles 4, Calif. Write promptly.