DUCK SOUP 79    Tug had put that bark there in the first place! He'd been meeting Docie secretly, no telling how long. And if he was such an idiot about her track what must he be about her? Puck's freckles fairly leaped. She'd been pretty dumb not to notice that before. Now, looking back upon the Kettle Creek barbecue last spring, she could see plain as day. . . .  DOCIE MITCHELL had come to the barbecue alone, a shy kitten of a girl wearing a cheap silk "boughten" dress and small scuffed slippers that had been white once. Her eyes looked timidly at the buxom ranch wives and red- cheeked ranch girls and dropped in confu- sion before the frank admiring gaze of lithe brown range riders.  "Lonesome, she is, pore mite," Maw Haggerty declared, "a-wantin' to make friends even if her menfolks is mighty pe-culiar and stiff-necked." And Maw took the stranger under her motherly wing and introduced her around.  Tug had never made up to girls much, but now Puck remembered that he'd been mighty attentive to the soft-eyed visitor. Puck had kept track of Docie because Docie had a basket with a chocolate cake and that was the swellest looking cake at the picnic. If Puck had thought about Tug at all she'd figured his interested centered on that cake too. Now she knew different. All day Docie had laughed and chatted her way right into the hearts of Kettle Creek folks. Coke Blevins and Old Man Mitchell on their way from Red Dirt with a canvas- covered load of provisions looked surprised to see her there and she looked suddenly frightened.  "Ready to come home now, Docie?" Coke's slanty black eyes held a piggish gleam. Puck wondered howcome he wasn't in the army. He looked strong and healthy enough.  "Better git in, girl," Old Man Mitchell fidgeted.  Docie did. Tug leaned his elbow on the truck door. "I'll be stoppin' by," he said. "Been aimin' to."  "Yes, do," said Docie faintly.     But Coke grated, "We're turrible busy. Docie ain't got time fer company."  Now, on the mountain, Puck got her second wind. She had to admit she'd thought Docie was just swell at the bar- becue. But birds of a feather flocked to- gether and that Blue Jay outfit was a strange, mean bunch. Though no one could actually prove anything against them, Puck, remembering the whistle of that bullet past her head, bet they were crooks and Docie was a good-for-nothing little fraud. Tug as gullible as a two-year-old, was still calf- eyed. Time he got over that.  "I reckon she shot at you when you went to see her," guessed Puck.  "Nope." Tug's jaw muscles showed white. "I'd 'a' knowed how to take shootin' She--she laughed at me."  "What for?"  "For askin' her to marry me."  "Oh Lord," groaned Puck. "You sure jumped in with both feet."  Tug twisted the tip off a spruce branch. "I had it comin'. I'd oughta waited longer, but I had a kind o' feelin' the girl was in trouble and I could help her. She made it plain she loved Coke Blevins."  "Was Coke there?"  "Turned out he was in the next room listenin'. He give me the horse laugh too."  "If she loves him. what was she doin' up here?"  "Come one evenin' to apologize for hurt- in' my feelin's. And out of kindness brought a pie. I throwed away the pie."  Poor Tug! It was all or nothing with him. Why couldn't he have been attracted by some sensible ranch girl instead of that two-faced Docie Mitchell? He still loved her--even her silly little footprint in the mud--and Puck knew him well enough to be sure he'd never look at another woman.  Here was trouble worse and worse. Tug might be able to worry along on an empty stomach for a while, but with a busted heart to boot he wouldn't be any account what- ever. If he fell down on his job and fire got in the forest and the United States couldn't build enough ships--whew! Puck didn't know what to do.  If the girl had been anyone but Docie Mitchell, she'd have gone straight and told her what a fool she was for turning Tug