HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 49    ing, with Sleepy Burch and Bart Bid- well leading the way. And presently came Bob Rennifer, supporting a con- scious, but very sick Shorty, in his saddle.  "None of 'em got by us, Link," shouted Sleepy. "How about it?"  "I reckon it was a complete clean-up," said Link quietly. "This rat is the last an' he's tryin' to beg off. Bob, how bad is Shorty hurt?"  Bob was grinning in relief. "Not too bad. He's got a hard haid, the shrimp has. It turned that slug same as a hunk of iron might. But yuh got a bad wing yoreself."  "It's nothin'," said Link. "I'll make out. Now then, men, what d'yuh think we oughta do with that?" He nodded towards Coburn.  "That's easy, Link," said Jim Staley coldly. "He planned this steal, and the rest paid. He oughta pay, too. I sug- gest a rope."  "No!" gasped Coburn. "Not that-- not that! I'll square everythin'--I'll square it, I say."  "Yuh cain't," rasped Link. "Yuh cain't bring back Long Andy, an' I know yuh set Spider Glick an' Joe Colinga after him, same as yuh set 'em after Dad an' me. No, yuh cain't square a thing, Coburn. The rest of yuh boys have heard what Jim suggested. What's yore sentiments on the matter?"  The answering chorus spelled doom to Coburn. For a moment Link thought the fellow was going to crumple right where he stood. But hot, sour hate gal- vanized him to some semblance of courage. He cursed and spat, his red eyes fixed on Link.  "Damn yuh, Sanderson!" he shrieked. "Yuh think yuh've won, don't yuh? Yuh'll find out different. Ever hear of Texas Jack? Well, where is he? He started out with us. But he was crazy over that Carlyle dame, an' he's gone back after her. Yuh lose, after all." Link's head jerked up and he whirled to the others. "Who's got the fastest and freshest hoss?" he demanded, his voice husky. "Quick! I want it."    Sleepy slipped to the ground. "This bronc'll qualify, Link. But man, yo're wounded. Let me go--let any of us go. We--"  "Gimme that hoss," snapped Link. "I'm all right."  Before the rest could speak again he was in the saddle and racing away, back to the Bar C 88 range.  CHAPTER IX Hungry Hearts  TEXAS JACK crouched in the tim- ber on the main slope of the Co- balts, a quarter of a mile above the Bar C 88 ranch buildings. His eyes, small, glittering and bloodshot, stared down- ward with the set, feral patience of some beast of the wild. He had broken away from Coburn and the rest of the raiders, shortly before midnight. Co- burn had cursed him roundly on hear- ing of his plans, but the renegade had insisted stubbornly.  "If yuh don't finish this drive with us, yuh won't come in for any cut on the profits," Coburn had threatened.  Texas Jack had shrugged. "Keep yore profits," had been his answer. "I'm goin' back."  Coburn, cursed with greed, had finally acquiesced. He concluded to say nothing to the others, planning to pocket Texas Jack's share himself. And Texas Jack had turned his horse on the back trail.  The renegade's brain was warped. Far back in his cowardly soul he hated Loma Carlyle bitterly; hated her al- most as much as he did Link Sander- son. The memory of the ignominious manner in which Link had smashed him to the ground that first day in Thunder City, when he had accosted Loma, burned in him like a hot iron. He had sworn vengeance that day and each passing hour had intensified his thirst for revenge.  Being the innate coward and bully that he was, Texas Jack had no desire to run into Link Sanderson. He was hoping against hope that Joe Colinga   4--Ranch Romances--First Sept.