THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 63    Then he turned and walked out of the mess shack.  Packing his possessions was a matter of a few minutes, and at the end of the time specified he started away from the ranch driving the packhorse before him and with- out even telling the boss good-bye. As he was passing the mess shack a man came out and intercepted him. Kent eyed him nar- rowly, but the fellow had no appearance of belligerency about him and when he halted by Kent's horse there was only friendliness and respect in his eyes.  "Jest wanted to tell you," he said, "that I'm plumb ashamed of myself. I shore had you sized up wrong, Bradford. You feel like shakin' hands?"  Kent shook his hand and rode on. The incident increased his bitterness at having to leave a place which he had come to like, but he realized that the showdown had been inevitable. He wondered if it would be the same the next time he stopped, and re- newed his resolve to keep away from gun- play except as a last resort. But no more insult would he take. Turning the other cheek, he had learned, merely made the other fellow bolder.  He rode leisurely northwestward, pick- ing up supplies at the occasional towns through which he passed. There were ranches where he might have secured em- ployment, for roundup time was coming on, but he pushed on with the idea of con- tinuing to California. He was destined to get no farther than the foothills of Nevada.  Riding through these in the cool of an evening, he came to a path branching off from the well worn pack trail he was fol- lowing. Modoc was the next town, and he had planned to continue riding until he reached it; but now he drew rein and con- sidered. He would reach Modoc after night- fall and accommodations might not be easy to secure. Perhaps it would be better to camp out this night. The woods into which the little path disappeared looked inviting and he finally turned into the path. He had not gone a mile when he suddenly emerged on a barren slope pitted with disused min- ing shafts and containing a few deserted buildings. The place was drab and unin- viting, and Kent made a wry grimace as he surrendered hope of finding a cool and     comfortable camping site. However, when he dismounted and looked about he discov- ered that what had once been the mess shack was sound and clean, with a good cook stove in working order and a bunk behind a partition and he decided to spend the night here.  He packed his gear to the little room be- hind the partition, led the horses to a draw where he found water and grass, then re- turned to the shack, cooked and ate a good supper and turned in. He fell asleep al- most at once.  He awoke to the soft plop of hoofs out- side the shack and lay there listening. The horse stopped at the door and he heard the creak of saddle leather as the rider dis- mounted. Then the door opened and some- body entered. A moment later dim light showed through the doorway at the foot of the bunk and Kent knew the newcomer had lighted a lantern.  Kent's first thought was that somebody had been using the place as living quarters, but then he remembered that there were no supplies of food and bedding in the shack as would have been the case in that event. So instead of announcing his presence he remained quiet. The man on the other side of the partition walked slowly up and down the floor, stopping occasionally at the out- side doorway, and presently Kent heard another horse approach and halt at the shack. The lowered voice of its rider came as he was dismounting.  "Think it's safe to burn that lantern?"  "Safe enough. Nobody ever comes here. Anyhow, we've got to use it. Come along and I'll show you that place I told you about. It's made to order, but you couldn't find it unless you knew where it is. Leave your horse here."  They moved away from the shack and Kent got up and stole to the outer doorway. He could see the lantern bobbing along some fifty feet to his right. After a while it disappeared beyond a building and he went back to his bunk. He did not know how long they would be gone, and moving all his gear would take time. The fact that they had left their horses saddled would indicate that their visit would not be a long one, and if he kept quiet they were not likely to detect his presence. One of them,