SHOW 'EM, COWBOY! 123    ride him slick, but I'll bet you a month's wages he will ride him."  "Thanks, Red," Brady said to him- self, as he carried his saddle out into the big, round corral where the raw- boned roan had been cut out by himself.  Men were lined up around the fence, watching. For the most part, their ex- pressions indicated that they already knew what the outcome would be. Brady laid the saddle down carefully on its side, then unbuckled his lariat. Disturbed by the crowd on the fence, and by the sight of man and saddle in the corral, Dynamite trotted nervously about, head up, emitting an occasional snort from his wide, full nostrils.  Brady ran out a small loop and with a neat, back-handed throw the rope snapped around the neck of the roan. He reared, striking at the rope with front feet, then charged a few times before allowing the cowboy to walk up to him. Brady took his time, but had no especial difficulty putting on hacka- more and saddle. The outlaw had been saddled so often that he was no longer much disturbed over that part of the procedure.  From the corner of his eye the cow- boy saw Doreen standing on the seat of a wagon that had been drawn up beside the corral to afford a good view for the women spectators. Her eyes were shin- ing with excitement and her face mirrored a tense expression.  "I've got the opportunity I've been praying for," Brady Wilson told him- self, his heart beating high as he pre- pared to mount. "And she's there watching--old Roany, you're as good as rode!"  The crowd had been exchanging good-natured jibes and offering free advice. But dead silence fell as Brady, a twisted ear in his left hand, grabbed the saddle horn with his right. Then he eased his foot into the stirrup and, smooth as a trout leaping a falls, went into the saddle.  Dynamite exploded. Brady knew in- stantly that the horse had been appro- priately named. He seemed to fly into     a million pieces that left nothing but a saddle to ride. A saddle that was caught by first one, then another, of the leaping, flying, twisting fragments of what had been a horse. A lone saddle, falling, shooting sideways, rolling, changing direction and shape with the speed of a comet. Ground and corrals became a blur, then blotted out alto- gether. The world held nothing but himself and the terrifically jolting sad- dle that pounded him almost into in- sensibility.  It was uncanny the way those pieces of horse flew apart, or came together with that peculiar twist and horrible jolt which centered in the small of the back, each impact seeming powerful enough to catapult the rider into the next county.  Brady knew the roan was a long- winded bucker--just how long, no one had ever stayed with him to find out. The cowboy had previously made up his mind to attempt no grandstand ride. There was too much at stake. He did not fan the bucker with quirt or spur beyond the natural strokes that would help keep his balance with the momentum of that whirling, slamming ball of lightning.  Dynamite was a glutton for endur- ance. After his first cyclonic round he slowed down to straight pitching a few seconds. This all but cost Brady his seat, for he relaxed a trifle. Then the roan turned on his second tornado of hell and brimstone. This was a more ferocious effort than the first and Brady knew he was up against the ride of his life. Shouts came dimly to his ears. His brain seemed pounded to numbness. Then a certain girlish voice penetrated his dulled mind, clear as the tone of a violin.  "Take it out of him, Brady! Show 'em, cowboy! Show 'em!"  There was no mistaking that voice, its vibrating eagerness. His vision cleared. His muscles caught the flying pieces, were able to hold them together. A lot of electricity was disappearing from the jolts. Dynamite was actually