MISDEAL 29    a whiskey bottle or a deck of cards again. I've learned my lesson. I'm ready to--"  What he was ready to do Lucy McAdams never learned, for the next instant there was the sharp crack of a shot from some- where in the dark mass of low buildings that made up the barns, bunkhouse and gear shed. Lucy screamed.  Clark Bowles gave a strangled little cry and whirled around on one heel. There was surprise in his face for a moment, then as he turned his head toward her, even in the moonlight Lucy could see the terror grow in his eyes.  "I--I'm shot, Lucy!" he gasped. "I--" Another bullet whistled past their heads, so close that Lucy thought she felt hot awind fan her cheek. Clark Bowles start- ed running, queerly, awkwardly, bent over like an old man, one hand pressed against his side.  Lucy was still terrified, but suddenly her own fear didn't seem important. She ran up alongside and slipped an arm through his.  "Lean on me," she said breathlessly. "Where's your horse?"  She heard a door slam in the big house and a second later sounds in the bunk- house, and she tried to hurry their pace a little.  Clark Bowles spoke through clenched teeth: "My horse is right ahead. Behind those cottonwoods."  He sagged heavily against the girl, but somehow she kept him on his feet, and running. There were no more shots from behind, and she guessed that the commotion in the bunkhouse had frightened off the would-be killer.  Clark's little Mexican pony snorted wind- ily as they approached him suddenly out of the darkness, but he stood still while Lucy helped the wounded man into the saddle.  She heard boot heels thumping the ground from the direction of the big house, and her hands were shaking with the urgent need for haste as she handed the reins to the man in the saddle, but she held onto the bridle a moment longer.  "Clark, tell me where you'll be! I've got to see you again!"  He was leaning low over the saddle horn, and for what seemed minutes he didn't     answer. The footsteps from the house were coming closer. She struck his knee fiercely with her fist.  "Clark, answer me! Hurry!"  He raised his head and looked at her dazedly. "I--I've been hiding--it's an old adobe house--down close to the river-- about five miles--southwest!"  "I'll bring you food and medicine! Now hang on!"  She hit the horse smartly on the rump with the palm of her hand. He whirled and shuttled off through the cottonwoods that rimmed the north yard.  Lucy ran back toward the house. It had suddenly occurred to her that one of these men racing toward her might easily be the would-be killer. She had no real coherent thought of what she was doing. She only knew that she must somehow protect Clark Bowles and keep them from following him tonight. Their own footsteps were making so much noise it wasn't likely they would hear the sound of his running horse, and with the long row of double cottonwoods between them and the man ahorseback she didn't think they could see him.  She ran almost straight into the arms of the tall man in the lead before she saw that it was Walt Carmack. She stopped abrupt- ly, her mind spinning dizzily.  "Walt! I didn't know you were back!" Then suddenly the reaction to the hor- ror of seeing a man shot got to her. Her knees went weak and shaky, and to her own dismay she felt tears streaking down her cheeks. A big sob came from her throat.  Walt Carmack put his arm around her and let her cry against his shoulder. Vague- ly she was aware of the murmur of other men's voices around, and after a moment she raised her head.  "What happened, Lucy?" Walt asked, his voice sharply urgent.  Her knees still felt as if they were made of jelly, but her mind was working again. Another stifled sob choked her, and she wiped her eyes on her handkerchief, fight- ing for an extra moment of time to decide what to tell him.  She couldn't tell him where Clark Bowles' hiding place was, with all these other men listening. Besides it wouldn't do any good to send Walt after him. Clark was afraid