44 ROBERT DALE DENVER    'em off," Roane returned. "I've trapped more than a few bands of wild horses in my life."  "So have I," returned Clayton, over the drum of hoofs. "Drove 'em into natural corrals or pens we built. But what's trapping mustangs got to do with this flock of buzzards?"  "Just this," explained Roane. "You've got a natural horse trap in that gorge, and with both ends of it closed, you'd have a corral strong enough to hold men. You've got the lower end of it closed by that fence at your ranch. If you had the upper end blocked, this Coulter-Threllen bunch would be trapped. The upper end is only a few yards across, and I noticed a pile of barbed wire rolls there."  "Yeah, we intended to make a fence there to keep our horses from driftin' over on the Cross Seven range."  "That same wire strung across the gorge and helped by a few riflemen could keep a big bunch of men penned in. You haven't got enough men to fight this bunch a battle on even terms, but I figure there's enough of us to keep 'em penned in that gorge. Both day and night, as long as the moon is as bright as it is now."  Clayton Gary silently chewed over the proposition as they dropped into the depths of the canyon. He was still considering it when they climbed out. They had gained on the buckboard with Linda and Nab still riding close behind it. The rig would need time to travel the steep trenches and switch- backs by which the road descended into Dawn Canyon and Gary Gorge. It was time to make another stand.  The four men, with Jean still stub- bornly staying with them, halted on the canyon rim, dismounting to take cover. Once more the pursuing caval- cade thudded up, to meet a hail of shots and to scatter before it. And again Coulter and Threllen sent men in a circle. On the rim the five fanned out to meet this maneuver, spreading out to keep the circlers from getting past them. For fully ten minutes there     was a hot exchange of shots, then the men and Jean Carvel raced on.  It was only then that Clayton Gary gave his judgment on Roane's plan. "That scheme of yours," he said, "is all right. With both ends of the gorge closed, we'd have a fair chance of hold- ing 'em there. A monkey couldn't climb those walls. There's just one break in them that men could use to get up outa there afoot, but we can watch that spot. We'll try it. I'll stay behind with my boys to put up that fence and build us a barricade. The upper stretch of the gorge is as bare as an egg--no cover at all for men to crawl along it."  "Better let me stay in your place." volunteered Roane. "You know your neighbors. You go on and get them organized to hold that fence. That's where these snake bloods will try hard- est to break through."  Gary nodded. "All right. We'll hold 'em below. There ought to be five or six men and older boys down there by now, with more coming."  Near the upper end of the gorge, they met two of the Gary neighbors, men from the McWhirter family who had come to help get Tom Gary back from the Cross Seven. These two volunteered to stay with Roane and Lee and Ed Gary to block the upper end of the gorge.  Jean and Clayton Gary rode on, leav- ing the five men who tied their horses back of some huge boulders and waited. Five minutes later the first of the Cross Seven riders came by, and then the main body, a flowing river of horsemen in the moonlight, pouring into the shadows of the gorge walls. The five waited until the last straggling riders had gone, then they set to work, hastily unrolling the spools of wire, fastening the strands to trees and jagged pin- nacles of rock, erecting a barricade with dangling loops of wire that made a barbed tangle of metal snakes across the head of the gorge.  Then they built boulders into a wall on a little shelf some twenty feet above the gorge floor. This was to serve as