HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 21    saddle, tying him there with a thong. The reins he looped over the saddle horn, then he turned the animal until it was headed towards the convergence of the two valleys and hit it a cut with his quirt. It went off at a run with its gruesome burden.  Swinging astride, Link picked up the two-year-old once more and resumed his way, hazing it before him. A half hour later he had the whiteface in one of the Quarter Circle S corrals.  An amiable-faced puncher appeared in the bunkhouse doorway. "Go get Dad, Sleepy," called Link. "I got some- thin' here to show him."  By the time old Eagle Sanderson ap- peared, Link had roped and hogtied the luckless whiteface.  "What's up, son?" rumbled Eagle, as he climbed into the corral.  "Plenty," was the succinct reply. "Take a look at that brand. See if it tells yuh the same story it tells me."  The old cattleman examined the brand with minute care. When he stood up and faced Link his face was cold and savage. "Where'd yuh find that crit- ter?" he snapped.  "Up at the haid of the valley. The brand seemed kinda funny to me, so I roped the brute and looked it over. Then I brought it home. On the way I run into Spider Glick."  Eagle stiffened sharply and cursed. "The devil! What happened?"  "We shot it out," said Link quietly.  "What? Yuh shot it out with Spider Glick? Seein' yuh there, all in one piece, that's hard to believe, son."  Link showed the leg of his chaps where Giick's lead had ripped it.  "But what did he do then?" de- manded Eagle. "Quit shootin'?"  "Jest about," said Link. "I out-foxed him an' got him center."  The old man stared at his son with wide eyes. "Yuh mean yuh killed Spi- der Glick? Shore, yuh didn't shoot him in the back, did yuh?"  Link flushed, but his gaze was steady. "I'm a Sanderson, Dad," he answered. "We don't shoot men in the back."     A grim smile twitched at the old man's lips and high pride gleamed in his eyes. "I'm apologizin', lad. But shore, knowin' Glick--an' knowin' yuh --well--"  "I savvy," nodded Link. "Giick's never been shaded before. But there's allus a first time, Dad. I happened to be the man to do it."  Eagle Sanderson stared out across the sunlit world, his face sobering again. "Son," he said, "takin' the life of a fel- low man is serious business. I don't want any son of mine to develop into a killer. But sometimes it is a case of kill or be killed, an' I know this was one of them. Life's thataway in this country.  "Yuh may have to rock off more men before yuh die. I expect yuh will, seein' the turn things are takin' right now. But I hope it'll always be a case of self- defense with yuh."  "It always will be, Dad," said Link.  Quietly, Eagle shook his boy's hand. "I sired a man, son. I'm proud of yuh. Now, I reckon we better pay Deuce Co- burn a visit. I wanta see how he'll ex- plain that blotted brand. We'll take the whiteface along with us. But there's the grub call. We better eat first."  CHAPTER IV Molly Downs--Amazon  AFTER the house-cleaning was complete, Loma Carlyle's first move was to heat up a huge tub of water and take a thoroughly satisfying scrub. On dressing again, instead of the jeans and shirt, she donned a simple gingham dress that she brought to light from one of the packs. These garments changed her appearance amazingly and heightened her femininity and charm. Molly Downs exclaimed with delight over her.  "Child, you're delicious, stunning. Why, you'll have these simple cowboys completely out of their minds. I'm warning you. Just watch them moon around."  Loma colored and laughed. "They'll