52 RANCH ROMANCES   "Link! Link!"  "Right here, sweetheart!"  The answer reached her ears, and she thought she must be dreaming. But it was no dream, the manner in which Texas Jack was torn away from her and thrown headlong. Nor was there anything dream-like in the lean, dusty, blood-stained figure that faced the sprawled renegade, faced him in a low, deadly crouch.  Loma tried to speak, her arms out- stretched. But the arms fell empty by her sides, the words did not come. For Link was not looking at her. His face, pale and pain-twisted beneath the ma- hogany tan, was as bitter and stern and cold as death. His eyes held the abysmal chill of glacial ice, and they stared with unwinking intentness at Texas Jack, who was struggling to his feet, his features a mirror of mingled fear, hate, and thwarted cunning.  Link was speaking, and his words fell in low, measured cadence.  "The finish, yuh poison polecat! Throw 'em! I'm gonna kill yuh any- how--but throw 'em!"  Texas Jack didn't want to throw his guns in an even break. He had always maneuvered for an edge--for a set-up in his favor. But death was looking him in the eye, remorseless, certain. He licked his lips, staring at Link's face, lined and gray and haggard. He noted the limp, dangling left arm and the blood-clotted sleeve.  Maybe the edge was there after all. Maybe this fellow was far gone with weakness from that wound. Maybe his movements would be slowed down just that split second which meant the dif- ference of life or death. For the first and last time in his life, the renegade gambled.  His hands blurred down and started up. They only started, for there was red flame dancing before him, measured thunder in his ears, and hot, vengeful lead lashing through his body, beating him backward, crushing out the life spark, pounding him down . . . down . . . down. . . .     Like an empty, useless, tossed-aside sack, Texas Jack slithered to the ground, without having fired a single shot.  A long minute Link Sanderson stared at the lifeless figure before him. Then he straightened slowly--a man in- finitely weary. He turned to face the girl who was coming to him, her face white, but her eyes brilliant with death- less glory.  "Loma!" he mumbled. "Loma-- honey!"  He tottered and sagged, his face fall- ing still and silent against her as she caught his crumpling body in her arms.  EAGLE SANDERSON barked wrathfully at Sleepy Burch. "Doggone it!" he roared. "Yuh ain't told me how bad Link's hurt."  Sleepy grinned. "Boss, yuh oughta be ashamed of yoreself. D'yuh think Link is the sort to pass out from a single slug? An' him yore own son! Shucks, that jasper couldn't be killed with a post maul."  "All right," growled the old fellow. "Now that yuh've quit searin' me into fits, suppose yuh tell me what hap- pened. Roll me a cigarette first."  Sleepy rolled the smoke, put it be- tween Eagle's lips, scratched a match and obediently related his tale.  "When the rest of us got to the Bar C 88," he concluded, "we finds Texas Jack was daid as he'll ever be an' Link sprawled cut in the shade, with Miss Carlyle holdin' his haid in her arms, cryin' over him an' kissin' him plumb scandalous. Link had jest come to an' seemed to be shore enjoyin' hisself. Anyhow, José an' me finally got him to the house an' in blankets an' José went after Doc Jasper.  "I stuck around until the doc got there an' fixed Link up. Then I come home to report. An' that's all, I reckon --exceptin' that there'll shore be a wed- din' in these parts before long."  Eagle Sanderson chuckled happily. "Sleepy," he said, "I ain't had a drink for a month. Let's celebrate."