MISDEAL 19    Her eyes were red with weeping, her face white and haggard. She looked at the cow- boy's tall, lean back. "Poor Walt! He and Billy were like brothers!"  Lucy's face twisted as from an actual physical pain. "Millie, why do I always say and do the wrong thing?"  The other girl came out and sat down beside her. "We all do sometimes," she said steadily. "I've been thinking all morning--maybe I ought to have married Billy when he asked me. But I--I wasn't good enough."  "You? Not good enough? What non- sense!"  Millie twisted impatiently.  "You don't understand. I mean--I didn't love him enough. And Billy de- served the best. Oh, I'd probably have married him some day if he'd kept asking me--because he'd have let me stay on here and look after Susie and Bob and Dad. But that would have been just sec- ond best. What I really want to do is go to Denver and study music. Maybe my voice isn't much good, but I'll never be happy until I find out."  Lucy laid her hand comfortingly over the other girl's brown, work roughened one.  "Susie will be old enough to take your place here some day, then you can go."  Millie shook her head.  "No, it was a crazy idea anyhow. I should have married Billy. Susie's only twelve. By the time she's old enough it'll be too late. Singers have too much to learn to start at twenty-four or five."  TT WAS nearly eleven o'clock. Lights were out in the foreman's cottage and the bunkhouse. Only one glowed in the big house. That one was in Lucky Jim's study.  Walt unsaddled his sweat-caked and weary horse and turned him in the corral, then went up to the house and pushed open the door of the study.  Old Lucky Jim was at his desk, pour- ing over a thick sheaf of bills and reports. He shoved them aside when Walt en- tered. He was a thin old man, almost as tall as Walt, with a thin, high-beaked nose, sharp steely blue eyes, and a gentle mouth     that he tried to disguise under a sparse white mustache.  "Any luck?" he asked his grandson. Walt shook his head, and threw his hat down on the desk.  "I went all over that whole damned mesa with a fine-toothed comb, but I couldn't find a thing."  Lucky Jim picked up a paperweight and fiddled with it for a moment. Finally he said slowly, almost reluctantly:  GENE CHIPMAN  "I ain't been blind to what's been goin' on here under my nose. I've seen how Ford's been ridin' you. I know how he feels about you. You got any idea it was him?"  Walt hesitated.  "I don't know," he said honestly. "He sent us out on work that didn't really need doin'. He knew which trail we'd take. An' he left the house here about two hours before we did, ridin' that gray horse of his. That would have given him about four hours extra before the Santa Fe train out of Oxville. I wasn't able to find any- body in either Cosecha or Oxville that saw him that afternoon. I'd sure like to know where he spent that extra time. But I can't get over the idea that that hombre up on the mesa wasn' layin' for us--that we took him by surprise an' he shot to keep us from comin' close enough to rec- ognize him."  The old man took off his glasses, wiped