Be a RADIO Technician J.E. SMITH, President National Radio Institute Established 28 Years Broadcasting Stations employ N. R. I. trained Radio Technicians as operators, installation maintenance men and in other capacities and pay well. Set Servicing pays many N.R.I. trained Radio Technicians $30, 40, $50 a week. Others held their regular jobs and make $5 to $10 extra a week in spare time. I Trained These Men $10 a Week In Spare Time "I repaired some Radio sets when I was on my tenth lesson. I really don't see how you can give so much for such a small amount of money. I made $600 in a year and a half, and I have made an aver-age of $10 a week -- just spare time."--JOHN JERRY, 1337 Kalamath St., Denver, Colorado. $200 a Month in Own Business "For several years I have been in business for myself making around $200 a month. Business has stead-ily increased. I have N. R. I. to thank for my start In this field." ABLIE J. FROEHNER, 300 W. Texas Ave., Goose Creek, Texas. Lieutenant in Signal Corps "I cannot divulge any information as to my type of work, but I can say that N. R. I. training is cer- tainly coming in mighty handy these days." (Name and address omitted for military reasons.) I Train Beginners at Home for Good Spare Time and Full Time Radio Jobs More Now Make Make $30 $40 $50 a Week than Ever Before Here's your opportunity to get a good job in a busy wartime in-dustry with a bright peacetime future! There is a shortage today of trained Radio Technicians and Operators. If you're in a rut, wor-ried because your present job will not last -- find out about RADIO! Mail the Coupon. I will send you FREE my 64-page, illustrated book, RICH REWARDS IN RADIO. It describes many fasci-nating types of Radio jobs, tells how N. R. I. trains you at home in spare time, explains the unique training method which I have de-veloped and perfected during my 28 years of teaching Radio by mail. Many Baginners Quickly Learn to Make $5, $10 a Week Extra in Spare Time Many N. R. I students make extra money fixing Radios in spare time while learning. I send EXTRA MONEY JOB SHEETS that tell how to do it! Right now, probably in your neigh-borhood, there's room for more spare and full time Radio Technicians. The Radio repair business is booming, be-cause no new Radios are being made. Many Radio Technicians are starting their own FULL time Radio busi-nesses . . . making 330, $40, $50 a week. Other trained Radio men take good-pay jobs with Broadcasting Sta-tions. Many more are needed for Government jobs as Civilian Radio Operators, Technicians. Radio Manu-facturers need trained Technicians to help fill Government wartime orders. Aviation, Commercial, Police Radio and Loudspeaker Systems are live, growing fields. And think of the NEW jobs Television, Frequency Modulation, and other Radio develop-ments will open after the war! I give you the Radio knowledge re-quired for jobs in these fields. How the "N. R. I. Method" Paves the Way to Good Pay The up-to-the-minute Radio Technician must have BOTH a theoretical knowledge and a practial understanding of how to apply Radio principles. I give you thorough training in Radio Theory . . . show you how to use your knowledge. N. R. I. trains you "from the ground up" -- covers Fundamentals thoroughly: Radio Terms, Symbols, Diagrams; Receiver Troubles, Servicing; Television: FM Re-ceivers. Transmitters: Cathode Ray Oscillo-scopes; Electronic Controls; etc. These are just a FEW of the subjects you'll cover before you finish my Course! A Great School Helps You Toward The Rich Rewards in Radio Throughout your training, the staff and resources of the world's largest private in-stitution devoted entirely to training men for Radio will be squarely behind you. N. R. I. has stuck to the one of teach-ing Radio for 38 years. My entire staff of more than 100 people devotes full time to Radio training. Our combined efforts have made the Course so interesting, with hun-dreds of pictures, charts, and diagrams-- So easy-to-grasp, with special teaching methods designed especially for home train-ing--that we believe you will be "old friends" with Radio almost before you know it. EXTRA PAY IN ARMY. NAVY, TOO Men likely to go into military service, sol-diers, sailors, marines, should mall the coupon now! Learning Radio helps men get extra rank, extra prestige, more interesting duties, MUCH HIGHER PAY. Also prepares for good Radio jobs after service ends. Hundreds of service men now enrolled. Find Out What N. R. I. Can Do for YOU MAIL THE COUPON for my FREE 64-page book. It is packed with Radio facts, things you never knew about opportunities with the Government, in Broadcasting, Radio Servicing, Manufacturing, other Radio fields. You'll read a complete description of my Course--Extra Money Job Sheets--Consul-tation Service--other special N. R. I. train-ing features. You'll see the fascinating jobs Radio offers and how to learn Radio at home. You'll read many letters from men I trained, telling what they aro do-ing, earning. No obligation. Just MAIL THE COUPON.--J. E. SMITH. President. National Radio Institute, Dept. 3CM, Washington, D. C. Training Men for Vital Radio Jobs   FREE BOOK HAS SHOWN HUNDREDS HOW TO MAKE GOOD MONEY J. E. SMITH, President. Dept. 3CM National Radio Institute, Washington. D. C. Mail me FREE without obligation your 64-page book, "Rich Rewards in Radio." (No salesman will call. Write plainly.) NAME .......AGE...... ADDRESS CITY.....STATE.........    Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 1