CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 31    carelessly, and let it go at that. She had long bony hands and a voice as rough as a rasp. Despite all this, Jean liked the woman at once: she was plainly so blunt and honest and good- hearted.  The three went into one wing of the big house where a living room and two bedrooms made Linda's suite of rooms. Nab settled down to knitting, making her needles click.  "If you take my advice, both of you," she said in her mannish voice, "you girls will both get out of here. Take two horses and hightail it tonight and keep riding until you are out of the country. It's madness to stay here."  "It's madness," agreed Linda Stevens despondently. "That's just it--mad- ness."  Nab laid down her knitting needles. "Linda thinks," she told Jean, "that she's losing her mind, going insane. She thinks it runs in the family. That's what the Temples say, but I say they're wrong. They claim her pa went crazy and got in a quarrel with the Garys and started all this war. I say it's non- sense. Her uncle Hamlin is sort of crazy, but only from booze. And any- way he's only her father's half- brother."  "Uncle Hamlin says it runs back in the family for generations," said the girl dully. "He says that's why he first started drinking, knowing he couldn't marry with the chance of hav- ing his children tainted by insanity. The Temples are right. I feel that I am losing my mind."  "I've got something to tell you, Linda," said Nab. "Those men in here --Andy Partle and that fellow he brought with him--they're here to help you. They're not here to buy horses. I asked Andy to come in here to help you. I sent him a thousand dollars so they could come in here and deal for horses with Fred Temple. And I wouldn't have done that if I thought anything was wrong with your mind, Linda."  "Why Nab!" exclaimed Linda and     hugged the woman hard. "You were foolish to use your money for that. And I once even thought you'd turned against me, that you were looking after me because you thought I was going insane!"  "That's how I got the Temples to let me come here," Nab explained to Jean. "They were to pay me a lot of money to testify when a hearing is held to decide if Linda is what they call mentally competent or not. They're the worst people I ever saw, those two; deliberately trying to ruin a young girl's life by getting her declared in- sane, when it's all nonsense."  Across the court a door was thrown violently open, and Hamlin Stevens emerged in his shirt sleeves, wearing flapping slippers, carrying the hunting rifle. He raised the weapon and emptied it at a canyon wall. Then, reloading in a frenzy of haste, he emptied the gun again.  Linda walked out into the court to take the man's arm and, talking to him soothingly, conducted him back to his quarters.  "Hamlin busts out that crazy way about every so often," said Nab quiet- ly. "But it's only natural after all the whiskey he's downed. As a nurse I've seen a lot of whiskey-swillin' hogs, but never one to compare with him."  A gong summoned them to dinner, and when Linda returned the three went into a hall-like room where a stingy fire burned cheerlessly in a huge fireplace. Fred Temple and his wife appeared, Temple to rush forward to try to take Jean's hands. She dodged him, aware of the glinting eyes of Erica Temple.  They ate in a dining room which wouldn't have been much larger in a real castle, with heavy oak beams and paneled walls of dark wood. It was a dreary sort of meal, with only candles for light, and a bald Chinaman serving. Fred Temple tried to make light talk with compliments to Jean, and his light blue eyes never left her.  Hamlin Stevens came in to take a