HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 9   "Thanks again. If you've no further objections I'll go after my horses and head for it. I want to get located be- fore dark."  Link shrugged again. "Okeh. In the mornin', if yuh look over to the east from the meadow spring, yuh'll see a pretty sizable ridge where the timber thins out on top. It runs due north into the main range. On top of that ridge is a trail. Follow it until yuh strike the mouth of Bear Creek Canyon. Turn due east there an' cut across the flank of the range about two miles an' yuh'll run into the regular Quarter Circle S trail leadin' to town. Turn left an' yuh cain't miss Thunder City."  "Thank you. Good-by."  Loma picked up her rifle and climbed out of the swale to her horses, standing patiently just where she left them. She was much her old self again, as far as being in control of her truant nerves, but her exultation had died. This vivid, enchanting world had been smirched with the touch of violent death, and the grim specter seemed to cling and mock her. Her face was sober as she placed the rifle in its boot and swung into the saddle. Lifting Buck into a swing, she moved down into the swale again and headed directly for the timber.  Over on her right, bulking dark in the purple dusk, the Sandersons stood be- side the dead man. They had caught Long Andy's horse and were lifting the dead rider into the saddle. Looking back once more, just before entering the timber, Loma saw them riding away to the east, along the curving course of the fatal swale. The next moment she was in the pungent blackness beneath the timber.  She found the meadow without any trouble, and Buck's own eager, thirsty nose located the spring for her. She dismounted and went expertly about making camp. Packs and saddles were removed and the three horses watered. The pack animals alone she picketed in the midst of the luxurious grass below     the overflow of the spring. Buck she let go free, for she knew he would not stray.  Dry fuel was abundant and she soon had a fire going. She put on her bat- tered little coffee pot and, while waiting for it to heat, spread tarpaulin and blankets. By the time the coffee was turning over she had bacon crisping in the pan and a small pad of camp bread browning before the flame.  She ate slowly and with relish. At the same time her thoughts were busy. With the fire crackling so briskly and cheerfully before her, the fatal shooting episode seemed to take on an atmos- phere of unreality. All was so peaceful now, so still.  About the rim of the meadow the towering conifers nodded in slow ca- dence before the playful push of the night wind. The air was keen and crisp and fragrant with the breath of the trees. The winking stars were brilliant and warm and close. Human hate and conflict and all baseness seemed very far away now.  But Loma did not allow the spell of the night to delude her too far. She was hard-headed enough to know better. As she washed her utensils, she frowned. She tried to recall what the two killers looked like, for the notion had come to her that she would report the matter to the authorities as soon as she reached Thunder City.  It was with some dismay that she realized she could not surely identify either of the men. Their backs had been towards her all the time, and such had been the jumbled condition of her senses she had noted no identifying character- istics about their horses, even had such characteristics existed.  All in all it was considerable of a puzzle to Loma, knowing so little of the why and wherefore of everything. Cer- tainly she had not enjoyed the part she had had to play. And somehow she felt almost angry that her first impressions of the new country that was to be her home, should have been shattered as they were.