60 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    shoot for keeps," he said flatly. "You know that."  "Not if I can help it." Then, passion- ately, "Why don't the fools let me alone? Can't they understand they haven't a chance?" There was no boastfulness about it; he stated it as a plain fact.  "Only thing they realize is that you al- ways shoot to wound. Men'll take all sorts of chances to prove they're better than you as long as they know they're goin' to come through alive. The thing that worries me is that one of these days they're goin' to gang up on you and you'll have to kill somebody or get killed yourself. And there's only one way out of it." He went on vehemently, "Get out of Elkhorn and go where nobody knows you. Keep out of quarrels. If you make an enemy, go somewhere else. Let the fools think what they will, you'll know you're the better man. That's sufficient."  Kent spoke slowly. "You mean that?"  "Yes!" John Bradford made a passion- ate gesture. "I know it sounds haywire comin' from me. but it's the only way."  "If you were in my place, would you go?"  John Bradford opened his mouth, closed it again. "No," he said finally. "I would- n't have the courage to go. I hoped that you had. If not--well, I know Sheriff Cun- ningham right well. I believe I can get him to take you on as a deputy. Then at least you'll be shootin' on the side of the law and men won't be so anxious to cross you."  Kent shook his head. "I don't want the death of any man hanging over me. I'll never deliberately shoot to kill."  There it ended for the time being. Kent inquired regularly about Syd Harper and learned that while his bullet had struck where he had aimed, infection had set in and the man was in grave danger. He was at the Blake home and Ellen was nursing him. For a week Kent was in torment. Then came word that Harper was improv- ing and Kent's spirits rose.  He stuck close to the ranch and made no effort to see Ellen. It would be useless. Ellen had come from the East with her brother and had secured a position teach- ing in Elkhorn's school. She had been reared in an entirely different environment     and time alone could demonstrate to her that to survive in the West a man must be his own law to a great extent. Only the stoutness of his heart and strict adherence to the code would suffice. Honesty, indus- try and courage were essential, but above all stood the ability to hold whatever pres- tige and property he had earned.  The words of his father remained with Kent, and the more he pondered them the stronger their significance became. He had never thought it courageous to flee. Now he saw that, with all the odds in his favor, a gunfight assumed the level of a boxing bout between an unbeatable champion and a novice. There could be no glory in win- ning, no honor. And so, one day a month after the shooting, he rode to Elkhorn to find Ellen and tell her of his decision to leave and to beg for a word which would let him hope that some day when he had established himself he might dare send for her.  He stopped at a store to make a pur- chase and the proprietor offered a bit of news. "Reckon we're goin' to loose our school ma'am. Ronnie just bought three tickets for the mornin' stage. They're leav- in' with Syd Harper. Too bad. Ellen was sure a good teacher. My kids are crazy about her."  Kent left the store in a daze. She had told him she would leave if he fought with Harper, but he had hoped that the threat would be forgotten when the thing blew over. As he stood there absently shaping a cigarette, he saw her cross the street and enter the house where she and Ronnie lived. He dropped the cigarette and strode after her.  Ronnie opened the door to his knock and stood there regarding him coldly. "I'd like to speak to Ellen for a moment," said Kent Bradford.  "She's not in."  "Yes, she is, Ronnie."  "Not to you, she isn't. You got a lot of gall, Bradford, calling after what she told you."  Kent felt anger rising in him, but he answered calmly enough. "Ronnie, you're a man; you ought to understand. I could have killed Harper but I didn't. I only shot the gun out of his hand. Then he