Cowboy Lore  Leaves From a Cowboy's Sketch Book By Walt Mead Prairie Girl    HER name was Ann Reilly, but at some of the community gatherings they called her Little Annie Rooney. A pretty little thing she was, with wavy brown hair and the dancing blue eyes of the Irish; and always laughing, even at herself. Just a mite of a thing, too. One hundred and five pounds of happiness. For all her twenty years she was really nothing but a child, and so poor that a little gingham dress from the dust-covered racks of Clay Bank's dilapidated general store looked to her like the gown of a fairy princess.  Her family were hard pressed to make ends meet, with eight hungry mouths to feed and all. The drought had taken its toll and the family were clinging desperately to what little they had left. It seemed to have hit them harder than most; as is the way with some families, any- thing they turned their hand to seemed never to pan out just right. Misfortune stalked them at ev- ery turn.  Then fortune smiled upon Ann in the buxom form of Mrs. Davis who real- ly wore the trousers for the Two Dot outfit. She needed a girl through the busy     season, and Ann was so breathless with excitement and the prospects of earn- ing some money of her own that she could scarcely accept above a whisper. Five whole silver dollars a week! Only they called them cartwheels then. Why, that could buy a girl like Ann almost all the beautiful things in the whole world, including the two-dollar gold- tinted locket and chain that had been gathering dust for months in Clay Bank's forlorn general store window.  So Ann packed her few paltry be- longings in her mother's battered old cardboard suitcase and went to live in the big, rambling white house that overlooked the Yellowstone and which Old Man Davis had built, when, as he put it, "He was in the chips." He was far from being poverty stricken even now, though Mother Nature had whittled him down some and the ex- perience rankled. But he still held to a half-dozen riders and a buster in the breaking pens.  As for Ann, the poor girl didn't know how to act there at first. After   114