HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 25    THAT evening Deuce Coburn came up to the house and asked to speak to Loma. Aunt Molly let him into the living room and took a chair to hear what was going on. Coburn was plainly ill at ease.  "What is it you wish?" asked Loma quietly.  "Why I jest wanted to tell yuh that I fired Colinga," blurted the foreman, his eyes downcast. "He had no business goin' on the prod like he did, so I got rid of him. I talked it over with the other boys an' they figgered I was right in doin' it. They also asked me to tell yuh that they're plumb satisfied with their jobs here an' want to keep 'em.  "They'll toe the scratch an' obey yore orders without a question. Nat- urally we were all kinda het up about Glick bein' killed, but in thinkin' it over we figger that whoever rocked him off musta had a good reason. Spider was a trouble hunter. He jest took on a hombre he couldn't handle."  "I see," said Loma. "But I've a ques- tion to ask. How do you explain that blotted brand the Sandersons showed us?"  Coburn shrugged. "I cain't. I got an idee though, if yuh care to hear it."  "I would."  "Well, I been thinkin' that mebbe Glick did it. Yuh see, a couple of weeks ago, him an' me had a run-in of sorts. I put him in his place, but I know he's been sore about it. He was a good hater, Glick was. I figger he blotted that brand with the idee of let- tin' the Sandersons find it, so they'd be on my neck about it, which they was.  "Mebbe while he was steerin' the critter out where it'd shore be found, he run into either Eagle Sanderson or his son. They musta called Glick an' beat him to the draw. Which he shore had comin' to him if my idee is correct. Sooner or later Colinga is goin' to start somethin' with the Sandersons an' I don't want him a member of the Bar C 88 crew if he does. It don't pay to fight with yore neighbors."     "No, it doesn't," agreed Loma. "But I heard you say out there today that the Sandersons needed cleaning out, as you put it. What basis have you for such a statement?"  Coburn looked uncomfortable. "Put it down that I was jest mad at the time, an' not thinkin' like I ought to. Run- nin' a ranch in this country is no snap. Yuh got plenty of troubles an' yuh got to fight for what yuh get, an' then fight harder to hang onto it. A feller cain't be blamed for swallerin' his haid once in a while."  "Very well," said Loma. "We'll for- get it for the time. We'll see how the future turns out. You may tell the men you are all on trial. If you behave yourselves and do as you are told, you'll be kept on. But the first defi- ance of my authority will mean imme- diate dismissal. Here is one ironbound order that must not be violated. Leave the Sandersons alone, understand?"  "Okeh with me, Miss Carlyle," de- clared Coburn in relief. "Thanks a lot. I'll tell the boys an' see that yore or- ders are carried out. G'night."  As the door closed, Loma turned on Aunt Molly triumphantly. "You see? Fundamentally Coburn and the other riders are all right. I won't have any trouble with them. They're anxious to please."  Aunt Molly snorted. "Bosh! Child, use your head. I've known Deuce Co- burn a sight longer than you have. It isn't in him to turn so low an' humble unless he's scheming something. An' the rest are just like him. You want to watch out for trouble. It's in the air. I can smell it."  Loma sobered. "Let's talk of some- thing else. I'll have bad dreams as it is."  CHAPTER V Cards off the Bottom  THE following morning Loma donned her riding togs again and set out to look over her newly acquired domain. She would have liked to have