OUR AIR MAIL    Eye-Glasses as Low as $2.95 Newest Styles! Try by MAIL SEND NO MONEY! Test Your Own Sight At Home With Our New Patented Sight Tester. 16 Days' Trial Offer MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION If you're not 100% satisfied with glasses we make we'll refund every cent yog pay us. Repairs; 48 Hr. Service Write TODAY for FREE catalog, scientific test chart. U.S. EYE-GLASSES CO., 1557 Milwaukee Ave., Dept 3-13, Chicago, Ill.   Getting Up Nights Makes Many Feel Old Do you feel older than you are or suffer from Getting Up Nights, Backache, Nervousness, Leg Pains, 'Dizziness, Swollen Ankles, Rheumatic Pains, Burning, scanty or frequent passages? If so, remember that your Kidneys are vital to your health and that these symptoms may be due to non-organic and non-systemic Kidney and Bladder troubles-- in such cases Cystex (a physician's prescription) usually gives prompt and joyous relief by helping the Kidneys flush out poisonous excess acids and wastes. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose In trying Cystex. An iron-clad guarantee assures a refund of your money on return of empty package unless fully satisfied. Don't delay. Get Cystex (Siss-tex) from your druggist today. Only 35c. Cystex Helps Flush Kidneys   USED Correspondence Courses Complete home-study courses and self-instruction books, slightly used. Sold, rented, exchanged. All subjects. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cash paid for used courses. Full de-tails and 84-page illustrated bargain catalog FREE. Write today! NELSON CO. 500 Sherman Dept. C-226 Chicago   What do you want to know about-- fishing, fishing tackle, hunting, guns and ammunition, camping equipment, dogs, canoes, boats and engines? The most satisfactory and easy way to get whatever information you want is to read the largest and finest of all outdoor magazines-- Field &amp; Stream      Attractive Model Dear Editor: How about some of you fellows between 22 and 30 writing to me? I'm a gal who is tall, slim, has natural curly shoulder length honey-brown hair and blue eyes. My profession as a model in a style shop demands thal I be attractive. I've too many hobbies to mention, but I promise to answer all letters. So come on, fellows, I'll be waiting! LESLIE BARKER, JR. 39 Lilac St., New Haven, Conn. Steady Reader Dear Editor: I'm a steady reader of your magazine and like it very much. Would like to have a host of pen pals as I've plenty of time to write and will answer all letters and enclose a snapshot to writers of the first five letters I receive. I'm blond and have blue eyes, like dancing, skating and reading. VERLA SCHOUTEN 313 6th St., N. W., Minot, N. D. Red-Headed Kansan Dear Editor: Please print this! I'm a red-headed, brown-eyed girl from the sticks of Kansas. Am 17 and love to read the Double R's. Come on, pen pals, throw some ink my way. JOYCE ALLEN St. Francis, Kans. Lonely Hoosier Dear Editor: Do you have a little space for a lonely Hoosier from a small town on the Ohio River? I am 25, have blue eyes and dark brown hair and am anxious to make friends everywhere. Especially girls near my own age. I promise to answer all letters. CHARLES DAVIS 415 4th St., Rising Sun, Ind. Play a Guitar? Dear Editor: Is there room for a young Canadian miss? I'm 17 and have brown hair and eys. My hobbies are col- lecting photographs, skating, horseback riding and dancing. I play a guitar and would like to hear from boys and girls who play guitars and sing cowboy songs. ANNE DOBKO  R. R. 3, Calmar, Alberta, Canada  Third Time Brings Success Dear Editor: This is the third time Eve tried to crash "Our Air Mail," and I hope I'll win. They always say the third time brings success. I'm 16. have red hair and blue eyes. My hobbies are. collecting jokes, funny short stories and match books. Like most outdoor sports, and would like to hear from boys and girls from 15 to 25. LUCILE PAPE  Box 109, R. R. 3, R.F.D., Independence, Wisc. Nurse in a Hospital Dear Editor: I have always wished to make new friends through correspondence so at last I am trying to crash your worthwhile friend-maker column. I am 18, have blond hair and blue eyes, and I work as a nurse in a hospital. Would like to hear from everyone. So come on, pen pals, flood my mailbox with letters I'll answer all letters and exchange snapshots. KATHLYN HALL 250 E. Cherry St., McLeansboro Hospital, McLeansboro, Ill. Lonely Lad Dear Editor: I am 17 and hate red hair and brown eyes. Woul[d] like to correspond with boys and girls between 15 and 19. So come, everybody give a lonely lad a show. CARL McBAIN New Freeman Hotel, Black River Falls, Wisc.   140 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements