ADVERTISING 6-Piece Set Fumed Solid Oak A Room Full of Furniture $1.00 Down Send only $1.00 and we will ship you this handsome 6-piece library set. Only $1.00 down, and then $2.60 per month, or $24.90 in all. A positively staggering value, and one Of the biggest bargains we have ever offered. Look at this massive set, clip the coupon be- low and have it shipped on approval. Then see for yourself what a beautiful set it is. It you do not like it. return it in 30 days and we will return your money. All you have to do is send the coupon with $1.00. This magnificent library set is not shown in our regular catalog. The value is so wonderful and the demand so great that there aren't enough to go around, so send today sure. Either have set sent for you to see, or tell us to mail catalog. 6 Pieces This superb six piece library set is made of selected solid oak throughout, finished in rich, dull waxed brown fumed oak, Large arm rocker and arm chair are 36 inches high, seats 19 X 19 inches. Sewing rocker and reception chair are 36 inches high, seat 17 x 17 inches. All four pieces are luxuriously padded, seats upholstered in brown imitation Spanish leather. Library table has 24 x 34 inch top, with roomy magazine shelf below, and beautifully designed ends. Jardiniere stand measures 17 inches high, with 12 inch top. Clip the coupon below, and send it to us with we will ship the entire net of six pieces, subject to your approval. No C.O.D. Shipped K.D. We ship K.D so as to save you as much as one-half of the freight charges. Easy to set up. Weight about 176 pounds. No discount for cash. Order by No. B5186A. $1.00 cash, $2.50 monthly. Total price, $24.90. Pieces not sold separately. Act Now--While This Special Offer Lasts! Don't wait a day longer. Sit down today and send in coupon for this 6-piece Fumed Solid Oak Library Set.. For a limited time only are we able to offer you this stupendous bargain. Prices, as you know, on everything are going up, up, up. It is impossible to tell just what day it will be necessary for us to increase the price of this wonderful Fumed Solid Oak Library Set. So act, but act quickly. Fill out coupon, send it to us with first small payment and we ship you this wonderful 6-picce Fumed Solid Oak Library Set. Pieces not sold separately. Easy Payments! Open an account with us. We trust honest people, no matter where you live. Send for this wonderful bargain shown above or choose from our big catalog. One price to all, cash or credit. No discount for cash. Not one penny extra for credit. Positively no discount from these sensational prices and no C. O. D. 30 Days' Trial Our guar-antee pro-tects you. If not perfectly satisfied, return the article at our expense within 30 days and get your money back-- also any freight you paid. Could any offer be fairer? Free Bargain Catalog Shows thousands of bargains in furniture, jewelry, carpets, rugs, curtains, silverware, stoves, porch nnd lawn furniture, women's, men's and children's wearing apparel. STRAUS &amp;SCHRAM Dept.1794 Send This Coupon Along with $1.00 to us now. Have this fine library set shipped on 30 days' trial. We will also send our big Bargain Catalog list- ing thousands of amaz- ing bargains. Only a small first payment and balance in month- ly payments for any- thing you want. Send coupon now. W. 35th St. Chicago Free Trial Coupon STRAUS &amp; SCHRAM. (Inc.) Dept. 1794 W. 35th St., Chicago Enclosed ..na $1.00. Ship special advertised 6-Piece Oak Library Suite. I am to have 30 days' free trial. If I keep the suite I will pay yon $2.50 monthly. If not satisfied, I am to return the suite within 30 days and you are to refund my money and freight charges I paid. 6-Piece Library Set, No. B5186A. $24.90 Name Address Post Office..............................................State........................ If you ONLY want catalog put X in box below □ Furniture and Stoves □ Jewelry □ Cream Separators □ Men's, Women's and Children's Clothing □ Paints □ Roofing In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES 