A Rogue in Love 79 ablaze. "You have heard rumors; some- one has been carrying tales, raking among the dead ashes of the past! It isn't that you don't love me; it's simply that you've listened to these lies and think you can't trust me!" "No, no!" she protested, drawing away from him. "I will prove my love, Alice--!" "Please, Mr. Sutherland! People will hear you! They are looking at us-- Miss Devereaux, there on the divan-- You are mistaken, and I don't care for you--except as a great artist--" "Artist, artist! Always you talk about my art, as if there was nothing else, as if I am less than man because I appear upon the stage. I am man and lover-- your lover; you shall see, my dear! I care so deeply and so much that I could shout my passion to the wind--" "Don't! Miss Devereaux-- Hal is looking-- There! the music has stopped. Please let me go--" Sutherland held fast to her arm. "There is something I must show you, Alice." The musicians were silent. The floor was clearing. Men and women gathered around the punch bowl, and there was much laughing and talking and smoking. For the moment, Alice saw neither Diana nor Hal. It seemed to her that above all things a scene was to be avoided. She knew that Hal didn't like Suther- land, whom he called a roué and a philanderer. If any unpleasantness oc- curred she and Hal would be forced to leave the company, and they couldn't afford that, in the middle of the season, with engagements few and far between. Thus it came about that Alice suffered Maurice to lead her to his dressing- room. It opened directly off the greenroom, and with the door open she was within sight and sound of the party. During the evening Miss Devereaux had held a small court in her room, and other mem- bers of the company invited special friends to their dressing-rooms, where it was popularly supposed a coveted brew was on tap. Really it was the sim- plest thing to do, and Alice allowed Sutherland to escort her to his apart- ment. The door was left wide, there was only a light curtain between them and the outside world. Maurice Sutherland lost no time, but at once produced the love letter which Alice had written him nearly two years ago. When she recognized it, her face turned crimson. She didn't dream that he had saved it--that, he even remem- bered it. Since coming to Broadway Alice had learned that it was a common occurrence for a successful player, espe- cially a so-called matinée idol, to receive a daily volume of notes from impulsive girls and women. Few actors saved such correspondence, and fewer still accepted it seriously. Yet Sutherland had kept her letter! "Now do you still deny that you care?" he asked, bending toward her tri- umphantly. Instinctively she put out her hand for the missive. "It was just a foolish, schoolgirl mash note," she faltered. "I wrote it before I went on the stage, at a time when I still believed--" "Believed what, Alice?" he asked tenderly. "I believed in--everything, then, I think." she told him slowly. "If I haven't retained my faith in . . . every- thing--" "Lies, lies, all of them!" he cried, with a wide sweep of his arms, as if he would annihilate armies. "You've got to believe in me--you must believe when I say I love you--" "No! Don't! It is useless--" "You must believe!" His voice rose to a hysterical note. "I would die for you--I mean it, Alice. Without your 