The Call for Help 33 erably, pointing to the lantern still in the window. ‘‘One of the servants must have lit it without my instructions," whispered Hortense. "Does my husband suspect who you are; why you came here?" "He takes me for a burglar," said Archie. Under the compelling eyes of the woman he once thought he loved, he reluctantly explained. "You're wonderful!" breathed Hor- tense in admiration when he had con- cluded. "I'm terribly sorry you were disappointed when you came up the ladder, but--I'll meet you in the city tomorrow--the same place." Archie gulped. He rallied all his forces. He might as well have it over with now. "I--I don't think we'd better meet each other like that any more," he managed. The beautiful eyes that had led him so far astray showed incredulous aston- ishment. "I--I like your husband," continued the honest lad. "He and I have many tastes in common. I can't become friends with him, however, if I continue at the same time--you understand, don't you?" Evidently she did, for she uttered a choked cry. "It's simply wonderful!" continued Archie with enthusiasm, "he's interested in everything that I am--pictures, curios, books, old manuscripts and every- thing. And he has the real collector's spirit--he won't allow anything to balk him when he's after some particular addition to his collection. I've never met a man more to my taste." "Stop!" commanded Hortense. "Do you mean to say that you prefer my husband's friendship to mine?" "I--I don't see why you and I can't remain friends, too--just friends," stam- mered Archie. "Well I do!" raved Hortense, and at that moment she was not at all beauti- ful; "do you think I'm going to receive you in this house quietly, calmly, as if nothing had ever happened between us, just because you're as crazy as my hus- band about old daubs and pieces of clay?" She paused for breath. But before she had obtained it, her husband came into the room. V His face bore a satisfied expression. "I persuaded the police it was all a mistake," he said genially. He broke off, however, as he became aware of the tension in the air. "What's the matter here?" he asked bewilderedly. "I'll tell you," said Mrs. Lute, beside herself with the fury of a woman scorned; "you've let yourself be made a fool of by this man. Do you know why he came here tonight, through the win- dow?" "Why, y-yes, he told me," stammered Mr. Lute. "And you believed him!" shrieked Mrs. Lute, who was hardly conscious now of what she was saying. "Well, I'll tell you the real reason--he came to see me!" "No!" gasped Mr. Lute. "No?" repeated Mrs. Lute hys- terically. "Look at him and then decide if what I'm saying isn't the truth." Mr. Lute looked. Archie could not meet his eye. Mr. Lute stiffened. He straightened to his full five-feet-two-and-three-quar- ters. He looked searchingly from his wife to Archie and back again. He pointed commandingly to Mrs. Lute and then to the door. "Leave us!" he demanded. She stared unbelievingly. Her husband repeated his command, a half-tone higher. Mrs. Lute trembled. S--Aug. 1--3 