The Radio Roadster 89 correct, and the driver of the machine had evidently been listening to the repeated volleys of air waves as he raced along. In any event, the occupant of the wrecked automobile had competely dis- appeared. What had become of him was a mystery, even though the owner- ship of the battered machine was not. In fact, the police had been suspicious of its identity from the first receipt of news about its radio equipment. Now they did not even need to consult the license tags to recognize the once smart roadster as the yellow speed car in which Nick Brewster rushed about the country. The officers knew that Brewster was a radio enthusiast, and, besides, they had seen him at the wheel earlier in the evening. Th accident--if it was one--gave a different complexion to the matter, how- ever. The course of the car was known, not only because of the plane, but be- cause the only way it could have come was past the Harrington place. The question was: Where was Brewster? Then one of the policemen tumbled upon his side and uttered a howl of pain. His companions sprang to his aid, and, more enraged than hurt, he held up something soft which he had found in the road. It was a satin slipper with a glistening rhinestone buckle, and in step- ping upon its high French heel the man had turned his ankle. The roadster was quickly forgotten and the officers turned their attention to a search for the Cinderella whose shoe they had found. It was but the work of moments before their search lamps re- vealed a feminine form in the under- brush by the side of the road. The unconscious woman was clad in a badly torn evening gown, and her hands and face were cruelly lacerated. But the thing which startled the officers most, as they lifted her tenderly, was the fact that her arms and ankles were se- curely bound. Strips had been torn from the evening wrap which partly enveloped her, and these bonds had been drawn so tightly that she could not move. Some of the same soft material was thrust into her mouth, and a knotted handkerchief held the rude gag in place. In one corner were the initials of Carter Harrington. V Alicia and Ted Van Horn had very little trouble in substantiating their story to the police who had rushed in upon them at the Harrington bungalow. The sergeant in charge would not permit Ted to call Carefree by radio. He wished the room to await the coroner's coming precisely as it was; but a tele- phone to the camp had promptly vouched for them and the fact that they were not present when the murder was committed. Neither of them desired to take the officer into their confidence regarding Nick Brewster, but on the plea that something might be learned there, he readily consented to go with them to the Brewster home. So the sergeant left a detail in charge of the studio and the corpse, and, bundling into Ted's ma- chine, they started down the mountain. Both Alicia and Ted were more than dismayed at the turn affairs had taken. They feared that unless his friends acted quickly Nick would become in- volved. Even they had been somewhat doubtful, despite their affection for him, and if left to the tender mercies of a blundering rural police force. Van Horn imagined Nick's chances would be slim indeed. Instead of resenting their eagerness to help in solving the crime, the sergeant appeared to welcome their wish to co- operate. However, he was not quite sat- isfied that their purpose was not prompted by some ulterior motive-- 