The Call for Help 29 shiver coursed through his blood. He sought to squeeze himself into as small a volume of space as possible. Then he forced himself to turn his eyes down- ward to investigate the cause for the dull thud he had just heard come up from the fragrant spaces below. His eyes, straining through the dark, confirmed his worst fears. The ladder had slipped from the window and was lying on the ground below, hopelessly out of reach. For a searing instant Archie was sure he had been discovered; that someone in the garden had pulled down the lad- der. But as no threatening sound rose from below, he concluded mourn- fully that it had been some chance abrupt movement of his own that had cut off his retreat. Now that it was impossible to go back, Archie began to wish he had never left the comfortable safety of his own rooms to go on this mad adventure. He thought longingly of his chess-board and the beautiful colored plates in The Flora of Porto Rico. After all, a wo- man was only a woman, but a real hobby was a joy forever. Archie sighed. Even if he wanted to go back, he couldn't. It was absolutely necessary to go on to further thrills whether he enjoyed thrills or not. He decided that he did not. He resumed his task of opening the window. It rose with only one squeak to blanch Archie's face. Cautiously he lowered one leg over the sill and waited for something to happen. Nothing did. Only the soft breathing of the night wind through the trees and his own hard breathing came to him. He threw the other leg over the sill. Then he stood erect and parted the taupe silk curtains that en- closed the window from the room. He found himself peering intently into the small, sinister opening of a blue- black automatic. II "Ha-hands up!" quavered the shaky voice of a man. Archie put them up. He blinked dazedly at the man whose skinny fingers gripped the weapon. He was a short man, a thin man, a meek-looking man, an undignified man in the worn purple dressing-gown he was wearing. Apparently he was quite as much frightened as Archie. The automatic wavered dizzily in his hand. "P-put that thing down!" gasped Archie from between dry lips, "it--it's liable to go off." "S-s-sit down there," stammered the other man, indicating a chair with his free hand, "s-sit down there or--or I'll plug you," he ended loudly. He waved the gun at Archie wildly. Archie plumped down upon the chair. If the chair hadn't been there he would have sat down upon the floor. His legs would no longer support him in the style to which he was accustomed. But even in his distress one corner of his brain was busy with a startling question. Was this meek little man the brutal husband of whom Hortense had com- plained so piteously? Archie concluded that he must be. He certainly was dressed as if he belonged in this house. Then--Hortense had deceived him. In order to win his sympathy she had painted her husband as a cruel monster when in reality he was a timid, mouse- like little man. Why, he seemed more afraid of the weapon in his hand than even Archie was. This reflection restored Archie's self- confidence amazingly. By the time Mr. Lute had backed up to the big mahogany table in the center of the room and gaspingly reached for the telephone. Archie was in full control of himself. "Just a moment," he bade the other man. "There's a mistake somewhere." 