The Sting of Victory By Paul Vernier "AH," sighed McManner, sad- ly, "she has the hair and eyes of Nellie McNalligan, and she eats like Nellie used to eat." For an active de- tective he was growing very stout, and he glanced sorrowfully from his own grapefruit salad and lemon ice, al- lowed by his diet, to the succulent steak and mushrooms of the black-eyed bru- nette across the way. I suspected that a story was lurking in the offing McManner had enjoyed the show that night and had heartily indorsed the judgment and valor of the indefatigable hero, who, like himself, was a detective. "Yes," said McManner, "that girl re- minds me of Nellie McNalligan, and that reminds me that the victor doesn't always get the spoils." "Now that fellow in the show to- night," said McManner, knitting his brows, "got some reward for his work, and right there he differed from me when I courted Nellie McNalligan. "You see," he began, as he lit a long, black cigar, "there was a fairly good counterfeit nickel being floated down in Lawrence County, and we had traced the source down to Greenvale. "The force was pretty busy those days, and so the Chief sent me out on the job all on my lone. It was the first time I had been given a free hand in a case of any importance, and I worked like a Trojan. "In a week or so, working day and night--like a kid does--I had the case narrowed down to a restaurant building on Main Street, with offices on the sec- ond floor and apartments above. "I recognized the restaurant proprie- tor at the first glance, without entering his place. He was a Greek, Popiklos by name, and I knew that he would remem- ber me if he saw me, for we used to see each other every day when I lived in Altoona and he ran a place there. "Well, rather than put another fel- low on the job, I decided to adopt a good disguise and carry the thing through myself. I was thinner in those days than I am now, and I made myself up to look like one of these Spanish or French dukes, you know--goatee, mus- tache, black hair, olive complexion-- see? "As John McManner I simply van- ished from that town, reappearing as Pierre Gaspin, interested in starting a restaurant. "My first week's work had made me pretty sure that the Greek was the ring- leader of the gang. Three others of his fellow countrymen had been assisting in passing the bad nickel, but investigation of the rooms in their boarding houses disclosed nothing. They seemed to have no room to set up any machinery in private, while Popiklos, the Greek, on the other hand, had two stories and the basement of the restaurant building in which to work. "But the very first night I stepped inside that restaurant I almost forgot all about my case. Nellie McNalligan herself brought my ham and eggs that night, and if there ever was a pretty 61 