32 Love in the Jungle "I shall win your whole love, Rhoda," he said, "God willing. You like me a little already, do you not, dear?" "I like you--a great deal," she an- swered gravely. "Then love will follow," he cried ra- diantly. "You know, of course," he added after a pause, "that your father has left an unexpected account in a Cal- cutta bank. Word only came of it a few days ago; it is not very much, but plenty, dear, to see you home, should you want to go." He tried to make his manner matter-of-fact, but his voice faltered a little. "I should be--we'd all be awfully cut up, Rhoda, if you wouldn't stay," he ended. This thought it was which burned it- self into the girl's brain. Gratitude! There was but one return for all the kindness she had received. Other dreams she might have had--Goring's indifference had shattered. And Larry! No woman could help learning to care for him; time would teach her to love him. She felt him bending over her, his kiss on her soft hair. "Come in, dear," he said gently, "mother will be happy to see us," and he led her into the bungalow. XIII Though Miss Waler did not defi- nitely announce her engagement to Cap- tain Townsend, she made no efforts to deny it. A kind of apathy seized her, a touch of the fatalism of the country. She let things drift. Why struggle? What for--an empty dream that was over. She would make Larry a good wife. He needed her and her reward was in the new happiness she saw coming back into his face, some of the sunshine of his boyhood days; she noted the quiet joyousness of his mother, the reborn pride in his father's eyes as he looked on the son given back to him. A peace seemed to enter Rhoda's soul, the content that only unselfishness can give. The clamorous longing, the passionate hopes, the madness of joy of those few hours she had known Gor- ing passed from her, taking some of her youth with it. As she grew stronger the people of the station began to drop in to tea. They congratulated Rhoda and won- dered what the stunning young Captain could see in that poor, washed-out- looking little mite who seemed so un- enthusiastic over her engagement. It was all too ridiculous for words-- who was she anyway? An American, a mere nobody picked up goodness knows where, without any clothes or money; why, she was wearing all Bes- sie Townsend's last season's frocks. Her father had been mine manager at Barampadar -- not that unspeakable creature, Sam Waler, they had thrown out of the Club! He was dead now-- well, really, she came of elegant stock! But Larry's devotion left no doubt in the minds of the several disappointed and highly eligible young ladies that he was desperately in love with the girl; and Mrs. Townsend seemed as de- lighted as her son. "Where did you meet the Captain?" a certain Miss Witherspoon inquired one afternoon with a chilly simper meant to be sentimental. "Miss Waler has only been in India a very short time," Mrs. Townsend an- swered, seeing that the girl looked pale ana tired. "It was Mr. Goring who in- troduced her to us." "You mean Temple Goring, the I.C.S. man?" gushed Miss Weather- spoon. "Have you heard the latest about him?" "No," came an interested chorus over the teacups. Rhoda felt the blood leap suddenly in 