The Green Hat 43 where seated with his back to a rock, in a secluded spot some distance from the regular trail, he took out the news- paper and was again confronted by the glaring headlines that seemed to have been seared into his brain. He read again: "Attempted Murder of Doris Dacre. Only Clue Man's Green Hat." With nerve tensed mus- cles he continued through the narration which followed. "Doris Dacre, who won her way into the hearts of the multitude with her wonderful voice and most human por- trayals, will never again delight the senses of her patrons and admirers. She was found stabbed, probably to death, and the only clue to her assassin thus far discoverable, is a man's green hat, which he most evidently forgot in his hurry to escape before her screams brought assistance; screams which the knife wound in her throat had sudden- ly shut off. "Admired by all men and sought by many, she whose voice and personal charm have brought her many tri- umphs, is now lying at death's door in St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Unable to speak and according to the doctors never again likely to; though they are still hoping against hope that she will recover sufficiently to give the name of her cowardly assassin. "Conjecture naturally points to jeal- ousy as the cause; for a woman of her magnetic power, whose beautiful form and sparkling vitality have been the envy of women and the admiration of men, is sure to have lovers, and it is suggested that among them may be found the murderer. The ordinary stage Johnnies may easily be eliminated for they would never have the nerve nor the strength, which, according to the condition of the room and its con- tents, must have been used in the struggle. "It might have been a jealous woman, for more than one married man has worshipped at her shrine, but the green hat is mute though convincing evidence to the contrary, and those who have seen Miss Dacre say that everything points to the fact that a man both physi- cally and passionately strong committed the crime. "The police are sure that it will be easy to trace the owner of the hat and are promising some startling develop- ments before night. "In an interview, Policeman Leary, who found Miss Dacre, deposed that he was attracted by her screams, and that a short time before hearing them he had seen a man leave her house, but had paid little attention to this. " ‘Them Bohemians have company at all times of the night,' he explained. "He was unable to see what the man looked like, or to say if he wore a hat, it was too foggy to see. But, he volun- teered, there had been one man calling pretty frequently of late, who wore a hat like the one found, whom he thought he could identify should he see him. He believed the man whom he saw leave the house had time to return before he heard the screams, and stated he had stumbled over the green hat as he entered the room where he found Miss Dacre, and upon seeing that she still breathed he had called an ambu- lance." There were more details and some suppositions advanced, all of which Bennison read and re-read till his brain seemed dulled and every nerve tingled. "Fool," he said to the surrounding hills. "Fool! to leave my hat." Thrusting the newspaper in his inside pocket, he rose and walked off at a nervous speed, he did not know why nor where, only that he was climbing, that the physical exercise was what he needed to offset the turmoil of his brain. As he walked his brain cleared, and 