She Had to Play the Lead By William Grenvil PART II SYNOPSIS OF FIRST PART Mary Gray, a country girl in New York who wants to become a movie actress, has come to the end of her resources. Wandering along Fifth Avenue one even- ing, a well-dressed woman accosts her and engages her to play in some amateur theatricals at her home. Mary is taken by the woman and her husband, who call themselves Mr. and Mrs. Van Horne, to a great country estate. There she finds they are criminals and want, her aid. As she cannot escape she has to listen to them. They want her to impersonate the celebrated movie star Rita Duval and induce a millionaire who has fallen in love with her on the screen to give her enough money to start her own producing company. The two crooks say Mary may even have to marry Rufus Green. "BUT I don't want to play- such a part," Mary protested. "You got to," Nell Schirmer said, and there was a menace under her seemingly friendly attitude. "But that would be dishonest," she cried, "it would be obtaining money un- der false pretenses. I won't do it!" "Come, come," said Steve puffing at his cigar, "that won't get you nowhere. This ain't the first time you've got things under false pretenses." "I've never done such a thing in my life," she declared indignantly. "Wait a bit," said Steve, "what about beating Mrs. O'Ryan out of four weeks' board and lodging?" "That was different," she asserted. "Not a bit," he said, "the judge would look at it in the same may and it would be the good old Island for thirty days." "How did you know about it?" she asked. "I was looking for a ringer for Rita Duval and I saw you on the street. I marked down your house and went and told Nell. Then I got the Van Horne sedan and was coming to talk it over when Mother O'Ryan threw you out. She didn't whisper it." "If I did what you want me to, I should go to prison." "You'll go if you don't," he snapped grimly. "If you play under my direc- tion you can't go wrong. This fellow Rufus Green is no good anyhow. He's a get-rich-quick crook and it would be a kind action to take some of his dirty dough." "But you said I might have to marry him!" "What's a fake ceremony between friends?" he said easily. "That guy isn't playing straight. I happen to know he hasn't got his divorce yet. I dearly love to skin that sort." Mary Gray looked at the twain in de- spair. Why was it they persisted in thinking she would enter such a shame- ful scheme with them? Steve went on genially: "You know what a hard game life is even if you're willing to work like a 51 