86 The Radio Roadster really was with Harrington, and Nick should run across them!" "There might be the deuce of a row!" Van Horn surmised. "I think I'll call up and ask if he is there. I'll use the telephone, so as not to muddle in with all the radio racket that's going on in the air." He did, and it seemed to him that he could never persuade Doris Brewster to stop her chattering. He gave her no hint of his purpose in phoning, and from her conversation he was certain she did not know of the excitement at the camp. She had not used their radio since talk- ing with Alicia--and Nick had not come home. Doris was quite peevish about it because she had guests for bridge, so the circumstance only made Van Horn more suspicious and apprehensive. "Alicia," he confided when he hung up, "I don't relish this business at all. You know Harrington and Nick have never liked each other--and of course you know that Nick likes Carmen a lot. I'm going to get out my roadster and beat it to Harrington's just as fast as I can get there." "Right-o!" Alicia commended. "It's the only thing to do--although I can't believe that Nick could be such a fool." "Nor I," echoed Van Horn; "but I mean to find out." "Of course we must," said Alicia, and laughed when he looked at her with sud- den disapproval. "Now don't imagine for a minute that you're going alone. There's no use of your arguing--go and get your car." III Ten minutes later Alicia and Van Horn, snugly wrapped in polo coats, were shooting recklessly down the wind- ing road which leads from the plateau of the camp to the valley below. Although their ears could not catch the disturbance in the ether, it was rippling and pounding with radio waves which were broadcasting the fact that a crime had been committed within the community. Message after message, hurled out for all to pick up at their home stations, gave warning that a crim- inal might be lurking nearby, and urged every citizen to join in the radio posse then in pursuit of the supposed fugitive. But the only anxiety the two in the roadster experienced concerned what might have happened at Harrington's studio, and each felt a lurking fear that they might arrive there too late. Even then, without their knowledge, a squad of cycle police was roaring toward the scene from West Farming- ton. Overhead, too, a graceful, shadowy biplane soared and dipped as it watched for a possible trial at escape by an aerial route. Van Horn was making his car eat up the smooth roads, taking short-cuts where he dared and detouring where he did not. It was only about nine-thirty when they left the camp, and for almost an hour he hardly slackened the pace at which he set out. Once or twice they were hailed when passing some cottage, but neither Ted nor Alicia responded to these calls. Now, before half-past ten, they were climbing the final stretch which would bring them to Harrington's house. Al- ready its shadowy outlines were plainly silhouetted against the silver-hued sky, and a sudden sense of caution came to Van Horn. "Duck down in the car, Alicia, and keep covered up!" he shouted against the roar of the wind; but she only shook her head and laughed at him. "Attend to your driving and never mind me--or you'll run over the cliff! I have my automatic, and I'm perfectly able to use it." That ended the conversation, and a few minutes later the two of them leaped from the machine as it stopped with a 