The Call for Help ByCrosby George HE did not look like a second- story man. His eyes were not sinister, menacing or cunning with the craft of a man perpetually alert for the police. They were blue and harmless. His clothes were not those commonly associated with the profession of removing from the dressers, jewel-safes, and necks of ma- trons the jeweled fruits of their hus- hands' toil. He was not attired in shapeless trousers. He wore a suit of blue serge, the trousers of which bore a crease as sharp as the prow of a battle- ship. No nondescript cap hung rakishly over one eye. Instead, a black derby of extreme style in regard to brim and shape was fastened at the precise angle recommended in the "What the Man Will Wear" columns of theatre pro- grams. He did not look like a second-story man. And for a very good reason. He was no second-story man. Yet, this balmy evening in late Au- gust, he was carefully climbing up a short ladder which was resting against the wall of a house he had never before entered. Archie Drewe was not enjoying the exercise. Ladder-climbing was no hobby of his. His taste ran to the col- lecting of antiques and rare pictures. He was intensely interested in the flora of the Caribbean Islands. He loved a quiet game of chess. And yet this even- ing he had abandoned the very latest book on the subject of Caribbean flora and a most intriguing chess-problem to go ladder-climbing. The answer was, of course, Romance. It was the bright eyes of a fair lady that were drawing him up the ladder. It was the soft voice, the liquid tears of a beautiful woman that were impelling him to this adventure so contrary to his quiet routine of life. But Archie told himself that it was not so much love for his Hortense that was responsible for his presence here this night, but pity for her. Archie had a heart that suffered with every suffering creature, and Hor- tense Lute had moved it tremendously when she had told him of her hus- band. "Oh, he's a brute," she said tone- lessly. "All day and half the night he's absorbed in his work--his work!" she ended with a tragic clenching of her two bejeweled hands. Archie's mild eyes watered slightly in sympathy. "You poor kid!" he said. "His stupid work!" repeated Hor- tense tensely. Archie had only recently taken up residence in the quiet suburb of Ash- croft. Consequently he knew neither the husband of Hortense nor the nature of the work that had come between hus- band and wife. But even one hasty glance at the slim, firm figure of Hortense, at her beautiful dewy eyes, thoroughly convinced him that what- ever the lifework Mr. Lute was en- gaged in, it ought to be abolished by law. "Poor girlie!" he uttered sympatheti- cally, and found himself patting her hand. 27 