No Place for Husbands 11 studio," she warned, her pixie face un- naturally grave, "so you'll have to get this quick. Part of it is my fault--I shouldn't have invited you out to the studio, and it was up to me to warn you that this company I'm working for is kind of a shyster, fly-by-night outfit. Siegel, for instance, I wouldn't trust as far as I could see him. He's N.G. "Well, after we finished work last night, I happened to walk through the outer office, and I heard Siegel and the press agent laughing over something. Your name was mentioned, so I lin- gered around and listened in. Gosh, this is sure a tough thing to spring on a man's empty stomach--but, Jack, those highbinders are planning to work that shot of you and me and the girls into the picture we're just finishing. The fillum is called ‘The Gay Million- aire'--so you come in fine. "Siegel and the p.a. think it's a great stunt--a bathing-girl comedy with a well-known guy like you in the cast. You got to hand it to 'em--it is. 'Course they don't dare advertise your name, but they can noise it around pri- vately, and, after one person has seen the picture, the news'll spread--don't worry about that. You'll be packing 'em in all over the country." Peggy even permitted herself a smile. "It was a nice little family group, wasn't it?-- all us girls in our cute little bathing- suits. I hope you haven't a jealous wife, Jack." "Jealous!" he exclaimed through set teeth--he had been thinking of Mar- gery. "Peggy--it's awful!" His brain was whirling like a ferris- wheel. The damnable luck of it!--one little skid off the straight and narrow-- an innocent one at that--and here was a misrepresenting, compromising pic- ture threatening to tell the whole world, including Margery, about it. Margery--dear, suspicious Margery --would be horrified--worse. Likely she would wish to divorce him. Farra- day would be shocked and angry. All Wall Street would believe he had slipped back into the wild, irresponsible ways again. Confidence in him would be irretrievably shaken. Terrible! He was thoroughly aroused, and he snapped to Peggy, "What's this man Siegel's game--blackmail?" "Perhaps," said Peggy. "Better come back with me to Hollywood and see-- after you have your breakfast." "Don't want any breakfast--come on!" Seizing his hat and her arm in nearly a single motion, he dashed out of the hotel with her and across the curb to a free-lancing taxi. He shouted direc- tions to the driver and plied him freely with lucre to insure the maximum of speed. In twenty minutes the boiling ma- chine jerked to a stop in front of the Hal Harris studio, in Hollywood. John threw some more silver dollars at the driver, and he and Peggy hustled through the studio gate and up to the door marked "Office." This Harlan unceremoniously yanked open, neglect- ing to knock. The young cyclone rather took by surprise Siegel and the press agent, who were conferring near the latter's desk. "Ah, good morning, Mr. Ha--" This from the drawling Siegel, with an at- tempt at business-as-usual. "What have you done with that pic- ture that you took of me yesterday?" John hurled at him, tossing diplomacy to the dogs. The smile of the smug Siegel van- ished, and the publicity man looked a little frightened at their visitor's vehemence. "Won't you have a ch--" Another attempt by Siegel. "I've no time to sit down. Where's the picture?" "Why, Mr. Harlan," Siegel drawled, with an attempt at sly conciliation, "I thought you understood that the picture 