The House of the Missing 61 They found nothing of any im- portance to search. There was no one in the apartment--that was certain. A great deal relieved, Clayton re- turned to the front hall, stationed Larry in the alcove there, and made his way to Vining's desk in the front room. To his disappointment, there was very little in the desk. A few old letters, an in- vitation or two, some receipts and a couple of blank income-tax return forms were all that his first search revealed. But, having come there with so much difficulty, Clayton was determined to find something. And, going through the desk more carefully a second time, he did discover something that might be of value. It was a tiny account book, hid- den in a little hollow under the desk- blotter. Clayton studied it for a moment there in the silence, by the aid of his little torch, and presently received a shock. For it was half full of names, and these names included several persons he knew! After each name was a series of dates, followed by single figures, so that a single entry read something like this: Emily Horton -- August 11.......2 August 15.......3 August 17.......2 Suddenly there was a tiny sound from the hall outside and Clayton instinctively switched off his torch and slipped the little book into his pocket. He turned toward the doorway, which lay in shadow. Then he became conscious that his heart was pounding heavily, for he could see that something was moving in the shadowy corner-- "Hands up!" Clayton blinked in a glare of blinding light, from the suddenly illuminated chandelier. His hands were high above his head, and he was staring into the unwavering muzzle of a large and effi- cient looking automatic. The owner of the gun stood just in- side the doorway, with two other men, flanking him on either side. They looked a very determined and formidable trio. In the pause that followed, Clayton had time to recognize Vining, from Moore's description, as the man with the gun. He also had time to wonder what had become of his reinforcements in the shape of Larry. Obviously, the next move was in either Larry's hands or Vining's, for Clayton was effectually covered. Then Vining snapped: "Drop one hand and take off that mask!" (To be continued in the August 15 number) 