14 No Place for Husbands --that was a fine way to treat me, wasn't it?" The semi-malicious light in Hal Harris' eye did not augur well. John learned where Harlan &amp; Co. had ac- quired one of their motion picture interests. The banker pulled himself together as well as the past hectic week would allow him. "Maybe I would consider buying you out--a little share in your company anyway--the picture business is a very poor just now--probably you could use a little money." Harris laughed ominously. "Not a nickel." John cleared his parched throat. "All right. Now that we've settled that, Mr. Harris, how much do you want for that picture Siegel inveigled out of me in Hollywood? Or would you rather I turned the matter over to my lawyers?" "Mr. Harlan," the movie man said slowly, "I'll admit I know what you're talking about. I want you to see this situation from my standpoint as well as your own: You are one of the best known millionaires in this country. People say that you had a--er--rather interesting past. At one time, I believe, you were rumored to be engaged to a Follies girl named Peggy Du Bois. My director wires me that he has a moving picture showing this same Miss Du Bois and you and some others. Well, what am I going to do? The picture's worth--" "How much?" cut in John. It was a fearfully hot day, and he was per- spiring like a stoker. Harris pulled himself ponderously out of the chair. "Mr. Harlan," he said, "your father put me out of busi- ness once, and I don't owe you any favors. I wouldn't sell you that picture for all Harlan &amp; Co. owns. And that's final!" John threatened, cajoled, and offered to bribe for a few moments longer, but he saw that further argument was futile. Finally he walked slowly to his car and was driven downtown. He thought of consulting a lawyer but became panic-stricken as he imagined the publicity attending a law- suit. During the next week John ap- proximated the mental tortures of a prisoner in the Death House at Sing Sing and a bridegroom facing the wed- ding ceremony combined. He had the heart for very little work. Farraday inquired anxiously what was the mat- ter. His secretary regarded him curiously as he dictated in faltering ac- cents and almost chewed his pencil in two. He went to see Harris again--twice --but the producer was obdurate. And Margery--Margery kept asking questions. Had something dreadful happened in California that he was hid- ing from her? Her eyes were always upon him. He took to reading the moving pic- ture columns in the newspapers, think- ing perhaps there would be a hint as to when things were going to pop. One morning he gasped as, going in on the train, his eye caught this item: New Hal Harris Sensation Hal Harris, the comedy man, is said to be preparing a picture for release that will be an absolute sen- sation. It is called "The Gay Mil- lionaire," and one of the best- known millionaires in America, it is rumored, makes his cinema debut in the comedy, together with Peggy Du Bois and the other famous Harris bathing beauties. John took off his hat to cool his swimming head. The dike was about to burst. When he reached his office, 