50 The House of the Missing was much like approaching a house, handsome in the distance, only to find it deserted and falling into ruins on closer inspection. As a portrait painter, Clayton had naturally studied faces. But he had never before seen so great a change in a face, without a definite cause to which the change could be ascribed. It was not a good face, at all events, of that, he was very certain. Mrs. Furneau smilingly signed to him to join her, and he was presently shaking hands with Mrs. Fawcette. Her manner was most cordial, but he did not feel that she was particularly glad to see him. "I hear you have been round the world, since last we met," he told her. "Oh, no! Just a fairly long stay in Egypt, a little off the beaten track." "What enthusiasm!" Clayton re- marked. "Life is a poor shabby thing at best--so I don't see that it matters much where we spend it. But I dare say you enjoyed yourself?" Mrs. Fawcette had found a seat on a sofa while they were talking and he sat down beside her without an invitation. "Oh, yes, thank you, I enjoyed my- self," she answered a little sharply. "How extraordinary!" Clayton ex- claimed. "I thought that faculty was-- dead, in most of us." She turned and stared at him, sus- piciously. "Well, it isn't dead in me, at all events!" she snapped; "although your remarks might imply that you think it ought to be!" Clayton was secretly delighted to find that she had so quick a temper. For he hoped that reaction might loosen her tongue, if there was anything to learn from her. He sat up as though stung. "My dear lady, I had no thought of implying any such thing. If my words sounded discourteous I beg that you will pardon them. To tell you the truth, you may remember that I suffered a terrible loss some months ago and I'm afraid that that has made me self-centred as well as costing me my own capacity for en- joyment. You remember?" It seemed to him that his companion started slightly, and for an instant his heart stood still with a sudden fierce hope. But she answered smoothly enough: "You poor man, of course I remember it But surely you found your sister again? I have been away, you see, and--" He shook his head. "No, I never found her--and now I am trying to forget." He glanced at his companion, but she was looking down at her hands. "You have stopped trying to find her?" she inquired, without looking up. "What is the use?" he replied. There was a moment's silence. Then: "I think, perhaps, you are wise!" she said. "After all, she probably ran away with someone and is quite happy." She looked up at him, at last. "And I am sure you will regain your capacity for enjoyment." Her glance lingered a moment and for the first time he became aware of a queer fascination of which she seemed to have the power. She was undoubtedly a handsome woman and her long, narrow eyes could express a great deal, in a queer, elusive way. "I feel that I am regaining it, mo- mentarily," he answered. He could have taken her and cheer- fully choked her, for the callous way in which she had referred to his sister, fascination or no fascination, but that would not have advanced his cause any. He was beginning to be suspicious of everyone, and Mrs. Fawcette had been one of the last persons to see Margaret. She smiled into his eyes then, a strange, elusive smile that was yet vaguely repellant. 