The House of the Missing 59 But he felt that if the Russian knew anything about the famous revels, of which they were beginning to learn, he had made a fair start to learn more through him. The real event of the day began when Clayton met Larry at nine o'clock. He was at the appointed place promptly and his master could see by his slightly increased girth that he had brought his kit of tools with him. Clayton was dressed in his oldest clothes and looked as much like a burglar as possible, so that, if Vining saw him, he would not connect him with Moore or think it more than a coincidence. Vining's house was one of those high, narrow brownstone fronts in the Sixties. He lived alone, and his apartment was cared for by a woman who came in by the day. Once Larry and Clayton reached his rooms, they were in little danger of de- tection. But the difficulty was forcing the lock on the front door, without at- tracting attention. Vining lived on the second floor. His windows were dark. But there were lights in the apartment on the first floor although there were none in the base- ment, so that they were in constant dan- ger of detection as they stood in the little entrance. However, Larry began fishing under his coat and calmly made ready to force the lock. Clayton was uncomfortable. This was taking the law into their own hands with a vengeance--and if they were caught, Clayton could not take the law into his confidence. Then, too, if anyone came along while they were searching Vining's rooms and saw the forced lock, there would be a hullabaloo at once. "Wait a minute, Larry," said Clayton, "there are some children coming. I've got a better idea, I think." There were letter-boxes for each apartment in the vestibule and a push- button underneath each letter-box. They stood quietly wating until the children had come, laughing and calling, nearly opposite them, then Clayton pressed all the bells. They waited a moment and then, sure enough, heard the latch lifted. "Quick, Larry!" Clayton whispered, "put something into the door to hold it open!" He slipped one of his tools under the door at the bottom, so that the latch could not close again, and then drew back into the shadow of the steps next door. They waited a few moments and pres- ently heard a window raised overhead. The children were still calling in the street and a woman's voice floated down to them, faintly; "Drat those children!" Then the window was closed with a bang. Larry drew closer to his master. "Say, have you done this before, sor?" he de- manded. They waited for perhaps ten minutes. But nothing happened and no one came to the front door, either from inside the house or from the street. Then Larry slipped quietly forward, pushed open the door, picked up his jimmy and stood waiting. "Come on, sor," he whispered, " 'tis now or never!" Clayton followed him into the house. He had told Larry that there was just a possibility either that some one might be waiting for them or Vining might return and catch them. On that ac- count, Clayton had arranged that they should not stick together after they got into the apartment, but that Larry should drop behind a little, and, as soon as he was inside, to hide somewhere where he could watch his master, to act, if neces- sary as surprise reinforcements. What Clayton had heard of Vining had made him skeptical as to the ease with which his rooms could be searched. 