The Flapper Fools Them 19 to be seated. Then he hurried away to the vaults in the rear of the place, and Madge sat on the chair staring with a bored expression at the tips of her tiny shoes. The young man returned and displayed a bewildering number of bar- pins, each more alluring than the other. Yet, despite their sparkling brilliance and really rare designs, Madge did not seem to be impressed by them. "This one, at eight thousand, is a beauty," the salesman enthused. "It was done in our own studios and the stones are flawless--" "It really doesn't look like much," Madge shook her head. "Now that one isn't bad--in fact it's rather different." The salesman placed upon a velvet cushion the pin she indicated, and nod- ded when he realized she knew some- thing worth while when she saw it. The stones were even finer than in the pin he had suggested -- and the mounting was exceedingly novel. Be- sides, it cost a thousand dollars more. "I think I'll take that," Madge an- nounced, consulting her wrist-watch with sudden recollection of her haste. "I'll just pin it on and be running--" She stopped abruptly, as though puz- zled at the change in the expression on the young man's face. Then she burst out laughing, and put one little hand on the sleeve of his cutaway coat, as though to reassure him. "You didn't think I wanted to charge it, or have you send the bill to papa?" she pealed merrily. "Of course, you don't know me--" The salesman nodded his head, in perfect understanding, and regretted that what she said was the case. "Of course I did not think--" he be- gan awkwardly, but her eyes silenced him. "Of course you did think!" she con- tradicted. "That's what you receive a salary for--isn't it? Well, don't worry, I'll pay for it." Then she turned away from him, and, bending down, felt beneath her abbreviated skirt for a moment. The salesman looked discreetly away, but did not neglect in that moment to keep one eye on the bar-pin Madge had chosen. But now her glance met his again, and a slight flush came over his fea- tures as she counted out on the table- top nine one-thousand-dollar bills. There was just one remaining in her dainty fingers, and she held it up to him with a look of girlish triumph in her eyes. "Don't you dare breathe a word that I didn't spend it all," she pleaded. "If Dad knew I had this one left he'd want it back again. He lets me buy what- ever I want, but he's as stingy as can be with spending money." The clerk gasped as he took the bills; and then a perplexed look came over his face. Madge was watching him closely and he did not wish to make the slightest false move--yet he was not in the habit of selling such costly jewelry to unknown customers who paid cash for it. "If you'll wait just a moment -- please," he requested politely. "I shall have to report the sale to the cashier and show the pin at the office before I can let you take it." "You mean that you're not sure about the money?" Madge sniffed contemptu- ously. Then, with a seeming effort, she controlled her impatience and asked the man to make haste. He did--to the best of his ability-- but as he had foreseen, the cashier wished to have the bank next door pass upon the genuineness of those bills. A messenger was dispatched for that pur- pose and the salesman loitered in the vicinity of the cashier's cage until the report should come back. He had put away the other trays and the pin Madge had purchased was safe in his hand. 