112 The Comet and the Star who bicycled through winding paths with him while Elsie spent her after- noons dancing and again it was Neva Lloyd who initiated him into the joys of motor boating on Lake Worth. At the Beach Club one night he ran across Roberts. The older man's greeting was friendly but not over cor- dial so that Collinge had no suspicion that Roberts and Elsie were meeting daily while he was at work or playing with Neva Lloyd. "My husband warns me that you are a dangerous man." Elsie said the next afternoon as she sipped a bacardi dicky under the cocoanut palms. "And what about you? Doesn't he realize that you are a constant menace to a man's peace of mind?" Roberts thought he knew every move in the game he was playing, but he had yet to fathom the depth of guile that lay beneath the sleepy blue eyes raised in- nocently to his. "Not to yours," she murmured in- sinuatingly. "Haven't you drawn me all the way from New York to Florida?" "I'm not the only attraction at Palm Beach." "You are as far as I am concerned." Elsie was content. She had long since measured the situation. Tom was a money maker at present, but the colonel had a solid position in the finan- cial world and her ambition had risen by leaps and bounds since it had been unleashed a few short months ago. Now she saw no reason why she could not deftly fan the flame of the colonel's ardor into the fire that burned before the hymeneal altar. And unconsciously Neva Lloyd was furthering her plans. The actress was making Collinge content with only oc- casional glimpses of his wife. The picture progressed rapidly but it was over two weeks in the making, two weeks during which time Hartley Roberts sank deep into the pit which Elsie's sublety dug for him and in which Collinge turned to Neva Lloyd for com- radeship. He was an ardent fisherman. He had never been able to persuade Elsie to take any interest in the sport but Neva Lloyd was almost as keen about angling as he was. "When we finish you ought to run down to Miami and get some deep sea fishing," she told him one morning as they came ashore with a creditable catch. "I'd love it." He turned to her eager- ly. "Would you come?" "With you?" But her smile had no coquetry in it. "And Elsie, of course. I suppose there's dancing there too." "I suppose there is but you ought to go alone. Deep sea fishing is a man's sport." "You've taught me that a woman can share in a lot of sports that I once thought belonged solely to men." His admiring glance took in her slender compact figure with its muscles of steel hidden beneath a seemingly fragile ex- terior. "It's only since I've been in the pic- tures that I've let my natural tomboy inclinations have full sway. I used to think they might count against my fem- inine charm." Her tone was full of gentle raillery. "As if anything could do that," he told her warmly. "Are you trying to flatter me?" she demanded, a slightly worried crease appearing between her eyes. "No, I'm paying you an honest trib- ute. You've given me your friendship, Neva, and you can't imagine how I value it." He spoke earnestly for at that time he was not experienced enough to classify his emotions. But Neva Lloyd saw pitfalls ahead. She dared not admit even to herself 