The House of the Missing 47 the opportunity to question her suddenly about his sister and possibly learn some- thing--if there was anything to learn. His former suspicion of her faded, as he knew her better. So, about half past three, he pulled himself together, assumed a most cynical and disillusioned expression, and set forth for her house. Their conversation that afternoon, be- fore the arrival of her other guests, was of a personal nature and consisted mainly of subtleties, of which the lady was a past mistress. Once, however, she referred to the subject never absent from Clayton's thoughts: "Jack," she said, after a pause and speaking a little wistfully, he thought, "have you really given up all hope of finding your sister?" She reached out and touched his hand delicately, to soften the reminder if she could. Clayton nodded. "What's the use? I've looked everywhere, and it's hope- less. Don't let's talk about it. Don't worry about it, but let me go to the devil in my own way." He smiled bitterly, and glanced away from her, but when he looked back again her eyes were on him with a keenness of scrutiny that he had never seen in them before. There was a little furrow between her pretty brows, too. But she contented herself with: "It doesn't seem like you, somehow." "Perhaps not!" he retorted; "but when there isn't a single shred of a trace to go on, what can I do?" She hesitated a moment. "I didn't ask just to hurt you. I expect Mrs. Fawcett here this afternoon, later on. It was to her house that I took Margaret to luncheon that wretched day, you re- member. And I did not know whether you would rather see her again and per- haps question her further, or go away before she comes. She left, you remem- ber, soon after Margaret's disappear- ance, on one of her globe-trotting jaunts or something. And I thought, per- haps--" "Oh, I don't mind seeing her again, if that's what you mean," he answered, though he had never even thought of questioning Mrs. Fawcett very closely, except to verify the fact that Margaret had left with Mrs. Furneau a little after five. He realized that perhaps he load been careless there. "But as for questioning her again," he added, "what's the use?" Mrs. Helen Furneau shrugged her shoulders. "Well, I thought I'd tell you, anyway." "I appreciate that." "She's a queer woman," Mrs. Fur- neau went on. "She used to be ultra- conservative, before her husband died. But since she's been wandering around the globe, with nothing in particular to occupy her, she's taken on a crowd that even I would call queer. And I don't believe anybody ever accused me of con- servatism." She laughed whimsically. Naturally Clayton pricked up his ears at that, then to hide his interest he turned the conversation back to his charming hostess. Presently the guests began to arrive. They were the usual mixed lot of artists and professionals, with a rich sprinkling of foreigners, for whom Helen Furneau had a particular penchant. Clayton was deep in cynical platitudes with a round-bodied and rat-eyed little cubist who looked as if he needed scrub- bing, when Helen called his name. She stood at his elbow and, turning, he found himself facing the loveliest girl he had ever seen. She was dressed in gray--clinging, filmy stuff--with a big, gray, floppy hat. Clayton took that much in, before Mrs. Furneau completed the introduc- tion. Then the girl's big gray eyes met his gravely, lingered a moment, taking 