Whose Was the Hand? 49 even temperature secured for the sick room. It was now half-past eleven. She turned to the bottle of champagne, and poured out half a teaspoonful. Slowly, as she was about to put this into the glass, she was aware that an impulse, as much beyond her control as her comprehension, guided her hand away from the glass, and to the sick man's lips. With no volition of her own, she forced the pointed spoon be- tween them and the drops of wine down his throat. The terror that her doing this brought about her, made her replace the spoon on the tray. She took off her wrist watch and laid it beside the spoon. Why--why--had she done this? "Oh, but if I do give him a few drops of each, I can say, with my eyes meet- ing any one's," she was thinking of the eyes of the little nurse, "that I did-- did--try!" The thirty seconds had gone by in the removing of the watch, and the con- current reasoning. She took another spoon and administered a few drops of the beef extract. When five minutes had gone, she said: "That is enough. Not--any--more!" Yet, at the exact moment called for by the little nurse's schedule, she found herself automatically pouring the wine and giving it to the unconscious man! And, at the next swiftly recurring thir- tieth second, the extract. "I will not do it! I will not do it!" she told herself. Her heart was pound- ing against her side, the sweat was on her brow. By every physical law she knew, her hands should have been shak- ing so that the power to guide the spoon, its contents unspilled, would not have been hers. But it was not so. As though controlled by some external and invisible force, her white fingers closed round the champagne bottle and care- fully measured the prescribed quantity into the spoon, as carefully conveyed the wine to her husband's lips, which, as she saw now, had lost a little of their death-like whiteness and rigidity. She felt her very soul quailing within her at this failure of volition. At the same moment, some section of her in- telligence marvelled that the thought of Robert's return to her aroused no feel- ing whatever, either of the joy that would have been natural, or of the re- sentful fear of his again leaving her for Marion Beresford. She had not been entirely rendered dumb, since she was terrified of the control possessing her, but some tracts of feeling were de- void of sensation now--why and how? All the time she wondered and rea- soned, and feared and struggled--so vainly--for power to resist, to repossess herself--her hands were moving swift- ly, unerringly, conveying life to the dying man. At one o'clock he drew a deep, easy, natural breath. At half past he turned upon his side, away from her, and then turned back. Suddenly a light came to her. The little nurse! She had prepared so eagerly for this vigil, she had so entreated, with her blue eyes, for this task, she had been so dis- appointed when sent away! "I will ring for her. I will ask how she dare--" Eleanor gave the half spoonful of wine. This took longer than the ex- tract of beef which she had merely to dip up from the silver saucepan on the spirit stove. The movements of lifting the bottle, and pouring the wine, occupied at least twice as many sec- onds. She waited till she had performed the easier task, then rose to go to the bell which would wake the nurse. She had just reached it, when she felt an impulse turning her round. The bell should have been near the bed, and, when the furniture stood in its nor- mal position, was near it, but Robert S.--May--4 