Love in the Jungle A Complete Novelette By May Freud Dickenson I RHODA WALER gazed eagerly out of the first- class compartment of the Calcutta-Bombay express. At last she was really in India--India, where her father had spent most of his life--India, the land of mystery about which so many of her dreams had centered--India the mag- nificent, the gorgeous, with her gold- trapped elephants, her jeweled temples, her royal rajahs. Her cheeks pressed against the rain- flecked window pane, the girl saw flat, water-soaked paddy fields where the vivid, yellow-green spears of young rice just pierced the dark muti. Here and there palm trees or clumps of feathery bamboo shaded the miserable clustered mud-huts of the villages. A crumbling mosque blurred past through the driz- zling mist of the monsoon. Rhoda gave a disappointed little shiv- er. It was dreary and dirty and ugly, not a bit like what she had imagined. Bare, brown, half-naked figures scur- ried along under soiled white cotton um- brellas; in the shallow pools along the railroad track, men and women bathed in the muddy slime, washed out their clothes and drew their drinking-water in terra-cotta jars. She saw huge steel gray buffaloes, hump-backed bullocks, scrawny, under-sized cows and herds of frisking goats. On every station plat- form were hordes of men in flowing dhotis and women with rings in their noses, their ears rimmed with jewelry, massive anklets on their bare feet, glass and brass bangles on their arms, their faces painted with caste marks, their black, oily hair covered by coarse draped saris. A sense of depression stole over the girl. Perhaps it was because she was going to face the unknown--a father she could not remember and of whom she knew practically nothing. He had simply been the source of a generous quarterly allowance which had given her all the necessities and put her com- fortably through college. Her mother had died in India and Rhoda had been sent back to the States to be reared and educated by an old aunt; but she had always determined to come out to India some day and get to know this father of hers. She had written him numberless letters telling that she meant to come, but invariably his answer had been emphatically to urge her to stay at home. On her graduation from Radcliffe, however, the girl took things into her own hands. She was all alone in the world now, the old aunt having died and left Rhoda a modest legacy. This was her chance to go out to see her father before she should start teaching school, so as to earn her own living. She packed her bags and trunks, wrote her father a gaily defiant letter announcing her de- 3 