Motion Picture Department 125 Select were awake to a future with Mitchell Lewis in features that will bring out all the bigness of his person- ality and evenly balanced screen acting. He is big and wholesome--one feels his bigness when meeting him personally. He has dark brown hair, that sort of crisps over his head, and eyes that match in color. He is a powerful swimmer and a lover of horses. In "Children of Banishment" he gives us the best work of his career as a screen artist. * * * A unique little folder containing some interesting bits of gossip about a certain sprightly little star came to me this morning. On its cover are the words, "Bessie Barriscale to Ye Photoplay Editor." Its contents are as unique as the cover, and I cannot resist quoting some of them to you. Since Bessie has been under the direction of her very own husband, Howard Hickman, an en- tirely new screen star has evolved be- for eour eyes, which all goes to prove what I have been trying to prove to others, that the director has a lot and then some to do with the success or failure of a screen story. Under the caption of "Honey" fol- lows this--"Just how they fell to talking about bees and honey and the Padres nobody knows, but Bessie Barriscale astonished her party by her knowledge of bees. It was lunch hour for the Barriscale company on location near Redlands, when somebody said: " ‘The Old Mission honey made of orange blossoms, that the Padres used to clarify and put up in jars was the most famous honey in the world. It was the very heart's blood of the blos- som.' " " ‘There is a kind of honey even sweeter, more fragrant and more de- licious,' said Bessie B., ‘and that is honey made from the blossom of the mesquite. It is heavenly and Arizona is the place to get it, and that reminds me of a story an old Indian told me of the ways of bees. According to his lore the humble bee is the farmer of the bee family. He is easy going, good natured and a hard worker, but he has one fatal weakness--he loves to have his back rubbed. " ‘The honey-bee knows this and often when they meet him coming home laden with honey, they will engage him in friendly conversation and while one soothes him into blissful repose by rub- bing his back, two or three others rob him of every smidgeon of honey he had worked all day to gather.' " ‘All of which goes to show,' said B. B., ‘that you can always get a man through his weakness--' Bessie ought to know--but-- ‘Is bumble bee honey good to eat?' Bessie replies, ‘the field mice will tell you that is.' " Another caption--"Busy Bees," heads this--"Bessie Barriscale is always tell- ing stories on somebody else, so it's only fair to tell one on Bessie. A lady who had known this blonde lady since in- fancy, relates this story: "Bessie was a member of the infant class at Sunday School and at a picnic given by her class, the teacher was tak- ing advantage of their woodsy location to tell them something about trees. " ‘Now, who can tell me the name of this tree?' she asked as the class ap- proached a weeping willow. "No one knew except Bessie. ‘Well, Bessie?' asked the teacher, to which Bessie replied: " ‘It's a weeping widow.' " That will be(e) about all. * * * They were filming "The Bondage of Barbara," the new starring vehicle for Mae Marsh, at the Goldwyn studio. It was the scene where Barbara's brother is imprisoned in the attic of a road- house and faces a greater peril unless he is freed. So long as he is kept in hid- 