"Till Death Us Do Part" 71 for the ticket which she put there. Her breath comes harder as she realises the tickct is gone.) Granny : Two tickets and his wallet was all they found in his pocket. May : My scarf! Granny : Have you lost your scarf? Raxter : (Unobserved by the others, removes the red scarf from his pocket and holds it out toward May.) I reckon this is your scarf, May. (May recoils as she sees the scarf; she regards Raxter with horror.) Granny: Yes, that's hit. Raxter: I found hit on the floor. May: Where--where--; how did you get hit? Granny : Didn't you hear Jim say he picked hit up off the floor ? Raxter : Hit was lying right here by the chair. Granny: Will you be married to-day in the face of this terrible accident? Raxter : That's for May to say! (May breaks down sobbing at the table.) Granny: I'll see what the preacher thinks is best. God knows hit's a bad omen! (She goes out through the house- door. May speaks with lozv vehemence as she, checks her sobs and faces Rax- ter.) May: You killed him! You killed Lem Hamilton! You threw him over the falls--you murdered him! Raxter : You're out of your head, May! May: You followed him to the falls, you set on him and you threw him over the top! You killed him, you killed him, and I'll tell all the folks down there you killed him! Raxter: Why should I kill Lem? Can you tell all the folks that? (May shrinks away from him, fear replacing fury as she realises her posi- tion.) Lem came to his death by an accident. Too bad hit smashed in that pretty face of his! But you and me'U be married just the same. May: You think I'll marry you now? Raxter : I think you had some reason for promising to marry me, and I reckon your feeling still holds good! You haven't got to marry me, have you? (May's eyes fall before his; she sinks to a chair, trembling. Granny enters at the house-door.) Granny : Preacher says hit's best to go through with the wedding if we have the cere- mony here in the house. Does that suit you both? Raxter : Suits me, all right. Granny: How about you, May? (May hesitates, unable to control her voice. Then she gives a quick nod.) 