102 Her Friend, the Burglar "Mr. Kenyon told me of your request for a loan," Mrs. Kenyon went on. "I can realize the temptation which dress must hold for a girl in your position--" But Doris interrupted her angrily. "Can you?" she cried contemptuously. "I wonder if you can! And I wonder if you could resist it if you did. But I tell you I didn't take the money--that every word I've said is true--and I'm not going to admit something that isn't so, no matter what you promise to do if I should." In disgust at the brazenness of the girl, Mrs. Kenyon took her departure, and Chief Collins himself escorted her to the motor in which her daughter was waiting. "It is really too bad," she deplored to the official. "She is so young to be so stubborn, and so callous, yet I suppose we must expect it in view of the mod- ern attitude of young girls toward lavish adornment and enjoyment of lux- uries beyond their means." But Chief Collins knew more about human nature than Mrs. Kenyon did, and his experience was wider with young men and women who had made similar slips because of their envy of others more fortunate in worldly pos- sessions. So he walked meditatively back into the station house, and with a friendly light in his eyes paused before the bars of the cell in which Doris was sitting dejectedly, her burning cheeks hidden in the palms of her quivering hands. "Now don't take on like that, kid," he consoled her gently. "Maybe things won't be so bad after all." "I hate--all of you!" Doris blurted out, unable to control her emotion. "Sure you do," agreed the Chief. "That's only natural. We all hate people who catch us doing something we oughtn't to do--" "I tell you I didn't--" raged Doris. "And I tell you you did," contradicted the Chief calmly. "We won't fight over that--but I'll tell you how you can keep on sticking to the truth and get out of this little cage--" Doris looked up at him in astonish- ment, but the official's eyes were twink- ling. "You didn't spring anything new," he said. "Did you think you did?"' "I don't understand," stammered Doris. "No?" queried the Chief, arching his eyebrows. "Suppose you tell me the name of the young man who was work- ing with you, and explain what fright- ened you both away before you'd com- pleted the haul." So that was what he thought! Doris realized in an instant why she was being held, and it only increased her helpless- ness--for she did not know the burglar, and could not even attempt to explain what he looked like. That in itself, she saw, only made it seem as though she was trying to shield the man they be- lieved to be her accomplice. "He was foxier than you," the Chief told her, "for he wore gloves and rub- ber-soled shoes, but we found his foot- prints in the grass the same as yours. Now you're too good a kid to tie up with a crook like that--a contemptible skunk who'll slink away and leave a silly girl to get caught in his place. Come on--out with it! Where'll we find him?" Doris could only protest that she did not know. "Well, all I've got to say," was Chief Collin's parting shot, "you're about as senseless a little fool as I ever came across; if you won't loosen your tongue --you deserve what's coming to you." VI When Doris closed her eyes she seemed to live again all that had taken place, and she found herself wondering 