22 Love in the Jungle the double burden and as the river of crocodiles came into sight beyond the green of the jungle, the man suddenly wished that this ride would not end so soon--that it might go on forever. He looked down at the girl; her damp light hair lay against his breast. He could see the soft curve of her cheek, the pink of her little ear, the parted line of her mouth. The sweetness of her was irresistible, the moment was his. Goring bent over and kissed her on the lips. Then he leaned closer to see if she were angry, but only a deepening of the color in her fever-flushed face be- trayed anything to him, for she dropped her eyes so that he should not see the gladness in their blue depths. A great joy stirred the man. She was not the kind of a girl who would un- protestingly let him kiss her unless she cared a little. The wonder of it filled his heart--he gathered her closer to him, something fiercely protective in his clasp. She was his to guard and defend through these golden moments, which when she had gone again as she must go, would be the one real memory of his life. So they went on oblivious of every- thing but each other and the new-found glory of their love. The girl quivering and radiant despite the pain that racked her body, the man's heart big with pas- sion and heavy with despair because he knew he must lose her so very soon. It tied his tongue. Honor forbade him to tell her that he loved her--to win from her a shy confession that she too cared. His country needed him; some of her sons she sent to the field of battle, others she kept back to guard the outposts of her Empire. Now was not the time to quit or shirk with the Motherland fighting for her very exist- ence. Heckers was good for twenty years and Political agencies are not to be had every day in the I. C. S. So while Rhoda's thoughts drifted happily, the man's crashed from dreams of what might have been, to the harsh- est of realities. In less than an hour he must bid her good-bye, for months, perhaps never to see her again. There was no dodging the issue--he must not even win from her a promise not to forget. Her young life should not be ruined waiting for him. No--he must let her go, not knowing how much he cared nor how hard it was to give her up. He must make their parting as commonplace as possible. It was the little Gurka sergeant who brought Goring sharply back to present facts. "Sahib," he cried, his yellow face wrinkled with alarm, "junglies hie," he pointed to a bael tree from whose branches one of his men was just scrambling down. Goring peered back through the blur of rain. In the distance, half hidden by a low hillock, he made out a dark mov- ing mass. "We've got to make the river," he said grimly, spurring on his flagging horse. The great elephant as if sensing danger, quickened his pace. The Muggerudder or river of croco- diles had overflowed its banks as the Indian rivers do in the monsoon. The low lying paddy fields lay deep under water, the wreckage of some jungle huts floated past. The surging rush of wa- ters reached them as they came out along the inundated shore. Goring's horse splashed through the eddying mud a foot deep; it reared on its haunches quivering with fear and refusing to go further. The man's face grew gray with anx- iety. He tried in vain to spur on his beast, yet knowing that it was useless --the river was too deep to be forded. For a moment he sat, the girl clutched desperately against his heart. At all costs she must get across; 