The Fool By Charles Woodstock IF her husband hadn't been such a sheer fool, as she contemptu- ously dubbed him, Irene Wal- ters might at least have felt a slight qualm for the thing she had done to him. As it was, how- ever, her double betrayal of him in- stilled in her naught but a feeling of vicious, unalloyed joy--for it would mean that soon, even in a scant few days or so, she could at last leave for- ever with the man she loved and the man who loved her! The half dozen years of her marriage, during which each succeeding day had seemed more dull and more dissatis- fying than the other, would then be behind her--nothing more than a grim nightmare that would but serve to con- trast with the glorious life that would be hers. It was difficult to contain her elation. She felt like calling up several friends and letting them know, like tell- ing the very servants downstairs, like shrieking it aloud to all the world! But she stilled her emotion and con- tinued sitting quietly in her boudoir, gazing steadfastly and with far-off eyes at her own reflection in the mirror. Presently she smiled--slowly, trium- phantly, a bit cruelly. After all, it was Jasper himself who had been his own ruin. For once, though unknowingly and through no absolutely direct fault of his own, he had mentioned just a few brief words of the thing he always kept religiously locked up in the very depths of his soul--his business! Not that she had wanted, formerly, to hear anything about it. No--Heav- ens, no! The very word, alone, was enough to send a shiver of repugnance through her. If she were giving a din- ner and he were late, it was always that word, "business," that was the excuse; when he had to break an engagement they had made, the same thing was blamed for it; whenever she spoke of new expenditures for the house, or of an elaborate affair, or of some rather costly clothes or jewels, it was always to remain undecided until he saw how "business" was going and how the books would balance at the end of the month! She didn't know anything about the thing--or didn't want to. Decidedly no. Even if she had, it would have been useless, for Jasper never talked, it was said, to either man or woman in re- gard to his affairs down in Wall Street. That, in fact, was what had lately made her task so difficult; that was why she had searched through his papers and his pockets; that was why she had care- fully, cautiously, cunningly sounded him in reference to his latest deal in the effort to find out just one thing--the name of the stock he intended "unload- ing" as a surprise and a ruse to an opposing clique! . . . Again she smiled. It seemed ironic that she, of all people, should finally wish to learn something about that which she had abhorred. However, it Was only through this very finding out, her lover had shown her, that they could ever hope to run off and have each other forever and all time. And at last, thank God, it was to come to pass. That very afternoon--perhaps 117 