24 The Flapper Fools Them body stands to lose a thing except old J. Buckleigh. The jeweler will get his bar-pin back--and I've four thousand to spend--thanks to the fact that Hunt hadn't nerve enough to pull the job himself." Then she opened her handbag once more and smoothed out four genuine bills--her share of the swag--less the single one she had given to the store manager as a matter of precaution. "Let's see--that's right," she calcu- lated, and rehearsed the transaction over again in her keen little brain. "First, I have ten really-truly thousand- dollar bills--all in a nice little stocking bundle. Beside them, in my purse, I had another package just like it--only Uncle Sam didn't print that paper. "The first time, I hand the jewelry chap the genuine money--nine thou- sand dollars. That leaves me the one bill I'd saved by selecting a cheaper pin than Hunt had in mind. Then, when the salesman comes back -- and I've changed my mind twice--I'm supposed to slip him the spurious stuff. Hunt felt sure that, having examined it once, they'd take the bills a second time with- out questioning them." She paused in her observations, to congratulate herself. "Nice nut I'd have been to try such a trick as that!" What she had done instead, was this: While the clerk was absent, verifying the real money, she divided the spurious package in half. On the top of one bundle of five counterfeit notes she placed the genuine bill still in her pos- session. Then she waited. In due course of time she learned that the original money was real -- which, of course, she had known all along. Then she "changed her mind." So, according to plan, the nine genuine thousand-dollar bills were returned to her and slipped into her bag with ap- parent carelessness. But Madge was never careless for the fraction of a mo- ment. At that point in the transaction, her handbag contained nine genuine bills. It also hid two packages of similar ap- pearance. One was composed of five counterfeits and a genuine banknote. The other had five utterly worthless bills. To secure the bar-pin again, she must hand out nine bills--and she was not taking chances on being tripped up in that. She had noticed the blue-pencil mark on the topmost bill--but to rely on returning that alone would be much too risky. Her long, slender fingers moved with the skill and swiftness of a magician's wand, and presto! she had in her bag two packages and not three. One of these she gave back to the store man- ager--a little crumpled wad. In it were five counterfeit notes and four genuine ones--those of Treasury parentage be- ing outside, of course. The sight of the marked one and the feel of the other four had satisfied the jewelry man-- and Madge had departed. So, when she stepped into her limou- sine, her bag still held six genuine thou- sand-dollar certificates. She peeled off five and crammed them into a hole in the lining of her bag. The four coun- terfeits and one genuine thousand, she meant to give to Hunt. Having planned beforehand her method of getting out of the limousine, and ridding herself of Mr. Hunt's soci- ety, she felt that one of the real bank- notes would do to deceive him. Be- sides, she shrewdly surmised, the sight of the bar-pin would divert his thoughts and throw him off his guard. He would also imagine, naturally, that she meant to return with him, and further discuss the matter at the hotel. But Hunt's unsportsmanlike attitude had robbed her of an extra thousand, hidden away in the torn lining of her 