Love in the Jungle 23 this was no place for her. If there was to be a fight and he should go under, what would become of her? Once on the other side of the river he and his men could hold back the junglies until she had reached the railway station; but how to get her across that turbid, treacherous stream? Then insistently from behind them a noise rose gradually above the patter of the rain and the rush of the river, an ominous, terrifying noise, murmurous and swelling into a bedlam of drunken yells and shouts. Goring turned in his saddle and saw a man in a white tophee on horseback, leading on a mob of hun- dreds of black Santalis. "It's Das," whispered Rhoda clutch- ing his arm. She leaned closer, "Lis- ten," she breathed, "he's after me; if you put me down he will go away and not harm you. If you don't--you'll be killed." A sob choked her. For answer Goring dismounted and lifted her from the saddle. The water swished about them as he put her be- hind the shelter of a bit of bush; then he pulled out his automatic. "I'll leave a last shot in it for you," he said and placed himself in front of her. He turned to his men giving his orders sharply. The Gurkas knelt waist deep in wa- ter, their black eyes agleam with the lust of battle, their rifles leveled. "Crouch low as you can," Goring said to the girl as an arrow whirred through the air above his head. "Fire!" he snapped and the Gurkas' rifles flashed. A half dozen black bodies in the jungle beyond fell heavily on their faces. There was the rush of retreat; then the skulking dark forms creeping up closer to shoot from behind the shelter of the trees. "I must get her across," Goring mut- tered, the sweat of agony standing out on his forehead. If she were to be hurt! If one of those deadly arrows were to strike her--or their ammuni- tion gone and his little party annihilated, what worse fate might not befall her? Suddenly his eye fell on Golu, the elephant, thrashing his trunk impatient- ly, his wicked little eyes almost un- canny with intelligence. "By Jove," cried Goring, "he'll do it. Cut," he cried, to the little Gurka as he tugged at the ropes that bound the packs of the great beast's sides. A half dozen kukris flashed out hacking at the hempen cords and freeing the elephant of its load. "Hath! jaiga!" Goring cried, pointing across the river. Golu knelt down at the mahout's word. "You must cross on the elephant," Goring said rapidly to girl. "You'll be safe, I'll send two of my men with you." "Don't make me go," pleaded Rhoda. "I am not afraid. Let me stay with you." "For my sake, go," he panted, lifting her high in his arms for his men to help on to the great beast's back. She cowered a moment in the twisted roll of sacking, looking down at his drawn face. "If anything should happen to you," she breathed, her hands clutched to- gether. "God bless and protect you," he an- swered, as the elephant rose to its feet and prodded by the mahout's steel- shafted goad, plunged toward the river, snorting angrily. Rhoda looked around with tear wet eyes. "I love you, I love you," she murmured, looking back at the man who was going to fight, perhaps to die for her. Incoherent prayers poured from her white lips as she heard the harsh bark of the rifles behind her. She could see the Gurkas crouched low behind the meager shelter of the sparse underbrush and the black forms of the junglies maddened by her pos- 