56 She Had to Play the Lead found out that this was a fake star they were displaying. But they had made certain precautions through their friends and confederates which mini- mized the chances of detection. Green was true to the descriptions they had received of him. He was a tall, red- haired man of great physical strength and imperious temper. But just as Mary Gray feared him for his mask of kindliness, so did this plotting trio be- cause he did not show his hand. It was plain that the proposition must come from Steve. Like most rich men, Green would sit back and let the other fellow put his cards on the table. "Good God, Nell," he said a little later after one of these long silences on Green's part, "I believe he's peeved be- cause we don't leave him alone with the kid. What about it? Can you see she doesn't queer us?" Nell was very kindly and sympathetic as she drew Mary to a corner and gave her some instructions. "Evidently he wants to talk to you alone. Now don't you be nervous. If he starts to talk about your company tell him you leave all business to your father. All you do is live for Art. Rita had that in an interview I read only last week. You have got to look pretty. If you do what we want you'll be in luck." For some reason or other Mr. Green behaved exceedingly well. That he ad- mired her the girl knew instinctively. Men had looked at her with admiration long before Mr. Burke induced her to leave her home for a film career. Frank- ly, she was afraid of this man, who chose to show her the deference and chivalry that was not in his nature. If Steve thought his reputation bad there was no doubt about it. A dozen times she had heard him say that Rufus Green was a "bad actor." The family, servants and guest re- tired early. Nell and Steve were grati- fied to hear Green say that although he had known Rita Duval for a long time on the screen and in illustrated maga- zines, he had underestimated her charm. The self-styled Rita smiled charming- ly, but she avoided the intense, burn- ing glance he threw at her as she went up the winding stairway. And she was angry that she could not find it in her heart to dislike him. But she knew that the men who had the greatest success with women never showed their true selves to their victims until too late. It wasn't fair, she told herself, that he should be the very type she had always admired. "Now, Mr. Duval," said Rufus Green, looking at that smiling gentle- man with scrutiny that was disturbing, "shall we talk business? I'm curious to know a great many things. These let- ters I wrote to your daughter, for in- stance--you must know a man can't re- member everything he puts in things of that sort." "But you meant 'em, eh?" said Steve. "I mean everything I write," said Rufus Green. "And you won't go back on your word?" Steve tried not to seem anxious. "What I agree to do I carry out," said Green with a snap of his strong jaw. "Make your proposition, Mr. Du- val." Steve was a clever talker. It was his strongest asset. He proved conclusive- ly that if Mr. Green backed his daugh- ter in her own producing company the scheme would pay a hundred per cent. He talked with a fluency that was im- pressive. Evidently Mr. Green thought so, too, for he smiled. "I'll sleep over it," he said at length. Chapter III When Duval returned to the matter at breakfast he found the capitalist still enthusiastic. 