6 No Place for Husbands He became aware of it first at a Sat- urday evening dance at the Long Hills Country Club. Mingling among the smart crowd on the clubhouse veranda, John was introduced by a neighbor, with slightly malicious aforethought, to a nineteen-year-old flapper named Gladys Greyson. Gladys possessed a long, slender chassis, black curly bobbed hair, flirty eyes, and a weakness for good-looking men older than herself. She had ab- sorbed two rather hefty slugs of gin out of her last partner's flask. "I bet you shake a mean toddle, Mr. Harlan," she gushed, immediately upon sizing him up as a new and excellent prospect. "Come on--le's go." A negro band, imported from Broad- way, was emitting spasms of synco- pated din. Gladys tugged at John's elbow; she placed an expectant arm about his shoulder. He felt that there was no help for it. So he danced. As they wove in and out over the crowded floor, Gladys rested a flushed cheek against his chin, and John won- dered if she intended to fall asleep in his arms. Then he caught a glimpse of Margery dancing sedately with a white-haired gentleman. And the eyes of Margery were upon Gladys and Gladys' partner, and the eyes were quite horrified and reproachful. Margery said nothing about it until she and John were preparing for bed early Sunday morning. "Did you enjoy your dance with Miss Greyson, John?" she asked inno- cently. "Can't say that I did," he answered promptly. "She was half boiled." He wondered why his wife had taken the trouble to discover the flapper's name. There were several other occasions: He, of necessity, held Polly Armitage's hands while he was teaching her the proper way to grasp a niblick, and a troubled, reproachful look came into the eyes of Margery, who was standing near. He had discussed investments with rich, vivacious Mrs. Paton in a rather dark corner of the clubhouse veranda, because there were no vacant chairs anywhere else, and Margery, discover- ing them, had betrayed by her manner that she thought they were talking something less impersonal than bonds. It dawned upon John that his wife was jealous in a vague, well-bred way of any woman who paid unusual atten- tion to him. She seemed to feel that he needed protection against their de- signs, real or fancied. Not that Mar- gery's solicitude made him impatient. He loved her the more for it and vowed that he would not cast as much as an appraising glance at another woman, even though flapperdom's loveliest were to toss themselves at his curly black head. CHAPTER IV John Harlan had bad news. He hadn't possessed the nerve to spring it upon Margery at dinner the evening previous. They had not spent a single night apart since their wedding, and he knew that she would feel as badly about it as he did. So he saved the news for breakfast, when the necessity of mak- ing his train would get it over with quickly. "I've got to take a little trip to Cali- fornia soon, Margery, dear," he said across the table to her as casually as possible. "Why, John, are you ill?" alarmed. "Oh, no--business. One of our big subsidiaries, the Pacific Fruit Com- pany, is to be reorganized. Somebody from the office has to be on the spot to handle the thing. Your father doesn't feel equal to the trip, so I'll have to tackle it. I'm awfully sorry." Margery told herself firmly that she was no weepy Victorian bride. 