16 Love in the Jungle and then through the lifting smoke the girl saw Rani fleeing from the room. Rhoda's brain was reeling. She stag- gered against the wall, the gun fell from her rigid, nerveless fingers and when she raised her hand to the burning pain in her arm, she took it away red with dripping blood. For a moment, she fought for her self control. How still it was! Why had no one come at the report of the gun; it had not even wakened her fath- er. How fearfully silent the night was! Then she remembered her arm, she must wash it out and bind up the wound; she must call the boy to have him bring her some warm water. The punkah walla or the chokidar must hear her. She raised her voice calling for the boy, but no one came to her. She sank into a chair and bunching the folds of her kimona against her bleeding arm, sobbed forlornly. She heard her name called from the doorway and looking up saw Das, the Bengalee. "Can I be of any assistance, Miss Waler?" he inquired, coming toward her. Rhoda stared at him, bewildered. How had he come there? Had he heard the shot? "I was just on my way to warn you; you must leave here immediately," he said, answering her unspoken question; then noting her pallor and the blood- stained kimona, he bent over her. "You have been wounded, hurt," he cried sharply. "I said you were not to be injured," he broke off abruptly, under his breath. "Please send one of the servants for the doctor," said Rhoda weakly. "Your servants have all run away. Miss Waler--and the doctor as well; the village is entirely deserted. You had better let me help you bind up your arm and then come, too." He moved into the dining room, tak- ing a napkin from the drawer of the dinner wagon and filling a finger bowl with water from the filter; then he came back to the girl and pulling back the sleeve of her kimona, bathed the ugly, gaping cut. "It's only a flesh wound," he said, working with almost frenzied haste. Rhoda was too dizzy to make the slightest resistance, but his touch filled her with antagonism. He bound up her arm with his handkerchief. "There is not a moment to be lost, Miss Waler," he said, "the junglies are coming--they will be here, perhaps, within an hour. You must not remain here." His excited manner left Rhoda con- temptuously cool. "I could not think of leaving my father," she answered, "he is ill." "You do not realize," Das cried, "thousands of them will pour in by dawn. Even I can not say to what ex- tremes they will go; they get drunk and there is no controlling them." His eyes glazed with fear, "they burn, kill, de- stroy most horribly. They have sworn vengeance on your father--and you are his daughter." "My father must go also, then," said Rhoda. "Thousands of them," Das raved on, "moving silently as the tiger through the jungle. Come, there is not a minute to waste--I alone can save you, they will not harm me. Come!" He laid his hand eagerly on the girl's arm. "No," she cried, flinging off his hold. Her thoughts flew to Goring. "There are Gurkas here, we shall not be hurt." "Gurkas," he sneered, "six against six thousand. Do you think they are so mad as to face certain death? They have heard and seen what happened to the police at Peripadar; they, too, will flee and leave you." "They will not do that," Rhoda said 