38 A Dead Man's Business into the parlor--a dark room with a dark lot of furniture--an organ--a "stand"--and a vase of glass roses. Mrs. Pinkus went into a room farther back, and presently returned with a small wad of velvet. "He wrote on a paper that Letty should have this," she explained as she untied it. "I guess she just struck him. When he died he was holdin' a flower of hers." And then, on the dull velvet square, she suddenly disclosed the jewel like a drop of flame. The Kid leaned forward and ex- claimed sharply. "God, look at it!" he whispered. "What's the thing made of?" Gingerly he touched it--then picked it up in his fingers. "We put it under Letty's spy glass," Mrs. Pinkus volunteered, "and it burns you to look at it." She watched nervously as the Kid fingered it, and tears came up in her eyes. "It seems like it can't be real," she quavered--"that just for that there little thing I needn't be workin' so hard all the time, and my Letty havin' some dresses and pretties. She's such a good girl, it's right that she should, but I never thought she'd get it in this world. Folks don't. Ain't it wonderful? We always been just--" "Did he leave any clothes?" Billy interrupted; "or some papers? Where did they take him?" "They took him away," Mrs. Pinkus replied, "all the sailors did, some place. I'll put this here thing back, and get you the address." She tied up the velvet and left them a minute, then brought back a paper widi the address of a sailor's home. "That's all I can tell you," she said. "It was heart trouble, terrible sudden and nobody with him. They proved it was his writin' on the paper to Letty, then took him away, and that's all I can tell you." Billy thanked her--she patted his shoulder and told him she felt for him --left all alone-- "--and I hope there's no hard feelin' for Letty," she added. "It may look like't ought to been yours, but of course a man's last dyin' wish is what God means should happen." Half an hour later Billy and the Kid stopped at Cuff's corner for beer. The place was deserted. They took the last table, and Billy sat with his back to the door. They finished their beer and their sandwich-on-rye, then Billy shoved the crumbs and the glasses aside, and from inside his coat brought out that little bunch of velvet--untied it, and against the gray of everything else old Bill's wonderful stone quivered like the drop of a soul. The Kid brought his breath sharply through his teeth, and reached out to take it. but Billy with slim fingers sim- ply slid the radiant thing out of sight. "Of course old Bill was no uncle of yours," he remarked. The Kid sniffed. "Don't worry," he said shortly. "I ain't pickin' no dead man's pockets, and what's more you ain't goin' to get away with it, neither." Billy made a queer noise in his throat. "What 'cha mean?" he laughed. "I 'spose I'll have ghosts runnin' after me." The Kid rolled a cigarette and tapped it on his finger. "I don't know nothin' about ghosts," he said. "But I'm tellin' you one thing I never been fooled on. The last thing a man wants, he's goin' to get! The old lady was right. I ain't much on re- ligion, but a dyin' man's wish is what God wants should happen. It may be damn long or damn short till it's fixed, but you can't get away with no dead man's business." 