Love in the Jungle 9 --the insinuation of trouble in what the Bengalee had told her and her father's outspoken hint came forcibly to her. The lantern light flashed on thin, black limbs and then Rhoda was able to distinguish a half a dozen coolies, some babus, their shirt-tails hanging loose, a little man in European clothes and Ga- nesh Das. "Good evening, Miss Waler," the Bengalee said courteously. The little Parsee raised the queer, stiff, black cap he wore and bowed deeply. "Mr. Waler has returned," he said. "May we see him?" Rhoda heard her father's voice be- hind her. "Well," he snapped irritably, "what's the row now?" "These junglies report," said Das, pointing to the coolies, naked except for a strip of loin cloth, their long black hair lying on their shoulders or twisted into a pug at the back of the neck, "that Peripadar, three miles away, has just been looted and burned." "The Knot has been sent here, sir," the Parsee added. His face was drawn with fear and his limbs shook. Groans of abject terror rose from the group about him; the store babu, his eyes bulging, wrung his hands; the doc- tor babu clutched his orange cashmere shawl about him, shivering miserably. "So the Knot has been sent here, eh?" Waler repeated thoughtfully. "You're sure, Pestonjee?" "Absolutely certain, sir," the little Parsee quavered. "These coolies of mine have told me five police also, sir, have been killed. Miss Waler, if I may be excused, should on no account re- main here." Waler chewed viciously at the ragged end of his gray moustache. Then he turned to his daughter. "You must not be alarmed, my dear," he said, his eyes blazing contemptuously. "These people are the most wretched, whining, ex- citable cowards on earth. Sure, Peston- jee." he sneered, "it was only five po- lice, not twenty-five, they killed?" "Positively, sir," returned the Parsee, "the brother of this man here saw three of them lying dead in the bazaar with their throats cut from ear to ear. I assure you, sir, the mawaris all fled, taking their families with them, but one who stayed behind was driven into his house with his wife and children and the place burnt about them." Beads of sweat stood out on the forehead of the little man; he was spokesman for the others, who shuddered at the tale. "They broke into the treasury of the Maharajah and took a lak of rupees," Pestonjee hurried on, "and we have several thousands in the safe to pay off the coolies." Throughout all the excited, high- pitched talk Ganesh Das stood slightly aside, a superior smile on his lips as if in this crisis to emulate the poise and calm of the white man. "The station babu," Pestonjee went on, "has taken his family to hide in the jungle." He gazed again significantly at the girl, then his own anxiety re- overwhelming him, he mopped his head. "The money, sir--what is to be done about that? They know I have it here --if I hide it they will torture me till I give it up." "Shut up your infernal whimpering," snarled Waler. "Go back to your quarters, you'll be safe enough." He paused dramatically. "I've wired for help already. There will be troops here on a special tonight." The relief of Pestonjee and the babus was not less extreme than had been their distress. They began chattering eagerly, gesticulating wildly, their teeth gleaming in smiles of satisfaction. Only the Bengalee seemed unmoved, and Rhoda, glancing down curiously at this demonstration of unrepressed emotion, saw again on his face that malevolent 