120 The Fool darker, were searing into her very soul. "Young friend of ours," he drawled carelessly, "poor Roy Trafford! Hmmm. Got badly caught on some stock, I hear. Must have got things mixed up, somehow. He's usually pas- sably shrewd!" He paused deliberately, and how she held up she didn't know. She felt her heart almost stop and her face go death- ly white and cold. Her muscles con- tracted and her fingers stiffened into taut fists as she hid them in the folds of her wrap: "Re--really?" she asked, her voice sounding very faint and uanatural to her. Her husband rose, stretched again, and informed her that he thought he'd take a bit of a nap before dinner came around. Then, as if he had suddenly remembered: "Oh, Trafford? . . . Yes--yes, it's the truth. Poor chap. Bungled every- thing. Lost every penny he owned as well as a lot he had borrowed on notes, I believe. Ah, I heard that he sud- denly quit town--had to, I guess, wasn't healthy for him! . . . Too bad--yes, too bad. Feel very sorry, especially as --ah--especially as I had rather a good day of it myself, you know!" But she didn't hear a word he said-- or she hardly cared, for the moment, whether he knew it or not. His back was turned and she watched him dazed- ly, feeling as if she would like to spring on him and tear him to the ground, if for no other reason than to give vent to her disappointment! Roy--Roy had failed. Something had gone wrong. He was a fugitive. Their dream was over. God -- dear God, what agony! ... At the door her husband turned. "Oh, Irene," he called out, his voice peculiarly quiet. She looked up. His face was no lon- ger calm and serene and--stupid. In- stead, there was an expression of de- moniacal cunning and fiendish satisfac- tion in his every feature that caused her to unconsciously shudder: "By the way," he drawled, his every word a slow and poignant sting, "I be- lieve that I indulged in my old habit of talking in my sleep last night, didn't I? . . . But never mind now, dear girl; I'll speak of that later, after my little nap--about that and several other little matters that I want settled up!" With a cruel smile and low laugh he was gone--and with him, Irene knew, was gone her lover as well as the hus- band who had formerly been at least available as a means of support! Fool--fool? . . . God! She was the fool! . . . My Friend By Karl R. Coolidge I HAVE always felt that Tom was my best friend. Only the other day I, as a married man, gave him a few instructions about the proper procedure in making love to a woman. Today I find that Tom used this information so successfully that he has persuaded my wife to elope with him. Now I know that Tom is my best friend. 