The Comet and the Star By Louise Winter NEVA LLOYD stepped from the dramatic stage, where she had won an enviable position as a promising young actress, to the screen, and in less than six months she had firmly established herself in the front ranks of moving-picture favorites, but Tom Collinge became famous overnight. Collinge was an automobile salesman and, for a bet, he drove one of the firm's cars in a sensational race from Niagara Falls to New York. Camera men snapped him up along the route, and when he made a spectacular finish at Columbus Circle he good-naturedly consented to pose so that the public could get a glimpse of his handsome face decorated with a broad smile of triumph. A motion-picture director happened to be passing and seeing young Col- linge's possibilities offered him a stag- gering sum to do a picture. Collinge laughed at the offer. "Quit your fooling," he said, shaking his curly head. "I don't know the first thing about acting!" "You don't have to," returned Hyams promptly. "You haven't a trace of self- consciousness and you're a type that screens well." Collinge frowned. He saw that the man was in earnest, but it seemed to him that it was rather a contemptible thing to make money by your personal appearance and not by hard work. "Couldn't think of it," he said, and this time his voice contained conviction. That night, however, when he and the only girl in the world were dining at Shanly's to celebrate his victory, he re- lated the occurrence. "And the man was so persistent that I had to promise to think it over be- fore I could get rid of him," he con- cluded. Elsie Collinge's eyes opened to their widest extent. "Who was he?" she asked quickly. "Albert Hyams." Collinge tossed over a card. "Ever hear of him?" He liked the pictures well enough, but Elsie was a fan. She nodded. "He's Neva Lloyd's director, and what he says with the Paradox people goes," she explained, and there was a slight trace of awe in her voice. "Neva Lloyd!" Collinge chuckled. "Hyams said he wanted me in her new picture." Elsie leaned forward. Suddenly she saw possibilities in the offer. "And what did you say?" she demanded. "Say? Why, I said no, of course. You wouldn't want me to be a movie actor, would you?" "They get awfully big salaries." Collinge's face fell. "Perhaps, but is money everything? I'm making five thousand a year with the Stone people, and we get along pretty well on that." "You could make fifty thousand just as easily." "By selling myself." He was disap- pointed in Elsie. He had related the incident, thinking that she would see the joke as he had seen it. He had never dreamed that she would wish him to consider such an offer. 107 