48 Whose Was the Hand? left the wife to what might be the watches by the dead--or, might not! Eleanor looked at the invalid. A big man, with evidences of having been a handsome one. His hair, longer than he wore it when in health, curled over the broad, white brow. The regular features had already settled, it seemed to her, into the peace of death. For a few minutes the wife sat very still on her elevated seat, the restora- tives within easy reach, the flame of the spirit lamp under the bubbling liquid turned to its lowest. Her mind, a va- grant wanderer, swept the past five years of her married life. Two had been of ecstatic bliss--for with all her heart and soul, her jealous heart, her fiery soul, she had loved the man she married. The third had been clouded by the fear that his passion was dying, the fourth darkened by the certainty that her fears were realized, the last had been aflame with anguish and fury when she knew that he had, for two years, been absorbed, at inter- vals with Marion Beresford. Marion, younger than herself, beautiful, bril- liant, intellectual, a woman who laughed at convention, yet of whom the world spoke kindly. One man, she remem- bered, had called the lovely and daring young widow a reincarnation of As- pasia! And Eleanor, who was not men- tally endowed, whom books other than the lightest fiction bored, had grown to know that whole tracts of her hus- band's mind were unexplored, as far as her researches went--that he knew things, thought of things, was inter- ested in things whose very names were meaningless to her ears. Once, she had been content that her beauty enthralled him. Now, she was jealous of his thoughts. His illness had given her a ferocious joy. His mistress could not penetrate the fastnesses of the home of her lov- er's wife. From the day on which the epidemic had smitten him down, he had been her own, her very own. The nurse first chosen had been dismissed on a clumsy pretext because she had been professionally authoritative and had tried to bar the wife on the plea that her visits sent up the patient's tem- perature! The little one who had fi- nally pleased her was less experienced, more docile. And now, with the night falling about her, with the doors closed, he was her own--while he lived. Of his death, she thought quite calm- ly. A grave that she could visit daily, that she could keep beautiful with flow- ers, making it a monument to her own devotion--that would be peace, almost bliss, compared to the Dejanira robe of flame in which she would see his first convalescent strength employed--to call on Marion Beresford! No, she was de- termined. She had saved the officious little nurse from subjecting her to that renewal of torture. A flame swept over her at the thought of Marion, watching for his car, Marion, flying down the steps to meet him, Marion, drawing him with both hands into her flower-filled room, and inducting him into her deep- est chair, Marion, offering restoratives, Marion, smiling, kneeling beside him, lifting her face--! The wine and the extract under her hand should remain untouched. The painless passing that meant peace to him, and to her own soul, should not be interfered with, nor delayed. But, that the little blue-eyed nurse might not suspect, the alcohol in the lamp should burn itself out, and, when the gray morning dawned, she would throw away the beef tea and the right quan- tity of champagne. To know just what that quantity should be, she must, every thirty seconds, pour out half a teaspoon- ful, and put it into the glass. The night was cold, but the furnace was, of course, kept going, and an 