Her Friend, the Burglar ByParker Howard With a hope- less shake of her blonde bobbed head, Doris Lawton reluctantly hid the fascinating style-book in the drawer of her type- writer desk. It alluringly offered "the latest Fifth avenue fashions, direct from designer to you, without the trouble and expense of a shopping trip to the city." Doris sighed as she assaulted the keys of her machine. She copied her notes mechanically, with never a thought of the sense of what she was typing. "It's positive cruelty to females to offer flapper finery so reasonably," she mused; "especially when said females don't happen to have the price!" Doris did not happen to have any- where near that sum. Shoes and stock- ings and silken things--dresses and par- asols--hats and handkerchiefs--and a vanity-case! Doris needed them all. Here it was July and she had been able to save almost nothing against the sunshiny days of her approaching vaca- tion. Of course, the three weeks' salary she would receive before leaving the office, would pay her board and rail- road fare to and from the modest resort she had chosen. But there was prac- tically nothing for clothes--and without clothes. Doris felt, she might just as well stay at home. For months she had practiced count- less little econo[m]ies and the strictest self-denial. But her salary was smaller than the small town in which she was employed and the net result was dis- couraging. Butterfly luncheons, instead of the nourishing grub her health de- manded, had fattened her purse but little more than her body, and she found her wardrobe all too slender for the requirements of dances and drives and beach and boating parties. Her deep blue eyes habitually flashed a keen intelligence, but now they were on the verge of tears, and the cupid's bow of her lips was distorted into a pout. It was unfair, she felt. Only the day before, she had drawn a number of checks from the private check-book of her boss to pay milliners and modistes and specialty shops for the wealth of wearing apparel his wife and daughter had ordered. There was nothing of the bolshevist about Doris. Mr. Kenyon was a rich man and it was only right that he should be generous with his family. Yet it did seem hard that they should have so much, when she required, comparatively, so little. Bravely she tried to put the idea out of her head, and for several minutes her slender fingers hammered at the keys industriously. Then she made sure there were no mistakes in her mail, and, gathering the letters and envelopes into a neat pile, went toward the private office. And all of a sudden her heart went pit-a-pat. A half smile crept over her pretty features and almost as quickly faded as she hesitated outside the frosted glass door. Was she a coward. she wondered--would she have the 95 