"Till Death Us Do Part" 69 (He takes two railroad tickets from his pocket and gives one of them to May. May puts it in the suit-case.) May: You bought two tickets! You were mighty sure of me! Hamilton : I had a right to be! May: Thank God you came for me, Lem-- thank God you came! {She throws her arms about the man's neck and kisses him.) Hamilton : We'll be married in Greenville, and you'll never be sorry for it, I swear it! Quickly, now! (He looks off through the house- door. May begins feverishly to put the last things in the suit-case and to close it.) May: This scarf won't go in. Hamilton : Give it here, I'll put it in my pocket. (He takes the red scarf and thrusts it in his pocket. May closes the suit- case and fastens it.) May: I'll get my hat; I'll follow you right along. Hamilton : I'll be at the top of the falls. May: I'll meet you there! (Hamilton kisses her again and then hurries out through the house-door. May, happy, excited, runs into the bed- room. Jim Raxter comes out of the closet at rear. He is breathing hard and his stolid features are white and drawn. He moves swiftly and silently to the table, opens the suit-case, re- moves the railroad ticket, then closes the suit-case again and fastens it. He hesitates a second as he looks tozvard the bed-room, then pulls himself to- gether and goes out quickly through the house-door. May re-enters from the bed-room, wearing a large lace hat adorned zuith flowers. She is singing gayly. Granny enters at the house-door.) Granny : My tables are spread and the preach- er's waiting! And now you've got the true bride-spirit, May! May: Yes, now I've got the true bride- spirit! Oh, Granny, I'm the happiest girl on all Little River! Granny : Now I know you and Jim are going to be happy! May: I'm going to be the happiest wife in the world, Granny! I want you to re- member I said hit. Granny: I reckon the boys didn't find Jim in the closet, did they? May: In the closet? Granny: Jim was hiding from the boys in the closet. {She goes up to the closet and opens the door.) No--he's gone. May: (Her gayety falling from her like a cloak as sudden fear grips her heart.) When--when was Jim in the closet? Granny: A few minutes back. What's the matter, child, you're as white as a sheet! 