She Had to Play the Lead 55 "Miss Rita," said Sam, with an exag- gerated air of respect, "here's Mr. Ru- fus Green come a day before we ex- pected him. Your paw and maw will be tickled." He turned to the other man, "Mr. Green, sir, I don't have to intro- duce you to Miss Rita Duval, the Non- pareil star." "No," said Mr. Green, removing his hat, "I have seen her a hundred times already." He gripped her hand hard. Even in that moment of depression Mary was relieved to find him better looking than she had expected. From his reputation she imagined Green would be coarser, harder, less gentle. But, she reflected, a man with his looks and assumed man- ners would be all the more difficult to deal with. Could she, the girl wondered, lead him on to give money to this pre- cious pair who held her in bondage? Or would she be able to make her es- cape before that dreaded moment? "You must let me help you," Green said courteously, taking her arm. "Thank you," she returned stiffly, "I am perfectly capable of walking." "But you just fainted," he protested. "That was from overwork," Sam in- terjected. "A star like Miss Duval has to work awful hard." "I suppose so," said Mr. Green slow- ly. "Indeed yes," Sam continued, evi- dently fearing the agitated girl would not keep up the deception sufficiently well. "That's why Mr. Duval and her mother want her to have her own com- pany. Rita Duval is a big drawing card, as you know." Sam winked, but the darkness did the action. He did not let go of the girl's arm. She felt utterly powerless and hopeless, very weak and small and friendless. Her heroines on the screen would no doubt know how to act, but she was without inspiration. All she knew was that the con- spiracy was involving her and the scene she was to play was close at hand. Only once in the long walk to the house did Green speak. "You expected me tomorrow then?" "Why, yes, Mr. Green," Sam an- swered. "You sent a telegram. Made good connections, I suppose?" "That was it," the other man re- turned. Sam would have liked to run on and warn his fellow crooks but he dared neither release the girl nor entrust her to Green. But it happened that Nell heard his voice, and seeing the tall man by his side guessed what had happened. They received Mr. Green with great cordiality. Again they assumed a dif- ferent bearing and accent. They were no longer Nell and Steve, but the proud parents of a world famous star. "My staff of servants has not yet ar- rived," Steve said, apologizing for the absence of his butler and maids. Mr. Green looked about the great hall and noble stairways with marked inter- est. It was an impressive interior. "What a splendid place!" he ejacu- lated. "Did I understand that you had bought it?" "I'm considering it," Mr. Duval said pompously. "If Rita forms her own company and stays east I shall buy it for her. You will find your room com- fortable, I hope." "You insist on my staying then?" "Absolutely," said Nell. "There's another member of the family who'll be disappointed too, if you don't." She looked across at her supposed daughter and Green followed her gaze. "I guess you two have gotten friendly in your letters." Green thought Rita's blush the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. But he said nothing for a moment. Instead he stood there frowning, and the two watching men, Sam and Steve, quaked a little at his silence. They were play- ing a risky game, and he might have 