90 Lonely Heart "But you're not going?" "Yes, I'm going." "But you don't want to?" She repressed a shudder. "Oh, no --no!" "Then why are you going?" "What else is there to do?" She made a helpless gesture. "Run away," I suggested. She laughed. It was a bitter laugh. It sounded almost hideous coming from one so young. "Run away?" Her lips twisted into a cynical smile. "And where would I go? To some home for Helpless Girls where they wear horri- bly clean brown dresses and eat por- ridge and have to listen to lectures by goggle-eyed old men who aren't good enough to kiss a snake? Holy God, no! Poverty is bad enough--but that!" "How old are you?" I asked. "Sixteen," came the answer. Six- teen! And I wondered if ever she had been a child, if ever sweet laughter had brushed her pale little lips, if ever her bitter heart had leaped joyously at the call of Spring, when the heaths are sprayed with wild roses. "Surely in all London there is some place for you to go," I ventured. "Don't you know some kind people who--" "Kind people?" she burst forth in tones that were worse than gall, "Are there any kind people? Anyway, my father would follow me. You don't know him. And--and it may not be so bad, it--" She stopped suddenly. "What do you mean, ‘it may not be so bad'?" I asked. "To go away with him. He may do whatever he likes," she said softly, "but I will be untouched. ..." It seemed suddenly as if the light from one of those stars in the window caught the gleam of her eyes. "I shall not be his --never--never--never!" "There must be some way to save you from such a fate, "I said at length, des- perately. "What of this man, the one you used to meet?" "That is what I can't understand. I've seen him twice since that night when he told me we must never see each other again, but was only able to speak to him one time for a few sec- onds. It is not like him." "There is . . ." she whispered, "I knew that there was a way when I saw you at Olaf Bjorn's. Won't you take me away with you?" I could not answer; I didn't know what to say. "I will think it over and--" "It may be too late!" she cried pit- eously. "Oh, take me away--take me away!" She had fallen on her knees before me, her white hands clutching mine. Her uplifted eyes made my heart ache. "I will!" I cried impulsively. "I'll make arrangements tomorrow for us to cross the Channel and go to Paris. I will put you in safe hands in Paris." She was sobbing. I lifted her head. "Child, child," I said, "you mustn't cry. I'll meet you to morrow night at the entrance of the alley about nine o'clock." "Something may happen before then," she whispered. "I hardly think so. Try to control yourself. I must hurry. Your father might find us here. Which way do I go?" She got up. I followed her into the adjoining apartment which, as the other room, was gray and squalid and pov- erty-ravished. The reek and filth of it almost nauseated me. "You will have to drop from this window into the alley," she said, indi- cating a shattered window casement. "It is the alley that you first came in to." Half over the sill I paused. "Good night, Clelia," I said, taking 