ADVERTISING You Too can have that soft~~Rosy Velvety Complexion Your Complexion Mars or Makes Your Appearance This great beauty marvel has instantly produced a sensation. Stubborn cases have been cured that baf- fled physicians for years. You have never in all your life used anything like it. Makes muddy com- plexions, red spots, pimples, blackheads, eruptions vanish almost like magic. No cream, lotion, enamel, salve, plaster, bandage, mask, massage, diet, or ap- paratus, nothing to swallow. It doesn't matter whether or not your complexion is "awful," whether your face is full of muddy spots, peppery black- ads, embarassing pimples and eruptions, or wheth- er your skin is rough and "porey",and you've tried almost everything under the sun to get rid of the blemishes. This wonderful treatment in just 10 days, positively beautifies your skin in a marvelous way. Blemishes Removed Quickly and Permanently You look years younger. It gives the skin the bloom and tint of purity of a freshly-blown rose. In ten days you can be the subject of wild admiration by all your friends, no matter what your age or con- dition of health. All methods now known are cast aside. Your face, even arms, hands, shoulders, are beautified beyond your fondest dreams. All this I will absolutely prove to you before your own eyes in your mirror in 10 days. This treatment is very pleasant to use. A few minutes every day does it. Let me tell you about this really astounding treat- ment free. You take no risk--send no money--just your name and address and I will give you full par- ticulars by next mail--Free. PEARL LA SAGE, Inc. Suite 744 , 4325 Drexel Blvd., Chicago 10-Piece Manicuring Set $1. Including Glad Hand Makes Nails Healthy Whatever else you use for your nails you need Gladhand Nail Health, too. It not only smooths and softens the cuticle, facilitating its removal without cutting, but is a treatment for ridged, fluted, cracked, or discolored nails. Imparts an enameled finish that stays on despite washings. Gladhand is but one of the desirable products in this remarkably complete, though inexpensive outfit. It contains every requisite for 100 complete mani-cures, including Gladhand Nail Health, nail enamel, nail bleach, chamols buffer, nail file. etc. You may have Gladhand Nail Health alone in large jar for 25 cents, postpaid. Or entire set sent in serviceable telescope box. postpaid, for $1.00. Guaranteed satis-factory--or money refunded. This introductory offer soon to be withdrawn. Order today. IVORY MANICURE SPECIALTY CO., 852 Broadway, 103A. Brooklyn. N.Y. SEX KNOWLEDGE A 276 page illustrated book which gives all the sex in- formation you should have in a wholesome and clean way. Sent prepaid in plain wrapper, for 85c. MODERN BOOK CO., Dept. 1205, 32 Union Sq., N. Y. C. Don't Marry Until You Read These Private Lessons On SEX FORCE To anyone contemplating marriage, the great value of these wonderful lessons on Sex Force can not be overestimated. Sex Force is the most vital power of attraction. When properly understood and con-trolled, as these lessons dearly teach, it makes men noble, virile, and attractive; women beautiful, sweet and lovable, and paves the way for happy marriages. These private lessons now for the first time published in book form, impart sex secrets that every man and wo-man should know. It is the only work published that breaks down the criminal silence concerning Sex--that rises above hypocrisy and divests the subject of all uncleanliness. Priceless Truths You Should Know Chapters covering Preparations for Entering Wedlock; Important Problems of the newly married: Duties of Hus- band and Wife: Secrets of Sex-Anatomy; Sex Physiology and Psychology; Sex Control; Sex Morality: Evolution of Marriage; Fall and Rise of Woman; Mistakes of the Bride Groom; Unusual Theories of Sex-Life; Standards of Sex- Morality; and hundreds of special subjects that every young man, young woman, young husbands and wives, fathers, mothers and teachers should know. Special NOW for a short time only, these remarkable private lessons will be sent to any ad- dress prepaid for only $1.10. Endorsed by highest author-ities--educators, clergymen, doctors, Order today. Your money refunded if you are not more than satisfied. FREE Send at once for large folder giving full description and table of contents. But to be sure of securing your copy of Private Lessons --Send your remittances of $1.10 now--TODAY. ADVANCED THOUGHT PUBLISHING CO. Dept. 548 904 Masonic Temple Chicago, Ill. Write the Words for a Song. We revise poems, write music and guarantee to secure pub-lication. Submit poems on any subject. BROADWAY STUDIOS 120D Fitzgerald Bldg., Broadway at 43rd St., New York "I'M a little blue tonight," the pretty cabaret dancer told Knowland, seeing at a glance he was a small- town man "I used to gather daisies, and carry milk in, and feed the chickens." She broke off with a little laugh that held a note of weariness in it. "I thought you were from out of town and lonely, too, that's why I joined you." Of course Knowland did not guess that she usually began this way with his type. He forgot Helena waiting for him at home. "A Bit of Crochet," by Hale Merriman, is the story of Knowland, Helena his wife, and the dancer who used to gather daisies, and will be published in the June SAUCY STORIES. In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES 