98 Her Friend, the Burglar Vaguely, as though it were far away, she heard a masculine ejaculation of astonishment. It seemed as though a tiny shaft of light were prying into her face, but it faded as her eyes opened again, and she could see nothing but the shadowy outlines of the desks and furniture of the office. For a time she knew nothing at all. Then, raising herself on her elbow, she became aware of someone moving in- side the vault. There was someone standing close to her! She could hear quick breathing and the scraping sound of file cases being opened and shut. The little shaft of white light was also playing inside the big safe. Somewhat indistinctly, Doris saw a hand draw a bundle from a drawer. Then the searchlight snapped off again, and she felt a desire to scream. A dark figure was bending over her, and now a hand touched her wrist. It lingered a moment, as though feeling her pulse, and then rested directly over her heart. "Narrow squeeze," she heard a voice murmur. "She'll be all right though, now that the door's open." The figure rose and stepped from the vault, pausing only a moment in the outer office. "Lucky all around!" she caught an amused chuckle, and shuddered lest the man--for it must be a man she heard--should approach her again. Surely he could not think her dead, but he evidently meant to leave her there as she was without even giv- ing first aid. That could only mean that he was thoroughly unscrupulous. As consciousness fully returned, she con- sidered herself lucky that he did not attempt to harm her. But even in that moment, despite her apprehension, she was stirred by the loyalty she owed to Mr. Kenyon. Forgotten for the moment was his re- fusal to lend her the money for which she had asked--unthought of was the danger of her position, alone in the building with this burglar. If she could only get to the telephone switchboard and give the warning of his presence! And then she wondered why the burg- lar alarm had not notified the Police De- partment. In a flash, she understood. The storm that had put out the lights must have disconnected the system. Otherwise, the raised window, which she could see at the opposite end of the room, would have sent the message of the man's en- trance over the wires. Cautiously, and scarcely daring to breathe, Doris sat up. Steadying her- self with one hand, she attempted to rise. Just what she was going to do, she was not sure, but that she must do something was certain. If she could prevent it, the thief should not get away with whatever he had taken. She did not think there was much of negotiable value in the vault--only a little petty cash and some bonds and stock certifi- cates belonging to Mr. Kenyon. But--it suddenly dawned upon Doris --that this made it all the worse. The theft of those securities might direct suspicion at her. The thought made her cry aloud without considering the con- sequences--and they followed swiftly. "Keep still!" came the peremptory command, and again she saw the white finger of light point in her direction. It blinded her and she blinked her eyes. Evidently she made a sorry picture, for a laugh sounded unpleasantly as the rays of the pocket-light illumined her pale, frightened face. "If you make a move I'll have to hurt you," the man went on. "I don't wantt to shoot unless you force me." "Oh!" gasped Doris and cringed close to the floor. "I don't know who you are, or what you were doing in that vault," continued the burglar. "I never knew that Ken- 