62 The Sting of Victory Irish girl it was Nellie. Black hair, saucy blue eyes, and a dimple in her cheek when she laughed--that was Nel- lie. I liked Nellie--and Nellie seemed to like me--from the very first. "From that night on I took all my meals at the Popiklos Restaurant, and late each night I would drop in for a lunch and then see Nellie home. I didn't like to let Nellie know that I was a detective right away. Some way, I felt it might frighten her, and then she might think me a poor proposition to tie up to--a detective having to lead a fairly roving life, you know. "So I just dawdled along for a couple of weeks, reporting progress back to the Chief in my weekly statements--and real "progress" I was making, too--and finally, one night I put the question squarely up to Nellie and she said she would be mine. "I was the happiest man in Green- vale that night, but after I got back to my room I pulled myself up short and said, ‘Look here, old man, you've been letting this case hang fire while you courted this girl. Get busy now and do something on the job!' "So I apprised Nellie of the nature of my occupation, which she took quite calmly, and began to question her in real earnest, and from points I got out of her I decided the little mint was in the basement. The proprietor, Popi- klos, spent a lot of time down there with his visitors, and while they pretended they were drinking, the party never were really intoxicated. "I made arrangements to change my room to one across the street, which only meant carrying my suitcase a couple blocks, and Nellie agreed to put three catsup bottles in a row in the front window whenever the Greek went out and conditions were favorable for me to examine the basement. "The very first afternoon after I had changed my lodging place, what does Nellie do but come to the window and give me the signal, and over I went to the restaurant. "Nellie was the only waitress on the job at the time, and the cooks being spooning with some policemen, she guided me down into the basement with no one the wiser. "I didn't have to look long to find the coining apparatus. 'Way back in the rear, under some storeboxes, there she was, fine as anything. I tell you I felt a glow of pride. I had found my prey! The quarry was in my hands! "I was as tickled as a kid detective naturally would be over pulling off a stunt like that. In the pride of victory I jerked off my wig, mustache and goatee, and says I, ‘Nellie, you see be- fore you John McManner, some day the world's greatest detective,' just like that. "Nellie threw up her hands, like this, and ‘Oh, My Gawd!' she cries, with a gasp, she was that surprised and dum- founded at the change I had made. ‘This is the last of Pierre Gaspin,' says I, ‘and tonight I'll be back as myself, John McManner, and pull a single- handed pinch that will make the natives open their eyes.' And out I went, to be gone before the Greek got back and suspected something. "About nine o'clock that night, when I saw Popiklos was in his restaurant, I shoved a couple of loaded Colts into my pockets and a brace of handcuffs and walks into Popiklos' place big as life, with the town constable for an aide. "Popiklos stared when he saw me: he knew me right away. ‘Hello, Mc- Manner,' he cries, ‘how are you, and what will you have?" Nellie was standing right there to see me pull the final act. " ‘I'm sorry, Popiklos,' says I, shov- ing the two Colts into his face, ‘but I'll 