Love in the Jungle 17 resolutely, keeping Goring's words in mind, though despite herself her hopes were sinking. Suppose these men should prove faithless, what would be- come of her and her father? "Come with me," the Bengalese pleaded, "and I promise you your father shall not be harmed. If you re- fuse me, his throat shall be slit and this bungalow razed to the ground." His voice and eyes were ugly with pas- sion. "You can not frighten me," said Rhoda, the blood of her fighting fore- fathers stirring in her veins. "We shall not be harmed and I shall not go with you." "You shall," he cried; "you shall come with me and be mine--mine. Even as your father married one of us so shall you marry me, my beautiful." "Leave this house," said the girl, ris- ing unsteadily to her feet. For answer he seized her in his arms, forcing back her head until the cords stood out in her slender throat. In the struggle to free herself the flimsy ki- mona was turn open and she could feel his eyes revelling in her white shoul- ders and arms. "Let me go," she panted. She was weak and dizzy from loss of blood; she swayed in his rough gasp; she felt his passionate kisses burning on her lips. A physical revulsion seized the girl. With one desperate effort she shoved his gloating face from her own and screamed with every ounce of her re- maining strength. The shrill, piercing note reached the drug befuddled senses of the man on the bed in the next room; he stirred uneasily, puzzling over what had awakened him. "My queen, my jewel!" cried the Bengalee. He forced the girl toward the door with him, her slight body crushed in his arms. "Father, father," sobbed the girl; "oh, my God!" The low, despairing cry roused Wa- ler. He stumbled to his feet, trying to place the terrible sound; his shaking hand groped toward his dull, aching head. Then suddenly he remembered Rhoda--it was her voice he ha[d] heard, a woman's scream of terror. He sprang toward the door, tearing down the purdah. For a second he stood, a wild and disheveled figure, the bloodshot eyes glaring in his ghastly, haggard face; then the wasted, ruined manhood with- in him, roused and redeemed, he flung himself on Das, crashing into his face with his great clenched fist and shout- ing curses at him. "Take your hands off my daughter or I'll brain you," he yelled, "you dirty nigger, you." His hands clutched the Bengalee's throat; for a moment they swayed, locked like two jungle beasts. Then the color in Das' face slowly thickened and darkened; he let slip his hold of the girl, his tongue protruded, his blackening lips tried to plead for mercy. "Father," cried Rhoda, "do not kill him." She caught hold of his arm, try- ing to loosen his grip. "Death's too good for him," panted Waler, and catching the Bengalee under the jaw, flung him heavily to the floor. He lay there stunned and bleed- ing. "We must not stay here," cried the girl breathlessly, "the natives are com- ing. He said they would be here in an hour--and kill you." "I'll not run from a cowardly pack of swine," cried Waler violently, "my gun will send a hundred flying; I'll pot them as they come." He laughed wildly then turned sharply to the girl, "this is no place for a woman, Rhoda, you must go. They're ugly brutes," he kicked the Bengalee lying at his feet. Once again the old energy animated him; he shook the grizzled hair out of S.--May--2 