126 Saucy Shots from Studios (Continued from page 124) The American director has his trou- bles, but they're nothing compared to the troubles of a director in a foreign land, according to Herbert Brennon, who has just returned from filming Nero with a cast of several thousand temperamental Italians. He tells us that in the middle of everything, when a scene is in full swing, the players knock off for a siesta of two hours. If, on waking up, they decide it is too hot to work, they plac- idly return to their naps for the rest of the afternoon. The Italian calendar contains so many saints' days, festal days and other holidays that there are only a few left on which to work. "Herb," however, is known to be a hog for hard labor. At 7 a. m.--day- light-saving time--he may be seen over at the studio rehearsing himself in the scenes to be shot that day, taking first one part, then another, making love to himself, embracing himself, hopping about the stage, avoiding chairs that aren't there yet, and pounding imagi- nary tables. By the time everybody has arrived he knows every bit of business to be carried out in every scene. They say that two is company, but Herbert is a one-man company all by himself. No director ever knows just what he's going to be up against. In Her Gilded Cage, Gloria Swanson's next picture, Sam Wood had to direct two snails in action. He had the snails, but he couldn't get the action! There is simply no use in being rough with a snail. If you once get his back up, he isn't good for anything but soup, and even then the soup can be eaten only by people without any imagi- nation. It took two hours of profane silence on the part of Al Gilks, the cameraman, to get a six-foot flash of a snail mara- thon! III Twenty-three cameramen of Hol- lywood have offered to provide Sir Arthur Conan Doyle with any number of spirit pictures for his lectures on the Beyond and Points West. They feel that the pictures of Ectoplasm--which is the new word for a soul in the nude-- are all well enough, but not particu- larly good press-agentry for the Future Life. Some scenes of Souls at Play, on the other hand, would be, as Sherlock Holmes would say, conclusive--a mo- tion picture of the late Anthony Com- stock shimmying, for instance, or some- thing of the sort. Speaking of souls, Estelle Taylor, who plays the cold and alluring vam- pire in Fox's Fool There Was, has re- ceived an invitation from Clivette, "The Man with the Wonderful Hands," famous as a painter of vamps, to come down to The Soul-Light Shrine in Greenwich Village and have her soul painted. Those who used to rest a foot on the brass rail of the Hoffman House bar will remember Clivette's picture of "The Satyr and the Nymphs" which hung above the bartender's head in that old headache-foundry. It is Clivette's daughter who is the reincarnation of Sappho--so she says, and who should know if she doesn't? Arch Reeve, sizable President of the W. M. P. A., has branded as greatly ex- aggerated the report that he personally occupied two boxes at the recent jolli- fication. The rumor that he was to play the title role in Three Gentlemen of Verona is also false, he claims. At this same jollification, Jackie Coogan did the "Chicago" and made a colossal hit, and Ernest Belcher pre- sented a bally good ballet. As Ring Lardner would say: "If these young misses are a fair sample of ballot dan- cers, we see no reason why all women 