She Who Hesitates- ByDorothy Thomson TWO long rows of girls, on opposite sides of mirror- topped dressing-tables. Towels covering careful curls, and fastened at the nape of the neck with safety-pins. Cold-cream in gobs, grease-paint in heavy coatings. Are these hideous, messy creatures the delightful damsels who will presently slither bonelessly upon the stage, chant- ing: "Will you be my Lolly Pop? Sweet, luscious Lolly Pop?" While your heart whirrs like an erratic alarm-clock? It must be so, for here and there beauty is emerging in a cloud of per- fumed powder, excess of which is dusted away with a soft baby-brush. Eyelashes are curled back with black mascara. Little fingers dipped in rouge make rosebuds of pretty mouths. One breathes with relief. Beauty had only been playing at hide-and-seek! Chatter and staccato laughter, the rehashing of an old joke with a new insinuation. And in the middle of one row a very beautiful, very blonde girl with a wistful red mouth and quiet blue eyes. "What's eatin' you, Nita?" demanded her neighbor to the left, and the two girls exchanged friendly glances. They shared a rather shabby apart- ment together, and they were the two very prettiest girls in the entire chorus of a very popular musical revue. And Night and Day were not more different than Cherrie Bouchet and Nita Gilmore. Cherrie's beauty was the sort that struck with swift admiration because of its vividly arresting qualities: flash- ing black eyes, scarlet-splashed, tawny cheeks and bold, white teeth. But Nita's held you silent with its singular white perfection--delicate baby skin, absolute regularity of feature, and shining blonde hair. "Nothing," replied Nita, soft of voice. "At least, I'll tell you after the show, Cherrie." Cherrie thrust her with one of her swift rapier glances, then ducked her head to call to a late arrival, and Nita again lapsed into staring silence until a sharp nudge in her ribs made her jump and "Ouch!" Madge Sexton, big and vulgarly cheerful, grinned at her. "Tryin' to tell your own fortune, baby? Starin' into your hands like they was full of prunes, or promises, or somethin'." "I was thinking of a fairy-tale I heard when I was a kid," replied Nita diffi- dently. "About a fairy that offered a little girl a choice between a thousand years of youth and one day with all the power and wealth of the world in her hands." Madge Sexton's eyes narrowed to understanding shrewdness. "Which did she scrap?" "That," said Nita, wrinkling her delicate brows, "I can't seem to remember." "Holy Pat! Who wants to live a thousand years on this punk map? Say, if she was a wise kid, she ruled the Big Roost for her little day. You take my advice--" she tapped Nita's bare shoulder with a rather heavy forefinger 63 