104 Her Friend, the Burglar boarding-house. There was enough money in the purse the police restored to her to pay her bill at Mrs. Morris' and then slip out of town. Where she would go or what she would do she did not know. Just now her only thought was not to be seen. Doris was angry through and through. Mrs. Kenyon's attitude at the jail still rankled in her breast. The memory of the Police Chief's words also nettled her. He too, believed her guilty. And old Kenyon had only re- fused to prosecute because he knew he could not secure a conviction. She hated them all--hated the town and the job she had lost as well. Hearing her enter the boarding- house, the landlady stepped into the hall and glared at Doris in speechless amaze- ment. "I thought you was in jail!" she sneered. "I'm a lady Jonah and came out of the whale again," Doris said, more amused than annoyed at the absurdly belligerent attitude of the woman. "You've sure been a jonah to me!" bemoaned Mrs. Morris. "To think that a woman o' my reputation--run- nin' a respectable house for years-- should get herself advertised the way I've been today." "I suppose, now that you're a noto- rious character, you'll be going into the movies," Doris taunted. Opening her purse, she took out its slender store of bills. "I'm leaving--tonight," she ex- plained. "Here is what I owe you--" "Till the end of next week," Mrs. Morris reminded her avariciously. "This money ain't--" "No, it's not stolen!" Doris flared. "If you dare suggest such a thing, I'll forget that you're an ugly old woman and slap your face. You're just like the rest of the rubes in this burg. Your ideas are so narrow your brains could be shoved through the eye of a needle without touching its sides!" Mrs. Morris gasped, but subsided, and tucked the money away in her apron. "Oh,-I forgot," she said in an altered tone; "a little boy was here a while ago with a letter for you." She produced a bulky missive and stared at it with all-consuming curiosity. But Doris snatched it from her quick- ly and ran up the stairs to her room. Once behind the locked door, she lit the gas and sat down wearily on the edge of the bed. The writing on the envelope in her hand was not familiar. Then, curiously, her fingers ripped open the flap--and into her lap tumbled a package of bills! Doris stared at them with unbelieving eyes--but the crisp fee! of the bank- notes told her the money was real-- and she turned her attention to the writing. The letter was not signed, but she saw at once that it was from the burglar. Say, Kid, I'm sorry you got jugged for the day, but maybe this little remembrance will make up for that a little bit. If you'd only squealed when I beat it, you wouldn't have been pinched. But you were game--and I've always been a square crook. I'm strong for a good sport--and specially when she's a little pippin like you! You see, Kid, I didn't have the nerz'e to take anything out of the office vault after I found you there. I didn't want you to get the blame, so I put the bonds back and the cash wasn't worth taking anyway. Doris paused and a smile came over her face. All the honest folks thought her beyond the pale, but the burglar- man was lavish in his praise, and gener- ous in his appreciation! After^I made my getaway, I got to thinking what an old skinflint Kenyon is. Nobody but his wife 