114 The Dimpled Dumb-Bell I shall wear the Minibilh turquoise to my grave." He glanced affectionately at the ring as he returned it to his finger. Trip Hagar lost no time in escaping from lower New York Alternately cold with fear lest the old man discover his loss and send out an alarm, and burning with anger toward Dora, who had tricked him and Berlitz who had aided her, he hurried uptown. Undoubtedly, the jew- eler had advised Dora to wait a few days before turning the turquoise over to him. Knowing Dora, Trip was able to antici- pate her actions while the valuable stone was in her possession. She would reason that the ring was safe as long as she kept it and herself out of sight. She would not venture from her room excepting at night, and then only long enough to eat her dinner. During these brief absences she would probably hide the ring in her room rather than on her person. To a casual observer on the subway, Trip was merely an alert young business- man, hastening to a luncheon engagement. But, had it been possible to read Trip's mind, this same observer would have de- tected no intention of wasting time in a restaurant. He was concerned solely with a certain rooming-house from the front windows of which he could see the door of the house in which Dora lived. All he had to do was to secure that room for a week and wait until he saw Dora leave the house. Then he would search her room, find the turquoise, and compel Berlitz to pay ten thousand instead of five thousand for it. VI Without regret, Dora Dell remained indoors throughout the sultry Saturday. She had proved herself cleverer than Trip Hagar and she patted herself upon the mental back. She was cleverer than Ber- litz, too. He thought she was going to sell the turquoise to him, but she wasn't. The stone was hers and she meant to keep it. She had thought of a wonderful hiding- place for her treasure--a place where no one would ever think of looking. And at dark she hurried to a nearby restaurant for her dinner, serenely confident that the ring was safe no matter how thoroughly her room might be searched. Still calm and unruffled, Dora returned to her room. At the door she paused, her quick fear quieted by the sight of a cold- cream jar upon the battered oak dresser. She picked her way carefully through the hopeless disorder of the room and caught up the cold-cream jar. Her hand trembled a little as she lifted the lid and thrust her finger through the perfumed cream to the bottom of the jar. Then she laughed. What did she care about a disordered room, a mattress slashed by a razor-blade, a rug heaped in the cen- ter of the floor and covered with the contents of her dresser drawers? The searcher had not found the turquoise! She laughed again and glanced into the mirror to note the pictorial effect, and saw a message scrawled upon the glass with a piece of soap. "Blanding is wise," she read and her self-satisfaction crumbled. It had been easy to outwit Trip, whom she hated, but Blanding--he could call upon the police to help him. It occurred to her that Trip had got word to Blanding in order to get even with her. Trip was mean enough to do a thing like that--he was mean enough to do anything. Hatred for the man with whom she had once thought herself in love flared anew and Dora shook a small fist defiantly at the writing upon the mirror. "Blanding'll never get this ring," she declared as she clutched the cold-cream jar to her heart. "And neither will you. Trip 