"Till Death Us Do Part" 67 May: They say Porter Creasman's girl's in trouble. Raxter : Yes. Now we know why Lem lit out for foreign-parts! May: Lem's not the man! Raxter : Don't you believe it! Lem was one of them pretty boys that could pull the wool over any girl's eyes! What did he clear out for if hit wasn't to save his skin and single-blessedness? May : How do I know? Why do you ask me? (Granny enters at the house-door.) Granny: Get me that last plate of sandwiches from the closet, Jim. From talk I heard I reckon the boys is going to play some trick on you. Jim: Going to try to kidnap me, are they, like they did Tom Yancey! They held him for a ransom of kisses from the bride, and delayed the wedding two hours; while the preacher filled in the time with a surprise-marriage and two baptisms! Well, they don't get Jim Raxter; and no one but Jim Raxter gets any kisses from you, May. (He takes the plate of sandwiches from the closet at rear and gives it to Granny.) You'll find me waiting on you at the Falls, bride of mine! (He goes out through the house- door.) Granny: If you see them Slater girls going heavy on the cake, tell 'em hit's bad luck to eat more than one piece of wed- ding-cake, or there won't be enough to go round. That suit-case is as full as you can get hit, May. May: There's my red scarf to go in yet. (She goes into the bed-room. Boys' voices are heard from outside calling. Jim Raxter runs in at the house-door.) Raxter: The boys tried to trap me, but I gave 'em the slip! There'll be no two hour delay to this wedding. Head the boys off, Granny! (He squeezes himself into the closet at rear and closes the door. Granny speaks through the open house-door as the voices of the boys are heard near- ing.) Granny: Jim left the house just a bit ago, boys; I reckon he gave you the slip! (She laughs and goes out through the house-door with the plate of sand- wiches. The boys' voices are heard re- ceding rapidly. May enters from the bed-room with a red scarf in her hand. As she crosses the room Lem Hamil- ton enters at the house-door. May stops with a gasp as she sees him. Lem is a tall, good-looking and graceful young fellow with easy manners and a winning smile.) May: Lem! Hamilton : I've come back for you, May! (Raxter sees Hamilton as he en- ters, and starts to open the closet-door. As Hamilton speaks Raxter pulls the closet-door slowly shut and remains hid- den.) May: This is my wedding-day! Hamilton : Yes, and I'm the man you're going to marry! 