38 Limbering Up Ebenezer scenery when two economical hearts beat in rhythm? The brakeman had a pass for self and wife was the idea. The Ebenezer could take it away from him and use it himself. He had to put on both brakes to keep from going right through the Town Hall. At the sign marked "Licenses" he stopped. "I would like a license," he remarked. "Dog or Marriage?" inquired the offi- cial wag. "How much are they?" "Dog two dollars, Marriage one dol- lar." "Gimme a Marriage license then," said Ebenezer, beginning to feel that it really was a better bargain than he had thought. The two gay birds, now man and wife, eased out of the home town on the milk train the next morning. The sun came up just as they opened up the shoe box of tongue sandwiches and home-made pickles. And it was a glo- rious sight. At the Junction he punched the slot for a small piece of gum. He broke it in two pieces, putting one into his mouth and retrieving the other to Bessie. She was, as he had surmised, staggered with the munificence of the gift. The thing was going off beauti- fully. About ten miles further on, a driving shaft broke and the engineer had to stop for repairs. Was it not Providence itself that had snapped the steel right in the midst of the loveliest bed of wild roses? The Ebenezer gar- nered a huge bouquet of these and brought them to his sweetheart. She said she had never seen such wonderful flowers and he smiled like a man who has just been notified by the Savings Bank that he had deposited to the limit. The turtle-doves flew into town late that night in a cloud of soft coal smoke, but happy. The exchequer had been called upon to the extent of one cent. It was the end of an almost perfect day, the penny spoiling the score. They went to housekeeping in a little gray house, with Gothic here and there, mixed with a little real American 1881 period. There were no iron setters guarding the moat, but from the back attic window you could catch a glimpse of Swift River. When ten years had been marked off by the speedometer, Bessie found that her mileage had been good, but that speed had been sadly lacking. Even though one at eighteen sees nothing but beauty in a cotton print of Persian de- rivation, it is no sign that later on it will still bring the same throb of pleas- ure. Though goldenrod may have seemed pretty once, it gives some people hay fever. And after a while one sees there is so much water in the world that it would be hopeless to try to drink all of it. In other words, ten years had made Bessie long for the things she often read about in the magazine that came to the house, free of charge, every month. The Ebenezer was so enraptured with addition that he had forgotten all about that charming pastime, subtraction. Along about this time, Bessie's sister from the city paid her a visit. Six trunks preceded her and more were to follow. When Ebenezer met her at the station he took a long breath before checking up the inventory. Her clothes, he knew, amounted to enough to clear the mortgage on the church. Had he thought quickly enough he would have put her back on the train, but by the time his brain had worked it out cor- rectly the wheels were rolling along. Of course the sisters had a good long talk, when the Ebenezer had gone back to the works. That is, sister talked. Bessie listened. "Dear, I can see that you have some- thing coming to you. How long have you been here?" 