ADVERTISING SELECT your own subject -- love, patriotism --write what the heart dictates, then submit your poem to us. We write the music and guarantee publish- er's acceptance. Our leading composer is Mr. Leo Friedman one of America's well-known musicians, the author of many song successes, such as "Meet Me Tonight in Dreamland," "Let Me Call You Sweetheart," "When I Dream of Old Erin," and others the sales of which ran into millions of copies. Send as many poems as you wish. Don't Delay. Get Busy-- Quick. Chester Music Co. 538 S. Dearborn Street Suit 298 Chicago,Ill. mi-RITA Trade Mark Reg.U.S-PAT.OFF Superfluous Hair Remover The only treatment that will remove permanently all SUPERFLUOUS HAIR from the face or any part of body with- out leaving a mark on the most delicate skin. Removes entire hair roots and destroys the hair duct. No electric needle, burning caustics, or powders used. Free booklet also lists our exclusive preparations for beautifying skin and hair. DR. MARGARET RUPPERT 1112-14 Chestnut St., Suite 70-72-73. Phila. U. S. A. Established 22 years, P Phone--Walnut 7021 Reduce Your Fat On any part of the body from 2 to 4 inches in 3 weeks with one jar of Cosl Obesity Cream. External. Absolutely harm- less. No starving: no massaging: no exercising nor taking dangerous drugs. Have the modish figure. You've tried the Rest, now try the Best. Price $7.00. post paid. At department stores and Dept. "E" Currie &amp; Currie, 2803 Ave. G, Brooklyn, N.Y.,Kenmore 4842 SEXUAL KNOWLEDGE 320 Pages Illustrated Cloth By WINFIELD SCOTT HALL., M.D., Ph. D. SEX FACTS MADE PLAIN What every young: man and Every young woman should know What every young; husband and Every young wife should know What every parent should know Table content &amp; commendations on request $1.00 Postpaid Mailed in plain wrapper AMERICAN PUB. CO. 557 Winston Bldg., Philadelphia New Method Makes Music Amazingly Easy to Learn Learn to Play or Sing--Every Step Made Simple as A B C TRY IT ON APPROVAL Entire Cost Only a Few Cents a Lesson--and Nothing Unless Satisfied How often have you wished that you knew how to play the violin or piano--or what- ever your favorite instrument may be--or that you could take part in singing? How many an evening's pleasure has been utterly spoiled and ruined by the ad- mission "I can't sing," or "No, am sorry, but I can't play." And now--at last--this pleasure and satisfaction that you have so often wished for can easily be added to your daily life. No need to join a class. No need to pay a dol- lar or more per lesson to a private teacher. Neither tho question of time nor expense is any longer a bar--every one of the obstacles that have been confining your enjoyment to mere listening have now been removed. My method of teaching music by mail--in your spare time at home, with no strangers around to embarrass you--makes it amaz- ingly easy to learn to sing by note or to play any instrument. You don't need to know the first thing about music to begin-- don't need to know one note from another. My method takes out all the hard part--overcomes all tho difficulties--makes your prog- ress easy, rapid and sure. Whether for an advanced pupil or a beginner, my method is a revolutionary improvement over the old methods used by private For Beginners or Advanced Pupils Piano Organ Violin Viola Banjo Mandolin Clarinet Flute Saxophone Harmony and Composition Sight Singing Guitar Ukelele Harp Cornet Piccolo Trombone Cello teachers. The lessons I send you explain every point and show every step in simple Print-and-Picture form that you can't go wrong on--every step is made as clear as A B C. My method is as thorough as it is easy. I teach you the only right way--teach you to play or sing by note. No "trick" music, no "numbers." no makeshifts of any kind. I call my method "new" simply because it is so radically dif- ferent from the old and hard-to-understand ways of teaching music. But my method Is thoroughly time-tried and proven. Over 225,000 successful pupils--from boys and girls of 7 and 8 to men and women of 70--are the proof. Largely through the recommendations of satisfied pupils. I have built up the largest school of music in the world. To prove what I say, you can take any course on trial--singing or any instrument you prefer--and judge entirely by your own progress. If for any reason you are not satisfied with the course or with what you learn from it, then it won't cost you a single penny. I guarantee satisfaction. On the other hand, if you are pleased with the course, the total cost amounts to only a few cents a lesson, with your music and everything also included. When learning to play or sing is so easy, why continue to confine your enjoyment of music to mere listening? Why not at least let me send you my free book that tells you all about my methods. I know you will find this book absorbingly interesting, simply because it shows you how easy it is to turn your wish to play or sing into an actual fact. Just now, I am making a special short- time offer that cuts the cost per lesson in two- send your name now, before this special offer is withdrawn. No obligation- simply use the coupon or send your name and address in a letter or on a postcard. U.S School of Music 1235 Brunswick Bldg. New York Mr. David F. Kemp President U.S School of Music 1234 Brunswick Bldg. New York City Please send me your free book, "Music Lessons in 'Your Own Home," and particulars of your Special Offer. Name Address City...............State In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES 