No Place for Husbands 7 "Where in California, dear--San Francisco? And when do you start?" John, tossing aside his napkin, quite ignored the sedate butler and, easing around the table, lifted Margery's tulip-petaled chin in his hands and kissed her upon the lips. "It's Los Angeles, dear, and I must start day after tomorrow. It'll be hot as the dickens going out on the Santa Fe, but it's the only route." Margery looked up at him cau- tiously. "You wouldn't like me to go with you?" "I really don't think it would be wise, dear," he said sincerely. "Eight days in stuffy Pullmans for forty-eight hours in Los Angeles, with the tem- perature there about a hundred and ten--you wouldn't like it." She agreed--a bit reluctantly. The next night she helped him pack his bag, and in the morning accompa- nied him in to the Pennsylvania Sta- tion, in New York. He kissed her good-by many times, but just before the ruthless gate clanged between them she thought of something more: "John, Los Angeles is where the movies are, isn't it? You won't fall in love with any of those pretty stars, will you?" Behind her banter, John recalled later, there was a somewhat anxious tremor. CHAPTER V John described his four days in a dusty Pullman minutely to Margery in letters mailed from Chicago, Kansas City, Dodge City, Albuquerque and Los Angeles. Arrived at his destination, he dis- covered, to his chagrin, that the re- financing of the Pacific Fruit Com- pany would be a far messier matter than he had anticipated. Four days of intensive conferences in stuffy rooms-- and the end was not yet. John's brain was fagged and in need of stimulant. The other banking men, being congenial old boys and appreci- ating Harlan's importance, were quite willing to entertain him during his few leisure hours. But he thought it wise not to accept. He expected every day to be his last in Los Angeles, and he did not wish to make any encumbering engagements. Evenings he spent in his room at the luxurious Hotel Envoy thinking up new things to write to Margery and working on the re- financing papers. At ten o'clock he turned in, the blistering heat of the day having been succeeded by the cool, sleepable evening that the California boosters cherish so highly. So far, outside of business acquain- tances, he hadn't spoken to a soul. Harlan, naturally friendly and gregari- ous, was in need of a familiar voice and a little non-business companionship. Which is probably the chief reason why he didn't follow his first impulse and turn an arctic shoulder to Peggy Du Bois when she tripped by on her way to a vacant table and discovered him dawdling over an after-dinner cigar in a comparatively cool corner of the Envoy dining-room. "Why, Jack Harlan!" cried halting Peggy, recognition suddenly leaping into her lively black eyes. "Haven't seen you in a pup's age." John had always possessed a Roth- like memory: Peggy Du Bois--Fol- lies--played around with her when he was at Princeton--a game, good scout. Well, after all, why not? He was three thousand miles away from home, and lonesome. She was diverting, and as young and pretty as ever. He could at least talk with her for a moment. He intended to say, "How do you do. Miss Du Bois," but as he rose and her friendly face came closer he heard himself greeting her cheerfully. "Why, hello, Peggy--had your dinner?" She hadn't, and accepted the chair opposite him. 