74 When Father Forbids her the way. As they came behind the house, suddenly Collins paused and pointed up to the windows above the garage. Mrs. Townsend looked up, and as the elder pair stood below, a match flared and Joyce was seen re- posing in Willie's arms as he lit a ciga- rette. Now the garage in the Collins home boasted a second story where the chauf- feur-handy-man-gardener could have been quartered, only the Collins facto- tum went home every night to his wife and children. So Joyce had introduced an old couch, a couple of ancient arm- chairs, and a curtain, and quite un- known to her father was in the habit of seeing Willie here. "Come down! Come down, both of you at once!" bellowed Collins. "What shall we do?" asked Willie with an uncomfortable feeling of chill running up and down his spine. "What shall we do?" repeated Joyce. "Why, go down and talk to them. You can ask Dad if you can marry me." Putting her head out of the window, Joyce called sweetly: "All right, dear Papa, I hear your tuneful summons. Have patience and we will be with you." She laughed mockingly, and presently Joyce and Willie emerged on the gravel path in front of the garage. "Good evening Mrs. Townsend," Joyce said pleasantly. "Lovely night, isn't it? Don't run away. You may be good for Dad's temper--and Willie is just going to ask him if he can marry me." "You absurd child!" Mrs. Town- send said indulgently, as she patted Joyce affectionately on the arm. But Willie had gathered all the forti- tude that he possessed, and in a kind of desperation he looked at Collins and said: "Look here, Mr. Collins--I--Joyce-- that is, we love each other--so how's chances of you being a good sport and saying ‘yes' ?" Collins glowered at him. However, Mrs. Townsend's presence was not without its influence. "How's chances of me saying yes?" he queried disagreeably. "Pretty slim, my boy--pretty slim." "But why?" demanded Willie hotly. "I love her--and she loves me." "Oh, she does, does she?" Collins sneered. "That's very nice, isn't it? But how do you propose to support my daughter? You don't expect me to keep you, do you? I'll tell you what I'll do with you," he went on with a sidelong glance at Mrs. Townsend as though to call her to witness what an excellent "sport" he was. "I'll tell you what I'll do with you. You run off and show me that you can make money --I don't care how--that's for you to determine--but it's reasonable for me to expect you to show me the goods. If you can come to me--within the next few months--and show me that you have got hold of some real money-- why, then--you can have my daughter." "How much must I show you?" asked Willie eagerly. "How much?" asked Collins thought- fully. Then he laughed. "Look here, young fellow, you come to me within six months and show me twenty-five hundred dollars that you've gotten your- self--and the girl's yours! I'll give you a job in the bank and let you marry her. Is that fair enough?" Willie was about to protest at the enormity of the task set him, when a sudden idea struck Joyce. It would be of little use to argue with her father. He had made a certain offer, so they had better conserve their energies to concentrate upon getting the fabulous sum he demanded! "All right--Dad," she said quickly, "you're on--only don't back out and try and evade it when Willie comes through 