Motion Picture Department 127 prophesy that Gladys Leslie will in the future become more and more famous and acquire a goodly string of "fans" from Coast to Coast. * * * "And now they are asking for my shoes"--this is what Ruth Roland com- plains of her "fans." "They have asked me for almost everything under the sun, from a five-dollar-a-week annuity to a tractor with a gang plow equipment for use on the farm--but the most interest- ing thing I have ever been asked for was a complete outfit for a set of trip- lets from a father and mother in the Middle West--fancy that, now," and Ruth's merry laugh resounded all over the place, "but this last, a fad as prev- alent as the ‘flu,' has captured the Pa- cific Coast, shoe collecting." "Who started it and why?" "Oh, it seems a Second Lieut, ad- mirer of a certain screen star, was presented with a pair of her shoes for a souvenir, and since then he conceived the idea of making a collection of ‘pic- ture shoes' or shoes worn by the screen actresses during certain pictures--did you ever hear of a such a silly fad-- but it has spread all over out here, why, if I were to fill all the requests I have for my shoes, I would have to go bare- footed the rest of my natural life." "But what did you do about the outfit for the triplets, did they get it?" "Well, I should rather say they did and my blessing as well, for I am a firm believer in families, but, perhaps, if you publish that, I will be overwhelmed with requests for outfits to all the triplets born in America, but at that, I think it far more commendable than furnishing shoes to soldiers, don't you?" I do. * * * Did you ever know that William Des- mond, late of Triangle fame, was a "liar?" He is, and what is more he is a "prodigal liar." You will say, that I certainly have an iron-clad nerve to come out in print with such a state- ment, but if you don't believe it go to see him in his newest, very newest re- lease presented by Jesse D. Hampton, under whose management our old friend is now working. The name of this very entertaining picture is "The Prodigal Liar." Now, will you take back those cruel words you just now hurled at my head? If you are a "Billy" Desmond "fan" you will enjoy his new picture immense- ly and, moreover, you will certainly en- joy the splendid work of Betty Comp- son, late of Mack Sennett comedies. It is one marvel after another, how these comedy girls turn out to be first rate actresses in serious roles, but Betty car- ries the part of "Hope" evenly and con- sistently all the way through, and "Billy" seemed to actually enjoy work- ing with her. That is, if one could judge from the complacent expression as he rested his head on Betty's lovely young knees. "Hope" is a "Down East" girl who consumed paper novels depicting life in the great wide West. She was so full of romance there wasn't room for much else but dreams of a western hero, a gambler or even a murderous hold-up man, almost any man in that line of business, who would answer to her vi- sion of Bill Hart. Hope inherits money and at once communicated with an uncle who owned a ranch out West, and at the same time made it quite clear that she was anxious to mix right up into the wildest experi- ences he could provide. It so happened that the only real bad man in Chapparal was locked up safely, or so they thought, and the girl had to be provided with the right stage setting --and here it is that Billy Desmond, in the person of Percival Montgomery Jenks, comes into the plot. "Monte," as his best friends called him, finally 