Motion Picture Department Edited by Alice Glenister James Montgomery Flagg once again takes his brush "in hand" to paint the cover for Saucy Stories this month--this time he gives us his ideal of Florence Dixon, of whom it is said, "She is the most photographed girl in America," and probably you have by this time met Miss Dixon on the screen, as she was starred in one of the latest James Montgomery Flagg Comedies that Paramount are releasing, titled, "Independence B'Gosh!" Remember? She had the part of maid to Sara, wife of Horatio Whiffle--and was also sweetheart of Horatio's man, Sam (Olin Howland). Who of us hasn't craved for inde- pendence? But I am afraid we do not know just what the word means in all senses; maybe we can profit from the lesson of Horatio and Sara. They were so darned poor, it hurt. They were happy, though they didn't know it--for they had work, real, live, honest-to- goodness work, but Horatio wanted in- dependence, b'gosh. As sudden as a cyclone came an in- heritance of $89,000,000 (did you know there was that much money left after the war?)--and here was Horatio's chance to get on the inside of the inde- pendence game, and into it he did get, he, Sara, Sam and Lily; between eve- ning clothes, baths, tight shoes and nothing to do but spend money, Horatio found he was not half so independent as he was down in the little ole bucolic dump, Kerchunkett, Maine, their own home town. Mr. Flagg has his two unhappy, rich and not youthful couple sneak back to the old home, throw independence, store clothes and shoes to the winds, or whatever they use in the country for discarded wearing apparel, and his check book and bank balance he donates to Rockefeller, who cares more for money than anyone or anything else, and we leave them at the end of the second reel and a perfect day, enjoying their hard-earned independence, b'gosh. * * * And now here comes Ora Carew, heading her own company. It is be- yond all conception where they get all the ambition, but they get it and in its most violent form. It takes them from the schoolroom, yes, I might almost say from the very laps of their mothers, up through small parts, then on up a little higher to perhaps a second to the lead, then chance helps them on their way 123 