48 The House of the Missing him in, and fell away with just a hint of shyness. She was obviously quite young and obviously out of place in that gaêlre. Clayton was introduced in turn to her aunt, a fussy and voluble person, by all external signs; of the kind that rushes in and so forth. That over, he turned to the girl again with an inward sigh of relief. If he must talk to rat- eyed cubists for the sake of his search, he thought, there could be no harm in a few moments off duty in such obviously wholesome company. While Clayton made the remark or two to her Aunt, which convention re- quired, the girl stood talking to Mrs. Furneau. She was speaking as he joined them. "--most wonderful stuff I ever tasted. You must go and get them to give you some. They were funny people, though. I don't believe I like them very--" She stopped as Clayton came up to them. Clearly, she and her hostess were on the best of terms. The three of them talked about noth- ing in particular for a moment and then Mrs. Furneau hurried away to greet newer arrivals and Clayton led the girl to a seat. She came from Utica, he learned; had never been in New York before this visit to her Aunt. Before long he had her embarked on a description of her impressions of the people she had met in her Aunt's circle. In the meantime he studied the lovely face. From the point of view of a painter of portraits the features were almost per- fect. And with all the beauty of wide gray eyes, straight delicate nose and crimson, sweetly curving lips, she had that added something -- expression, spirit, feeling, call it what you will-- that made the lovely features really beautiful. Presently she faltered and colored faintly and Clayton drew his eyes hastily away. Then, more to cover the mo- mentary embarrassment than anything else, he reverted to the remark he had overheard. "Won't you tell me what was the most wonderful stuff you ever tasted?" he inquired. She laughed gayly. "Oh, my Aunt took me to a funny party this afternoon, before we came here. There were all sorts of queer people there and I--I didn't care for it very much. But they gave me some of the most wonderful tea you can imagine. It almost reconciled me to the people for a while. I felt sort of dreamy, as though I loved the whole world. And then, afterward--" she laughed a little shyly "--I liked them all less than ever. There must have been something queer in it." Clayton's first thought was delight at the girl's entire ingenuousness. But a moment later the full significance of her words came to him and he realized that here might be the clue for which he had been searching for so long. "How extraordinary!" he laughed. "But are you sure that it was the tea and not just a sudden mood?" His companion shook her head. "No," she answered, positively, "I know the sort of mood you mean. But this was something much more distinct and engrossing. Why, for a little while, everything seemed to expand or contract in the queerest way. I'm afraid I can't explain very well. But everything there --all the people and even the things in the room--seemed to have delightful and wonderful qualities and--I'm afraid that doesn't sound very coherent?" she broke off, laughing. "It is quite coherent," Clayton re- sponded; "though strange enough, surely. But--" he broke off and looked into her eyes. "But what?" He was silent a moment. "But I wonder--" he went on "--whether I 