112 The Dimpled Dumb-Bell "This is Dora," she managed to say. "I--" she faltered, fearful lest the untruth she was about to utter would not ring true. "Well?" said Trip suspiciously. "I--I didn't--" again she faltered, and Trip's suspicions crystallized into swift anger. "You failed, I suppose," he bellowed. "I might have known you wouldn't have brains enough to carry through. You're the dumbest dumb-bell that--" Dora didn't mind being called a "dumb- bell" ordinarily. But to be told, in all seriousness, that she wasn't clever enough to accomplish so simple a task as the ex- change of the rings, had proved to be-- Dora's slow anger was aroused. Her cheeks flushed under the heavy coating of powder and she glared ferociously into the transmitter of the telephone. "If that's the way you're going to talk, I won't do it at all," said Dora. Trip deemed it wise to change his tac- tics. "Couldn't you make the trade to- night?" he asked more civilly. "It ought to have been easy in the dark and every- thing." "It was easy," said Dora and smiled slyly as she recalled the manner of the exchange, "but I thought it best to wait until I see him again on--on Friday." "Friday?" shouted Trip. "Berlitz wants that stone not later than tomorrow night. Won't you ever learn not to try to think with that flea-sized brain of yours?" Dora slashed the receiver upon it hook without replying to Trip's final insult. She had intended to give him the ring on Friday, pretending that she had had an- other engagement with Blanding. But Trip Hagar had dared to say she could not think. Well, she would show him that she was cleverer than he. Her eyelids fluttered furiously and the dimples in her flaming cheeks became deep, hard lines. She'd show Trip Hagar a thing or two! The turquoise was beautiful and she liked it. She wanted to keep it, and now that Trip had acted so mean she would keep it. Trip couldn't make her give it up if she didn't want to, and she'd see to it that he didn't take it away from her by force. At the door of the drug-store, Dora paused, then hurried to the shelf on which lay a thick and dog-eared telephone book. In his anger, Trip had accidentally men- tioned the name of the jeweler who had made the duplicate that Dora had slipped on Blanding's finger. If she could persuade the jeweler to make a second duplicate of the turquoise, all would be well. Dora ordered an ice-cream soda and proceeded to lay her plans for showing Trip a thing or two. IV Friday night at eleven o'clock, Dora telephoned to Trip. Her voice, as she asked him to meet her at the Automat nearby, was cheerful and confident. Trip hastened to the tryst, believing that she had succeeded in making the exchange of rings. "That's your duplicate," said Dora bluntly. She passed it to him, wrapped loosely in a paper napkin. "I'm sorry but --there it is." Too surprised to be angry, too disap- pointed to speak coherently, Trip gazed across the rim of his coffee cup at Dora's fluttering eyelids and dimpling smile. He reflected that she didn't look sorry. "Blanding was leery," continued Dora energetically, "and he held my hand all the time I had the ring on. I'm sorry, but--" Trip surreptitiously unwrapped the worthless bauble and eyed its waxy luster disgustedly. But he was not thinking of 