Her Friend, the Burglar 99 yon was a Bluebeard and locked up ladies in his safe. But if I hadn't hap- pened along when I did, to let you out, you'd have been a corpse by morning." Doris shuddered and found herself unable to speak. She wanted to scream, but she could not, so completely was she paralyzed with dread. "Just stay where you are and mind your own business," advised the man. "No one is coming along to disturb us. The storm helped me out with the safety signal, but I'd have put it out of business myself if chance hadn't done it. Now I'm going out by the way I came in, and if you know what's good for you, you'll keep still until I'm safely away. Then you can go or stay your- self--just as you please." Doris did not know what to answer. She was trying in vain to formulate some plan--but her brain refused to work. It was too dark to see the man's face, and she could only make out his figure silhouetted against the light from the window. Perhaps he did not have a gun. He might be only bluffing, but even if he was, she knew she would be helpless in a struggle with him. He might strangle her or leave her bound hand and foot with a gag in her mouth, as she had seen crooks do to girls in the movies. "Remember what I said," came the admonition, as the man backed slowly toward the window. "If you try any nonsense--even after I'm outside--I'll get you later on--no matter how long I have to wait." With a quiet laugh, he dropped out of sight. Doris began to consider what she ought to do. There was the telephone board. Should she call the police or get her emplover's home on the wire? Then the terrible truth impressed itself upon her. Would either the officers or Mr. Kenyon believe her? What excuse could she give for being there herself at such an hour? The story she must tell--the real story of what had happened--would sound like simple invention and not very clever invention at that. Even if they should believe that the door of the vault had blown shut on her, there would be a lurking suspicion as to her motive for being in the compartment after it had once been locked and every- one had gone. They probably would not accept her statement anyway. Stephen would nat- urally say that the safe had been closed when he had gone home. She had asked for fifty dollars, and had been refused. . . . She could not identify the burglar because she had not seen his face--and of course there would be nothing to help her prove that he had ever been there. Her story would prob- ably be regarded as a clumsy effort to conceal her own theft of whatever had been taken from Kenyon's private drawer. In sudden panic, she resolved to slip away, leaving everything as it was. She would go out just as the burglar had gone. She drew up her skirt and mounted the window-sill, then dropped the short distance to the grass beneath. For a fraction of time she stood quaking in the shadow of the building, then, taking new courage from her very fear, she darted like a frightened fawn across the grounds and down to the nar- row delivery street. IV There was no sleep for Doris that night. It had been after three when she cautiously mounted the veranda steps of her lodging and inserted her key in the lock. With a feeling of guilt she had slipped off her French-heeled pumps and silently mounted the stairs in her stocking feet. Yet, despite her utmost caution, the rickety balustrade 