124 Saucy Shots from Studios the showing of his pictures. We did not make the picture for Art's sake but for the sake of our land- lord. II Elinor Glyn, the novelist, evi- dently believes that the recent slump in movie attendance has come from the absurd reports that there are photoplay actors who aren't all they should be. She plans to remedy the situation by writing a scenario called The Eyes of Truth, which will picture the life of Hollywood society truthfully, showing that a moraller, uprighter, altogether righteouser lot of people can't be found anywhere. The film will be produced by Sol Lesser, maker of the Jackie Coogan pictures. People who have been at Hollywood have told us that "sleigh- riding" is a popular pastime out there, and surely that sounds innocent! Maybe Elinor knows--she's lived there al- most a month, and one can do a great deal even in Three Weeks. Whatever is the matter, Mr. Hays will fix it. Mae Murray was a guest at the gath- ering of the Motion Picture Directors' Association the other day and she de- scribes the applause which greeted the new Dictator of the Film when he rose to speak: "There was a perfect fever of enthu- siasm," she says. "Hays fever--" (They all do it, even the best of 'em!) One chill morning during the filming of The Prisoner of Zenda several of the principals in the picture were wait- ing before the big set of the Castle of Zenda on the mainland side of the moat. A sharp wind whipped up the water. Stuart Holmes, who is Black Michael in the picture, started things by re- marking to Lewis Stone, the man who portrays the Prisoner: "Doesn't the wind off the water zenda chill through you?" For a moment Stone was speechless of the enormity of the crime. Then he replied furiously: "None of your bon moats, Stuart!" Before we leave the Prisoner of Zenda we may state that the total cost of this immense picture undertaking was $1,118,453.16. There is something that rings true about this statement-- we think it is the sixteen cents. Somehow that sixteen cents intrigues us more than the million-odd dollars. What was it spent for? Cough-drops for Ingram? A hairnet for Alice Terry's golden locks? A shine for Barbara La Marr's high-heeled adven- turess slippers? If only press agents would tell us things like that. Mr. Ingram directed the coronation scenes of this photoplay by radiophone, calling up his sub-directors scattered over the lot at the instant he needed them. These, in turn, shouted their directions to their section of the mob from their hiding-places--for they wore radio-receivers over their ears, which are hardly what a well-dressed man would wear to a Ruritanian coronation. Follow a few other facts about this photoplay masterpiece: More people contributed to mak- ing the picture than the population of Oswego, New York. Forty-eight miles of film were run through the camera. The scenario contained more pages than H. G. Wells' "Outline of History." At one time there were four hundred and thirty-two cooks on the Metro payroll to feed the army of supers. The completed picture cost al- most twice as much as Gainsbor- ough's "Blue Boy." (Continued on page 126) 