The Call for Help 31 and pictures, and old books, as it evi- dently was, why, he was perfectly justi- fied in neglecting his wife for it. Archie would doubtless have done likewise if he had a wife. He drew a horrified breath. Why, if Hortense divorced this man and married Archie, she would be constantly quarrel- ing with him over his hobbies, as she doubtless did with the mild Mr. Lute. In that moment Archie's heart went out to the little man who was holding the automatic pointed at him. In him he beheld not a wife-beater, a destroyer of feminine happiness, but a gentleman of learning and good taste--a fellow- collector. Having made this pleasant discovery, Archie found it easy to proceed. "I'll be frank with you. I'm not an ordinary burglar," said Archie, "I didn't come for your money or your jewelry--" He broke off seeming to discover the imitation Titian for the first time. "By the way, that's an awfully clever copy of the Titian owned by Rensler Pratt," he remarked with a wave of his hand at the picture. The little man started. "It's nothing of the sort," he ex- claimed excitedly; "it's an original." "A clever copy," repeated Archie, coolly; "the color is good, but Titian never isolated and enchanced a patch of color like that cloud in the foreground. That technical trick must be the prop- erty of the artist who copied it." The jaw of the little man dropped perceptibly. "But I must compliment you on that bust," continued Archie, pointing to a rose-and-black porphyry bust of Rame- ses III that graced the top of a book- case. "It's a genuine eighteenth-century Egyptian," he ended. The little man was obviously pleased. "I know it," he said earnestly. "I've got even better stuff than that in the cabinet," he boasted, giving way to his collector's delight of discussing his pos- sessions. "At the Peters' Galleries I picked up a marvelous piece of basalt sculpture from Cairo--" "A female figure with a hieroglyphic inscription on the front," stated Archie, who had often seen that piece on display. "Yes--yes," gasped Mr. Lute. "How --how do you know about it?" "That's my profession," said Archie; "and as for this particular piece, I ought to know all about it. I came here to steal it from you." III Sylvester Lute gazed at Archie in dumb astonishment. Archie went on with his lie quite calmly. "I love collecting," he said sincerely, "but I haven't the means to indulge my desires. I make my living by obtaining for collectors who have the means, any particular object they desire. I have no scruples concerning the means by which I obtain the object--when a collector refuses to strike a bargain with me." "But," argued Mr. Lute, "you didn't bargain with me for this piece." "Oh, I took a fancy to this piece for myself. I could never pay you the sum you might rightfully ask for the Rame- ses. So I determined to use the infalli- ble means I have employed before to get possession of it." His voice changed. It became low and trembly: "You collectors, who have only to sign your name to a check to possess whatever you desire, can have no notion of the feeling in the heart of the man who can only long to possess beautiful things. You can't understand--" Mr. Lute was visibly affected. His hand loosened its grip upon the weapon. His eyes softened. "What a pity I" he murmured, shaking 