16 No Place for Husbands quizzically. Curiosity began to take possession of him. He chuckled like a youngster with a new electric train. He wondered what he looked like in celluloid. No harm in seeing; he could burn the film in a few seconds. So, after a cautious and unnecessary look around, he opened the tin and pulled out the rolled celluloid, holding an end of it up to the sunlight that came streaming in through the window. An exclamation of surprise escaped him. Why, the film was as black as ink; he couldn't distinguish a thing. Deciding that the trouble was that he didn't know how to look at the thing, on an impulse he rang for a boy. "Ask Mr. Hurlburt to step in," he instructed the youngster. Young Hurl- burt was the member of Harlan &amp; Co. who had charge of their moving picture financing branch and was alleged to know everything about the movies. "Er--close the door please, Hurl- burt," began John. Hurlburt did so. "I'm thinking of buying one of those little moving picture projection ma- chines," prevaricated John. "I've al- ready gotten hold of this film. But it doesn't seem to be any good. I thought perhaps you could tell me what's the matter with it." He handed the strip of film over for Hurlburt's inspection. The latter walked to the window and held the film up to the light, as John had done. After a moment of squinting, he turned around. "Somebody has deceived you, Har- lan," he said. "This film has been spoiled. It's undeveloped negative that's been exposed to the light, and is no good whatever. Where did you get it?" "Oh, some--er--thanks, old man." John made sure to take back his film. "I'll get after the chap I bought it from." When Hurlburt was out of the door, John called Harris. "You lied to me about this film," he began heatedly. "It's black--no good. How do I know whether I'm in it or not? I'll stop payment on that--" "Don't get excited, Mr. Harlan," he heard Harris' mocking voice. "I know it's spoiled--that's the way you wanted it, ain't it? It saves you trouble. If you want to know how it happened: The negative came in the office from our studio undeveloped. My damned careless office-boy opened the can while I was out, and the sun got to it and ruined the whole picture--after we had the publicity and advertising started-- and everything. But look here, Mr. Wild Jack Harlan, you're pretty damned lucky to get off so easy--be- cause I don't mind telling you that if it wasn't for that office-boy, who has since been fired, I never would have sold you a foot of film for love nor money." And John, when he had replaced the receiver, agreed that he was lucky. He smiled and called up a ticket speculator, contracting cheerfully to pay twenty- five dollars for two seats to the most expensive show in town. Having the call switched to the Hotel Biltmore, he ordered a private dining-room for that evening. Then he got Margery on the wire. John Harlan intended to celebrate fittingly his return to the straight and narrow--for life. "A movie studio," observed John to himself, when everything had been perfectly arranged, "is no place for hus- bands." 