No Place for Husbands 5 the overwhelming impulse to fall in love with her. A month after he returned from the war to Harlan &amp; Co., he took up with Margery where he had left off. The setting was an engulfing divan in front of a crackling fire in the Farra- day living-room. He moved closer to her. "I say, Margery--I guess you know I love you," John, once so skilful with women, fumbled. And added, brightly, "Don't you?" Margery, the yellow glow from the logs showed, was mildly excited. Like- wise a little troubled, as if this were an agreeable, but disturbing, thing with which she had expected to conjure some time. But she answered bravely: "I know you do, John." Then al- lowing her heart to usurp her tongue, "I--I love you too, John," and yielding her lips to his and her soft body to his embrace. When John had departed, Margery invaded her father's library. She climbed upon the arm of the great leather chair in which Farraday was perusing a financial journal. "John has just asked me to marry him," she announced. Her father smiled as if this announce- ment were neither displeasing nor un- expected. "I'm glad." he said simply, and then, looking at her more closely, "but why so serious-looking about it?" Margery placed an affectionate arm around his shoulder. "Why, it's something I should be se- rious about, isn't it, dad?" "Of course--but you love John?" "Yes." Margery slipped half into his lap. "Dad, wasn't John once sort of wild? Didn't he use to play the Broad- day cabarets and go around with actresses and all that? Mrs. Schuyler Hicks was telling me the other day--" "Don't believe what those old frumps tell you, Margery. I dare say the boy was somewhat of a high-flyer in college and the first year or so after he got out --what youngster with too much money isn't? But he settled down when his father died, and I'll vouch for it that he's been pretty near a model young man ever since." "You don't think there's a chance of John's--well--backsliding--longing for a touch of the old life, do you, dad? I should die if--" Farraday laughed and kissed her cherry mouth. "I should say not! John's one hun- dred percent business now. Don't worry your little head about such things. If you love him, marry him." So she did. They journeyed to Bermuda on their honeymoon--John's first long outing in many years--and by the time they re- turned, their cozy new home at Long Hills, in Jersey, within easy commut- ting distance of Wall Street, was com- pleted. CHAPTER III John Harlan decided that he was ideally happy. He had one of the nicest homes in plutocratic Long Hills; he thought no woman could possibly be so naively charming as Margery; and Harlan &amp; Co. was going like a house afire. Margery managed the corps of ser- vants like a little blonde Napoleon. John's Wall Street Journal was always by his breakfast table; the butler awaited him at the door with his hat and stick in the morning, so that there was no possible chance of his missing his train, and collected them at night. The Harlans played billiards, golf, and double-dummy bridge together for six months without a single altercation. This is probably a record. There was a single disturbing thing about Margery. Even about this, John didn't quite know whether to be an- noyed or flattered. 