Love in the Jungle 7 The durries on the floors had become mouldy, the woodwork was half eaten away by white ants, and spider webs spanned the punkah ropes, heavy and gray with dust. Out on the porch the curtains were torn and hung askew from the pulleys, a kerosene lamp smoked on a broken wicker table and great bugs and bats attracted by the light within, beat violently against the screens. A restlessness possessed Rhoda. She went back into the living-room--little lizards ran over the white washed walls, where some cigarette ads and a couple of Gibson girl posters hung crookedly. A worn card-table, a soot-smeared fire- place and a couple of tumble-down chairs completed the furnishings. Rhoda went swiftly through the din- ing-room, out on the back porch, and then into the deepening twi- light. Suddenly she caught her breath and gave a little choked cry. A man had just ridden up on horseback and spring- ing from the saddle, shouted for the boy. Rhoda stopped a moment in the shad- ows of the great mango, her hands clasped over her beating heart. It was her father. Even in the faint light she recognized the thin, straight nose and the close-clipped moustache of the pho- tograph she had of him at home. "Gawan," he called, cursing so vio- lently in a mixture of Hindustani and English that the girl shrank back, terri- fied. Once again he called, and as the na- tive groom came running forward, still winding his purgaree about his head, Waler turned on him fiercely. Rhoda did not know what he said--she only saw her father lift his riding crop and bring it crashingly down on the bare black shoulders of the native. She gave a low cry. A second blow slashed across the skin of the whimper- ing wretch as he cowered before Waler and then led away the pony. Rhoda could scarcely creep out from under the mango. Fear and horror filled her--what kind of a brute or ty- rant was this father of hers. She saw him go up on to the porch, she must go to him. Just as she moved a step for- ward Gawan, the syce, passed close by her, muttering to himself, his fist clenched vengefully, his dark face livid with hatred. In the shadows, he turned about and spat contemptuously toward the bungalow. Rhoda slipped away silently. Her breath came brokenly, her hand trem- bled as she lightly pushed open the screen door. She could see her father lying back in a great scoop-shaped lounge-chair, a peg on the wide arm beside him. He saw her, but made no motion to get up; instead he looked at her, hard and steadily, for a full mo- ment. "So you've come after all," he said brusqttely. "I told you, begged you to stay at home." His hands twitched nervously as he gulped down his whis- key and soda. "I never imagined you'd get here so soon," he concluded irri- tably. His curt tone cut the girl to the heart. "You are not angry at me for coming?" she pleaded wistfully. Her impulse was to fling herself into her father's arms-- this seemed so strange and cold a greet- ing after so many years; he must care for her a little--she was his only child. She glanced shyly at the lean face over which the colorless, dried skin seemed drawn too taut, at the haggard line of nose and mouth. "You're blonde like your mother," he said slowly, shifting himself erect in his chair. "You should not have come, though," he said curtly. "Had I known in time or received your wire, you should never have come here; this is no place for you. There's not a white 