She Had to Play the Lead 59 "I'll show you something that'll stop you from playing that game with me again as long as you live." Sam said nothing. He was a silent fighter but he lined up beside his friend. As for the real Rufus Green he had understood little of what was going on. But what he did see plainly was that the Rita Duval who attracted him with terrific intensity was clinging to this tall, straight stranger as if she loved him, certainly as if his safety was dear to her. For her oldtime admirer she had no look but one of loathing. With a roar like a beast of prey he sprang forward. "Wait a moment," said the masquer- ader coolly, "This thing has gone far enough. Now it's my turn." But the time had gone by for him to stay their fury with wait. There were three balked, furious, violent men against him and murder looked out of the eyes into which he gazed courage- ously. But he had seen too much vio- lence, and fought too often, not to realize that unarmed as he was and fur- ther handicapped by this clinging girl, he could do nothing against them. As Steve made a grab at him the masquerader allowed himself time for one blow. Not only did it knock Steve down but it swept Sam into the path of the lumbering giant and delayed their attack for a few blessed moments. "Come," he said to the girl. Grasp- ing her wrist he turned and sprang up the three steps that led from the dining room to the main hall. The pursuers were close at his feet as he made for the stairway. Then along a corridor at racing speed he dragged the girl. "If we get to that door ahead," he whispered, "we'll be safe." Even in that moment of desperation Mary thought how foolish it was to suppose they could hold out against the other three men with but the barrier of a door between them. However strong it could be battered down in a few minutes. He bolted it against the shouting men with a split second of time to spare. She was amazed that at a moment like this he could smile. But there he stood chuckling like a boy. He even took her in his arms and after a kiss dragged her unwilling feet in a few steps of a dancing measure. Then he did an even more amazing thing. It was a big, bare room in which they were with three long windows. One of these he opened. Then he came to an open fireplace, boarded up. On either side of it was a pillar sup- porting a carved wooden overmantel. She wondered why he kneeled beside one while those outside were shouting to Nell to bring them an axe. She saw the reason when suddenly the panel behind the pillar swung back and disclosed a dark, brick-lined pas- sage. Quickly he pushed her into it and the darkness told her the panel had closed again. "I must carry you," he whispered. It seemed they must have traversed Hundreds of yards in these dark bowels of the old house, stooping all the time to avoid the roof of the passages, when suddenly he stood straight up. Light- ing a match Mary could see she was in a brick chamber some ten feet square. On a shelf was a candle. When it spluttered into light she could see that there was a plain table and two old chairs. It was amazing. "What is this?" she demanded. "It's a place where the Tories were hidden in the Revolution," he told her. This house was built by Sir Richard Chester who had a grant of land from the English king. His grandson was hidden in this very chamber for months while Westchester County was searched for him." "You are sure they won't find us 