The Comet and the Star 115 But there was no answer. He passed through the living room into her bed- room, but she was not there and the room had a curiously unoccupied look. There was nothing flung over the chairs, nothing on the bed and the bureau was bare of her numerous toilet articles. A vague foreboding seized him, but he brushed it aside and went on into his bedroom beyond. There, on the chif- fonier, was a large envelope addressed to him in Elsie's irregular hand. He tore it open. "You fool!" he read. "If you bored me when you were making money how did you think I was going to put up with you when you went back to your old job? I'm going west and when I get my divorce--and don't think you can stop me for you can't--I'm going to marry Colonel Roberts. I'm not go- ing to drag Neva Lloyd into this as I don't want any scandal that will react on me in the position I am soon going to hold. And don't worry over having lost my love. I know now I never loved you. I must have fallen a victim to those good looks of yours which brought you in a nice fortune until you got so ridiculously sensitive. I wish Neva Lloyd joy of you. I suppose now you'll go back to pictures and star to- gether." It was a spiteful letter and it pois- oned his last tender memory of the girl he had once thought her. She must have laid her plans before she had left Palm Beach and doubtless by this time she was speeding west toward freedom. Now that her step was irrevocably taken he could pity her. She set too great a store on the non-essentials of life, such as money, while the things that really counted were passed con- temptuously by. She would be happy when she had attained her selfish desire and she would never miss what she had lightly cast aside. She had never loved him and now he could admit that he had never really loved her. He had loved his dream of her. He drew a long breath. Some day he would be free to go to Neva Lloyd and put the deep love that filled his heart into words, but he would never go back into pictures. Neva herself had said they were bad for married men who wanted time in which to love their wives, and he wanted the rest of his life to devote to loving her. How Can the May Be Fair? By Lizette Luère HOW can the year swing into May, How can the May be fair, When love is buried in a grave, And Joy is mourning there? Oh, Woodland white with laurel bloom, Oh, laughing airs of May, Your fresh and carefree loveliness, Must break my heart to-day! 