10 No Place for Husbands and prepared to cast a little bomb among her fellow mermaids. "Well, girls," she announced grandly, "this is my friend, the famous Wall Street banker. Jack Harlan, whom you have heard me mention before." John wished that she would be a little more tactful. But he found himself shaking hands with more names than he could possibly remember. A little sea of creamy legs, trim hips and pink toes seemed to be churning around him. They must higgle into their costumes with shoe-horns, he thought. The old, familiar smell of grease-paint was in his decorous nostrils; back in the merry-merry world of make-believe; home and Harlan &amp; Co. three thousand miles away. He tossed back his head and laughed like a boy at one of Peggy's sallies. "I bet he's a good scout," he heard one girl whisper. He liked that, and ac- cepted Peggy's invitation to a seat on the divan. Peggy slid down beside him. The other girls grouped around them. "Too bad you didn't bring your bathing-suit, Jack," laughed Peggy. "They're going to cut loose the water power in a little while and wash us out of the lobby--Siegel thinks that'll make a nifty scene." The other girls chimed in with rollicking comments. John's boyish laughter was infectious. "Why didn't you ever become a movie actor, Jack?" joshed Peggy. "Gosh, you've got Wally Reid skinned a mile for looks." "You said it, Peggy," the dignified Mr. Harlan retorted. "The producers don't know what there missing when they pass me up." At that instant something flashed into the brain of the press agent standing interestedly near, and he drew Siegel excitedly to one side. A moment later the drawly voice of the director came to John's ear, "You wouldn't mind us taking a little pic- ture of you, would you, Mr. Harlan?" John calmed down a bit, and a little of his usual reserve asserted itself. "I was just joking, of course. I really must be go--" "Oh, come on, Jack--let 'em shoot a still. Show us you're a second Rodolph Valentino," urged Peggy. The other girls boisterously agreed. Jack looked from one gay feminine face to the other. "Well," he admitted, "I suppose it will be all right." But he really hadn't weighed the pro- priety of it in his mind for a second, and in his present exhilarated mood nothing, no matter how rash, would have feazed him. He had slipped, for the time being, from the proper John Harlan Margery knew into the wild Jack Harlan who used to wait at the New Amsterdam stage-door for Peggy. Siegel spoke to the cameraman. The bathing beauties pressed more closely around John, and he smiled into the dancing eyes of pretty Peggy. At a word from Siegel, the camera- man turned the crank a few times, and the intimate tableau was recorded on celluloid. A few minutes later John took his leave of Peppy and her companions and jumped into the hired roadster at the curb. During the ride back to Los Angeles the foam was slightly blown off, and John wondered vaguely if he had been dangerously indiscreet. He was quite sure that Margery, if she knew of his adventure, would be wild. CHAPTER VII The tinkle of John's room telephone woke him at eight-thirty the next morn- ing. The message that came over the wire in the excited voice of Peggy brought him down into the lobby of the Envoy with the speed of a fire chief bound to a blaze in an orphan asylum. Peggy pushed him to a corner settee. "I have a ten o'clock call at the 