Hats! 83 "I'll close early and run down to Mr. Cummings' shop, and see what he's got," she said one rainy afternoon. "It's on Houston street, near Lafayette, he said. I guess I can find it." Ten minutes later Beatrice climbed aboard a Broadway car and soon alighted amid that seething mass of humanity from the old and new world which nightly throngs that part of the city. As she entered the shop of Cum- mings and Son, it appeared that busi- ness was about to cease for the day. "We're not working tonight," said Cummings as he ushered her into his little office. "But I'll show you what we've got after the girls are gone." "I'll just look over the stock and see if there's anything I can use!" said Beatrice loftily. Cummings laughed! A girl put her head in the door. "Good night, Mr. Cummings," she said. "Good night, Mollie," he answered! Two more flung back their farewells as they passed out. As Beatrice looked at them she grew puzzled. They appeared strangely familiar. Where had she seen them before, she wondered. Then, as three others went by and waved to Cummings, she gasped. "Oh!" she said. "Oh! Look!" "What?" asked Cummings curiously. "Those girls! Who are they?" "They work here. Why?" "Their hats!" "What about them?" "Why, there's ‘Pink Lady,' and ‘Pop- py,' and ‘Blue Beauty,' and ‘Rosemary,' and all of them. All my hats that I sold!" Cummings started and his face red- dened. "Oh!" said Beatrice, looking first at him and then at the disappearing girls with their gorgeous headgears. "Did you--? You did--! I know you did!" "Yes," admitted Cummings. "I did tell them about your shop and that it was a fine place to get hats. I believe they are all very well pleased with their purchases." Beatrice stood regarding him seri- ously. "You can't spoof me," she said. "I know those girls couldn't afford to buy those kind of hats. You did it! You told them to buy the hats and gave them the money to pay for them, just to help me out. I know you did. And oh! I thought I was building up a fine trade, and now--" and Beatrice's lips quivered. Cummings looked towards the door. It was closed! All the girls had gone! He went over to where Beatrice was standing! "Yes," he said, "I'll plead guilty! I did do it. It was the only way I could think of to help you! I knew you wouldn't let me give you the money. I didn't suppose, though, you'd come down here and see them with the hats on. But now I'm glad you did, for it gives me a chance to tell you some- thing I've been wanting to for some time." "What?" said Beatrice, looking up quickly. Cummings hesitated. He didn't seem to know how to begin. "I've another confession to make," he said at last, a little nervously. "It's about that night you had dinner with me in my rooms. I don't know how to say it exactly, but--I had other plans when I took you there, than you knew --I--" Beatrice was regarding him gravely. "Yes," she said slowly, "I know! "That's why you locked the door, wasn't it?" Cummings started! "You saw me do that?" he asked in astonishment. 