Her Friend, the Burglar 97 for the night when the bookkeeper de- parted, but Doris knew its combination and it would not do to leave these things exposed to possible loss. So she turned the knob of the vault built into the wall, and, switching on the electric light, went in to put the check-book and papers in Kenyon's private drawer. The day had been warm and the win- dows were still open in the main office. A storm had been gathering for more than an hour, and now a sharp gust blew violently into the room. Doris was just turning the light switch when she heard the steel door of the vault, swinging smoothly on its hinges, close with a clang. With a startled ex- clamation she sprang toward it--just too late. It locked automatically and there was no way to open it from the inside. Standing in the stuffy darkness of the little compartment, she tried to think for a moment. Everyone had gone ex- cept Stephen, the janitor. He would be passing through the isolated little build- ing in a few minutes, closing the win- dows and setting the burglar alarm. Seeing the safe closed, he would as- sume that everyone had departed, and it would not be long before Stephen himself would go home to his supper. Filled with a sudden fear, she began to call out wildly, and beat with her bare hands on the unyielding door. There was a chance that the janitor might hear her. But the vault was practically sound proof, and besides, old Stephen was slightly deaf. The burglar alarm made a night- watchman unnecessary, and unless she could summon aid within a mighty short time, Doris knew she was a prisoner until morning. Her polished nails broke as she clawed at the lock barrier. She pressed her ear eagerly against its surface, hoping in vain to catch some encouraging sound from without. But the only noise in the stilled vault was her convulsive breathing and the frantic pounding of her terrified heart. Despairing at last of summoning aid, she groped her way in the darkness until she found the light switch. It turned with a little click, but no illumination fol- lowed. For a moment she wondered why, and then she understood. Even through the brick and steel of the walls she could faintly hear the crash and rumble of the thunderstorm. Evidently the electricity had been put out of order by the violence of the static disturbance. For a little while she cried, hysteri- cally, and then tried to laugh at herself; but she made rather a sorry attempt at that. It was frightfully hot in the vault, and suddenly she remembered reading of men who had been suffocated in similar situations. A feeling of horror enveloped her. She did not want to die, yet she felt miserably helpless. There was literally nothing that she could do but wait-- and as she sank down in a huddled heap beside the immovable steel shutter, she breathed a little prayer. Then, some- time in the long, measureless interval which followed, she lost consciousness. III As though in a dream, Doris heard a clicking sound amid the stillness. It meant nothing to her now, and her body and mind were numbed with an over- powering drowsiness. One shoulder was propped up by the vault door, and her bobbed head rested against it, her chin upon her breast. There was a faint current of air, and the support against which she leaned gave way. Her eyes half opened-- then closed again--and Doris fell for- ward, with her body prostrate across the threshold of the safe-deposit cham- ber. S.--Aug. 1--7 