90 The Radio Roadster which was another reason why he felt it just as well to keep them with him-- for the present at least. But at last Teddy's roadster roared up the road and halted outside the hedge of the Brewster cottage. As it came to a stop the sergeant leaped out quickly and ran toward two motorcycles which had just come to a halt. Alicia and Van Horn were at his heels, and Alicia caught Ted by the arm as she saw the officers lift the form of a woman from the side seat of one of the cycles. "It is Carmen!" she whispered, and then at a sign from the sergeant, fol- lowed the little party into the house. Doris Brewster met them in the richly furnished hall with a mixture of amaze- ment and resentment in her eyes. In the far corner her guests, looking up from their cards, rose and rallied to their hostess' side. "I'm sorry, ma'am," the officer said, "but there has been an accident and this lady needs a doctor as quick as we can get one--" "I don't wish to seem heartless," Doris said rather coldly, "but there is no physician here. Why don't you keep on to Camp Carefree--there's a splen- did dispensary there?" Then she caught sight of Alicia com- ing through the door, and, at a gesture from her, looked questioningly into the face of the injured woman. For a mo- ment her body stiffened and her eyes flashed unpleasantly; but a whispered remark from Alicia quieted the outburst that threatened. "Carry her into my own bedroom," she said to the police, and a few mo- ments later Carmen was lying on Doris' bed. Slowly the diva's dark eyes opened and looked about, and a little shudder ran through her slender frame. Alicia and Doris and Ted remained in the background, and the three from the bridge table stood outside in the hall. So Carmen, regaining consciousness, saw only the police, and a faint smile of re- lief came over her pale features. "Is he caught?" she breathed anxious- ly, and again the look of terror distorted her face--an expression of haunted loathing that was pitiful to see. "Who?" asked the sergeant sharply, and all of them strained their ears. "Mr. Brewster, of course--who else?" she said with arching eyebrows, and then the tears gushed from her eyes and her body shook with emotion. "I never knew the man could be such a brute!" With a convulsive catch of her throat, Doris turned away, and Alicia led her quickly out of the room, but Van Horn listened eagerly, with nervously twitch- ing fingers, as the officers pressed her for further information. At first she could not give it consecu- tively, but, piece by piece, the sergeant drew the story from her: On the steamer she and Harrington had become secretly engaged, and had motored up from New York to the Highview Hotel. They had arrived only that evening and had dined there to- gether without revealing their matri- monial plans. Then, in the early eve- ning, Harrington had engaged a car from the garage at the inn. He had wished her to see the studio-bungalow and to make plans with her for its early alteration. "What became of the hired car?" the sergeant asked suspiciously, for some- thing about the woman appeared to set him thinking. "Mr. Harrington sent the chauffeur away and told him to come back for us at one o'clock," she answered simply. "And then?" "We talked for a little, and after a while I began to look at his records. It was pleasant to find that he had all of my own, and just for fun I put one on the phonograph. Then, as he knew I had been intrigued by the wireless on 