118 The Lost Heiress the question Barker had been want- ing. "No," he answered. "Not in busi- ness. It's my old home. I'm a de- tective." Did the fellow's eyes narrow? Or did Barker imagine it? Telling peo- ple he was a detective was something Barker never did. If a person were guilty, it threw him on his guard. Yet, in this case, in view of the scheme he had in mind, it was necessary. "That must be interesting work," said the man, lighting another ciga- rette. "Yes. One way of looking at it. Still, it isn't as satisfactory as most occupations. A businessman can close his desk at night, and he's done for the day." "A thirty-dollar-a-week clerk may- be," laughingly interrupted the man. "Well, what I mean is: he knows the problems of his business can't be taken up again until tomorrow. But the detective is always on the job. Searching his mind for that subtle hint that may lead to the solution of the case he is working on. . . . Sometimes he puzzles along for years--and then never comes to a satisfactory conclusion." Barker settled himself in his chair. He saw that the other man was in- terested. He continued: "There's one affair that always baffled me. It's still unsolved. I don't want to bore you, but would you like to hear it?" "By all means," replied the other, politely. "It goes back three years. Maybe you will remember it, if you were in New York at the time. Were you in New York three years ago?" The man hesitated a moment, and then said, without flinching: "No!" He was perfect master of himself, but Barker felt that he had hesitated just a moment too long. Yet, if he had deliberately told a falsehood, he had not betrayed himself too much. "We called it the case of the lost heiress," continued Barker, scrutiniz- ing him closely. "The daughter of a millionaire banker, Katherine Corn- wall by name, mysteriously disap- peared. Perhaps you remember?" The man gave an embarrassed lit- tle laugh. "Something," he said. "It's so long ago. And there's so much of that sort of thing. I suppose there are any number of unsolved mur- ders, robberies, disappearances, and so forth." "Yes. But sometimes, after many years, the truth comes to light. A detective never gives up hope. And I've always felt that some day I should stumble on the story of what happened to Katherine Cornwall." The man was frowning, but other- wise he seemed no more than po- litely interested. "He's either innocent," thought Barker to himself, "or else he's the coolest scamp alive." He preferred to believe the latter. Otherwise what he was doing would be with- out point. II "I was called on the case," contin- ued Barker, "being at that time on the New York force. While we never found Katherine Cornwall, still there was one clue--one missing thread. Should we ever discover that, we might perhaps know the truth. Elu- sive at the best. But I'm ahead of my story. "I went to the girl's home, one of these big, imposing mansions not far from Fifth Avenue. This was the morning following her disappear- ance. 