54 She Had to Play the Lead see he behaves. Now, come and see the swell clothes you're going to wear. They'll be yours from now on," she added. Said Nell a few hours later, when it was dark, "She's all right now, Steve. You should have seen her face change when she saw them clothes! She's got Rita faded off the screen for looks. This one is more class than Rita. Her uncle's a judge up-state. You've got to see that Rufus doesn't get too fresh." "That'll be an awkward proposition," said Steve frowning. "From what I bear he has speed to him and ain't par- ticular about his way of expressing him- self. You see, Nell, we've got to see that he puts up the money and he won't do that unless she plays up to us. Bring her in. I've got to see she understands. I'm not going to have any failure when the biggest thing I ever went after is al- most ripe. She's in deadly fear of get- ting her name in the papers and I'll throw a scare into her that'll make her eat out of my hand." "My God!" cried Nell a half minute later, "she's gone! I'd a sworn she was in that next room!" Steve rushed into the adjoining apartment with an oath. It was plain that she had sprung from the window to the shrubbery eight feet beneath. Mary's pleasure at the sight of the beautiful clothes was perfectly genuine. All her life she had wanted just such lovely things. Yet much as she desired them the price to pay was too great. She was a romantic girl and wanted to be loved. But the idea of being forced into the arms of a sensualist like Green was too horrible. By this time she was too near hysteria to count the cost. As a siphon of aerated water diluted Steve's whisky with its sibilant sound she opened the window and jumped out unnoticed and unheard. As she ran across the grass she heard the opening door and the voices of Sam and Steve shouting. Blindly she rushed on, falling headlong over flower bed and sunken path, until the lovely clinging dress of blue charmeuse was torn and stained. And always the high stone wall for which she sought eluded her. Sometimes the pursuers came within a few yards of her, flashing their lights, but failing to find her in the gloom. At last she came in sight of the great iron gates. But they were locked or fast- ened in such a way that she could not open them. Behind her, coming fast down the drive, was the pattering of feet. Looking over her shoulder she could see from the lights on the gate posts that it was Sam and that he was angry. The excitement, the fatigue attendant on her struggle and her fear of this swearing, angry beast almost upon her, made the girl for the first time in her life faint dead away. Sam picked her up and took her near- er the light. It was on this frail girl that his hope of rich reward depended, and he had to stop himself from shak- ing her angrily as was his first desire. "What's the trouble?" said a voice from the other side of the gates. Sam looked up to see a tall man gaz- ing at him, a man with a stern expres- sion and the air of habitual authority. "Mr. Green," he gasped, "we didn't expect you till tomorrow." "You didn't," said the stranger. "Who are you and what's the matter with that girl?" "She's just fainted," said Sam, trying to appear natural. "I'm Sam. I'm care- taker here, sir, but you're expected." He unlocked the door and let the tall stranger enter. As he did so. bearing the girl's weight easily on one arm, she recovered con- sciousness, and looked up to see a strange man staring at her with uncom- mon interest. 