The House of the Missing 51 "You are pleased to be facetious," she said. "Indeed, no. Of all interests, a hu- man interest is the keenest. And when that interest is beautiful--!" he sighed. He felt her hand touch his for a fleet- ing instant. "Come," she answered, "you must not flirt with me on such short acquaintance!" But she smiled into his eyes. "And when our acquaintance is not so short?" he demanded. She rose to her feet and Clayton rose too and faced her. "If you will permit me to lengthen it," he added. She laughed provocatively. "Why, then we shall see what we shall see," she answered. She left him then and presently he took leave of his hostess and came away. He had learned little or nothing from Mrs. Fawcette or anyone. But he was not ill-pleased with his afternoon. For at least he had paved the way for a closer acquaintance with that rather dan- gerous-looking lady. And he had learned something of interest from the Girl in Gray. Clayton's pulse quickened again remi- niscently at the thought of the girl in gray, but he shook himself impatiently. Such things and such thoughts were not for him--until he had solved his problem and had found Margaret. Larry met him at his door, in high excitement. "Sure, 'tis glad I am, you're back agin, sor. That there private phone's been ringing like mad fer the last hour. Ivery minute, Misther Moore wants to know are ye back yit. He must have something important to tell ye, sor. There! There it goes again." Clayton gave his hat, stick and gloves to Larry and hurried into his bedroom. Yes, the tiny phone bell was ringing faintly. "Hello, Moore? This is Clayton. You want me?" "At last," came Moore's voice over the wire; "you bet I want you. Clayton, I believe we're on the right track at last!" "How's that?" "You remember my telling you about the young drunk I met up on Riverside Drive last night." "Of course!" "Well. I went up to his place this afternoon -- on West Forty-fourth Street--and found everything at sixes and sevens. There were a lot of young fellows of his type hanging around in the flat, to say nothing of three or four peroxide blondes. His man was nearly in tears. . . . "It seems this chap can't be found. He didn't come home at all last night and they haven't heard from him. In short, he has disappeared. He had dates with a lot of them for the morning and afternoon and evening, and one of the beauties remarked tearfully that it wasn't like Jimmy to break a date with a bit of fluff. But there it is. He's gone. His valet was just about to get in touch with the police when I left." "What do you make of it?" "I'll tell you, Clayton. Of course I may be wrong. The young rip may have been worse soused than he looked and may be sobering up in some local police station. But I don't think it was that. I didn't like the way the other fellow looked at him in the cloak-room last night, while he was talking about that party. The young fellow didn't like it either. And he told me that he had been forbidden to talk about that party. I think that had something to do with his disappearance. Of course, all this is only guess-work, but it looks queer, doesn't it?" "Well," Clayton answered, "if he dis- appeared because he talked at that party, and he disappeared last night, the people he offended and who gave the party must be fast workers." "That's just it. If he has disappeared 