The Flapper Fools Them 23 her head. "Do get me a taxicab-- there's a dear." The officer did, and gallantly helped her in. She gave him a winning little smile, and, reaching into heir purse, pulled out a five-dollar bill. "Do take this--just as a small token of my grati- tude," she insisted. "You've been so very kind." Then the cab sped up Thirteenth Street and the officer sauntered away with the thought that he would rather have kissed those pouting lips than have the five-spot which nestled in his pocket. "You can't blame them old guys, after all!" he observed to himself. "Why wasn't I born rich instead of good-lookin'?" IV Madge the Mouse watched her dainty step as she paid the chauffeur, and hurried into Broad Street station. The checks for her bags were already in her purse--having been sent from the hotel that morning--but she paused at the ticket window to purchase a Pullman seat for Atlantic City. She meant to take the train that left in twenty minutes -- although she had changed her mind about going down to the shore. However, she wished to be away from Philadelphia as quickly as possible--and it was just as well to be seen taking the ocean-bound train. Then, looking carefully around to make sure she was not followed, she went into a telephone booth and called up the Hotel Belleford. For several minutes she spoke over the wire, and then hurried upstairs to the train floor, just in time to avoid the attendant's shutting the gate in her face. A porter had checked her luggage through to New York, so Madge was was not encumbered with any burden save her beaded purse. Covertly, she peered inside and satisfied herself that its contents were intact. Then she sat demurely in her seat until the train slowed down at the North Philadel- phia station. As the car came to a stop, Madge walked with a careless air toward the vestibule, and while passengers were getting on, she stepped off. A quick dart into the waiting-room, and she was out of sight. An interval of another five minutes, and the girl was again in a Pullman seat--this time bound for New York. She gave a little sigh of satisfaction as she took off her saucy toque and handed it to the porter to put in the rack overhead. It had been fun to take another fling at the game she thought she had quit--but the best fun of all was beating a clever crook at the game he had devised. By this time, she thought, the house detective at the Belleford would probably have com- municated with the jewelry shop. Prob- ably, too, he was at that moment con- ferring with J. Buckleigh Hunt. She never had liked the man--and he had dared to criticize her own dead Bill. No man could get away with that and not pay for it. But, even so, she would not have tipped off the bulls anonymously if Hunt had not been so mean about that thousand dollars. As it was, the crafty Mr. Hunt was likely to make a sojourn in a high-walled country spot just outside the Quaker City. Madge herself was vacation bound-- not to Atlantic City, as she had related, but to Europe, where she meant to rest for quite some time. Her passage was bought and her passport made out, under a name that no one would ever associate with the former Madge the Mouse. In fact, except for this accidental slip to- day, she had played straight ever since her release from a New York prison. "It's funny," she giggled to herself, as she stared out of the window, "no- 