The Flapper Fools Them ByPhilip Somers TO those who sat nearby on the roof of the Ho- tel Belleford, the girl in the mouse-gray frock seemed a smart littie flapper. Her suede pumps barely touched the tiled floor, and the expanse of silken sheerness beneath the table revealed legs that were slim and shapely. Her saucy head was ringed with bobbed brown hair and her eyebrows were finely penciled. The man opposite was a totally dif- ferent type. His complexion was as swarthy as the girl's was pale, and his hands were as heavy and pudgy as hers were delicate. Each puffed at a ciga- rette in a long holder, and they both had sampled the contents of a silver pocket-flask. The girl was idly blowing smoke from her red lips and listening to what her companion was saying in a low, guarded tone. "Of course, I hadn't figured on find- ing you here," he said, "but it's cer- tainly good to see you. The going must have been good--to judge from the class of your costume--and the fact that you've rooms in a house like this." She smiled and shrugged her slim shoulders. "The going was good," she confessed, "before Bill was blown up by a bomb while trying to lift that necklace from the yegg who stole it." Her expression hardened and a cruel look came into her deep brown eyes. She had never forgotten the pang of Bill's death. And despite the lenient sentence she had been given because she had informed on the fellow crook who contrived to kill him, Madge the Mouse was still an outlaw at heart. "So Bill's dead!" the man said. "Too bad--but he was foolish. This rough stuff never pays in the end. My methods are different. I've lived like a lord in Rio and in Havana--fleeced 'em in Shanghai and frisked 'em in Paris-- and always in such a smooth way that there wasn't a chance to be caught." Madge the Mouse smiled bitterly. "They gave me a year and a half," she said, "in spite of the fact that I squealed on the fellow who finished Bill. That was all the thanks I got from the cops. And I haven't any desire to go to the pen again. Besides, Bill left me fairly well fixed, and it hasn't been necessary to try any crooked work since I got out of jail." "Never again, I suppose!" he chuckled teasingly. "That's what they all say; but a true crook never reforms. It's the excitement I guess. We always want it--worse than dope or hooch." "I tell you I'm off the crime stuff!" she insisted, with a negative shake of her head. "Some day I may decide to steal a millionaire's heart--but I'll only dip into his purse by means of matri- mony--" "Or alimony?" suggested her com- panion. "Now, see here, Madge--we were always good friends. I always fancied Bill, too, and I'd like to do you a good turn--" "And give me a chance to do another turn up the river?" she suggested con- temptuously. S.--Aug. 1--2 17 