46 The House of the Missing "He held a waving finger before me and went on: 'I' was like par'dise, I tell ya. I dunno wha' they gave us, but I was lost to the worl', till the next mornin'. They kep' me there all nigh'. " ‘Where was it?' I asked him. " ‘Damned 'f I know. Somewhere outa town. But ol', Babylon and Cornith hadn't a tiling on that party. I paid two hundred dollars to go, an' I wouldn't a-missed it for a thousand--girls an' divans and strange things to drink that gave ya the most won'erful dreams. Gee, what a party! They tel' me special, that I wasn't even to mention it, but that's only a a'vertising dodge. Ya can't fool me. That was one of the conditions. Made me swear not to tell before they'd take me!' He went off into fits of laughter here. "Someone else came in just then," Moore continued, "and I noticed that the newcomer stared pretty hard for an instant at the young hopeful. I don't know why. Anyhow, this fellow had some more to say that convinced me he might be useful." "Sounds like drugs, doesn't it?" Clay- ton cut in. "Wait!" said Moore. "When this young fellow had stopped laughing I pumped him gently about the party. " ‘I dunno,' he said, ‘what they gave us. Musta been some kind of drug, for I had a rotten head the next day.' "I asked him again where it was. " ‘Search me,' he answered. ‘They took me there in a closed car an' brought me away in one. Mighta been anywhere a'most.' "At this point," Moore continued, "the fellow looked up and caught the newcomer's eye and it seemed to sober him. He smiled in a sickly way and began a wild search for his hat. The other man went out right after that. But I had a good look at him and I think I know who he is. Anyhow, the young rip wouldn't talk any more--seemed scared and sobered--and I came away. But I got the young fellow's address from him." "What's your idea?" Clayton asked. "Why, follow him up and try to find out who asked him to the party. Then work it so that you or I get an invita- tion." "Sounds promising." "You bet it does!" said Moore. "Any- how, I'll follow it up, tomorrow. I'll try to get in touch with the young rip and wheedle some information out of him. But I knew you'd want to know about it first. Besides, it's as well to keep in touch with each other's move- ments I think. This young fellow lives on West Forty-fourth Street, in the Branscombe. I'll go up there tomorrow afternoon." "Right. Good luck!" "Any news at your end?" Moore in- quired. "Not yet!" And they rang off. CHAPTER VII The Girl in Gray The following afternoon, Clayton had an engagement for tea with Mrs. Fur- neau. She had told him to come early, ostensibly because they were to have a quiet talk over some plans for amateur theatricals. Since their second meeting Clayton had made a good deal of an effort to please her and their friendship was on a more or less intimate basis at this time. It had not been necessary to pretend to much admiration, for Mrs. Furneau was a charming woman. But where Mar- garet's fate might be even slightly con- cerned Clayton had none of the scruples he might otherwise have felt. He had made his admiration for the lady more evident than was perhaps necessary, hoping for the time when their growing intimacy might give him 