The Dimpled Dumb-Bell By Helen Hysell TRIP HAGAR regained his balance and stared at the bald-headed man who had pushed him away from the limousine door. The man was un- doubtedly old, and even his white mustache appeared feeble as it drooped dejectedly over his thin, loose lips. Yet it was he, the owner of the car, and not the athletic-looking chauffeur who had thrust Trip aside. Hagar was not in the habit of lurking about rich men's limousines. His busi- ness--or perhaps it might better be called a profession in this day of special- ization--had to do with those same rich men when not accompanied by chauf- feurs or other paid protectors. Trip was a hold-up man of discrimi- nation and distinction. He worked at night. This afternoon he had merely paused to roll a cigarette and was gaz- ing absently at the blue-and-gold monogram on the door of the car when the owner came out of the Hotel Gregory and crossed the sidewalk. There was no room for surprise or an- ger in Trip's eyes as he stared through the window of the car as it moved slowly away. He wanted, if possible, to catch another glimpse of the blue- green stone that adorned the old man's left hand. Trip knew a dealer in antique jewelry who would pay in the neighborhood of five thousand dollars for the Minibilh, the historic turquoise that had orna- mented a Shah of Persia in the year 1688. Trip believed he had recognized this valuable jewel on the hand that had thrust him so roughly away from the limousine. "Who was that guy?" he asked of the grinning doorman at the Hotel Gregory. "Some punch--considering." He gazed ruefully after the receding car and reflected that the man was probably too old to live through the shock of being held up and robbed. No doubt his heart was weakened by age. The doorman continued to grin. "That's Darius Blanding--his married daughter lives here." He interrupted his explanation to laugh. "Sort of sur- prised you, didn't he? Well, you never can tell about these old boys with the young ideas. They--" But Trip had sudden important busi- ness at the Public Library. His alert-young-business-man stride led straight to the big reading-room on the third floor of the building. Fifteen minutes, and he had freshened his mem- ory as to the history of a certain tur- quoise pictured in the volume he had requested at the desk. He had also dis- covered that the stone was now in the collection of Darius Blanding. Once more in Fifth Avenue, Trip strolled contemplatively in the sunshine. In the back of his busy mind danced the waxy luster of a bluish-green oval, dark and exquisitely colored and set in dull bronze. The ring was worth five thousand dollars to Berlitz, the antique jeweler, and Trip wanted the five thousand. A hold-up was impractical and danger- ous. Trip was careful to select his vic- tims for their appearance of health as 107 