She Who Hesitates- 65 "But how," asked Nita, "does he differ from the other men we meet?" Her even, silver voice was devoid of sarcasm, but Cherrie stared at her with a certain wonder. , "I've been taking stock of myself," continued Nita, eyes on the purple grapes. "And my only actual asset is beauty. I spent all my great-aunt's legacy in finding out I couldn't paint. Then, knowing I could sing a little, I thought maybe I could work up from the chorus into a star part, but now I see I can only sing and dance about average. Isn't that true, Cherrie?" Cherrie hitched up a strap of lace over a tawny shoulder and wriggled her pink toes uncomfortably. "But you're the prettiest kid in the whole blooming show. You--" "But I won't always be. Perhaps I shall get like old Zita." She shivered, and Cherrie looked at her in horror. Old Zita, toothless, evil- mouthed, a relic of a once famous and feted actress, now sold the girls ciga- rettes, and certain of these cigarettes, it was whispered slyly, did not contain Turkish tobacco. "When one hasn't any talent, and has only beauty," continued Nita, gravely, "one must marry young." "Say, kid, you got a ninety-year-old head on nineteen-year shoulders. But, if you're keen on grabbin' some guy who'll give you a platinum hoop, why not annex young Wally Camp?" Nita's answer was a flood of pink color that swept her forehead and ap- parently covered her pretty scalp. This confusion was promptly noted by the speculative Cherrie. "I opine," grinned Cherrie. a bit maliciously, "that you are beaucoup cuckoo over our Wally. Don't shock my rose-pink ear with the info that Wally, also, has done the gallant goofer act and invited you to share his name and bank account." "His name," smiled Nita faintly, "but not his bank account. His father says he will disinherit Wally if he marries out of his own set." "Hell!" snorted Cherrie, vulgarly. She plastered a black curl about her forefinger thoughtfully. "His own set! Like people was dinner-plates, that had to be matched! An' you're not one of the hand-painted, gold-edged kind, only a sort of common little saucer with rose- buds scattered on it. But you wear well, kid. An' you're not willin' to take a chance with Wally?" Nita's quick color had receded, leaving her cheeks pale again and the blue eyes seemingly two shades darker. "I love Wally," she said honestly. "And my love would probably stand poverty, never having known anything else. But it's Wally I'm afraid of! He doesn't know how to make a living, and he would hate it, and he might get tired of me, then, and--oh, I couldn't bear that! Besides, he would be giving up everything for me!" "Huh! You're one of them ten- twenty-thirty thriller heroines, ain't you?" Cherrie stretched, yawned pinkly, and out of a twirl and whirl of bedclothes, landed on her dainty toes on the rusty- looking carpet. "Well, I don't wanta horn in on your affairs, Nita, but you take my advice and look before you leap. Lemme remind you of one thing, though: "If you marry old Anton, you'll be his! You'll belong to him! Do you want his old hands to pet you? He ain't got no right to such a dainty young girl! Wally, now--he's clean! He's young! He's full of the devil, p'raps, but his eyes are bright and his mouth ain't so experienced. Think of that kiss- ing and bekissed old mouth of old An- ton's! Think of--" "Oh, stop, stop, will you!" Nita was erect in bed now, trembling S.--Aug. 1--5 