The Last Job 105 "what in the deuce are we going to do about it?" Kitty looked him squarely in the eyes and was forced to say that he seemed a man, every inch. He was slight, quick as a cat, with a pair of honest blue eyes--not so unlike her own--that looked you over with a blink. Surely, too, that firm mouth and sharpened jaw meant what they said. "Mr. Neall," she said slowly, "all I know that we're going to do about it is one thing. . . . Jim's coming with me--not going back to Sing Sing!" For the first time the safe-breaker spoke. He smiled one of his dry smiles: "Hmmm. I don't seem necessary to consult, do I?" Neall still had his gun on him; he still had both of them under his eye; and he didn't hear the question, for all his answer. Kitty, neither, paid any attention. Each realized that the battle was between themselves: "Yes, Terry Neall," she said quietly, "he's coming with me--and not with you!" The detective's eyes, though he could not be accused of exhibiting laxness, were a bit far-off in their expression. A faint smile, too, persisted in turning the corners of his lips. It was rather a whimsical smile, at that. He said nothing. "Mr. Neall," Kitty went on, "we've got to decide quickly. I know Jim's ways, and that Weiner and his serv- ant he's chloroformed may show signs of life soon and make it what you'd call interesting. I'm not afraid of any- thing else, for I knew you're as bad as Jim on one point--you always play alone, dead alone. Now, am I going to take him out of here with your con- sent, or have I got to kill you? I don't care if you kill Jim in the bargain. I've just made up my mind that he won't go to Sing Sing. Please decide!" Terry Neall surveyed them both for a long, long minute, that odd smile broadening: "Kitty McAlister," he said finally, "I'll tell you. First get over the idea that I'm backing down--but I think you're wise enough woman to know I'm not. This is my game, this is my life--this hunt business. Maybe it isn't all fun, I'm not saying. Maybe, even, I wasn't so--so damned glad to send Jim up the first time. Anyway, it's my job and it's my duty! Get that! . . . I'll tell you. I've always liked a brave woman--and I've always liked a brave man. And again, I don't think Jim Knowles at heart is an out and out crook--no, he isn't! There's one thing I think he is--I think he's a man who'd keep his word, once he'd given it. I'm taking that from my own observations, and not only from what I've heard about him. Well, now, all right--and here's my proposition: If Jim Knowles gives me his word of honor that he'll turn straight--that he'll never pull an- other crooked deal--he can walk out with you as free as air!" He paused, and watched them both shrewdly. Jim Knowles flushed--flush- ed and averted his eyes. Kitty, in- deed, came near forgetting her weapon --and it took Terry Neall to remind her of it: "You see," he drawled, "I almost might have had you then, if I'd been playing! . . . But here, this has got to be decided. If you don't agree, I swear by everything I hold sacred that I'll pump Knowles full of lead, even if you'll do the same to me. If you give me your word, though, you can walk out with the woman who I think is one of the finest. There's only one thing I ask--only one proviso I make, if you want to call it that. It's that you, Jim Knowles, get rid of your damned fool ideas and marry Kitty 