54 The House of the Missing you either very, very sorry or very, very glad." "Natalie!" She looked down for a moment and when she looked up again she was her usual friendly, frank self. "Well, then, why do you talk in that disillusioned way? It isn't a bit like you." Clayton was silent. Then, taking a wild leap in the dark, he tried to be equally frank, whatever the conse- quences. "Natalie, I know it isn't like me. It isn't even a real side of me. But I had to do it today as I have had to do it before. There is a real and vital reason. And that is all I can tell you. Do you believe me?" She looked up, laughing. Then, as her eyes met his, her smile faded into a look of wonder. "Do you really mean that?" she demanded. "I really mean just that." he assured her earnestly. "And I really mean that I simply cannot tell you any more than that." "But--but--why, that is absurd! Why can't you be yourself?" He shook his head, despairingly. "Natalie, I have told you the truth. And our friendship means far too much to me for me to lie to you, of all people. But I cannot tell you any more than that!" She stared at him for a moment or two, and then he realized what a really wonderful girl she was. For her hand went out impulsively to his sleeve and the eyes she raised to his were full of sincerity. "I believe you, then," she said, simply; "and your reason does not matter." He must have let some of his appre- ciation show in his eyes, for she flushed a delicious pink and dropped her own quickly. He leaned a little nearer to her: "And you see I can still be very, very glad about something!" he told her. She changed the subject, rather hastily. "Do you remember my telling you about some wonderful tea I had had, just before our first meeting?" she asked. Clayton hastened to assure her that he did remember; that they had discussed that tea several times and wondered about its peculiar properties. "Well, Mrs. Fawcette has promised me some more of it, and she is taking me there this afternoon!" "To the same place?" Clayton asked. Her words filled him with a vague apprehension, perhaps because by now he hated the thought of associating her closely with anything that had to do with his quest. "Yes, to the same place. Now what's the matter?" she added, laughing. "Well," he answered, "frankly, I hate the thoughts of your taking drugs of any kind, however mild. You don't be- long in that crowd, Natalie." She laughed. "Oh, but I must have some more of that tea, if only to con- vince myself that there was nothing in it and that my queer mood was only a mood." "Well, if you must go there, I wish you'd let me go with you! I know it's a funny request and I don't quite know why I don't want you to go there with- out me--but I don't!" Clayton felt very young and awkward with that speech. But there was so little that he could tell her to warn her. And he did not trust either Mrs. Fawcette or her friends. Natalie looked up at him, curiously. "You are in a funny mood today," she said; "but if you want to come along, I should think Mrs. Fawcette would be delighted to take you!" Before he could answer, she had turned to that lady. "Mrs. Fawcette." she called, gaily, "Mr. Clayton is dying to come to the tea 