52 She Had to Play the Lead slave. What we offer you is ten thou- sand dollars, or maybe more, for less than a week's easy work. He shan't pull any rough stuff with our darling daugh- ter, shall he, mother? I'm your loving father," he added, "and you are our only joy." "You needn't be afraid of Sam or Steve," Nell said quickly, as she saw a look of fear creep into the girl's face. "Sam hates the sex, and if Steve looks at a woman in a way I don't like he gets hell from me." "What about it?" Steve demanded. "Are you going back to face your land- lady's charge or are you coming in with us?" "I shall go home to my uncle," she cried. No matter what harsh measures the judge might deal out, it would be better than remaining with these people, who wanted to use her as a tool and then have her for ever in their power. "He'll come and fetch me." Steve looked at her in open admira- tion as she stood defying him. She was of middle height, slim, and her almond- shaped, red-brown eyes flashed fire. She was prettier, had she known it, than ever her idol Rita Duval could hope to be. "There's things against that," he said slowly, "first, how is he going to know where you are? Will Mother O'Ryan tell him? Not a soul knows you are here, and not a soul will unless we tell them. Be sensible. If you only knew it, there's thousands would jump at your chance. Ten thousand for a week's work. That's Rital Duval's salary, and you wouldn't ask any better than that. Nell, you take her up to bed and tell her not to get up till she's told to." "You are threatening me," she said, her face flushing. "I'm taking care of my leading lady," Steve smiled. It seemed that he was certain she would neither escape nor fail to follow his directions. Upstairs--three flights up--in a long, low room, thirty feet from the ground, she had plenty of sleepless hours to think matters over. She did not believe she was in danger so long as she fol- lowed instructions. But the thought of meeting this coarse Rufus Green, wheedling his money from him, and perhaps sealing the bargain with the in- timacy of a forced marriage, was revolt- ing. "Never," she said to herself, "Never." She was essentially a lovable, roman- tic girl, waiting as all such do for the coming of the man of men. To him she would go willingly and proudly. When she awoke from troubled sleep next morning she decided it would be best to offer no open rebellion to her jailers. Sooner or later there would come an opportunity to make a break for freedom. But before making it she must disarm suspicion. She was not allowed to go downstairs until noon. When she did she was surprised at the altered appearance of the place. Plate, linen, fine glass and china had been brought in from somewhere or other and electric light, water and gas were now installed. It was remarkable, she thought, that these crooks could have accomplished so much. Nell Schirmer told her how it hap- pened as they had lunch. "Sam is the caretaker," she said. "He got the job in the nick of time. He beat up a policeman in Jersey City and had to keep out of sight. This place here used to get broken into regular by a gang of tough kids, but not with Sam on the job. Sam was welter weight champion once. Steve had a piece put in the papers that young Van Horne, who owns this, was coming home." "Is he?" Mary demanded. "He's shooting bears in Alaska," Nell told her. "That's all he does--shoots bears and tigers and lions. Steve fig- 