92 The Radio Roadster for I meant to send from the car as well as receive--later on." His fingers trembled as he struck a match, but controlling himself with an effort, he managed to continue: "I knew the ether would be full of waves, and in order to take advantage of the higher altitude, I ran the old roadster up past Harrington's place--" He paused as he felt the tenseness in the room and grew conscious of the curious, almost doubting eyes that were concentrated upon him. "Oh, yes," he said with a bitter laugh, "I heard Carmen's songs--through the radio on my windshield at first, and later with my own ears, when I stopped before the bungalow. Natu- rally, I was surprised, but I thought I'd drop in a moment and went up on the porch. Carter was at the table, with the headpiece of his set clamped to his ears, and Carmen"--he paused and looked toward his wife--"Carmen was standing with her back to me, listening to some dance music that was coming through Harrington's amplifier." No one spoke, and after a nervous swallow, he tossed away his cigarette and went on: "Then a terrific explosion came di- rectly behind me. Harrington cried out and sprang to his feet--yelling for help and shouting out his call letters. Then I heard another shot--for it must have been that--and Carter crumpled up in a heap. I was halfway into the room, and Carmen turned on me like some maddened tigress. I saw her reach for her stocking, and I caught a flash as her hand shot out--and she stuck a long knife into me--here." He indicated the arm which he could not move and the growing stain on his clothes, but only the sergeant broke the silence: "What then?" "I don't know," answered Harring- ton lamely. "I went cold--and the next think I knew I was halfway down the mountainside, lying in the middle of the roadway. If a car had passed it might have run over me and finished me then and there--but after a time I got to my feet--and well--somehow-- I'm here." For a moment he sat staring at them. Then he rose and held out his hands appealingly. "Do you mean that you don't believe me--that you think--I killed Harrington?" he cried incredu- lously. "You can't think I'm a rotter like that!" And he sat weakly back in his chair, but the sergeant of police was totally unconvinced. He had Carmen Castle- ton's story and this tale seemed silly to him. "Mr. Brewster," he said somewhat gruffly, "you're under arrest--on the charge of homicide--assault and bat- tery--and attempted abduction of the lady in the next room." VII Dr. Hazeltine had finished dressing Brewster's wound and had confirmed Carmen's statement that she had caused it with the stiletto the police sergeant retained. Carmen was sleeping at last in Doris' boudoir, and Mrs. Brewster herself was sobbing in another room, with Alicia by her side. Nick sat in an easy chair in the dark- ened living-room, while Ted Van Horn stood by the hearth, peering specula- tively into the dying fire. Brewster did not even seem aware of the fact that the others had gone, and he paid no attention to the man in uniform, smok- ing a pipe as he lounged on a bench at the opposite side of the room. Van Horn and the others from the camp had tried to arrange for bail, but it had been promptly refused and Nick remained in custody, although still in his home. It was after four, and at any 