104 The Last Job She heard a voice--and it was not the voice of Jim or of Weiner or of the old servant. It was the voice of the man she instantly realized as Terry Neal: "Well, Jim Knowles," he was say- ing, "got you again, eh?" Jim did not answer--the detective was silent--and no revolver shot came. It must mean that he was--captured! With the lithe, noiseless tread of a panther she climbed the stairway, and as she reached the landing a flood of light streaked from an open doorway. Trough the aperture she saw what had happened. Jim was kneeling by the safe, apparently having just opened it; standing perhaps a dozen feet away, with his weapon levelled, was the hunt- er! . . . "No, Jim,"--the detective was speak- ing--"you haven't ever given me enough credit. I managed to see you at Weiner's this afternoon--I'll admit that part was bull luck. However, when I learned he'd sold a big thing and was lugging the money home, just took a gamble. Anyway, I trailed you --and I'll give you the credit to say it was no easy merry-go-round. I did it, though, and here I am--and here you are--and that's all!" Kitty got busy with a rush. Staying in the shadow she aimed her firearm at a point between Neall's shoulder blades: "No, Terry Neall," she said, her voice so firm and even that it surprised herself, "that isn't all!" She saw Jim's eyes widen with sur- prise, but he scrupulously kept them glued to Neall's face. The detective himself showed the stuff he was made of. He did not move a muscle, and his voice came calmly: "Maybe not, ah--Kitty McAlister. But don't be foolish and shoot. The moment that trigger moves, even if it kills me, Jim Knowles will get my bullet clean through his brain!" Jim's face was hard--very hard. He kept his eyes, without a flicker, on Neall--ready to spring at the least chance. The other man gave him none: "Don't get cocky, Miss McAlister," he drawled. "Knowles is my prisoner and he's coming with me. Sorry, but it's my job and it's got to be done!" "Terry Neall," returned the woman, her voice still holding that deadly even quality, "you're making a mistake. Jim's coming with me! I'm not bluff- ing, and I think you are. You see, you don't know just what it means to me. I've given my life to Jim. I've thrown away every ideal about honesty I ever had. I've hated the work he's done, I've loathed it--but I put all that aside. I loved him--and I love him--better than anything else in the world. I've had enough hell--and especially I've had enough of it these last four years --and I won't go through it again. I think you know, Terry Neall, when you meet a woman that's telling the truth. And I'm saying now that if I have to kill you to do it, Jim Knowles won't go back to jail with you again!" Possibly Jim's eyes grew bigger; possibly pride and savage daring came into them. Withal, he still shrewdly kept them on his antagonist. The detective was quiet for a short moment, and then he spoke--but first he backed slowly to the wall: "Don't shoot, Miss McAlister--and don't you make a mistake. Wait, I know you're not bluffing,"--he was partly eyeing her--"and I think you know now that I'm not. I realize you want to get Jim away--I realize you'd kill to do it. On the other hand, I've got him covered cold. It's a sort of a hopeless triangle--you get me and I get him, I get him and you get me. I'm playing straight, see--and I'm put- ting it straight. Now," he smiled, 