The Green Hat 45 selfishness seemed as if it would tear him apart. A sob rose in his throat, of love or self pity, possibly of both, but he knew in that moment he loved his wife and child, that their love and re- spect was more to be desired than all the flatteries and passions of secret paramours. Quietly he inserted the key in the door, and opened and closed it behind him. The hall was dimly lighted by one small globe set in the ceiling; its one object seemingly to make shadows rather than to give light. He took off his hat, reached out to hang it on the rack and stopped mid- way, his eyes staring wildly. Was it an hallucination? His green hat hung there! Then they had found him. Gone now was his bravery, he would have run away only he thought detectives had seen him enter the house, and had surrounded it to prevent his escape, perhaps they were in the house. He looked into the shadows. Trembling he reached out to see if the hat were real, and the nervous shak- ing of his hand dislodged something which fell with a loud clatter to the floor. He heard whispered words in the room, followed by a silence, then receding footsteps, and his ears attuned by fright, detected lighter ones as if tip- toeing, coming toward him; he dis- tinctly heard the opening and closing of a door in the back of the house. Paralyzed he braced himself against the moment when he should feel the hand on his shoulder and hear a voice pro- claim his arrest. The door to the front room opened, he watched it fascinated, expecting he knew not what, and when his wife stood revealed in the flood of light, he blink- ingly looked beyond her seeking that which his fear led him to expect. Con- scious that his wife was talking nerv- ously he let her lead him into the dining room, his eyes searching, his senses alert, he heard but did not sense her words. Seated at the table he took the evening paper which she held out to him, while his eyes searched her face. Supersensitive, he read there that she knew, and because her eyes would not meet his own, supposed she was trying to keep it from him. As she would have left him, he said in a voice that did not sound like his own. "Wait, Aileen." But the look on her face when she returned he could not interpret. "It is useless," he said looking away and trying to control his voice, "for you to pretend," he paused and cleared his throat--had he been looking he would have seen Aileen grasp the door for support--"to pretend you do not know, it was my green hat which was found at Doris Dacre's. I saw that you suspected it this morning, and, of course, now that the police have brought it back--" "Brought it back! Your hat?" Aileen stammered. "Let me finish, dear. I have spent the day in retrospections and self crim- inations. I have not been as loyal to you as I expected you to be to me. I saw where I might be accused of mur- der, and it was the faith that you would believe in my innocence which brought me back." He read relief in her face. "And, Aileen, I want you to know that the events of the last twenty-four hours have brought me to my senses. I am going to be different, but it is no use my making promises. Will you take me back, at least on probation?" "Why, Brainerd I--I-- Yes--I?" She stuttered with a confusion for which at the time he could not account, but waiting no longer, he pushed his chair back so that it fell over, went quickly to her and took her in his arms. Still ardourously clasping her, he 