Love in the Jungle 5 pected to return, though, this evening, so I came to meet you." "That was very kind of you, Mr. -?" she hesitated. "Das," he answered. "Ganesh Das. I am your father's assistant." They walked through the station to the rear. He turned to give the coolies directions in rapid Hindustani and the contrast in his almost obsequious man- ner to her, and his harsh imperiousness in addressing the coolies struck Rhoda as singularly unpleasant. Of course she was immensely relieved that he had come for her, but there was something scarcely definable about him that she did not like. "I am prejudiced," Rhoda said to her- self ; "it's only because he isn't white." "I am afraid, Miss Waler," Das said regretfully, "it may not be very com- fortable for you getting to the bungalow from here. The roads are almost im- passable or I should suggest a tonga. However, I believe unless you would consent to ride my horse, a palky would be the best way." "I do not ride," said Rhoda staring curiously at a large, black, coffin-shaped box on the ground before them. "The Mohammedan ladies use these," Das said, tapping the palanquin with his riding crop, "they are quite purdah then." He pushed back a little sliding shutter. "Am I to get in that?" cried the girl in amazement. "I think it is really the best way," he answered. "You will be carried and we'll make good time." Rhoda could not overcome her re- luctance to get in; it looked so stuffy and horrid. Imagine females boxing themselves up in this absurd fashion when they wanted to go out. She knew that women in the East were veiled, but somehow she thought it belonged more in fiction than fact. Smiling a little at the ridiculousness of the situation, she crawled into the palky and settling herself on the cush- ions felt the jerking lift as the coolies picked her up and started off. "You will find Barampadar interest- ing," he said presently; "you're in a na- tive state, right in the heart of the jungle. The natives are neither Hindu nor Moslem, but one of the aboriginal tribes driven back into these hills. They do not speak Hindustani, but have an unwritten language of their own. As yet they are fairly unspoiled and abso- lutely primitive; you'll see them go out into the jungle to hunt wild elephants and leopards, armed with nothing but poisoned arrows and bows." "How thrilling!" cried Rhoda. "And are they very ferocious?" "Not at all," he said, "they are quite tame. The Santals are a very peaceful people until," he paused significantly, "until aroused." Rhoda glanced up at him and sur- prised on his face a flash of expression so utterly malevolent that she caught her breath sharply. It frightened her, but in a second it was gone and he was bending toward her, suave, pleasant and smiling. "Just at present there is a little dis- turbance simmering," he continued. "That is what prevented Mr. Waler from meeting you." "There's danger then!" the girl cried. "None," he answered, "though I am sure had your father thought that you would be here so soon he might have made other arrangements for you. However," and his white teeth gleamed through his full lips, "there's nothing to be afraid of, I assure you. The Santals are not like the war-like border tribes of whom you are probably thinking." Rhoda said no more. She felt vague- ly disturbed, oppressed as by a forebod- ing of evil. "You are a Radcliffe girl, I believe," 