70 She Who Hesitates- vanes to pretty faces. He will forget me in a week." "He's crazy about you," insisted Cherrie stoutly. "I can prove it to you." A swift turn of her head assured her that Anton was returning down the long hall. "Say, you sit in here and keep your peepers open." She thrust the surprised and resentful Nita behind a screen of palms in the big dining-room, which had previously, been a shelter for the musicians, and turned to greet Anton with a bewitching smile. "Time's up, Cherrie! Where's Nita?" "She's gone," declared Cherrie coolly, "to powder her nose." She approached Cutler so closely that the scarlet line of her bodice touched the black of his evening coat. "Won't I do?" she asked saucily, with her prac- tised sidelong glance. "Of course you'll do," smirked Anton, "for an appetizer." And, bending, he kissed Cherrie full upon her provoking red lips. "You are a constant tempta- tion, Cherrie." He ran his thin, purple-veined hand down the girl's perfect, rounded arm, smiling at her with narrowed eyes. Then, at the discreet cough of an en- tering maid, who explained he had an urgent telephone call, he hastened away. "Come on outa there," Cherrie ad- dressed the palms. "The servants will be comin' to clean off the dinner things. Say, what d'ye think of your Cutler now?" "A perfect exhibition of senility." Nita's lips were actually grim. "Once he ran his hand down my arm like that. It was like a cold, poisonous lizard creeping on human flesh." "Honey, he wouldn't be faithful to you for a week." "Oh, for heaven's sake, Cherrie! Hush!" Nita's nerves were jangled wires. "Come out through the glass door. Down this path." "Why?" "I want you to listen. Behind that hedge." "Thanks. I've had enough eaves- dropping." "Nita, you'll regret it all your life if you don't. I swear I'm doin' somethin' for you I wouldn't do for another livin' soul. Honest, kid! It--it's somethin' no one knows. You just gotta listen. You gotta!" Nita wavered. "Is it about Wally?" "Yes. I want--" "Then I shan't go." "You will too, Nita Gilmore! You walk along this side of the privet hedge and sit on that stone seat for a few minutes. I'm doin' this for you, Nita." "You needn't," said Nita un- graciously. But she was curious. And a little fearful. She went. Nita could not see through the close privet hedge, but her intent ears pres- ently caught Cherrie's breathless tones. "Here I am, Wally. Too bad I kept you." "It doesn't matter," said Wally tone- lessly. "Nothing matters." Cherrie sighed. "You mean--about Nita--" "I'm rather cut up," admitted Wally briefly. "Blow right between the eyes. Didn't expect it." Nita could hear Cherrie's silk skirts rustle along the bench. Nearer to Wally, for her voice was lower. "I 'spose you'll think I'm a pig to say I'm glad." "What!" Wally was registering sur- prise. "Why, how is that?" "It gives little Cherrie a chance." "At what?" A pause. "You," said Cherrie, al- most inaudibly. Another pause. Nita could fancy Wally's astonished stare. "Me!" he laughed shortly. "I'm not in the market, my dear girl, for matri- 