44 The Green Hat he saw himself in a new light. He became his own denunciator. He tore his character to shreds. He had a vi- sion of himself in court his life held up to public view, and winced. Women always appealed to Bennison, especially if they gave him a little flat- tery, but he soon tired of them, he wanted variety, the excitement of the chase; still through every affair he had always loved his wife. No one could take her place. Women, et id genus omne, stirred him, but being aesthetic in his taste, his affaires d'amour had been limited. It was, he accused himself, his fear of public opinion which held him in check, for he had always managed to carry his amours to an exciting pitch, and, well, he had never gotten himself into trouble before. His common sense had told him to keep away from actresses, but Doris Dacre had been irresistible, and last night had been the culmination. If only he had brought away his hat, no one need have known. Of course, they would find that she had cut her own throat; he had not thought she would do that. The doctors said she might not recover, he hoped she would not, then hated himself for the thought, giv- ing, however, the sop to his conscience that it would be better than to ruin the happiness of his wife and baby. He saw himself hung by circumstan- tial evidence; the tracing of the hat and the recognition by the policeman, con- victing him. One moment he was filled with self pity, the next he was blurting out self accusations. Fear of the consequences was followed by resolutions and prom- ises that if he ever got out of this he would forever leave women alone. He understood for the first time that the sanctity of the home depends as much on the man as on the woman. Scared and contrite, in this hour he was sure that all women save his wife were anathema. He had walked over mountains and through gullies, paying little attention to where he was going, till tired mentally and physically, his thoughts turned to home and wife. She at least would not believe him guilty of murder. And of the other? If she knew, perhaps she would condone, for- give. At home comfort awaited for both body and spirit; so like a wayward child who had run away from punishment, and found the terrors mentally con- jured worse than the penalty he had fled, he turned back home willing to take the punishment, because he knew it would be tempered by love. Avoiding frequented places, going by by-ways, he drew near his home. De- siring but fearing to hear what devel- opments had evolved during the day he gave a wide berth to all places where such news might be heard. As he drew nearer home his thoughts flew thick and fast, wavering between a resolve to make a clean breast of all his actions and relations between Doris Dacre and himself, to a self-imposed view of the situation which pictured the suffering of his wife and child. He told himself it was for their sake he must avoid any disclosure, but knew it was himself of whom he was thinking. Half a block from his house he saw the light from the front room glowing across the sidewalk, and knew his wife was waiting for him, that little Marie would be expecting some candy, and af- ter giving him a big "yug" as she called it, would begin searching his pockets, a game they played when he reached home before she went to bed; which, of late, had not been often, he remembered. For a moment he stood outside, and a wave of love surged through him, love for his home, his wife and child. The travail of his conscience and the re- birth of his love contending with his 