The Comet and the Star 111 "So Mrs. Collinge is going with us?" "You bet she is! I stipulated that in the beginning, no long separations from my wife. She's all the family I have, Miss Lloyd." "You're lucky to have her." Then Neva Lloyd passed on. She had long since taken Elsie Collinge's measure and she wondered why a heartless little creature like that should have won a real man when other women who would have appreciated a sincere affection went without. Collinge was right. Elsie was de- lighted and she promptly plunged into an orgy of shopping in order to have something fit to wear. He was aghast at the amount of bag- gage necessary to contain her belong- ings. "Five trunks and two hat boxes!" he commented. "What have you got in them?" "Clothes, you idiot! Lovely, chiffony things! No one is going to take the shine out of me at Palm Beach." She was in high good humor for she had had tea that afternoon with Hartley Rob- erts and the colonel had vowed that he would follow her to Florida to see that she did not get lonesome while her hus- band was playing love scenes with Neva Lloyd under the palms. The Paradox company traveled south in a private car and Elsie went along as a privileged guest. During the trip she managed to antagonize most of the members by her arrogance and she made herself especially disagreeable to Neva Lloyd. Collinge noticed it and spoke to her. "What have you got against Miss Lloyd?" he asked the first night, after they had retired to their stateroom. "Principally the fact that she tries to patronize me." "Nonsense, she's trying to make you feel at home. Naturally, you are out of your element in a crowd of theatrical people." "And I prefer to remain so. I don't have to mix with these freaks when we get to Palm Beach." "Freaks! You are speaking of the people with whom I earn my living!" "You, not I!" Elsie made the dis- tinction clear. "But it's your living as well, and you got me into it." Collinge was growing angry. "I did and sometimes I wonder you're not ashamed to owe it all to me." "I hadn't thought of it in that way. So I ought to be grateful to you for the chance to make a monkey out of myself with a lot of other freaks!" His face darkened. Elsie seemed to take a de- light in irritating him these days. "Don't fuss tonight, Tom, I'm sleepy." She reached up and encircled his neck with her arm. "There, you're a beautiful thing and I'm proud of you!" She kissed him lightly, but her careless caresses had no power to thrill him in these days. Women had not entered into the busy automobile salesman's life, but the mov- ing picture actor had frequent oppor- tunities to realize what deep, overmas- tering passion between men and women meant. He had searched to the depths of El- sie's shallow nature and had come to the conclusion that she had no more to offer and he must be content with sur- face affection. The dolce far niente life of the south got under his guard and he plunged into its pleasures with almost as much zest as Elsie did. The idea of ocean bathing in February fascinated him and he spent hours in the surf. Elsie posed on the beach in an abbreviated satin cos- tume, but Neva Lloyd was a strong swimmer and it was she who went out with him beyond the breakers and swam along the coast. It was Neva Lloyd 