Lonely Heart By Harry C. Harvey, Jr. THE lamps of Shadwell High Street splashed against the savage purple of the night; there was no brightness to them, noth- ing to relieve the gloom of the crowded, toppling houses. They were oppressive. They were ghastly--and they only served to increase the palpitations of my heart. I am not a nervous man, but I had heard wild tales of Shadwell and St. George's, of the gaping maws of their black alleys . . . and of little children's screams that cut the night like a sharp blade. "Don't be moved by a pale face, pale hair and a plaintive appeal," my friend Ronald Braithwaite, of Scotland Yard, had warned me. "If I were you, I wouldn't go into Shadwell alone. You're taking your life in your own hands. But you Americans are all bull- headed ..." Too late I began to value his advice. I knew nothing of this dark quarter of London where the weird dusk crushed your very soul with terror . . . and the smell of bilge-water and other offen- sive odors made you sick; I only knew that out of idle American curiosity I was seeking a certain Olaf Bjorn's beer-house where I would enquire for a man called Yan Ericsson. I had made up my mind that I would not leave the Greatest City in the World until I visited the various quarters. I had spent an evening in Limehouse, Stepney, Blackwall, Whitechapel, the Isle of Dogs, but my curiosity would not be quenched until I had viewed the blond giants who come up from the lap- ping Thames to drink vile beer and make eyes at the pallid girls of Lon- don's Scandinavian quarter. I chose the hours after dusk for my visits be- cause there is something alluring about the nocturnal. Day is derisive; night hides the bitter scars that dawn reveals in argent irony. At intervals in the street the black opening of an alley leered at me and from its dark recesses came brutal curses in some guttural foreign tongue --at least I supposed they were curses. They sounded terrible. Occasionally I saw a shadowy person slinking among the piles of tumbled dwellings, or the gleam of a light in an open window, but for the main part the street was de- serted and lonely. It was more than lonely; it was frightful. And those yawning alleyways! After a deal of observation and ma- neuvering, I finally located a place that --according to Braithwaite's descrip- tion--resembled Olaf Bjorn's. I stood outside a moment, wondering whether or not I should enter. It was not invit- ing. A pale lamp gasped above the sign that bore what suggested Swedish let- tering. And through the cracks of a sagging door a few streams of light struggled out. The windows were cov- ered. From the interior came sounds of boorish mirth. At length I summed up courage and pushed the sagging door open. If I ex- pected my entrance to be noticed I was disappointed; no one looked at me. They were too interested in their beer and loud talk. I was almost choked by 85 