The Radio Roadster ByHoward Rockey FULL of surprises as Camp Carefree was, no one imagined it would develop the thrill provided by its private radio station that summer evening. Carefree is one of those exclusive outdoor communities which has become a rendezvous for those who like to rough it in luxury. Beautifully situated in the foothills of the Adirondacks, it is the haven of the never-idle rich who prefer privacy at any price, and seek sport as an antidote for the strain of a social season. The night when it all took place was a bit too pleasant for remaining in cozy bungalows or the roomy community clubhouse--at least it seemed so to the more active set. A gay little group in flannels and sport togs was gathered about a fire of pine boughs, but Alicia Gray and Ted Van Horn strolled across the lawn to the little radio building. In an effort to amuse them, the wireless operator tuned in on several broadcasts, but the two soon tired of listening to the start of a stupid lecture and parts of a concert or two. Then Alicia asked the man to get Nick Brewster's pretentious place, nes- tling under the mountain at the other end of the valley, and in due time Doris Brewster's voice came clearly through the ether. "Nick's off somewhere in his road- ster," she said as Alicia adjusted the headpiece over her bobbed locks. "I'm sure he's up to mischief, and I thought that perhaps he might have driven over to Carefree." "If he comes I'll send him home," laughed Alicia. "I'm tired of flirting with the husbands of my friends." "By the way--speaking of flirting," Doris went on, "did you hear that Car- men Castleton arrived on the Colosi- tania yesterday?" "No," answered Alicia, with a twinkle in her eye. "Surely you don't suppose that Nick's gone off to meet her?" "Hardly," Doris admitted with amusement; "but you know you never can tell with these opera singers. Most of the really nice men I know have lost their heads, if not their hearts, to her at one time or another." "Oh, come on!" growled Ted Van Horn; "she'll chatter all night if you let her. Cut off and let's pick up some jazz from one of the New York roofs." Ten minutes later they were toddling on the big outdoor dance floor, as the syncopation of the orchestra from the Glitter Garden sounded from the gigan- tic amplifier the camp had installed. At intervals the music changed, when the radio operator sought variety of pro- gram, and the novelty of trotting to strains from miles away rather appealed to the crowd. The sensation was almost like that of possessing magic ears, for the receiving range of the station was more powerful than is permitted by the letter of the law. But enforcement agents of every sort gave Carefree a wide berth, and many obnoxious laws were dead-letters at the camp. Hence the sound waves brought them news and amusement from astonishing distances. 83 