Saucy Shots from Studios 127 should not be allowed the ballot." We hold the presses to add two thrill- ing bits of news that have just reached us over the wire: Lincoln Plumer's favorite pet is an Australian Galah (they make such dear pets, the galahs!). And: Betty Compson does not live with her husband! She isn't married! IV It has always been a tradition that lady villains should be dark, and hero- ines blonde. But for Shackles of Gold, the newest Fox feature, the conditions are reversed and Myrta Bonillas, dark and sparkling, is the heroine, while Eileen Cassidy, fair and blue of eyes, is the villairiess. This brings up an interesting ques- tion: Are the adventuresses of history dark or blonde? Helen, who caused so much gossip around Troy and sent top- less towers toppling, had light hair; but Cleopatra, Mark Antony's lady-friend, was possessed of raven locks. For ourselves, we fancy Barbara le Marr's type. You remember that Miss le Marr was "Milady" in The Three Musketeers, and is soon ta play "Antoinette de Mauban" in Rex In- gram's The Prisoner of Zenda, Barbara confesses that she takes a holy delight in playing bad women. "There is good in it because it brings us back to eternal verities," she insists. "The scarlet woman of the old days has become in modern writing the dam- sel who is pale-pink, or slightly mauve. Black and white has been mingled in a muddled mass of neutral hue. The lady who sins nowadays is not really sinning, she is having a 'complex.'" Men Wanted for Detective Work Experience Unnecessary Write J. Ganor, former Govt. Detective, 152, St.Louis, Mo. You can make $18.00 Daily Great Introductory Offer Giving These $1.25 Dress-Making Shears Free Value $1.25 Self-Sharpening Shears With each sale of our wonderful 11 piece Toilet Article Assortment for only $1.75. Total store value $4.60 MY! HOW THEY SELL You get the interest with the fress Shears. Walter Harris sold 800 boxes in 6 weeks. Profit over $600.00. Only 20 Boxes a Day Means $18.00 Daily Profit! ACT NOW! Sells like hot cakes year 'round. A baby could sell "Lucky 11." Don't delay a min-ute. Write for circulars explaining our unique plans, in-cluding 30 other packages. Act Now! E.M. Davis Co., Dept. 1347 Chicago, Ill. You Needn't Tell the Secret Restore your graying hair with Mary T. Goldman's Hair Color Restorer and no one will ever know. No streaks or freakish dis-coloration, noth-ing to wash or rub off. The re- stored color is even and per-fectly natural in all lights. Mail coupon today for free trial bottle and test on a single lock. Be sure to state exactly the color of your hair. En-close a lock if possible. When convinced by wonderful results, get a full-sized bottle at drug-gist or direct. Mary T. Goldman 1387 Goldman Bldg., St. Paul, Minn. Please send me your FREE trial bottle of Mary T. Goldman's Hair Color Re- storer. The natural color of my hair is black jet black dark brown medium brown light brown, light auburn or blond Name Address In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 