A Rogue in Love 75 idly by and see him make love to an- other woman. She could show an in- terest in Alice Ainsley without creating comment: Alice was her understudy. "If you will come to my apartment tomorrow at four o'clock I will go over your part with you, line for line," Diana said sweetly. "In case you ever are called to play it you must be letter-per- fect; else Mr. Sutherland will be furious. After all, he is the star and we must work to please him." So Alice went to the Devereaux apart- ment, not to please Diana, but for his sake. She must learn everything she could against the possibility of some day appearing opposite to him in the play. Diana's home was small but very charming. The thing which struck Alice immediately was the quantity of photo- graphs of Maurice in the apartment. From every wall, on table, mantel, desk, the actor's likeness gazed back at one. Alice found it a little difficult to be per- fectly natural with Diana before the mournful, handsome eyes of the star. Miss Devereaux was businesslike, yet charming. They had reached the big scene in the second act when the tele- phone bell rang merrily and the leading lady was forced to lay aside the script and answer the call. Immediately Diana turned to Alice with a frown marring her handsome features. "It is Mr. Sutherland. He is on his way up. Will you ... go in there for a moment and wait, Miss Ainsley?" Probably Alice mistook her directions, for when she pushed aside the curtain, she found herself in a small alcove from which there was no escape. Indeed, be- fore she quite realized her surroundings, Sutherland was in the apartment. His first act was to draw Diana into his anns and attempt to kiss her. The actress resisted him. and even in that moment of pain Alice caught herself wondering how any woman could re- pulse Maurice. "Please don't," murmured Miss Deve- reaux, and struggled to free herself. He didn't understand and laughed with good-natured tolerance. "What have I done now?" he demanded. "Oh, Lord, Di, you're forever raking a fellow over the coals. Tell me--whom have I been making love to now?" "I don't know, but somebody," re- torted Diana coldly. "It is always some- body." "Of course," laughed Maurice. "I should be hanged and quartered for a rogue, eh? Di, you know deep in my heart there is only one woman and she is you." "I know you are inconstant, wayward, capricious," Diana replied. "I'm not ex- actly jealous, Maurice--you wrong me. But I am . . . disheartened at times. With you a new face means a new love. No, not that, either, for it isn't love." "Forget it, my dear," he laughed, fall- ing into a chair and lighting a cigarette in a long amber holder. "That is a purely masculine trait--to sin and then forget it, because it hap- pens to be unpleasant," Diana said se- verely. "There are some things I find very hard to forget--or forgive, Maurice. All the girls you have made unhappy-- Pretty, inexperienced little moths-- Even my own maid, two years ago! You can't deny it, Maurice." "I'm not going to," he retorted lazily. "That is I, take me or leave me. But isn't it rather late in the day to be taking me to task this way, Diana? What have you found out about me this time?" He laughed deep and low and there was vanity in the man. "Take me or leave me. this is I, my dear." Presently she got rid of him--"as soon as she could," she told Alice afterward. Alice was as white as a sheet, with scarcely voice enough to answer Diana, and when the leading lady said nothing 