A Rogue in Love 81 didn't know it was loaded with car- tridges." Then he lapsed into unconsciousness. Naturally everyone wanted to wait to hear the doctor's verdict. They with- drew to the greenroom and whispered together in corners. Miss Devereaux shut herself in her dressing-room and it was there Alice and Hal Ross found her a few minutes later. "There is something Miss Ainsley wants to say to you," announced the young man, looking very strong and handsome standing there beside his sweetheart. "She wants to tell you what really occurred in the dressing-room be- tween Mr. Sutherland and herself." Diana's eyes were cold and dry but Alice spoke quickly, frankly. "You have said that I shot Mr. Suth- erland. I didn't; you've heard him ad- mit that, and state that the pistol was in his own hand. Mr. Sutherland had been making love to me, and I--I re- fused to take him seriously. He asked me to come to his dressing-room, he had something to show me. It was a love letter, written years ago by a silly schoolgirl to a great actor--yes, I wrote it to him. "I told Mr. Sutherland that since then I had changed, and now it was the actor I admired, while the man in my life was --was Hal, here. I told Mr. Sutherland that he really didn't care for me--it was simply a case of new face, new fancy; but he swore that unless I believed him, and cared in return, he would kill him- self. "He had disappeared a moment be- fore and returned with the pistol. I recognized it, of course, and I thought it was loaded with blanks, as it is in the play. When he turned the gun upon himself, I--I didn't stop him; be- cause I thought he was still acting--" Her voice died away; Hal caught the sound of a sob in her throat. "If he dies it won't be my fault, but I feel that I can never be happy again." Diana's brow cleared. "You are a sensible girl," she cried, "and I hope you and Mr. Ross will be very happy. As for Maurice--" She dug her teeth into her lip to keep back the tears. "He mustn't die," she moaned. Then the doctor came with his verdict. "Mr. Sutherland is ready to go home. A few days' rest, and then-- He is a very fortunate man. Happily the bullet struck the steel rib of the corset he was wearing and instead of a tragedy he has merely a flesh wound. Mr. Sutherland is asking for you, Miss Devereaux." Neither Maurice Sutherland nor Di- ana Devereaux appeared in the leading roles of the play for the remainder of the week, and so it came about that their understudies got their chance. And Alice and Hal covered them- selves with glory. Indeed, the manage- ment liked them in the parts so well that they were put under contract to head the company which was to open in Chicago. "Everything's so wonderful, Hal!" whispered Alice. "There's not a colud except the mystery of the shooting. For there always were blanks in that pistol, dear. How that single cartridge came to be there--" "It was Diana put it there," Hal told her. "Miss Devereaux saw you and Sutherland go into his dressing-room, and then she disappeared into hers, which is just next door, and listened. She heard what Maurice said, and knew the man well enough to divine what he meant to do. Before he could get the gun, she slipped out of her room, and changed the blank for the real thing. I'm sure Sutherland knows and has for- given her. She was half mad with jeal- ousy and was determined if she couldn't have him, no one else should. Since it was just a flesh wound, the whole inci- dent is closed." Then he drew her into a sheltered doorway and kissed her. S.--Aug. 1--6 