A Dead Man's Business 41 The Kid laughed. "Yes, I seen her yesterday when I was trailin' you," he replied. "She's some little peach. I don't blame you." Billy looked at him sidewise. "Say, you didn't tell anyone about that--stone?" he asked, after an awk- ward minute. The Kid clucked his tongue against his lips. "Who--me?" he said. "Why should I? I told 'em you picked off my hun- dred. That's all that was my grief. Old Bill's on his own job and don't you forget it. And now it's--" he pulled out his watch "--it's ten after eleven, if you want to know." It was the slipping of his watch back in his pocket that reminded him of a paper he carried--a note for Billy. "Oh, say," he said. "Feller from the sailor's home brought this up to Flannigan's yesterday." The note was on blue-lined tablet- paper, written in a round, childish hand. Dear Sir-- Mamma found some letters of Mr. Cooper's, so they're at the sailor place if you want them. A terrible thing happened. Mamma lost the diamond. We think she must have thrown it out with trash. She's so broken up about it that we're leaving the house and she's going to Chicago. So I guess we won't see you again. Yours truly, Letty Pinkus. Billy crumpled the note up, threw it into the street, and laughed. "Well, there you are, Kid," he said. "That's how Bill fixes it. Call off your ghosts. It's all over now--unless some puppy like you helps put somebody wise to me." The Kid smiled a little. "There ain't no help needed for a dead man's business," he said. "So long, Billy." V At three minutes to twelve Billy got to the bakery. Tim was there, counting cash to close up. Billy had expected two dark eyes to be watching for him anxiously. He felt a bit disturbed when he saw they weren't there. "Well, I see you got past the cop- pers," Tim grinned. "How'd you do it?" "I ran," Billy said shortly. "Where's Babe? Has she been here?" "Who--that black-eyed kid that visits her aunt?" Tim inquired. "Yeh, she just left. Been in to tell Minnie good- by. Yeh--they all call her Babe--but her name's Letty Pinkus." 