44 The House of the Missing rooms had a single door into the hall. This was fitted with a Yale lock. The common bathroom was, of course, the difficulty, and was probably the reason why he had found the rooms empty. With the somewhat embarrass- ing sociability of some old Southern and a few old New York houses, this bath- room had three doors--one into the hall, one into the front flat and one, at the back, into what was now Moore's bed- room. Of these, only the door into the hall was now in use, the other two being nailed up. There was only one doorbell to the house, which rang in the basement. For a small monthly gratuity the grocer's wife or one of her numerous children opened the door for all visitors. The tenants had keys. When Clayton crossed over to help Moore install their private telephone, he found him waiting at the front door of the house. He ushered his partner proudly into the drawing-room, fur- nished in seedy-looking plush. The door was open into his bedroom beyond and the first thing Clayton noticed was a lot of telephone wire, lying on the floor. "I've put one instrument in already," Moore told him, "and I have the bat- teries and the instrument for your end. We'll put that in later. I'm a bit of an electrician and the job was an easy one. As for my own instrument--I'm going to keep it in my clothes-closet and keep the closet locked, you see? It will have a buzzer but not a loud one, so that you can get me when I'm here, but mostly I imagine I'll be calling you up. . . . "You see, I'll have to have a fashion- able studio or something somewhere, to carry out my role of the dilettante lounge lizard. This place would never do as my official residence, from a social point of view. But it ought to be handy as an ‘earth' perhaps." "What's the idea of keeping the phone in the closet?" "Well, someone will have to take care of the rooms and I don't want a cleaning- woman messing about it. Trust nobody is our motto, old boy." "And my end of it?" "Oh, that doesn't matter so much. You can trust Larry, can't you? We'll put it in your bedroom and you can tell Larry not to let anyone else in there. How's that?" "That's all right I should think," Clayton told him. "Now, suppose we go over to my rooms and finish the job on the other instrument and then we can do the wiring later, when all's quiet." "Right! And Clayton, I forgot to tell you that you have an account with the Guaranty Trust on which you can draw up to any amount within reason. Don't forget that, because you may need it. You won't need to itemize your expenses. I fixed that up with the Chief. Now, let's go." They spent an insane sort of a night. First of all they installed the other in- strument, batteries and induction coil in Clayton's bedroom, with an additional buzzer in Larry's room for safety. They had no trouble in getting the thing into working order, though the outside wiring was difficult as they had to work silently and in the dark. The same week marked the debut of Moore and Clayton in the social game. Moore took a studio in Greenwich Vil- lage, furnished it superbly, dabbled in sculpture and invited his ever-growing circle of friends and acquaintances to come to tea, discuss art and view what he described to his partner as his atrocities. Clayton followed Moore's advice and took to himself the pose of a disillu- sioned worldling of esthetic tastes. Night after night they held long con- versations over their telephone, compar- ing notes, so as to avoid each other's tracks as much as possible. In this way they seldom saw each other. 