46 The Green Hat asked, "When did they bring back my hat?" As she hesitated, he added, "I saw it in the hall, you know." He felt Aileen turn cold in his arms, and saw her eyes grow round with fear. "Come, dear," he encouraged, "I can stand the worst." "They didn't bring it," Aileen whis- pered in a frightened voice. "It--is-- was--" she hesitated, sparring for time. Then suddenly: "You say you saw I suspected about the hat this morning. Well, when I read the paper and noticed you did not wear your green hat, and then later that it was not on the rack, I went out and b--" "Daddy! Daddy, you did come back! Now muvvy it's my turn to be yugged." And Marie in her tiny blue pajamas pushed in between them, and clambered up till her soft arms were entwined around his neck. The tears started from his eyes. There was nothing in all the world worth this, and he held her close to his heart. "Yere 'at was a big yug," she de- clared in her baby talk and climbed down. "Now, where is my candy?" she asked. He let her search for a while, en- joying the ramblings of her tiny hands. Impetuously he picked her up. "Daddy," he said, "forgot all about your candy, Marie, so he'll have to put some money in your bank." And with much ceremony he deposited "a whole big nickel." "Now, Marie, must go to bed like a good little girl," he enjoined, and glan- cing over at Aileen who still stood by the door white and immobile, he added: "poor muvvy's tired." "Muvvy?" inquired Marie without warning, "Why did the man go 'ivout his pitty green hat?" Brainerd shot a glance at his wife, who was leaning heavily on the door. "What man, Marie?" he asked. "Why, Doctor Illington, he went out the back door like this." She struggled from his arms and tiptoed out of the door looking back over her shoulder. Brainerd did not look at his wife, in- stead he chased Marie crying: "You rascal, run along to bed," and gave her a spank as she ran up the stairs. Returning he found his wife still standing, but now in a defiant attitude. Ignoring the challenge in her eyes he clasped her in his arms and kissed her, then suddenly burst out laughing. Aileen pulled away from him. "I don't see anything to laugh at," she bristled. He held her at arm's length and Smiled teasingly, "Don't you? Well, I was thinking that now, it will be Illington who will have to worry about the loss of a green hat." BROTHER-- "Do you think father and mother ought to be allowed to see this play?" Sister-- "Why not? They're so old-fashioned that its risqué lines will be over their heads." 