36 A Dead Man's Business Bill laughed, pinned it into the vel- vet, and told her he was hunting a boarding-house. "Mother's got one," she suggested; "at sixty-four James Street. Six dol- lars a week." But Bill didn't go. He found the four-dollar place where his pals were, and it was as all right there as it usually was, only Letty Pinkus came into his sleep so much that next day he packed his bag, and hunted 64 James Street, after all. Letty opened the door for him. "Oh," she smiled, "I've waited for you since yesterday." Bill grinned almost out loud. "I wasn't comin'," he said--"but I got thinkin' about you." Letty blushed a bit shyly, invited him in, and took him upstairs to the second- floor-front. "Say, put on my stone again, will you?" he asked her. "I never seen any- thing all my life long as purty as that on your neck." He tied it on awkwardly, and while she moved about with towels and a blanket, he watched every flash of the radiant thing, like a bit of flame. Then she gave it back, touching it half fearfully. She told him supper would be ready at six. "And I'll bring some hot water," she said. Bill left the door open so he could hear her feet on the stairs. He picked up a flower she'd dropped out of her belt. He shut his eyes to bring her face back into the room--then, rather sud- denly, he slouched back against the wall, and shut his fingers tight around the bed-post. But after a minute he straightened up again, and brought a scrap of scrubby paper and a pencil from his pocket. At a quarter to six Letty Pinkus took a tin bucket of hot water upstairs. Bill's door was ajar. She knocked softly, then pushed it open and went into the room A minute later Mrs. Pinkus, down- stairs at the stove in the kitchen, felt Letty's hand on her arm, cold as a touch of snow. Her face was utterly bloodless. "Mother," she gasped, "that old sailor is dead!" And he was. All slumped down in the chair by the window. Drink had got his heart at last. There was a crumpled yellow flower in his hand. Beside him was a scrap of dirty paper across which was scribbled: I want this here Letty Pinkus to have my jewel. Signed, Bill Cooper, May twenty. II Billy King, at a rear table in Shoof's cafe, brought out his wallet, and counted the bills he had--one five and two ones. He was a slick young loafer --pickpocket by profession--a grafting sort of chap who'd never done an honest turn in his life. "There you are, Kid," he said to the dark fellow with him. "Go as far as you like, but right here's all I've got. You know yourself that things have been damn skinny lately." The Kid laughed shortly. "Yeh. Damn skinny for me," he re- plied ; "but I got one thing doped out all right. I ain't going broke no longer, with you owin' me seventy-five bones, and goin' around yourself with silk socks and a mustache." Billy twisted the ends of the criti- cized mustache and laughed from one comer of a cigarette mouth. "You got one green hundred in your vest," he remarked. "I saw you put it there." 