58 The House of the Missing ties and books; the light loves of the average young sower of wild oats had never appealed to him. So he had to struggle against a very torrent of long- ing and emotion now that he had met Natalie. For he was wildly, hopelessly in love with her. They had known each other for only three weeks, but the thing had come on him like a very flash of revela- tion and was unmistakable and not to be denied. They say that women are aware of these things. If she knew that Clayton loved her, Natalie did not show it by word or look. She was very lovely that morning. The sun vied with the wind in torment- ing Clayton by playing hide and seek in her wayward masses of hair. Her beau- tiful face radiated health and happiness, so that passersby turned and watched her brazenly. Ever the lovely eyes looked into his, clear, innocent and friendly, until laugh- ter and badinage died on his lips and he rode beside her tongue-tied and al- most blind with longing to take her into his arms, there in the sunlight, and tell her that she meant the past, the present, the future and all life to him. Perhaps she guessed. For she talked on at random and more rapidly than usual, until he recovered some show of casual companionship. At her door she left him with lowered eyes and only a faint "Good-by," so that he left her house happier than he had ever been in his life. By the time Clayton had bathed and dressed for his lunch with Ivanovitch, something of the mood of the morning had passed and he was back in the spirit of his quest again. He called for the Russian in his little car and took him to an inn out on the Peekskill road. It is a beautiful place, that inn, and the Russian enjoyed him- self, although Clayton could not supply him with anything to match his wonder- ful tea. Clayton had schooled himself in a line of subtly degrading conversation to spring on Ivanovitch, and he discovered that the Russian followed his lead with extraordinary alacrity. In his subtle and charming way, Ivanovitch gave vent to a series of the nastiest remarks Clayton had ever listened to. He felt that it would have been a real pleasure to throw him over the balcony of the inn, into the gorge, some fifty feet below. Clayton did his best to convince the Russian he shared his views and his tasies. He took a leaf from Moore's book and admitted that he had run the entire gamut of sensations with the ex- ception of drugs, and that he was too lazy to go in search of those. Finally he admitted quite frankly that he had heard of some wonderful tea that had been served at his house, and begged him to tell whether it was really as capti- vating as it had been called. But Ivanovitch was cautious. He told Clayton he had had some of that tea the preceding afternoon, and that it was merely good tea. So Clayton let the matter drop en- tirely and talked about Russia and other general subjects until it was time to take him home. At his door, however, he tried once more. "Well, monsieur, I hope you will give me another opportunity to enjoy your society. You are a man of the world. And I hope that if you run across something new in this weary round of nights and days, you will let me share it with you!" Ivanovitch bowed, smiling his cynical smile. "Who knows, perhaps I may yet be able to introduce you to a new sensation, my dear Mr. Clayton." And with that, they parted. There had been something about his smile that Clayton did not entirely like. 