Hats By Frank Dorrance Hopley WHEN Beatrice op- ened her eyes they looked up into the face of a young man who was bending over her. "Are you hurt?" he asked anxiously. "I don't know," replied Beatrice, trying to sit up, and falling back onto the pillows again. "Where am I?" "On a lounge in the back of your store," responded the young man. "I carried you there when you fell and--" "Fell!" interrtipted Beatrice. "I don't remember! What happened?" "You were in the window. Going to trim it up, I guess, and I was pass- ing. You had your back towards the street and I stopped to watch you. Then you started to go up the step- ladder. It tipped a little and you lost your balance and fell I ran in and picked you up, and carried you to the lounge. Here! Take a drink of water and maybe you'll feel bet- ter. It's lucky you weren't killed. You certainly came down with a smash!" Beatrice suddenly stopped drinking the glass of water the young man had handed her. "Oh!" she cried anxiously. "Oh! were they hurt too?" "Who?" "Pink Lady, and Spangles, and Pop- py and Pearl, and Blue Beauty and Rosemary!" The young man looked at her curi- ously. Evidently he thought the fall, for the moment, had impaired her reason. "I didn't see anybody but you," he answered. "Who are all these people you're so worried about? "Oh! the hats!" "Hats!" "Yes," said Beatrice leaning over the end of the lounge in order to get a better view of the store window. "Every hat I make I give a name. It's just like a child to me. For instance, that pink one all covered with chiffon and roses, I call ‘Pink Lady'!" "I see!" said the young man, laugh- ing. "It's a great idea. No! the hats weren't hurt. They're on the counter just where you put them before you stood on the ladder!" "I'm so glad! If I'd smashed them it would have been terrible. Just as if some one died." "It would!" said the young man solemnly. "But. say!" he added. "What do you do when you sell one? Doesn't it make you feel badly to part with them ?" Beatrice laughed. She was feeling better! "I have yet to experience my first sorrow," she said. "You see I've only- had the shop open a little over a month, and I haven't sold any yet." "Open a month and not made a sale?" "No. I'm afraid the location isn't a very good one. I thought being near the avenue I would get a good deal of trade. But it hasn't come yet." The young man was silent a moment. Then he rose and reached for his hat. 79 