76 When Father Forbids thought that she would have told you about it!" "For God's sake don't stand argu- ing," Willie snapped back at him, and it was proof of how disturbed Collins was in his mind in that he did not re- buke the boy for his tone. "For God's sake get on the phone and call up the police. Call up New York--get busy --do something--or I will." Willie went quickly to the telephone, and shortly afterwards both the Mi- nerva police and the headquarters of police in New York knew that the sev- enteen-year-old daughter of the banker had mysteriously disappeared. Collins almost collapsed, for deep in his heart he was devoted to Joyce, and their frequent quarrels were only caused by a too great similarity of nature. Somehow the night dragged through. Willie, despite telephonic commands from home, refused to return there. Instead, he sat in Collins's library and the telephone was kept busy all night. Collins, on Willie's suggestion, caught the eight-thirty-two for New York the next morning, but his journey proved fruitless. After harassing the police and having enlisted the aid of the press, having used his influence with a big politician and having generally taken up every possible clue, Collins re- turned to Minerva, reaching there late the same evening. He had telephoned from New York the train he was trav- elling on, and so it was Willie who met him at the station. "Any news?" asked the father breath- lessly. "None," Willie told him as they en- tered Collins's car and drove to the house. "I have a clue, though!" "What is it?" Collins nearly hit a lamp-post in his excitement. "I've only just got it," Willie re- turned excitedly, "but Valentine is not in town!" "What do you mean by that?" flashed Collins at him. "At first, I thought of white slav- ers," Willie answered thoughtfully, "but then Joyce is so clever. Now that I find Valentine is gone--well--I don't know what to think. I saw his house- keeper--and she didn't know anything about him except that he had telephoned to ask if there was any mail for him from East Marling." "That's only about sixty miles," Col- lins said shortly. "What's the time?" He looked at the clock on the dash- board, which showed it to be twenty minutes to eleven. "We could make it before one," Wil- lie suggested, but already Collins had turned his car and was speeding East. Mile after mile flew by in silence, and Collins exceeded every known speed law. "I've advertised a five-thousand-dol- lar reward," Collins remarked once. "Well, I intend to get that money," Willie returned grimly. "I want the girl more, though!" "You can have your five thousand," the other growled. As they entered the city limits of East Marling the clock showed it to be a quarter past twelve. Collins slowed down. "There is only one decent hotel," Wil- lie remarked. "It's a kind of road- house--a cabaret and all the rest of it. Better go there first. Turn to the right after the next corner." Later, Collins drew up before the roadhouse. It was typical of that kind of place, where exorbitant prices, infe- rior music and insolent service pre- vailed. "Better go about it cautiously," Wil- lie advised, and Collins nodded assent. The place was also a hotel, and Col- lins strode up to the desk. "I want to register," he told the night clerk. As he did so his eye caught the sig- 