96 Lonely Heart Braithwaite moved to intervene, but I stayed him. "This isn't an affair for Scotland Yard!" I whispered. The two big men closed together, their muscles gleaming white in the dimness, their heavy breathing audible even above the noise of the wind and sea. The girl screamed. A sudden lurch of the vessel flung her forward and I caught her just in time to prevent a fall. She smiled up at me weakly. "You came," she gasped, "but almost too late!" Clelia clung to me, her eyes wide, watching the fight. And, God! such a fight! Circling, clinching, striking with almost super-strength, the two giants struggled over the deck. One moment they rolled on the slimy floor, the next they were up, circling and sparring again. No one intervened. When two men fight for a woman intervention is useless. But I thought it would never end. In the darkness I could see the faces of the men smeared with blood. Something dark was dripping from their lips. At an unexpected sideward roll of the schooner they were flung to the deck. I caught the flash of something bright, saw an arm upraised. Clelia screamed. I was too frightened to make a sound. But the arm never fell. With a leopard-like leap the man on the bot- tom got to his feet, and I saw Sigurd Vannis retreating slowly to the low stairs that led to the deck above the cabin. The knife lay under Ericsson's feet. "You -!" Ericsson screamed. The two men came together again on the deck above the cabin. For a mo- ment they seemed one, then the roar of a bull ape burst from Ericsson's throat. I saw him literally lift the clawing Van- nis above his head! Leaning forward he flung the body outward. For an in- stant Ericsson tottered on the edge of the deck, endeavoring to regain his bal- ance, then plunged down past the side of the vessel into the water. Clelia screamed. She tore herself from my grasp. Too late I divined her purpose. Like a flash she crossed the deck, hung suspended above the railing, then vanished. I reached the side of the ship in time to see her disappear beneath the water. "Clelia! Clelia!" I screamed. I saw Ericsson's face appear above the water, the golden hair of his girl clutched tightly in his fist. The face of Clelia, too, came to the surface, then they both sank again. A wave broke and rolled over the spot where they dis- appeared. VI The following night the telephone in my room at the Cecil rang. It was Braithwaite. "Hello, this you, Lombard? . . . I've just come from the hospital. Erics- son's been conscious for nearly five hours and he's sitting by her bed watch- ing like a hawk." "Do you think she'll pull through?" "The wound on her head where the life-belt struck her is about the only thing serious." "When will I see you again?" "Are you going to leave for America tomorrow as you planned?" "No, I hardly think I'll go that soon--" "I knew you wouldn't," he said laughingly. "The spell of London's got you!" "Where are you dining this evening?" "Nowhere in particular." "What about taking me to the quiet little place in Soho that you told me about? You know, they say Soho is about the only really quiet spot in Lon- don. . . . And I do feel like I would thoroughly enjoy a quiet evening!" 