110 The Comet and the Star awfully small outlook. I'll bet if you wanted to throw over the Paradox peo- ple you could get double with The Fea- ture Films." "And leave Hyams in the lurch after he's been so decent to us?" "You mean leave Neva Lloyd." "Elsie!" "Tom!" she mimicked him. "Don't forget that you called her a peach when you first began to work with her. I don't mind if your professional admira- tion slops over a bit, but don't think you are hoodwinking me." "I can't make you out at all, Elsie. I think the money has gone to your head so that you can't see anything else." Collinge spoke slowly. He refused to answer her preposterous attack. He ad- mired Neva Lloyd tremendously, both as an actress and as a woman, but he loved his wife. "Money's a very good thing, and you never can have too much of it. As for loyalty to Hyams, do you think he wouldn't knife you tomorrow if he could get someone else as good looking for less money?" "I do. Men have some sense of honor." "Not men like Hyams." "Have you any foundation for that assertion?" "I'm judging by his past perform- ances. I sit in the side lines and I hear a lot that never gets by to the players." "And you've heard that Hyams isn't square?" "Not when it interferes with his own pocket." "And you think the Feature Films would make it worth my while to break with him?" "I know it." Elsie's tone was posi- tive. "I've met Colonel Roberts, he's backing the Feature Films, and we've talked of what you could do if you had a free hand." "Hartley Roberts, president of the Spruce Tire Company. Where did you meet that rounder?" Collinge asked sternly. Elsie sighed. She hoped Tom wasn't going to be tiresome. What if Roberts were fast? He was a millionaire and a good spender. "At the Biltmore," she said suddenly. "Cut him out! I won't have my wife meeting men like that!" "If I do, will you see the Feature people?" "No, but if you don't I'll go back to selling automobiles as soon as I finish the new picture." "You couldn't. You'd hate to give up all this as much as I would! You pose as liking simple things, but I notice you take very kindly to silk pajamas and a fifty-dollar dressing gown." Collinge stared at the brocaded robe which enveloped his form and he won- dered if Elsie were right. He had taken kindly to luxuries, but he had salved his conscience by saying to him- self that he could give them up tomor- row without a pang. Elsie's slurs about Hyams made him thoughtful, and that morning as he drove down to the studio he wondered how he really stood with the Paradox director. His doubts, however, were quickly set aside as Hyams greeted him with the news that the company was to be sent down to Palm Beach the fol- lowing week for the new picture. On his way to his dressing room he passed Neva Lloyd. "Heard the news? Gee! It makes me feel like a million- aire, Palm Beach in February!" He was boyishly excited over the prospect of his first trip south. Neva Lloyd smiled indulgently. "Sometimes it is hard to realize that most of our glory is pasteboard. Haven't you ever been to Florida?" "Indeed not. I couldn't do stunts like that on a salesman's salary. Elsie is going to be delighted." 