The House of the Missing 45 However, Clayton came across Moore's traces once or twice. In an- swer to a charming letter from Mrs. Fumeau, he called and did his best to convince her that he had given up all hope of finding Margaret. He was cynical, disillusioned and self-centered to a point where he wondered that she could stand having him in the house. However, she was most charming and sympathetic, introduced him to a num- ber of her friends and invited him to become a regular caller at her house in the East Sixties. Mrs. Fumeau had a distinct charm of manner, arising from her perfect confidence in herself and her power to please, and Clayton found her circle a wide one and promising for his purpose. Here, one afternoon, much to his amazement he overheard two femi- nine social butterflies discussing Moore. "You know, my dear, he must have heaps of money to keep that place going --and he never works except at his sculpting, and I'm sure he never makes any money at that." "They say he's fearfully dissipated," cut in the other; "but I thought he was charming. Such a bored air and so perfectly self-possessed. He told me that I understood him as no one else did." "Yes, I dare say," answered the first, unsheathing a claw. "He really needs some pure young thing like you to take him in hand and reform him. It's such a pity to see him going to pieces like that." At this point Clayton moved away, overcome by his emotions, but he re- peated the whole conversation to Moore later on and advised him to seize his chance of reform, if she gave it to him. But it was about ten days after they first launched themselves upon Society that Moore got what he believed to be their first clue. Clayton had come home late from a small private dance, bewildered and bored by the shifting panorama of small intrigues and light love-affairs impos- sible to avoid seeing. He sat in his bedroom, slowly undress- ing and wondering what future lay ahead for these girls when some of that charm was gone, when he heard the familiar buzz of the private line. This must be something special, because they had already compared notes of their evening's plans at dinner-time. Moore's voice was tense. "Hello, Clayton? Good! Damned glad you're at home. . . . Old man, I think there's something stirring at last!" "Great! What is it?" "Well, you know I went up to a party on Riverside Drive tonight? My host made his pile doing construction work for innocent and confiding suburban municipalities. Now I guess he's trying to drown his memories in one of the finest cellars in New York and finding plenty of friends to help him. I never saw him before and I never want to see him again, except in the way of our business, but I got what I think is a clue there, and that's the main thing." "Go on, I'm listening." "It was just before I left, I'd gone to one of the bedrooms used as a men's cloak-room, to get my hat, when a young fellow blew in, looking for his hat. I'd already spotted him as a well-known young rip, with a lot more money than either wits or decency, and I'd been casually introduced to him in the early part of the evening. But now he fell on me like a long-lost friend. " ‘Not a bad party, eh?' said he. ‘But the women aren't up to much. Too damned stand-offish for my taste. Only the same old booze, too. Gee, you oughta been on the party I was on th' other nigh'. Say, I thought I was'n Heaven.' "I tried to shake him off and get out of there, but he wasn't having any. ‘Wai' a minute, I wan' tell you ‘bout it.' he said, in an injured tone, so I waited. 