Lonely Heart 89 "Then why did you do it?" "Because he told me to." "Do you do everything your father tells you to do, whether it is good or bad?" I questioned. She nodded. "Why?" "I don't want to, oh, no!--but I have learned that it is best." She reached up and opened her waist, revealing a soft white shoulder and the suggestion of an immature breast. The pale skin was covered with bruises. "He beat you?" "Of course," she said. "They ar- rested him for it once, but he got away. He didn't beat me after that. I was so tired that I promised I would do every- thing he told me if he wouldn't touch me. But he talks to me so terribly-- swears at me--and oh, I want someone to love me instead of that!" Something glistened on her eyelashes. I swallowed hard. "Your mother, where is she?" She crossed to the open window. Through the aperture I could see the night sky and a few stars, the house- tops rising oixt of a low mist. "See, up there . . . beyond the stars," she said, pointing out of the window. It was such a childish movement, so full of faith--yet how old!--more ancient than human history! She was young, this child of London, but a soul older than the crumbled walls of Babylon looked out from her eyes. "Why do you submit to it? Why don't you run away?" She smiled wearily. "It's no use. I tried. And anyway, he promised he would not make a bargain if I would do as he told me." "What do you mean ‘a bargain'?" She looked at me in surprise. "Why, don't you know? . . . There are lots of young girls in Shadwell, and nearly every night the big sailors come up from their boats on the Thames. They have been out at sea for a long while. . . . When they leave the fathers of those little girls have more money for beer. ..." It made me sick. I understood the cold smiles of those little girls clinging to the mouths of the alleys. The faces of the huge blond sailors at Olaf Bjorn's rose up before me. Suddenly all the glamour and romance faded. It was tragedy. The mirth of the reek- ing beer-house was bestial. I could not restrain a shudder. "And your father promised not to make one of these bargains?" Something stirred the dreaminess of her eyes. "He promised," she whis- pered, "but he has broken that prom- ise ..." For a long while I could not speak. "When did it happen?" I asked. "Oh, no, not yet!" She glanced out of the window. "See," she said, point- ing to a bright star that lingered just above the jagged housetops, "that is the Love Star. Every evening it comes up from the other side of the world and scrapes along the tops of the houses. My mother told me it was the Love Star. I used to sit in this window look- ing at it. After my mother went away I longed for someone else who would be kind to me. . . . He came, after so long a time, and oh, he was so good! He called me Lonely Heart. I used to slip out at night and meet him down on the docks. My mother taught me good English and I tried to help him to speak correctly, too. And every night we used to watch the Love Star . . . and dream--until something happened. One night he told me that we must never meet again. When I returned my fa- ther said that he had made a bargain-- one of the sailors who would love me a great deal. . . . This sailor was going out to sea, to another country--and he would take me with him!" She was crying softly. 