108 The Comet and the Star "You're selling yourself now at a very, small price. You see what brains alone are worth. If you used your brains, however, in connection with your good looks--and don't scowl like that, Tom Collinge, of course you know you're good looking--you could easily make a fortune. The movies aren't like the ordinary stage, you don't mere- ly have to speak your lines well, you have to know how to ride and drive and swim and do all sorts of athletic stunts. It's fearfully exciting! Besides, they're going to show your picture on the screen driving the Stone and you're not making a fuss about that." She saw all there was to be made out of the flattering proposal and also a certain amount of glory accruing to herself as the wife of a successful movie star. The frown deepened on Collinge's face and the carefully ordered dinner suddenly lost its savor. He and Elsie had been married for over a year and he had learned by now to recognize a certain hardness in her nature. She was only twenty-two and she looked like a kitten with her fluffy ash-blonde hair, her long sleepy blue eyes and her little red mouth, but underneath her seeming docility was a curious deter- mination to have her own way regard- less of whose feelings she trampled on in order to obtain it. He wished now that he had kept the incident to himself, but it was too late for regrets and he must steel himself to fight the greed he saw growing in Elsie's eyes. But between dominant people like Al- bert Hyams and Elsie he was wax, and in spite of his reluctance to taking up work that he thought lacked dig- nity, in less than a month he was signed up as a Paradox star. The novelty of it was not without in- terest, for as Elsie had pointed out the acting was not all done within doors and the thrills of his first picture were real to him. His principal objection was to the love-making for he was a clean-minded youngster and loyal to the girl he had married. "Don't you care if I take Neva Lloyd in my arms and kiss her?" he asked one night, as he came in late. "I'm not made of wood, you know, neither is she!" But Elsie valued her own attractions too highly to be frightened by his frankness. "She's been kissed by so many men that it's all in the day's work to her," she retorted carelessly. So Collinge dropped that subject. At the studio Neva Lloyd made things easy for him. She liked him from the first. He was young and re- freshingly unspoiled. He never tried to monopolize the camera and he treated her with unfailing respect. They were about the same age, but he seemed younger. It was some satisfaction for Collinge to be able to buy the Stone in which he had driven to fame and fortune and he used it for a scene to be staged in the Westchester Hills. Neva Lloyd watched him drive up the first morning. "You handle your car so well that some day I'm going to ask you to drive me back to town," she said in the elder-sister tone that robbed their in- tercourse of all danger. His brow darkened. "I should drive well. I began as a demonstrator." "I've heard all about your race." Hyams had played it up to advertise his new star. "I wish I'd never taken up that fool- ish bet!" Collinge groaned. This was one of the days when making a monkey out of himself, as he phrased it, irked him. Neva Lloyd smiled gently. "I can't regret it," she said. "It has given me a very delightful companion to work with." 