Love in the Jungle 31 Scotch doctor, she battled for the girl's life and reason. Day after day Larry Townsend haunted the porch outside her room, sending confused appeals to God, from whom he had never begged grace before; day after day Hokigan prostrated herself and laid offerings of rice and ghee before her many gods, praying for the life of the missy sahib. Then one day as the crusty Saunders hurried away from the bungalow to his motorcycle, he threw the first word of comfort to the boy hanging on his every word and expression. "She'll pull through," he said gruffly, "but something is worrying her, eating her heart out. Can't make out why she doesn't pick up--the fever's left her and she's young and healthy." He frowned, rumpling his grizzly eyebrows. "Never let anything drop in her ravings--al- ways been about home and college days and girl chums. She's not in love with you, is she, young fellow?" "Not with me nor with anyone else that I know of," said Larry with a wry smile. The next morning Larry sat beside his father as the car bowled along the wide roads to the offices of the Copper Company of which the elder Townsend was General Manager. "I want a job, Dad," said the boy. "I'm on sick leave for six months, but there's no use just lying around, being idle. I won't be able to break rock, of course, but I'll earn my salary." "This is the happiest moment I have known since you went to the front," said the father, clasping his son's hand. While Rhoda slowly and feebly strug- gled back to health, Larry Townsend worked at his father's side, animated by Quixotic enthusiasm and eager hopes. Then one afternoon when he came home he found Rhoda out on the maidan, lying back in the big cretonne and wicker lounge-chair in which he had first seen her. She looked so small and fragile and white that he hesitated by an orange tree to look at her. The young man took a step forward. She seemed all that was sweet and won- derful in life--the rose lights from a sinking sun tinted her thin little face, her hands lying in her lap looked trans- parent, her fair hair brushed back from her forehead gave her an almost child- ish look, but Larry did not see the sad- ness in her eyes. "How good it is to see you out!" he said eagerly. "No wonder the sun runs away and hides." Rhoda looked at him--what a dear, splendid boy he was, how good to her! Then, with the hurt in her heart which was ever present, she thought of Gor- ing--Goring, who during all these three weeks and more had never written or even sent to inquire about her. He might not know that she was sick, but she could not drive out of her mind his indifference and complete forgetfulness of her. And these other people! Larry and his mother; her very own could not have been more kind. How could she ever thank them enough, repay them? There was only one way--she read the answer in Larry's eager eyes. The tears ran slowly down her cheeks, she gave a little shiver. "You are cold, my darling," he said in a low voice. It was his first out- spoken tenderness. She felt him take her hand in his and she could not draw it away; she could not bear the thought of hurting him, for his own sake and because he was his mother's son. There was nothing she would not do to avoid wounding these people who had loved and cared for her in her hour of great- est need. "You know I love you, dear," he said, his fine young face close to hers. "I love you." "I know," she answered in a low voice. 