When Father Forbids 77 nature of Bertram Valentine after which Valentine had written the damn- ing words "and wife." Collins turned to the boy. Willie laughed feebly. Evidently the strain had been too much for him for the boy seemed to have gone to pieces. He continued to laugh almost hysterically, and then he pulled himself together with an awful effort. "Not a word," he whispered. "Let's get upstairs. I saw the number of their room." Later, an officious bellboy having left them in the rooms they had taken, Col- lins, followed by Willie, tiptoed down the corridor and stopped at a door on which the former knocked loudly. It was Valentine in pajamas and dressing-gown who opened the door, and it was Collins's fist that crashed into that surprised man's face. He staggered and almost fell, as Collins dashed by him into the room, closely followed by Willie. A woman's voice screamed -- but screamed subduedly, so that with the noise of the orchestra downstairs no one paid any attention. With his mouth wide open with sur- prise, Collins viewed Diana, who was exquisite in a negligee. "We were married this evening, dear Mr. Collins," explained Diana brightly, having immediately regained her poise. "And what do you mean by knocking my poor husband about?" Followed explanations--explanations that were so thoroughly satisfactory that even the injured Valentine forgave the blow and wished the frightened fa- ther luck in his search. "I never thought it of her," Collins growled as his car flew along the roads on the homeward journey a few min- utes later. "Well." remarked Willie cheerfully, "you certainly pasted that beast, Valen- tine, one! I owed him one myself for daring to look at Joyce--but I've got another idea about her." "Your ideas seem a damn lot of good!" retorted Collins. "Still, what is it?" "If you don't like my ideas, I won't tell you," Willie answered sulkily. "I'll wait till we get back." As they entered on Maple Avenue, Willie stopped the car and alighted. "I'll ring you up in a few minutes if my clue is any good," he said and dis- appeared into the darkness. Greatly perturbed and yet believing strongly that his daughter, who was well-informed as to the dangers that threaten pretty young girls, would yet be all right, Collins let himself into his house. About twenty minutes later, and the front door, which was unlocked, burst open, and Joyce, tugging Willie by the hand, entered breathlessly. After her father's natural anxiety and excitement had calmed down, he turned to Willie and stretched out his hand. "How did you do it?" he asked. "Now you must tell me all about it-- now she is safe." "You write me out a check for five thousand first," returned Willie cal- lously. "Now don't back down--you promised it." "I didn't know you were such a mer- cenary blackguard," Collins retorted hotly. Nevertheless, he went there and then to his desk, and when he returned he handed Willie his check for five thou- sand dollars. "I'll give you back twenty-five hun- dred in the morning," Willie said as he put the check in his pocket. "You mean--" began Collins as he saw a great white light. "Just that!" chuckled Willie. "Joyce and I thought it all out. You said I had to make twenty-five hundred dollars. I only knew two men who 