Lonely Heart 91 her white hand in mine. "Don't be afraid. I will come." "You won't forget?" "No." She looked at me steadily for a few seconds. "No," she said, "you will not forget. . . . But oh, if only he had done this!" And clinging with my hands to the sill, I lowered myself into what looked like a bottomless abyss. I dropped and my feet touched the hard stone. In the window above me I caught a last glimpse of a pallid face and eyes that were more pitiful than the aching womb of night. III The following evening somewhere about eight o'clock I called Scotland Yard over the telephone and enquired for Braithwaite. After a short while of waiting I heard his voice over the wire. "Hello," I said, "Braithwaite? . . . This is Lombard. Yes. Are you very busy? I'd like to see you shortly." "I'll be there as soon as I can get a car. I suppose you found something interesting last night?" he asked, then laughed. "I thought you would . . ." And I heard the instrument click. In about three-quarters of an hour Braithwaite knocked at the door of my room and I admitted him. "Didn't have any trouble, did you?" was his first question. I showed him the bump on my head. "Robbery?" "Robbery--and something else." "Hurry and tell me, old chap; I'll bet there was a girl, too!" "Exactly!" I exclaimed. "You heard someone scream, and quite the good fellow that you are, you thought someone was in trouble--even after my warning! I know." "But someone was in trouble," I an- nounced. And I told him the whole story. "It does sound interesting," he said when I had finished. "But are you sure she wasn't spoofing you?" "I would swear it!" I said emphat- ically. "And why did you call me?" "I want you to go with me tonight," I said. He smiled. "I don't think I could trust you to go alone again," then he suddenly sprang to his feet. "By George! Quick! Describe her to me more minutely. Did she have large eyes, yellow hair and--" "Yes; eyes sadder than the most tragic." "Was she pale?" "Paler than death itself!" "Did she appear to be about sixteen or seventeen, yet with a strangely old expression?" "Yes; why?" "What a fool I am! What a dolt!" He crossed the room and lifted the re- ceiver of the telephone. "Hello. Have a cab waiting in front when I get down. Room 624. I'm in a hurry. . ." He picked up my hat from where it was lying on the table. "Here--we must hurry. Even now we may be too late." "But tell me--" "Wait till we get started in the car," he snapped. I followed him to the lift, down, and through the office to the entrance of the hotel. A large limousine was waiting. "Room 624--East India Dock, just above the Reach. . ." Braithwaite flung at the chauffeur as we jumped in. "And double fare if you hurry!" "Well," I said sarcastically as the car leaped forward, "do you think you have time now to tell me what all this is about?" He grinned. "Awfully sorry, old fellow, but I didn't want to waste time. 