86 Lonely Heart the reek of stale beer, of musty food-- and men. It was horrible. Striding past the tables nearest the door, I sat down in the corner, attempt- ing to be as inconspicuous as possible. As is the way when one tries to be in- conspicuous, I failed. Every face in the room seemed suddenly turned upon me. I wished that I had never come. I was vaguely wondering what their opinion of me was when a big blond slouched up and asked in broken Eng- lish what I wanted. I told him beer. When he returned I enquired if he knew Yan Ericsson. He grunted. "Ay tank so," he said gruffly. "Is he here this evening?" The big blond surveyed me stupidly. "Ay tank so," he said gruffly. I asked if I might see him. His face never relaxed. "Ay tank so," he said again, and without speaking lumbered out of the door at my side. The beer was vile. I wanted to spit it out but I didn't dare. I only sat there in silent agony for what seemed an interminable stretch of time. Finally Ericsson came. He loomed up out of the darkness in the doorway, a huge hulk of Swedish manhood, large blue, eyes looking out from beneath a mop of uncombed yellow hair. He held a pipe between his teeth. "You want to see me?" he asked, a good-natured smile lighting his frank features. His English was splendid. The only perceptible foreign accent was a slight hesitation before each word. I liked Yan Ericsson immediately. He looked honest. "Why, yes," I said, secretly admiring the sinewy muscles exposed by his short sleeves. "My friend Mr. Braithwaite told me to look you up. You know, Braithwaite of--" A peculiar expression in his eyes stopped me. He sat down, removing the pipe from between his teeth. "I don't think I would say Scotland Yard so anybody hear," he almost whis- pered. He winked. "They might . . ." I understood. "He tells me you've helped him of- ten," I remarked. Yan grinned. "Oh, sometime I help him, but I don't think I help much." "He said you would show me a bit of Shadwell," I said. "You know, I'm one of those inquisitive, snooping Yan- kees." I smiled. "I been to America twice. . . . Ship. . . . New York each time. I like New York. ..." But my interest had been diverted from my companion's conversation. Where I was sitting I could see the door near me and the darkness beyond. It was a moving figure that attracted me--a figure that detached itself from the shadows and assumed the propor- tions of a slender girl. For a full mo- ment she hovered in the aperture, her thin face revealed in all its pallor, her luminous eyes upon me. Such pallid cheeks! Such pallid hands! And the speechless aching of a million years in her young eyes! She seemed a dim dream that hung there an instant and was gone. But her eyes were not gone --nor the white face and the thin lips that moved in silent appeal. She dared not speak, yet sent an appeal more touching than if it had been voiced. I forgot Braithwaite's warning. There could be no deception in those young eyes, no lie in the soul of someone that seemed clean and untouched despite the filth of surroundings. I thought of a white pond lily struggling to life from a bed of mud. I started to rise. "No!" hissed Ericsson. He saw my involuntary movement and his muscu- lar arm shot out. My eyes sought his. They were burning blue. The vise closed tighter about my wrist. I saw 