WHAT IS ISN'T 33    was there twice, it will be remembered --he had let her go, once because he feared to pursue his point lest he an- tagonize the jury, and again because to question her on the original point would be to lose an effect he had secured only after considerable effort.  In this proceeding, however, he called her directly following the reading of the maid's testimony, and his first ques- tion had to do with that part of it which dealt with the embrace and the kiss.  "Do you wish to swear that the eye- sight of the maid was at fault in this instance?" he asked.  "I do not," Bianca answered. "Those who are deeply in love are given to mu- tual caresses."  "You kissed passionately. That is the word in evidence. Also that it was a 'long kiss.' You do not wish to qual- ify those terms?"  "They are both comparative terms. How passionately or how long is hardly of consequence, is it?"  "I was asking you."  "I measured neither."  "The hour given is between five and five-thirty in the afternoon. Is that correct?"  "I believe so."  "And you parted at about six?"  "Yes."  "You kissed him good-bye?"  "I did."  "Even though you knew he had mur- der in his heart?"  "I knew nothing of the kind."  "Didn't you testify at the other trial that he had told you his conscience was not sensitive regarding the provocation of a fatal apoplectic seizure in your husband?"  "Did I?"  "You did. The record proves it."  "Then why ask me again?"  "Because I want to connect it. Be- use I want to show that, feeling as he did, your kisses were an added en- gagement to the commission of a crime you had already discussed. And less than nineteen hours after that, im- mediately following a call from this     lover of yours, your husband was found murdered, wasn't he?"  "I believe so."  Mr. Lilligore had no questions and the rather monotonous reading of the record continued.  It was not until this reading was fin- ished that anything approaching a sur- prise rewarded either the auditors or those more nearly interested. That the defence was about to introduce testi- mony so favorable to the prisoner as possibly to reverse the previous verdict was, of course, well understood, and there had been more or less conjecture as to what this was. But no one, from the District Attorney himself to the blue-coated Cerberus at the door, was prepared for such testimony. Appar- ently it had no bearing whatever. It was absolutely extraneous. And before five questions had been put to Manning --Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas's managing clerk--who was the first witness called, the prosecutor was on his feet object- ing on the ground of irrelevancy and immateriality.  The Court, however, already advised as to the bearing, was lenient. And Manning, in answer to the Lilligore in- terrogations, rehearsed succinctly all that he knew concerning the mysterious disappearances from the law offices of a certain document and a certain vol- ume of law reports. The occurrences mentioned by Wills to Arrowsmith on the afternoon of Calvert's conviction.  It seemed that barely a quarter of an hour had elapsed from the time of Manning putting the document in the safe at his side until, being desirous of looking at it again, it was not to be found. And he was most positive that no one had been near the safe in the meantime. Nor was the taking of the law book from Mr. Delray's office-- the one formerly occupied by the late Mr. Holland--less perplexing. Mr. Delray had stepped into the library, leaving the book on his desk. In less than five minutes, returning, it was gone. A week later both the document and the book were returned by messen- ger. An effort had been made to trace