WHAT IS ISN'T 13   the most direct evidence of dis- loyalty.  Yesterday was not the first time that she had heard Lee wish him dead. They rarely met that he didn't. And, though she never failed to rebuke him, she was conscious now that she, too, silently and treacherously, for more than two years, had entertained the same desire. So, looking, as she was forced to look, into that accusing, re- proachful, ghostly face ever before her, it was this which gave to it its greatest power of torture.  In an effort to exorcise the obsession, Bianca rang for her maid.  Marie Bourgois, long in her service, was a spare, active, grey-haired wo- man of forty-odd, efficient to a degree, kind-hearted and sympathetic, yet with an abundance of stern common sense.  "Ah, madame!" she crooned, as one glance at her mistress's tortured eyes touched a tender spot in her. "It is not right that you should be alone."  It was on Bianca's tongue-tip to say:  "But it's because I'm not alone that I'm miserable."  She said instead, however:  "I wanted to be. Nevertheless, you are right, Marie. When I am alone I think and think. Oh, such horrid things! And my brain won't stop. It's like a wound-up machine. If I could only sleep!"  "Madame shall sleep," Marie assured her. "It is that you have given your- self too much to those people, when you should have sent for le docteur and gone straight to bed. But a warm bath, perhaps, and if I brush Madame's hair. Yes?"  And Bianca agreeing the maid be- came instantly busy.  Emerging from the bath, the young widow of hours was encouraged to find that she could now look at the little sofa or any one of the chairs without seeing it occupied. Her visitant had left her. And, thus relieved, when com- fortably seated with cushions at her back and Marie occupied with her hair-     brush, the question of the taxicab re- curred and once more clamored for answer.  "Tell me, Marie," she said, "how poor Monsieur's brother ascertained where I was, so as to bring me the bad news."  "Ah, that! It was most simple, madame. No one here knew, of course. But when I told him Madame, always considerate, had preferred to employ a taxi rather than take out poor Griggs, the chauffeur, who was still weak from the grippe, he had but to ask the com- pany from which it was ordered. As it was I who called up for Madame, I knew and I gave him the number. But the taxi had not returned. So we had to wait, leaving instructions that when it came in it should be sent here again at once, with the same driver."  Bianca said nothing. And Marie, ex- pecting a word of praise for the way she had shared in the accomplishment, asked:  "Was it not well, madame?"  "Well? Oh, yes, Marie. Very well," she answered.  It was really her maid's first indis- cretion. But the circumstances were extraordinary and she could not blame her.  Still she was uncomfortable over the revelation it involved. She was op- pressed by a fear that Robert Holland might make use of it. She did not be- lieve him friendly to her.  A conviction was strong upon her that he was in his brother's confidence, and if he cared to he could make her position decidedly unpleasant by circu- lating the story that he had found her, following her husband's tragic death, lunching surreptitiously with Mr. Cal- vert in an Italian restaurant.  But with all her misgivings she had not the vaguest notion as to how this incident was eventually to develop. For, by good fortune more than good management, the news of Calvert's ar- rest and the charge of murder had not yet reached her. She was still under the impression that her husband had died, naturally, of apoplexy, just as