The Negligible Ones  By Mifflin Crane    HER elation gave her a fluctuant charm, enlivened the somewhat sagging lines of her face, lent her eyes a sudden, moist depth, and filled her lips with colour. He was surprised to find her almost pretty and the murmur of her "yes" was sweetly voiced.  They kissed and her response to his lips had in it the fervour of a long wanting. His arms gave her visions, the understanding and the re-creation of a thousand romantic moments read in books. The triumphant hours of heroines returned to her mind--their words, their response; she was one of them now; she understood their joys.  Often she had reasoned upon her need and, almost convinced of its never- to-be-attained felicity, had endeavoured to persuade herself that her desire was futile and unworthy. The years, pass- ing with her hopes, had brought to her this ascetic renunciation again and again. Seeing men on the street, she tried to despise them; in the cars she met their eyes with malevolent stares; at business she shamed their superior pretenses with her efficiency.  But some book, a poem, a painting, a sentimental moving picture, or worse, the sight of oblivious lovers in the park or walking arm in arm outdoors, would tear down all her defences and destroy the acid of her self-protective asceti- cism with a sweet, heady poison-- bringing her to the collapse of secret tears.  Now like the others, like the victo- rious ones, she had a man! He had come to her miraculously--a new clerk in the office, not a good one; at first she had despised him with an unusual venom.     But, as if her happy fortune were the purpose of a benign fate whose tool he was, he took her harshness with a smile; he greeted her each morning with a polite and even deferential nod; and at last he came to see her!  That had been a momentous night! She remembered her perturbations, her flutterings before the mirror, her al- most desperate endeavour to touch her features into grace, to fluff her scant hair to an appearance of abundance, to hide the angularity of her figure with a deceptive frock.  Now, assured, hearing his words of marvelous affection, the hours of first, tremulous fears seemed almost silly. A sense of strength, of power, of hidden charm had been given to her and the early hesitancies were obliterated by these triumphant moments. She looked at him almost coquettishly, became wholly unafraid.  His face was serious; he was talking of their future.  "I expect something better from the old man pretty soon," he said. "Maybe you've noticed that he gives me a good bit of attention lately. I think we'll be in shape to get married before many months."  She smiled tenderly.  "You're sure you want me?" she asked.  He answered with a kiss.  "Tell me again what you feel!" she demanded.  He repeated his declarations. She caused him to embroider the theme, say the words again and again, modulated, in coloratura, but ever of the same im- port. Her ears could never tire of this; her sense of wonder seemed boundless.  She even accepted his declaration   73