58 THE DAWN    tives were there, a few friends, and the "Lohengrin" march was played on the piano as Edith and Howard came into the drawing-room. They stood in front of the minister, both of them tremendously serious. Someone tit- tered nervously from a corner across the room and the sound seemed to add something to the moment's curious solemnity.  Ruth in her dress with the long skirt, with her abundant gold hair up and coiled in braids about her head, watched with widening eyes.  The minister began to speak; her mind did not record all the words, but she knew they were very portentous.  And then, at last, the pair turned to- ward each other. Edith was strangely pale, save for sudden little gusts of colour that came and went in her cheeks like the leaping of flame, and Howard took her hand and they kissed before all in the room.  A moment later everyone was on his or her feet; they crowded about the bride; they kissed her; they shook hands with the bridegroom. But Ruth remained seated and a strange, new thrill tingled in her senses.  In some way that final kiss had awakened her, from all the many she had seen these two exchange. It touched her senses to response, it put dreams chasing through her mind. Suddenly, vicariously, she knew some of the pleasure of that kiss herself-- and understood the wanting of ca- resses.  Someone touched her on the shoul- der; it was one of her aunts.  ."What's the matter, Ruth?" she asked. "Why are you so solemn?"  Ruth stood up hastily. She blushed; she was ashamed lest everyone could read her thoughts. She looked about nervously, shifted the weight of her slim body from foot to foot and awk- wardly clasped and unclasped her fingers in front of her.  In some way she had lost her assur- ance, and a tremulous something, of which she was half afraid, had entered into her world.     II  They had gone now, Edith and Howard, and she was alone in the house with her father and mother. The silent rooms seemed oppressively quiet and strange. Ruth avoided her mother inasmuch as now, for the first time in her life, she was experiencing emotions that could not be confided. She knew her mother would not under- stand. Her mother would laugh and that would hurt.  She liked best to go out into the gar- den where she could sit for hours, star- ing up into the bluish green shadows of the trees, watching the clouds pass like white and pink birds across the space of the sky, listening to the suggestive murmur of the unseen wind stirring the grass and leaves. There were no more scrambling ascents of trees, no more searches for woodchuck holes with the dog, no more wild rolling down the slope of the little hill behind the woods. She was very quiet, very subdued.  For the first time in her life it came to her that this was a beautiful place, the garden, the little woods, the old house. Its beauty made her melan- choly and touched her imagination. She tried to conjure up the faces and acts of people who had been here be- fore she was born, before she ever drew a breath. She wondered if some other girl like herself had lived here, and wanted the things she dreamed of.  Presently her father noticed her ab- straction and in the evening, when she came indoors at the sound of the dinner gong, her eyes cast down, her lips silent, he would make fun of her.  "Look at our Ruth!" he'd exclaim to her mother. "Since you let her put her hair up, she's grown too old for any of us!"  Sometimes Ruth blushed; she felt very silly, but inwardly she was angry. These people did not understand. They were miles away from her.  The Spring passed into the first days of Summer. One morning Ruth was wandering through the garden with the disconsolate dog when, looking over the