TWILIGHT OF LOVE 45    circumstantial; she told him more about herself.  She lived with her mother, one of those singular, aloof women, it seemed, out of touch with the customary actu- alities, a Christian Scientist or some- thing of the sort. The two women had very little interest in each other for they were at opposite poles. So the girl was left wholly to herself.  She spent her time as one will to whom the hours are periods that must be bridged in some way--without en- thusiasm, in discontent, not infrequent- ly, he thouught, in emotions of despair. Certainly he had been right in his ini- tial surmise--she lacked assurance. Yet she was interesting.  Glancing about him, his eyes strayed to the dial of the large clock on the wall and it surprised him to discover that nearly two hours had passed.  A measure of genial comfort entered his consciousness. It had been an agree- able afternoon.  The girl was speaking now, telling him something or other about her early home; he listened perfunctorily, more interested in the scrutiny of her face, watching her moving lips, her little half-listless gestures. More composed now, her face lost the greater part of its tenseness the lines were more gracile, the curves were more young.  His appreciation of her youth in- creased. It was refreshing to sit near a young girl, to receive some of her con- fidences, to find, in a degree, an easy intimacy with her. It surprised him when he reflected upon the rarity of this experience; he knew some women, but not young women, no girls. She made him feel less old himself. It was flattering to perceive that she acknowl- edged his capacity to understand her, to enter into sympathy with her, to com- prehend the subtleties of her thought. She did not wrap herself in the cloak of reticence with which the young make themselves inscrutable to the old. By her frankness she acknowledged his own inner youth.  She paused, glanced up at the clock,     and rising suddenly told him she must go-  "But we'll see each other again?" he suggested.  Her eyes met his a moment and then she smiled. It was the first full-curved smile she had given him and in that second he discovered a swift and touch- ing charm in her face. Opening her little hand-bag she took out a card. She extended her hand with the card be- tween her fingers, and, smiling his thanks, he took it.  "Yes," she said, "if you want to talk to me again, you can come some even- ing and see me. I'm nearly always home. There's... there's nothing better to do...."  Her concluding sentence was voiced with a return of the old bitter touch. For a moment she stood near the table with a somewhat awkward hesitancy; neither spoke again; rather abruptly she walked away.  His eyes followed her as she walked the length of the room. He was in good spirits when he stood up and with a glance about him, stepped toward the door himself. His mind dwelt upon the girl as he made his way out of the building and took a taxi home.  II  He let a day or two pass, but in the end he found himself impatient and he wrote to her.  It was with some hesitation that he did this, for now he felt the gap of their ages; it looked a little silly for him to call on her. He tried to persuade him- self that he went as an old friend might go, in a fatherly way perhaps, and to a degree this facile interpretation of his interest satisfied him. Inwardly, how- ever, he knew his emotions were more complex.  He sat down at his desk and wrote her a short note, addressed the envel- ope, scanned the name--Virginia My- lin--and found its sound agreeable. Then, sealing the letter, he walked to the window and looked out idly at the street.  He lived near the center of things