134 CRITICISM AT A GALLOP   baggage including the peter pancratic heroine and the hero who never-never- lands. His work, following closely the models named above, lacks however even the superficial glitter of Cham- bers, the superficial character draw- ing of Johnson or the superficial Robins' sense of "timeliness": it is the literal whangdoodle of the old-time Garvice-Libbey-Clay paper-back with the Ritz substituted for Darrel ford Manor and the Avenue for South Aud- ley Street. Yet for all its venerable formula, this breed of story -- even when handled with the meagre skill of a Hamilton -- rarely fails to round up the yokels. The so-called "sex wave" never actually passes: the height of the wave merely changes. To argue from the occasional failure of such a play that the public no longer cares for such plays is -- as I have several times in the past pointed out -- to argue from the occasional failure of a haberdasher that men no longer care to wear underdrawers.  "Scandal" is interpreted in its two central roles by Miss Francine Larri- more and Mr. Charles Cherry. The former produces the sounds of human speech by pressing the tongue against the roof of the mouth, screening off the vocal chords and diverting the resultant guggles through the nasal septa. The latter, though given to playing any role assigned him, whether it be in "John Gabriel Borkman" or "A Trip To Chinatown," precisely as if it were Edward Faulkner in Henry Arthur Jones' "The Liars," fortun- ately finds the role here entrusted to him so much more like Faulkner than like Borkman or Welland Strong that the mere re-projection of his estab- lished interpretation permits him to pass off his performance for a satis- factory one.  Mr. Hamilton's second bout with the box-office bears the title, "An Ex- change of Wives," and follows the same formula as the first. Here the author takes the mildewed theme of Elmer Harris' "Thy Neighbour's Wife" and plays of a kidney fore and     aft and fashions a jake-fetcher wherein the characters talk like so many Cynics Calendars and smirk their ways crescendo to the adultery that never takes place. The author's penetratingly original philosophy and wit are summed up in the play's key speech: "A man must make love to his wife all the time or some other man will." An Englishman, Mr. Ham- ilton entertains us with the spec- tacle of Americans addressing each other as "old son" and "old thing." His trite situations and phraseological banalities he laboriously seeks to gloss over and conceal with such hack sub- terfuges as likening this situation to a similar stereotyped stage situation and as observing of that cuckooed verbal banality that it is " as the newspapers say -". Even the minimum of skill exhibited in his other play is here lacking. For all the hokum of its recipe, its servant girl horse-power is therefore nil.  The presentation is absurdly miscast in each of its roles. Miss Margaret Dale plays one of the saucy young wives with all the abandon of a grandma, and Miss Chrystal Herne the other as if it were a role in "The Greenwich Village Follies." Mr. Winant is so drolly misplaced that it is not fair to hold his expository shortcomings against him. Mr. Lee Baker occupies and plays the light comedy role assigned him as if it were centre rush on a Yale football eleven.  V  Passing over such stunning opera as "Thunder," a tale of Maw and Paw McBirney, Jaif Coulter, Li'l Azalea and the other familiar marion- ettes of the Blue Ridge and Kentucky mountaineer comedy-drama, "A Regu- lar Feller," a not less vernal tale of the familiar dolls of the late Winchell Smith-George Cohan get-rich-at-eleven- o'clock play, "First Is Last," a Samuel Shipman gem that baffles description, and "Up From No- where," already alluded to as a cheap and brazen effort to pop the dough-