76 LOST LOVE   "I knew you--and him; and I've lived several years of glorious life."  "But you don't know the reason?"  "No."  Her eyes almost closed, and she bit her lip.  "No."  I saw that the subject was not open for discussion just yet, so I bided my time and thanked God--who was cer- tainly the wrong person--for the extra gin.  I had expected that the meat course would result in a story; but it was not until the waiter was pouring Russian dressing over hearts of lettuce that Suzanne remarked:  "I have the baby."  "Oh," I answered, vaguely wonder- ing why I hadn't instinctively known that there had been a baby.  "I am going to tell you the story because--I don't know why, to tell you the truth. I suppose it is because you are the sort of person one usually does tell stories to."  I leaned over the table in anticipa- tion.  "Look at your cuff."  It was in the salad.  "You knew Curtis," she went on.  I answered that I did.  "Well, then it will be more inter- esting to you." She stopped for a moment and seemed to be thinking.  "I am going back to the time I met him. But before that I want to tell you that I am inherently good; bad- ness is a cultivated attraction with me."  I accepted Suzanne's statement with some reservation, and she knew it.  "You don't know."  I did know a good deal. Three years before we had played around together, and I had gleaned her history from her own lips. But her past was not the main part of her life: the present was the play, and the past was merely the incidental music, lending atmosphere.  She had been born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and had gone to school there for nine years. Up to the age of sixteen, when she became a waitress in a restaurant, she had been a good girl,      a backward, shy slip of a thing with no manners or anything else of evident importance to the world. But from in- cidental diners, who took her on auto- mobile rides and said things, she learned that she was of importance. Most of her friends already knew that.  One of the momentary travelers was a man connected with the theatrical profession, and he promised Suzanne that when he reached New York he would find her a position in a chorus. She had listened to other promises be- fore, so when a letter arrived from a prominent producer--of whom she later saw a great deal--she was sur- prised. Of course it was the chance of her life. She took it. Her friends, who would become local shop-girls, envied her, and--for such is the way of women--said very nasty things be- hind her back. But that didn't feaze Suzanne. Her career was started--and in New York. Holy of Holies!  A chorus girl who wanted to keep alive devoted most of her energies, in those days of a few years ago, to en- terprise off-stage. Living cost a lot, and to get a really substantial meal from an ordinary after-the-theatre party was something which required more than ordinary sagacity. But Suzanne was apt, and she learned to do it, to do it well. Her reputaion, how- ever, rose in indirect proporion to her success.  The memories of broad country meadows, and dew on wet grass, often troubled her, and at such times she felt that a breath of fresh air was impera- tive; it was absolutely necessary to get away from square city blocks, and high hats, and Waldorf lunches. To ask a young "friend" to motor her out wouldn't bring the desired freedom. It only meant dinner in a road-house sandwiched in between thick slices of unsavory bread in the guise of auto- mobiling.  So Suzanne had taken to dressing in simple, sincere little frocks each Sun- day, and, after escaping the city by train, wandering out and through the countryside. She loved dusty roads