THE DAWN 61   As she reached the gravel path that led up to the house, she glanced back and saw him standing now, looking after her. This glimpse of him gave her a sudden, profound depression. What would he think of her? How absurd, how stupid she had acted!  She ran into the house and the tears trembled in her eyes, threatening the corners with big drops.  In the hall she met her mother with an envelope in her hand. Ruth was glad that it was a little dark; she did not want her mother to see her face.  "This is a letter from Edith," said her mother. "She wants us both to come in tomorrow to stay with her a few days."  Ruth was silent.  "I can't go now," her mother went on. "Maybe you'd like to go alone. I guess Edith is a little lonesome. How- ard is away for a week."  The proposal came to Ruth as an unexpected avenue of escape. It seemed to her now that it would be impossible to stay here, meet Walter again, with the shame of her flight so recent.  "Oh, yes!" she cried. "Yes, mother! Let me go myself!"  IV  She left early the next morning, riding into the city on the same train with her father. At the station he put her into a taxi in which she drove to Edith's apartment.  Edith met her, kissed her warmly, and then they made a tour of the little apartment together. Everything was very pretty and Ruth felt a sentimental glow in the understanding of her sis- ter's happiness.  She was immensely pleased with the reception Edith gave her. Edith treat- ed her as if she were a very important guest; there was no reference to the days when she had been so foolish; they were like two women together. Her aplomb returned quickly. She became grave, womanly, at ease.  In the afternoon they went shopping     and before their return stopped in at a tea room where they had small cakes and several cups of tea. This was an insinuating place, quiet, remote, full of murmured conversation.  Ruth watched young men and young women come in together, sit at the little tables, talk with their heads close. She felt a part of this life, accustomed to it; her nature seemed to expand and her experience was augmented.  When they arrived home, Edith de- veloped a headache and decided to go to bed soon after dinner.  "I'm sorry, dear," she said. "Why don't you take a bit of a walk?"  That seemed an excellent notion and presently, as it grew dusk, she went out alone.  Near the apartment house a young man passed her who reminded her sud- denly of Walter.  It surprised her then to realize that she had completely forgotten him. His memory now brought only a faint flush of her yesterday's discomfort. Perhaps she had been stupid and afraid, but it did not matter. The clamor of the city was in her ears, singing there like a promise. It announced the theme of limitless opportunity. By some means she had grown more assured.  Ruth paused at the corner and stood there, watching the crowds. Her eye examined all the girls who passed, scru- tinizing them with critical judgment. The aloofness of those moments gave her a sense of superiority.  Above all her emotions, she was ex- cited, expectant; the potentiality of some vague enchantment, to disclose itself presently, stirred in her blood. In a day, in an hour, she had changed. From the city she had acquired something of the city's audacity.  A man passed, glanced at her; she met his eyes. He turned back and smiled. In quick response, scarcely un- derstanding the significance of her act, she returned his smile. He approached her and took off his hat.  "Good evening," he said.  She answered something, without at- tending her words, for now her heart