On Receiving a Luncheon Invitation By Laura Kent Mason    Dear Alfredo: I am not going to have lunch- eon with you on Tuesday. The reason is that I am dead. Not really dead, of course. I haven't suddenly de- parted this life and left behind an astral body to scrawl this on my best paper. On Tuesday, instead of lunching with you, I shall probably be at Bernice Evans', calmly eating my way through a woman's luncheon and adding my bit to the usual talk of husbands, high prices and housekeeping. The part of me that you think you like is dead--though it died before you met me. So, of course, the part of me that would have wanted to be with you is dead, too.  I am writing this, Alfredo, because I am old, and being old and a woman and quite average, I am a fool and it pleases me to be frank, this one time-- and to journey into sentimentality.  Of course you will say that I am not old--or I hope you will--and it is dear of you. You won't understand, just here at first, what I mean by being dead. When you have finished, per- haps--  Of course, I like you, Alfredo. You know that. So that is not the reason I am refusing, now and for always, to have luncheon or tea or dinner with you--or to see you at all, except in a crowd and then I shall be quite unin- teresting and impersonal.  I have always liked you--we've known each other such a little while-- your type, I mean. I don't know whether we found each other at the Rayolds' party because you like the     type of woman I used to be--before I went out--or because your type makes love to all women. Every man I have ever been in love with or interested in --except my husband--has been your type. And, too, men of your type-- boys I should say, since it is a type that remains forever youthful--are the only ones I have ever attracted.  So, at the Rayolds' party, when, after fifteen minutes, we were well be- yond the first stages of getting ac- quainted, and I could see the weeks stretch out, our weeks, it came to me that I was dead--had been for a long time.  The night I met you and the next day I thought of you. I knew you would write or 'phone me. I knew you'd be at the Parkinson dinner. And that I'd have tea with you the next day-- and the next--and then a note. It was a dear little note, Alfredo . . . but there's no use going on.  There was a faint thrill, Alfredo, when you took my hand, a stirring of a thousand memories. But the dead do not waken easily. And, too, it is more peaceful, pleasant, being dead. I shall miss the live things, of course, colour, brilliancy, emotions. But we who are dead cannot choose. For contentment, for the absence of sensation, of ecstasy and pain we must pay. And, truth- fully, I prefer being the way I am.  If we saw the thing through, I know what would happen. You know, too, unless you are very young. First, there would be hours of pleasure in seeing one another, the bringing of   53