The Beanstalk  (One act of a play)  By John Chapin Mosher  As you remember the story, Jack began to climb at once the beanstalk that had grown so suddenly from this world to another. But the story does not tell how Jack, becoming a little tired half-way tip the stalk, lay down to rest on a leaf rather broader than the others. The stage where this scene is played is on that leaf, and one may see from the audience still others leading upward and down- ward in a gigantic green circular stairway, the thick heavy stalk rising rigid through the center. As the curtain lifts, Jack comes about the turn of the stalk. He wears a grey and scarlet gherkin, an impudent cap, and carries a staff of heavy oak. He pauses a moment and appraises this resting-place, then peers down around the stalk whence he has come.      JACK It is a long journey. (He peers up the green stalk, pats it af- fectionately, and speaks to it.)  How strong you are.--I have a long way yet to go.  (He throws his staff and cap on the floor-like leaf, squats, and rips a crust from the loaf of bread he has carried in his wallet.)  I need not hurry. I can eat now. (He munches a moment with keen rel- ish. But even here one may not be altogether undisturbed. Jack grows suddenly aware that someone des- cends the stairway of the beanstalk, and quickly he distinguishes a girl's voice.)  Girl (singing as she comes down) I sang a song. And they laughed at me, Three hills and a tree, Five birds and a bee-- They laughed at me. --I sang the song.     JACK A girl--here. (She comes about the corner, and stands still on seeing Jack. She wears a stiff starched pinafore and her hair is drawn back from her forehead in- to two neat braids. Under one arm she carries a huge book, really much too heavy for her. Altogether she is much the sort of person who is not unaccustomed to a civic order of things where fairy godmothers upset the schemes of committees, and dwarfs control, and individuals oc- casionally drift into naps that last a hundred years. Or, if she does not wholly understand it, as some of our intellectuals have been compelled at last to acknowledge, at least she has gown a little grave in an effort to seek the meaning and the cause and the effect of such conditions.  Because each understands the sig- nificance of their meeting here, neith- er stirs at once, but they stare silently and even fearlessly (for they are young) at each other. At last Jack speaks..   83