AUNT IDA 109    liked, she'd be lonely in any other part, she said. The apartment seemed quite comfortable to Andrew. There were five rooms, a living room of fair size, a dining-room with a great cluster of lights above where the table would come, two small bedrooms, a kitchen wearing a new coat of white paint and a neat bath.  "Just think how lucky we are, dear," Ethyl said, "one of Papa's brothers is with a wholesale furniture company and we can get everything at wholesale prices."  So their shopping did not prove as pleasantly romantic as Andrew had hoped. Somehow, he had dreamed of hunting through funny little shops for things. No, with the money Ethyl's parents gave her, with some Ethyl had saved for this very purpose and with his contribution, they had just enough to buy the things Ethyl desired, a big three-piece over-stuffed "set" for the living room, covered with green and rose imitation tapestry, a dining room set of six chairs with shiny black leath- er seats, a glassed china closet, an enormous buffet and a set of ivory enameled furniture for one bedroom and a four poster bed and "colonial highboy" in mahogany for the other.  There were bright colored rugs, too, and Ethyl bought yards of flowered chintz for curtains. Although he felt that something was lacking, when the furniture was in and the curtains up, Andrew had to admit that things looked mighty bright and cozy. He was quite well satisfied and enjoyed his lit- tle home until he met Daisy Mallory, one of the Greenwich Village artists he had known before his marriage.  He met her at a small tea shop where he lunched, occasionally.  "Don't tell me you're married," she gurgled. And, when he did tell her, she asked innumerable questions and finally asked about his apartment.  "We've got a mighty pretty little place," he boasted. "My wife's got good taste about things, a New York girl, you know, and her uncle's a mem- ber of a large wholesale furniture     house, so we got things at cost. Mighty good looking, too."  "Not--commercial stuff!" Miss Mal- lory gave a litle shriek.  "Well, we paid for it, if that's com- mercial," Andrew laughed comfortably.  "Oh, dear," said Miss Mallory, "do tell me about it."  Andrew told her a little, mentioning the overstuffed "set," of which Ethyl was so proud, the dining room "set," the bedroom things.  "How funny,"' laughed Miss Mal- lory, not at all politely, "Oh, you funny boy. You don't mind my laughing, do you, Andrew? Of course, in a year or two, you'll outgrow it and furnish again--but--a rocking chair--an over- stuffed rocking chair--and two com- plete bedroom sets--and a table with a pedestal and six leather-covered chairs --what a charming place you might have had, picking up odd things at auc- tion -- good reproductions, even, a carved chest of drawers, an odd table, some painted things, a vase or two in lustre, some good-looking polychrome candlesticks--oh, well, you're young, you'll learn."  But the conversation left Andrew de- pressed. He hadn't guessed that his apartment was so dreadfully ugly or middle class. Ethyl--with her siren smiles and alluring red mouth shouldn't have had commonplace desires for "sets" and imitation tapestry--why, she should have had chiffon draperies--like some he'd seen in a studio, once, in Chelsea Village--and, why, a tiger skin, of course.  On the whole, though, Andrew was quite happy, the first year of his mar- riage, though it was not just what he had expected. There were no wild moments, no dark suspicions, no tan- talizing fears. Life became smooth, uneventful. Ethyl would meet him at the office for dinner, always charming- ly dressed, smiling. He didn't like the way she flirted with a new salesman named Brown and he watched her ra- ther closely while she was there, but, outside of that--  They'd go to a favorite restaurant