74 THE NEGLIGIBLE ONES    that she was beautiful, hearing it with a serious mind. Why not? How of- ten, with a despairing effort at comfort, as one who yields to a last hope, how- ever fabulous, had she repeated to her- self the doctrine that beauty is only skin deep! The lover, at last, would see beneath her trivial imperfections, and find within all the allure, all the tenderness, even all the beauty to thrill and content him. He was before her now, the one for whom she had hoped, gazing at her with these clairvoyant eyes of her faith, and perceiving the truth that he uttered. She was beauti- ful! Yes, it was true!  As he talked, returning again to the discussion of his plans, she watched his face. She knew that he was not hand- some. There were many lacks in his features: his nose needed more defini- tion, less of that melted look; the col- our of his hair was indeterminate and its texture too coarse, his eyes were somewhat small, his lips too heavy, his chin needed strength. But these defi- ciencies gave no chill to her enthusiasm. She had a secret strength for their sur- mounting.  He had stopped talking now and they Were looking at each other with tender     glances. What did it matter that he was not wholly the man she could have wanted? He was not heroic, he was not conquering, he was not handsome; it was all of no moment. He supplied, through nature, the one fundamental necessity: he was above all a man!  And to him, a man, any man, she could give these other things. Her ro- mantic imagination, long suppressed, sufficed to invest him with all the vir- tues reality had withheld. In her mind, by her imagination, she would see him as he ought to have been; in her eyes she would vision his pulchritude, his nobility, his strength, his heroism. And, in a vague way, looking at her un- lovely face, he understood this; it was her compensating gift.  For, if she was not the woman of his best desire, she was at least the one who ministered best to his pride. Compre- hending dimly his own weakness, his own triviality, he saw that no other woman, save one like her, could look at him as she did, give him this warming glance of pride, offer him this expres- sion of unearned homage. And so he was not without content.  They both had gifts for each other, these negligible ones!     Harpsichord  By Winthrop Parkhurst  LIKE hands that stray across the yellowed keys Of an old spinet whereon only dance The phantom fingers of my memories, Or ivory ghostly feet of dead romance, Your beauty brushed my spirit, and the keys Trembled to find that at a single glance From your grave eyes they sang as though a breeze Had blown from Heaven and struck a chord by chance.