78 LOST LOVE   fee. I lighted a cigarette and remarked encouragingly: "Yes?"  "As you can imagine," she went on, "the result was that he fell in love with my wickedness, and I with his good- ness. He liked the things about me that another man in love would have hated. He revelled in stories I told him; he wanted me to dress indecently, and paint my lips red. Can you under- stand it?"  "Yes," I assented. "As you say, he was in love with your badness."  I leaned back and thought for a mo- ment. The story pleased me like a good wine. My writer's instincts were blooming under it.  "Please go on," I said.  II  "The day after that evening, for in- stance," she continued, "he came and apologized for having given me the kiss; but, seeing that I didn't mind, he wanted to talk about it. He wanted me to tell him what other men did. I never understood that, either.  "But, anyway, I grew to care for him. I didn't show it because we were seldom alone, and on big parties I had to act up to my reputation. But I did begin to care. He loved me in a way I had never been loved before; he was younger than most of the men I knew, and he was nice. He had money, and it seemed that his family was traveling in the West, so he was absolutely free."  "Lucky child!"  "But listen: one evening we were going to my apartment in a taxi. Cur- tis always came as far as the door with me. This time he proposed marriage.  "My first thought was that he was drunk. But I soon saw that, to the contrary, he was rather sober, and very serious. So I told him to come up to talk it over. As soon as we got to the living room, I took him by the lapels of his coat and looked him in the eyes.  " 'Now look here, Curtis,' I said, 'you're a young kid, and I like you be- cause you are what you are. But you've got to learn. Why, do you know that     a girl could sue you for breach of promise after a thing like that? You want to be careful what you say.'  " 'I meant it,' he said. 'I want to marry you.'  " 'You don't want to marry me.'  " 'I do! I know what I want. I want to marry you.'  "We argued for some time. At last I said:  " 'I can't break my contract.'  " 'I don't want to make you break it.'  " 'You want me to stay in that part?"  "'Yes. Why not?'  " 'Oh!'  " 'Why not?' he asked again.  "I don't love you, Curtis."  " 'All that I want is for you to keep on acting the way you have been.'"  Suzanne smiled to herself, and I laughed much too loudly--which I real- ized, and looked around to see if any- one had noticed.  "So you married him?"  "Yes. I married him."  "I often wondered how it happened."  "We were married in a little country church. I insisted on that, though Curtis much preferred a big affair in the city. Our honeymoon lasted over the week-end. On Monday he came down to the station to see me off. He was coming into town later.  " 'Good-bye, dearie, for a little time.'  "He was a little proud of this assimi- lated love-word.  " 'Don't forget tonight.'  "'No. I won't. Don't you forget to telephone.'  " 'No.'  " 'Good-bye.'  " 'Good-bye.'  "We kissed, and as the train took me away I had time to collect my thoughts. In the first place, I realized that our wild honeymoon--we had been half drunk most of the time--had bound him even closer to me. You know, it was such a fool marriage. It wasn't a real marriage, at all, in spite of the license and the minister.  "I had an idea that things might as well break up just where they were; but the prospect of the jewelry and all