42 EAST AND WEST    had been, and the slush poured into the wheeltracks and nothing remained but the speculations of the shepherd to tell that a hansom cab had been in that part of China: presently even these ceased, and he was back with the early legends again in contemplation of se- rener things.  And the storm and the cold and the darkness made one last effort, and shook the bones of that shepherd, and rattled the teeth in the head that mused on the flowery fables, and suddenly it was morning. You saw the outlines of the sheep all of a sudden, the shepherd counted them, no wolf had come, you could see them all quite clearly. And in the pale light of the earliest morning the third hansom appeared, with its lamps still burning, looking ridiculous in the daylight. They came out of the East with the sleet and were all going due westwards, and the occupant of the third cab also wore evening dress.  Calmly that Manchu shepherd, with- out curiosity, still less with wonder, but as one who would see whatever life has to show him, stood for four hours to see if another would come. The sleet and the East wind continued. And at the end of four hours another came. The driver was urging it on as fast as he could, as though he were trying to make the most of the daylight, his cab- by's cape was flapping wildly about him; inside the cab a man in evening dress was being jolted up and down by the unevenness of the plain.  This was of course that famous race from Pittsburg to Piccadilly, going round by the long way, that started one night after dinner from Mr. Flagdrop's house and was won by Mr. Kagg, driv- ing the Honourable Alfred Fortescue, whose father it will be remembered was     Hagar Dermstein and became (by Let- ters Patent) Sir Edgar Fortescue, and finally Lord St. George.  The Manchu shepherd stood there till evening, and when he saw that no more cabs would come turned home- ward in search of food.  And the rice prepared for him was hot and good, all the more after the bit- ter coldness of that sleet. And when he had consumed it he perused his ex- perience, turning over again in his mind each detail of the cabs he had seen; and from that his thoughts slipped calmly to the glorious history of China, going back to the indecorous times be- fore calmness came, and beyond those times to the happy days of the earth when the gods and dragons were here and China was young; and lighting his opium pipe and casting his thoughts easily forward he looked to the time when the dragons shall come again.  And for a long while then his mind reposed itself in such a dignified calm that no thought stirred there at all, from which when he was aroused he cast off his lethargy as a man emerges from the baths, refreshed, cleansed and contented, and put away from his mus- ings the things he had seen on the plain as being evil and of the nature of dreams, or futile illusions, the results of activity which troubleth calm. And then he turned his mind toward the shape of God, the One, the Ineffable, who sits by the lotus lily, whose shape is the shape of peace, and divineth ac- tivity, and sent out his thanks to him that he had cast all bad customs west- ward out of China as a woman throws household dirt out of her basket far out into neighbouring gardens.  From thankfulness he turned to calm again, and out of calm to sleep.