50 TWILIGHT OF LOVE    haps she was in bed. He slowed his step a little and to a certain extent be- gan to regret his precipitancy. But now he was near her home and after all it would harm nothing to stop and see if there were still lights in the house.  He was already looking up at the door when he saw it open, he heard her voice, she came out--there was a young man at her side!  They stood talking a moment and then the young fellow ran down the steps and hurried up the street. From time to time he turned back and waved his hand. In the shadow, watching this, Pomeroy had the bitter remembrance of his own parody of this part, his many goings from this house, waving back at the figure on the doorstep.  He still stood on the pavement in a numbness of emotion. The young man disappeared around the other corner. The girl, before going in, looked idly across the street, and then, turning her head, glanced in the direction of the old man, a few yards distant.  For a few seconds she regarded him without recognition. This passed; she comprehended his identity; her body straightened, followed by a faint swaying that made her lean against the door-frame, as if in support. Still numbed, Pomeroy approached her, un- questioningly, with no search for a mo- tive.  She made him an abrupt gesture of beckoning and ascending the steps he followed her into the house. They en- tered the parlour and here she turned and faced him.  "I knew you'd discover some time!" she said. "I hadn't the heart ... the courage ... to tell you. ..."  He was without words. He stared at her stupidly. His mind was strange- ly empty, all agility of thought passed as if under the malignancy of a curse. He felt tired, he felt old.  "Don't blame me," she said. "I thought I wanted you! I wanted some- body and you came; I waited so long, I was so hopeless! You were gentle, you were kind--it seemed to me I could give up the things I had dreamed just     to be sure of your kindness, your af- fection. How could I tell I was about to find the young man!"  She paused; she waited for him to speak, but still there were no words to say. He began to feel oppressed as if, in that familiar room, there was an in- sufficiency of air to satisfy the dry crav- ing of his lungs. He turned suddenly, strode out into the hall, and like one who escapes, he ran down the steps and walked swiftly away.  He thought he heard her calling af- ter him, but ha did not turn; at the sound of her voice he hurried his re- treating steps.  A moment later the night air and the quiet brooding streets returned to him his lost mental processes. Immediately an immeasurable bitterness entered his mind.  He recalled the girl as he had first seen her--almost charmless, ineffectual, pathetic in her self depreciation. Then he had played this simple, ironic part: his task had been not to furnish love, but assurance. He had assured her, swept away her doubts, destroyed the memory of her old disappointments, brought into being the possibility of her charm--for someone else!  His bitterness passed into anger. His eyes re-enacted the witnessed scene of parting--the young man, the faithless girl. As he thought of the other man his anger increased and a malevolent desire to destroy burnt savagely in his mind. He was strong enough for this, not too old for this!  He had been walking without pur- pose, without goal. Now, glancing up, he was surprised to see the street of his club; already he could make out some idle shapes at the big windows. In this instant of orientation he was at the summit of his rage--and also the sum- mit of his romantic efflorescence. A second later the flame collapsed--and he found himself stumbling up the steps of the club.  The door-man obsequiously pulled back the doors. He walked in unstead- ily. A couple of old fellows nodded at him. He sank into one of the cushioned