90 TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS    asinine talk going around--we must make our position very plain."  A few compliments were exchanged over the wire and the two receivers were hung up.  Valdivieso went to the mirror and examined his face in the glass. He carefully straightened his white tie, smoothed down his shirt-front, whipped a fleck of tobacco stain from his upper lip. He looked less perturbed; he felt more assured. Perez had doubtless been as worried as himself.  He walked down the long flight of steps and got into the car that was waiting in front of his chalet. The car pulled away and swung into the street. Two or three men observed his depart- ure, recognized him, and looked after the disappearing automobile with keen interest.  "No doubt he is going to the police," they said.  But Valdivieso had so far no sym- pathy with his son and was content that the boy should suffer the humiliation of a night in jail. Naturally, he would be subjected to no severities. It would probably be a good thing for him.  So the father, smiling a little now, looked out on the avenue and leisurely contemplated the crowds on the side- walk. El Paraiso was still crowded at that hour. The bands in the public squares had just finished playing, the opera had let out a short time before, and thirsty men were hurrying for their nightly tables at the cafes. The lighted city lay like a gay jewel be- tween the impenetrable shadows of the mountains that flanked it on either side.  Perez lived on the same street, the street that housed most of the promi- nent people of the capital. It was not long before the car drew up at his door.  The Gobernador was waiting and the two friends shook hands with a com- plete and relieving cordiality. Brandy and soda was served to them at once, in tall glasses, and they sat down to talk.  "Have little Heraclia and the Se- nora returned?" asked Valdivieso.     Perez nodded. He sipped his brandy with a smile.  "Yes? Then they've told you all about it. I've heard nothing but the barest facts myself. What did that wretched boy do?"  The Gobernador touched the arm of his friend with a caressing gesture. He continued to smile amiably. Larger than Ruiz Valdivieso, older in appear- ance, his big body, composed in the chair, had the effect of profound solid- ity and impressive calm.  "Never mind the boy," he said. "Don't call him names. What about my own son? Doesn't he get me into hot water at every turn? It is the way with these youths when their spirits are high and they have the pride that comes with good blood and a good name. I more than suspect it was a little re- action of jealousy!"  "Jealousy? What do you mean?"  "Well, my friend, I think your young son has had part of an eye at least on Heraclia. ... I think so. . . ."  "Ah? You never metioned this. . ."  Perez laughed; his face was ruddy from the effect of the brandy and his good humor.  "No. I've been waiting. And the confounded girl--bless the good God you haven't a girl; they're more worry than any boy--has probably been a lit- tle cold to him. I don't know; I haven't questioned her. But this is what happened. The women had de- cided they didn't care for the opera tonight and had given the box to the Hidalgos, who have a houseful of friends from Argentina. Then they changed their minds. I secured them tickets in the parquet and Heraclia and my wife got themselves ready and left at the usual time. When they were taken to their seats they unexpect- edly found your boy sitting on the aisle.  "My girl was in front of her mother and she stood for a moment, expecting your son to rise and let them pass. But the infant spread out his legs and ig- nored them! It would have been neces- sary to climb over him!"