124 THE OCTOGENARIAN    was glad of his danger, glad that the goal of his bench in the little park was not to be attained without these mo- ments of uncertainty.  All the ways of danger were nego- tiated without disaster and just a little ahead he saw the trees, fingered by un- seen breezes, and swaying a little at their tops, the gravelled walks, the empty benches. With a contented sigh he turned in at the first entrance and walking a little farther, sat down in a bench, with the sun at his back.  It was just as before, women with babies, boys and girls together, lone, disconsolate men out of work, idlers, children at play. Yet for him it was endowed with some measure of a new significance. He had come back, against his desire, to life, and now he was compensated by a deceitful and evanescent sense of charm. He looked all about him, saw a familiar face or two, and breathed at ease.  Presently he heard a stick tapping in the gravel; he looked around and saw another old man coming along the path. Their eyes met; they were strang- ers, but the comradery of their age made them suddenly smile at each other.  He moved a little toward the edge of the bench, by this action inviting the other old man to sit down. His cour- tesy was accepted and the new acquain- tance painfully adjusted his body to the seat.  "It's a fine day," said the old man.  "Yes, a fine, a very fine day," he agreed.  "Guess we old timers are glad for that, eh? We don't have any love for sloppy weather, do we?"  They smiled at each other again; the octogenarian laughed briefly.  "Seen enough of sloppy weather in my time," he said.  His new friend was immediately reminiscent.  "The sloppiest weather," he said, "was back in sixty-two, down in Ken- tucky-Cumberland Gap. Bragg al- ways managed to grab his share of our commissary; I remember how mad old     Buell was with our commissariat up in Cincinnati. He was looking over the lists of supplies and when he bawled out: 'Well, that is plenty for us, but are you sure you've got enough for Bragg?' "  They both laughed; they looked at each other in excitement; they clasped each other's hands. The octogenarian began to relate one of his own expe- riences, whilst the other listened, in si- lence, but impatiently, waiting to coun- ter with another story. They tapped the ground with their sticks in enjoy- ment, leaning close to each other, like venerable conspirators, contemptuous of eavesdroppers.  The old days returned, and forgetting Jim and Mabel, forgetting all the cir- cumstances of his later years, his mind went back to these hours of his youth, and all their lost allure. His memory recalled former hazards, and it seemed natural now that once he had accepted them, and achieved their necessities, and come through their dangers with courage and success. He was young again, he lived his former dreams, he saw the departed shapes of his old hopes.  The hours passed too swiftly and only the warning of the sun made them separate. They promised to meet again the next day. They shook hands affec- tionately, and each walked off slowly, separately, through the park.  The octogenarian scarcely saw any of the objects about him. He was still fascinated by the realities of other days, for realities in these moments had long since ceased to exist for him. He ignored the crossings, abandoning him- self to their trivial dangers with re- gard. Passing slowly through the fa- miliar streets, his spirit went upon dif- ferent and older ways, that had gone with the years.  A spectacle of faces passed before his eyes. He recalled the days before the war, his first visit to the city, his first romance. Something of the an- cient stir of this moved in his bloid once more, like the stimulation of a bustle drug. He smiled; he nodded to