TWILIGHT OF LOVE 49    The memory of this incident passed for the glowing days overshadowed it. They were very close to each other now and in his secret way he indulged all the minutse of love.  He wrote her nearly every day, fill- ing his letters with sentimental phrases that stirred him deeply as they flowed poetically from under his eager pen. He brought her flowers and gifts; he watched her moods; by her side he in- clined his head to catch her low-spoken words, oblivious to any that might watch him. She was always tender, al- ways sweet.  Yet presently he thought he observed a change. She seemed to pass from the languor of her customary moods to an almost inevitable and surprising ar- dour, as if some fresh flame burned in her heart.  This was manifested to him, not so much in embraces of greater fervour, in kisses that pressed more warmly on his lips, as in the surprising new glow of her eyes, the sudden, enigmatic smiles, the unexpected, rapturous in- takings of breath--in ways that, curi- ously, were almost divorced from his participation.  Sometimes, when he talked to her, she scarcely seemed to hear; watching her face, he would see her eyes open wider, looking past him, as if at some- thing precious beyond his forgotten nearness. Frequently he was surprised, on coming to her home, to find her al- most cold; she would take his hand, press his fingers perfunctorily, and without apparent response. And then, yield herself to his greeting embrace perhaps a moment later, she would seem all fire, that remote fire, confus- ing, that began to bring him doubts.  He found too that they were not to- gether so frequently. For a long time he had seen her nearly every evening; now she made excuses, but often, after an absence of several days, she repaid him with hysterical embraces.  Nevertheless, his assurance was dim- inished by disturbing uncertainties. He no longer felt, in a continuous, un- swerving stream, that consciousness of      superiority and pride. Something had interposed itself betwixt them, an im- palpable veil, fogging his certainties.  One evening, as he was preparing to call at her home his telephone rang. On answering he found it was she, ask- ing to be excused, pleading a headache.  Deeply disappointed, he consented, and the hours before bedtime loomed up before him like impassable obstacles.  It had been three days since they were together.  He seated himself in a chair, discon- solate, and stared down at the carpet.  Slowly he reviewed the difficulties of the past few weeks. No word of any change had passed between them--and suddenly he felt that an understanding was necessary.  In a measure they had lost the habit of confidence, accepting each other too easily. They no longer had those inti- mate talks that searched out inner, mu- tual secrets.  He felt that he must tell her of his fears, of his perturbations; she would see then; she would confide; and the days of old assurance, like a returning tide, would flow warmly back again. As he resolved upon this his doubts cleared, he felt easier, and the simple confession seemed all that was neces- sary.  But he was impatient to make it. Many times he got up and walked about the room, strode to the window and stared down at the crowded street, full of shadows and the hurry of dusk shapes. It seemed impossible to wait for another day. He determined to go now; she would be glad in the end for his coming.  A few minutes later he was in the street.  As he neared her house his mood ex panded, his heart beat faster and his pace was more hurried. Some of the old, confident delight was in his blood again, the romantic joy of playing the young lover. He turned a corner; he was on her street.  Passing an arc lamp he glanced at his watch and found it later than he had supposed--after ten o'clock. Per-   S. S.--Dec. 4