96 TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS    at him. They fastened their eager eyes upon him in surprise, in expectancy, in curiosity.  For a moment he was oblivious to the stir he was making and then, meet- ing gaping faces on every hand, he stopped short in the center of the room and frowned. He looked about him angrily, scanning the staring faces at the tables.  Then a man named Silva, an old valdiviesista, came hurrying to him through an oblique channel of silent tables. After a moment the Secretary observed his anxious approach and concentrated his stare upon Silva's pro- pitiatory countenance.  "What the devil is the matter?" he asked.  Silva came very close, he bent for- ward, he spoke softly into the ear of his chief.  "You haven't heard the news then, Senor?"  "Ah?"  "Listen, Senor; I learned of it less than an hour ago. I heard it from one who saw the whole affair. Julio is im- prisoned again! Your friend, Senor Perez, attacked him in front of La Es- pania. He knocked him to the pave- ment with one sweep of his arm and then caused him to be taken to jail. I had this from a very good fellow who saw the whole affair. Everyone knows; ask anyone, Senor!"  Ruiz Valdivieso stood erect and frowning, staring at his inform- ant.  There was no change in his contract- ed visage, unless it were the slight deepening of the ruddy colour in his cheeks. His friends closed around him; there was an eager chatter. In the midst of his companions, like one lost in the contemplation of remote con- cerns, Ruiz Valdivieso stod in utter silence.  At last he took a step toward an empty table a few yards distant. Stop- ping abruptly, turning suddenly, he made a gesture for Silva to follow him. The fellow and his friends trailed be- hind him to the table; they sat down     and Silva stood at the side of his chief, respectful and waiting.  For a few seconds the seated man, the center of all interest, was silent.  Then he turned to Silva and spoke.  "Antonio," he said, "you can serve me very well."  "Si, Senor."  "I want you to go to my home," he said.  He paused, he stared at his hands that lay spread out on the table under his eyes, "and get my revolver," he added.  The valdiviesista turned sharply and hurried out of the restaurant. The old caudillo was silent. A waiter ap- proached and with glances of eager curiosity took the order from one of the company. He returned after a mo- ment with fresh glasses of brandy-and- soda.  Ruiz Valdivieso raised his glass and drank the beverage in a long uninter- rupted swallow. He replaced the glass sharply, raised his eyes, and stared at the faces of his attentive friends.  "Caballeros," he said, "this man whom I imagined was my friend has taken this means to insult my name; I don't know what he imagines, what he proposes, what his schemes are. Cer- tainly he underestimates, unhappily for him, the decision of my character. When Antonio Silva returns with my weapon, I shall go to La Espana and shoot him at his table!"  He paused again, looked down for a further second, raised his eyes once more.  "However, he must know," he said.  "I wish one of you would go to the Es- pania and tell him what I intend."  There was a second of hesitation, but finally one of the company stood up and glancing at the others for a hesi- tant instant, turned and walked slowly toward the door.  The waiter brought fresh drinks.  An eager, exclamatory conversation broke out like an eruption of pent-up talk among the remaining companions at the table.  Ruiz Valdivieso said little. His face