AUNT IDA 105    manicured little finger. She had a smile and side glance for every man in the office. What would Minnie and Nellie think of her?  Andrew found himself strangely un- der the spell of Ethyl. He squirmed, agreeably, under her charms. He found himself watching for her com- ing in the morning--she was always late--trying to get a word with her whenever he could, during the day. He couldn't break away. Her thin white hands, her too-red lips, her pert man- ners bewitched him. The other girls he knew in New York--New Yorkers now, but small town girls first--ceased to interest him. He could think only of Ethyl. He was as madly in love as a neat, decent little fellow of his type could be--and with a New Yorker named Ethyl. He was amazed at his own boldness.  Finally, he asked if he might call. He felt that this would be a test--would disillusion him. He'd see the kind of a home Ethyl came from--the spell would be broken.  "Oh, don't come out to the house," Ethyl said, "not tonight, anyhow. Aunt Mary and the three kids are there. Their apartment is being redecorated and the small of paint makes Aunt Mary ill. I'll tell you, let's have din- ner some place down here and go to the movies."  So--she was ashamed of her home-- or not prepared yet that he might see it. Well, he knew that much, any- how.  That evening was the pleasantest Andrew had ever spent. The little French restaurant Ethyl suggested-- she knew dozens just like it all over town--seemed mysterious, different. The motion picture theater seemed made just for the two of them. He loved the music, that night. The pres- ence of Ethyl, the fragrance of her-- he'd never had such an opportunity to smell the perfume she used as in that semi-dark, warm theater--her little laughs, made him half dizzy. He reached over for her thin white hand and found it soft and very yielding.     She didn't pull away, with a joke, as other girls lie knew would have done. It was quite wonderful. Afterward, they went for a "bite to eat." Ethyl chose rather a quiet restaurant and said she "had to hurry home or her mother'd worry." She was a deep one, was Ethyl.  The outside of Ethyl's apartment house told him nothing. It was in a respectable section of Harlem, a six story building of red brick, ornamented with the usual white stone, the usual skeleton of fire escapes, the regulation vulgarly ornate entrance hall. Ethyl held out a slim white hand at the door of the elevator.  "Had a fine time, see you tomorrow," she said, as the elevator boy, a huge negro in a uniform several sizes too small for him, opened the door.  "That elevator man, bet he knows a thing or two he could tell me about Ethyl," thought Andrew on his way home.  He had an engagement with a cou- ple of "the fellows" the next night. The night after, he took Ethyl to dinner at one of the better hotels and then to a musical comedy. She had to go home immediately afterward.  "Some friends of Mama's are there for the evening and I promised to get home in time for the eats," she told him.  But, when they reached her apart- ment house, the slouching negro, the yawning elevator, she dismissed him again with a wave of her hand and a "See you tomorrow." Could it be pos- sible that Ethyl was leading a double life?  She seemed all right, of course, worked hard, was a good stenographer. Andrew knew that. And yet--of course, she spoke of her family, little things--her mother had been to a card party, some relatives had been there for dinner, her father had been over in New Jersey for a week-end of shooting with some friends from the place where he was employed. It didn't seem quite right. Andrew's father didn't go shoot- ing, his mother didn't play cards. He'd