Répétition Générale  By  George Jean Nathan and H. L. Mencken    1  On Pedagogy.--In nearly all of the modern literature of pedagogy there is a false assumption, and that is the as- sumption that the aim of education is to fill the mind with knowledge. The fact is that its aim is almost exactly the contrary. That is to say, a man who has been competently educated is not one who has been crammed with the orthodox knowledge of his time and country but one who has been emptied of the orthodox knowledge of his time and country, i.e., of the common stock of superstitions, prejudices, manias, phobias and delusions. The human mind, even in its lowest forms, is never actually hollow. On the contrary, it teems and seethes with ideas, and most of them are held as immovable certain- ties. It is the purpose of anything properly describable as a liberal edu- cation to break down these certainties, shoulder them out of the mind, and so make head-room for the small body of current ideas that are actually true. This body is never large. The process of enlightenment consists largely of ex- amining and rejecting them. A man of sound education is one who holds all his ideas a bit gingerly and is always ready to dismiss them.  Such an education is not easily pro- curable at the average university. That is because the great majority of the men who teach in such universities are themselves not educated; they are sim- ply school-mastered. The result is that, instead of purging the student's mind of its inherited and acquired bilge, they devote themselves to forcing more bilge into it. In the most favourable     cases this fills the cranial cavity with a dense mass of heterogeneous debris, almost colloidal in its gumminess and unworkableness; in not a few cases it causes actual explosions, and we have, say, a college Socialist.  2  The Cocktail and the Woman.--The effect of cocktails--or any other alco- holic beverage--upon women is curi- ously unlike the effect of such tonics upon men. Take, for example, the re- lation of the effect of alcoholic in- dulgence to amour. A man and a wo- man, mutually intrigued, are seated at table. The man drinks a cocktail, then another, then another, then another. With each successive tipple he becomes more and more excited over the charms of his fair companion, more and more eloquent, more and more eager to im- print a smack behind her little pink seashell of an ear. As one cocktail follows its predecessor down his ali- mentary canal, he waxes amorous crescendo, fortissimo. But consider now the woman.  After her first cocktail, she is in a mood precisely like the mood of the man after his first cocktail. After the second, she is in a mood precisely like the man after his second. But comes now the curious change. Though his third cocktail increases the man's ardour, her third cocktail almost in- stantaneously decreases the woman's. As if struck by a ghostly streak of lightning, as if touched by some occult hand, the woman's mood suddenly achieves a certain restraint, a peculiar rigidity, a trace of coolness. The man's   S. S.--Dec. 5 65