120 THE OCTOGENARIAN    knees, his downward-cast eyes had made out an unfortunate oversight. Before leaving that afternoon one of the rules had been infringed: he still wore his old, spotted trousers. That would anger Mabel, if she saw him. For some reason she was touchy about the neighbours; she said he "shamed" her when he went out "looking like a tramp." What did the neighbours care about him?  He made his way indoors safely, without meeting her, and going up- stairs in relief, changed his trousers at once. Then, quite tired, he sat down in a rocking chair, near his little win- dow; the last rays of the sun illumined his old face, sparkled in his grey ebard like points of coloured fire, and added to his aspect an appearance of venera- ble vision. Moreover, it warmed him again, and he began to doze. His mouth dropped open a little and a gentle snor- ing sound escaped sibilantly between his lips.  He was awakened by the repeated, petulant calling of his name; the shout ascended the stairs in a woman's fal- setto. He answered suddenly, and arose with an unsteady haste.  He was not yet entirely awake, and the room was a trifle blurred, the rec- tangular opening of the dark door wa- vered a little, but he stumbled through the hall, anxious to atone now by his promptness for the annoyance he had caused.  He descended the stairs as fast as he could, clinging to the balustrade; Ma- bel had returned to the dining-room when he got there and was already seat- ed; his son Jim was also at his cus- tomary place.  "Can't you try to keep awake when you know it's almost dinner time?" she said.  Her voice was sharp, irritated.  "Nearly every evening I have to scream my lungs out at you--I thought you were dead this time; I thought I'd have to come upstairs and shake you!"  He smiled a little, the customary smile of dull apology.  "The sun made me sleepy," he said.     "Then I wish you'd find some other time to sit in the sun!"  He sat down; he began to eat the food they put on his plate.  Presently Jim and his wife com- menced a conversation and he felt more comfortable--for a moment they had forgotten him. These were the in- stants of his greatest content--when he knew that he was ignored. Then the sense of his uselessness was less op- pressive and his fear of a misdemeanor less intense.  After a time, something that Jim said reminded him of an old circum- stance.  "That's like old Bell," he broke in. "He lived out in Warren county. When he ran for the Sheriff he pasted up pos- ters all over the roads that said: "Vote for Bell. You all know Bell!' I went down to see how the election turned and then I met old Hoss McCormack--he always snuffled a little when he talked. Hoss said to me: 'Snff . . .comin' to see how old Bell . . . snff . . . made out? Well . . . snff ... he got beat! We all knew Bell all right! We . . . snff . . . knew'm too well!' "  He laughed at the reminiscence; the others at the table were silent. Mabel leaned over to her husband and raised her eyes with an imploring significance, as if supplicating some higher power for a gracious deliverance. These tales were so old; they had been repeated so many times; what a real torture to hear them day after day!  Before dinner was quite over the bell rang; it was a neighbour with whom Mabel was to attend a picture show. The father and son were left at the table.  Jim removed a cigar from his pocket and began to smoke. They sat in si- lence; the smoke drifted across the room in undulating layers, rising and falling with invisible currents of the lazy air.  The old man pushed his plate away and sat with his hands' folded on the cloth, in a measurable content. While in this position he experienced a pe- culiar sudden dizziness; for a moment