54 ON RECEIVING A LUNCHEON INVITATION    little, remembered, loved things for the other to know--sensations, books, mu- sic, the turning inside out of the show places of our minds and hearts--and the glow of being together. But for me, being dead, these things would be but faint echoings of other affairs.  Material things take up more than their share. Do you know I've grey hairs, Alfredo? Whenever my hair was being dressed, preparatory to see- ing you, I'd have to remember them, so you wouldn't know. And massages --ugh, but lines around the mouth of the one whom you want to kiss--that would never do, for one as young as you. And freshness--do you know how important and how difficult that is. I wonder--always being crisp and dainty, always carrying around the halo of an unsullied fragility. It isn't easy, when one is my age. And with- out that . . .  You see, it is the work of being loved that I cannot face. It is much too diffi- cult, always being clever and happy, always ready to make your moods mine, to respond to your emotions-- and yet to be alluring and shining. I can't go through it again.  We would go on, I know, pleasantly enough. I would be very fond of you --too fond, perhaps. That's another thing--even now I'm emotional and I can't afford to be. Sleepless nights-- I must rest, you know--and days of thinking of you and letting you intrude upon my stupidly comfortable routine.  We'd grow fond of one another and you'd expect me to be always ready to go to the theater with you, to explore some odd part of town, some little quaint restaurant. I know. Each of them would mean the spending of time and energy. Pleasant? Oh, yes, but I've done them all. I haven't a thrill left. I've seen so many unique restau- rants--I've walked down so many pleasant lanes . . .  Then, one of us would get tired. Perhaps it would be you--and I might forget and worry you with notes and telephone calls and trying to keep you to myself--and you'd see the grey hairs     and the lines and notice where my shoulders were too fat--think of the humiliation of being thrown aside, even nicely, by you. Or, if I quit caring, even the amount I was able to care--and I could be quite fond of you for a little while, you'd be the one--and you might threaten something un- pleasant and worry me and I'd wonder if I had spoiled your future--and I'd remember a time when I did spoil a future, years ago, and that would worry me all over again. So you see . . .  It would be fun to know you better, Alfredo. I love your playing ... I think you've something really good in your "Wishing Cycle" and your weather suite is dear. But . . . play- ing. I can see you, your long, white fingers on the keyboard--of course you have nice hands, Alfredo. You'd play things to me, things others have played, and little improvisations, too. You'd even compose a piece for me, I know-- if I proved very nice--with a little odd name to it--and you'd play it, in pub- lic, when I was there, and send me a glance that no one else would under- stand. But that's the trouble, Alfredo, the flame-coloured sunrise in my living room, that, too, was painted for me . . . and the bas relief over the mantel . . .I've known other slim, white fingers.  You'd feel sorry for me because I was unhappily married and I'd let you sympathize with me and lead you on to believe that my husband was a dull, stupid sort, a mere worm, linked for life to me, who am so fragile, sensitive. You'd say, "How I hate your husband" and you'd call me by the name you'd have made up for me by that time . . . "How I hate him, thinking about him, when I am not here with you. He seems so--so brutal, masculine!" And I'd drop my eyes and let you think that you were right about him.  It isn't the truth, of course. I am most comfortably, happily married. But that . . . ! Frederick is a won- derful man. He is a great reader, though I'd never have let you guess it.