12 WHAT IS ISN'T    clamored for answer. And, strangely enough, it was a question which, in his pondering, had not once addressed it- self to Calvert. She was perplexed be- yond measure to know how her brother- in-law had, even after that hour and more of delay, discovered that she was at Giro's.  And it was not till the day was spent --that awful afternoon of crowding privileged callers: close relatives of Elliot's and her own; and that evening of crowding memories--that her curi- osity was satisfied. Much as she wished to know, she would have sacrificed her tongue rather than ask Robert Holland. And he was the last man to have vol- unteered information on, to him, so delicate a matter.  Throughout the ordeal of that pre- mature and precipitate home-coming; succeeded by that seemingly endless lis- tening to a detailed narrative of just what had happened at the law offices, preceding and following the discovery of the sagging, lifeless body in the re- volving chair; and finally the exchange of expressions of sympathy and con- dolence with kinsfolk; Bianca, after the initial shock of surprise, bore herself with commendable bravery.  Tactfully, she managed by sheer force of will to steer a middle course between an exhibition of too much feel- ing and of too little. Gaining thus for herself undeserved commendation for her admirable self-control in the face of an overwhelming sorrow, and avoiding the criticism of the captious for lack of emotion, not to say heartlessness.  For the expenditure of nervous force involved in this successful endeavor, however, she had subsequently to pay. With the departure of the last visitor there descended upon her an avalanche of imaginings, born of swift reaction. The objective gave place to the sub- jective. She became the prey of her own introspection. She had been, if not unfaithful in the larger acceptation of that term, certainly undutiful. Self- reproach seized upon her and exacted its measure of requital. She was haunted by her dead.     In her opal-tinted boudoir, to which she had fled at the first moment of freedom, her husband awaited her. He moved constantly before her. He was: in every chair. He sat where yester- day Lee Calvert had sat beside her on the small white and lavender sofa. And always, though he spoke no word, there was accusation in the fixed stare of his small, misty grey eyes. Accusa- tion and reproach.  As in a panorama there unrolled be- fore her scene after scene of their life together, the four years of which were crowded into a space of minutes. There was, too, their first meeting at a Newport garden party, recalling her hasty appraisement of him and her utter indifference. It was followed by his proposal on the moonlit deck of his yacht; her reluctance to wound him with a definite refusal, and the subse- quent appeal of her mother not idly to reject so advantageous an opportunity. With a keen pang of reflected memory she saw again her wedding and her monstrously miscalled honeymoon, and all the horrid pictures of her direful awakening to the bondage of a mar- riage on which Eros frowned.  How often in those early months had she wished herself dead! How many times had she considered the ways and means of self-destruction and yet been too cowardly to put them to practice! And then, after the coming into her life of Lee Calvert, how wondrously had she changed! No longer was there anything desirable in death--her own death. She wanted life then; life at its full. And presently she had come to realize that nothing but divorce or Elliot Holland's death could give it to her.  The former, she very soon learned, must be regarded as even a more re- mote possibility than the latter. Her parents were of that conservative ele- ment which frowns upon the legal rup- ture of the marriage tie as both an im- morality and a sacrilege. And her hus- band, an egoist of egoists, as well as a strange admixture of ice and quick, fierce flame, would release her only up-