46 TWILIGHT OF LOVE    and there was always a crowd going back and forth beneath his windows: the street was full of automobiles that struggled for precedence. It was often his custom to stand here in a sort of sensual and intellectual numbness, per- mitting the minutes, with which he had nothing better to do, to pass un- heeded. Today he felt more in touch with things, more of the urge and sen- sation of life. The girl, he thought, had something to do with that. It was good to know young friends.  She answered his note promptly; two days later he set out to call on her. When her reply came he had studied the handwriting with interest. It had some character. She set down her words in a nervous chirography a little difficult to read. There was no school- girlish roundness to her writing. Her script accentuated his sense of her com- plexity, her curious psychology. He went over in his mind the details of their single, surprising meeting, and found her personality very shadowy; for all her frankness she had by no means revealed herself.  At a suitable time in the evening he set out, unusually eager, interested and anxious for their renewed conversation. But as he approached her street he found himself shrinking a little. His customary aloofness asserted itself, his habit of routine, his cautious tendency to only the repetition of tried and in- significant events.  Once or twice he thought he would not go back; there was a palpable lack of proportion in this call--an almost old man, a young girl. But his admis- sion that he was nearly old stayed his retreat. He was old enough to aban- don some conventions; no one would misinterpret his actions.  She lived on an obscure street, a faintly shabby street, one of those thor- oughfares that, having passed their original importance, seem to withdraw from the uses of other streets in a sort of spinster-like and ineffectual disdain. The houses were old, their fronts stained, their brown steps worn into hollows; it was all very quiet.     He stopped in front of her house, ascended to the outer landing, and rang the bell.  Following upon his ring there was some sort of a subdued confusion in- side.  A moment later the girl herself came to the door.  For an instant his glance passed over her shoulder and he made out a pair of disappearing feet, going up the stairs. This was doubtless the mother, the mother of unrealities. Now his eyes re- turned to the girl; she was holding the door open for him to enter; her lips, unexpectedly, were smiling.  The smile disconcerted him a little. He had imagined this moment of meet- ing, seeing it in terms of their initial encounter. Then she had not displayed the habit of smiles.  He followed her into the house; they turned from the hall and entered the "parlour" he stood awkwardly near the door a moment until she pulled two chairs near each other and invited him to sit down.  Their eyes met, and she was still smiling. Her appearance surprised him; she seemed, not more young, but more ardent, less harsh, less self-deny- ing. Her cheeks, that he remembered as marked by an even pallor, had touches of colour. Her frock was girl- lish, attractive, the white throat emerged from it in a gracious column. She began to speak about something, some trivial comment, and as he lis- tened an astonishing understanding pre- sented itself. She had prepared elabo- rately for his visit! He saw her seated an hour or more before her mirror, tinting her cheeks and lips, arranging her hair, trying the effect of her dresses. For her he had come, not in the fatherly role, but as an opportunity, a chance miraculously found, as a young man might!  He began to smile; he was touched, and he moved his chair an inch or two nearer hers as a gesture of unspoken intimacy.  But more than anything else, Pome- roy was flattered. Anticipating some