16 WHAT IS ISN'T    offices, I unlocked Mr. Delray's door, discovered the book on his desk and took it with me, relocking the door.'  "Permit me to explain," Mr. Dallas interrupted his reading to say, "that Mr. Delray has been absent since the first of August, and that his office is rarely used."  Wills nodded, and the reader con- tinued:  " 'From that time until my discov- ery of Mr. Holland's body I was con- tinuously present in the outer office, and saw everyone who entered or left the library and the private offices. Mr. Dallas arrived at 9:40, went in to his office and left again at 9:50 for Special Sessions. Edward Galton, a law stu- dent, came in shortly after ten and read in the library until nearly halfpast eleven. While he was there, Mr. Hol- land's brother-in-law, Stephen Arrow- smith, called and asked for Mr. Hol- land. I told him that I was not certain that Mr. Holland would be down that day, as he was sailing early the next morning for Europe and had about completed all his arrangements for sev- eral months' absence. He said he knew that--about his sailing--but that he had a partial engagement to meet him here that morning. He went into the library to wait.  " 'It was probably ten minutes later that Mr. Holland got me on the tele- phone and informed me that he would be down at noon. He asked me to call up Gardener Brothers in the meantime and instruct them to have his letter of credit here, without fail, by twelve. I did so. Then I looked in the library and told Mr. Arrowsmith what I had learned. As I held the door open Ed- ward Galton passed me going out. Mr. Arrowsmith and I chatted for a mo- ment, and he finally decided to attend to some other matter meanwhile and left the office, saying he would be back in time to catch Mr. Holland.  " 'He had hardly left when he re- turned for his umbrella which he had forgotten. He said it looked like snow. A minute later he went out again and I did not see him until after my dis-     covery. Meanwhile Edward Galton had come in again in company with two other students, Frank Hippe and John Tumulty. They were reading when, at ten minutes to twelve, Mr. Holland en- tered. The letter of credit had not come and he was very angry. I pointed out the fact that he had said noon, and that there were still ten minutes to spare. In spite of that he got Gardener, Brothers on the wire and spoke very sharply. I gathered that he was told it was "on the way."' "  The reader paused, and Wills asked with a smile if that was supposed to constitute a motive for murder.  "Sharp words over the telephone," he explained when Dallas looked per- plexed. "If so none of us would be safe."  The junior member, however, lack- ing a sense of humor, solemnly con- tinued his reading.  " 'Mr. Calvert, of Gardener Broth- ers, arrived with the letter of credit at 12:05. I was watching the clock. He came to my desk with it, and I asked him to hand it, himself, to Mr. Hol- land. He passed through the library door and five minutes later came out again and left the office. Shortly after that--not over five minutes at the most --I, myself, went to Mr. Holland's office. A question had occurred to me that required an answer from him be- fore he sailed, and I thought best to get it at once, as otherwise I might for- get it. The door to his office was closed. I knocked, fancied I heard him answer, and went in. To my astonishment his body was sagging to the right over the arm of his revolving chair, his head drooping forward at an angle, and the fingers of his right hand resting on the floor. His eyes were closed, or half closed, and I thought he had fainted.  " 'I spoke to him, but he did not re- spond. I said sharply: "Mr. Holland!" The words were without effect. I lifted him up and straightened him in his chair. It was evident to me then that he was totally unconscious, per- haps moribund. His flesh, I observed,