38 WHAT IS ISN'T    nothing. And my hands were tied. Persuasion had no effect on him. Threats he laughed at. He was a piece of stone. Hard as iron and cold as ice. In the six months prior to his--his death, I had less than four hundred dollars. And I went through hell."  He paused to refresh himself and light another cigarette. Then:  "Were you ever in love?" he asked, putting down his glass.  "Not very seriously."  "Then you won't be able to under- stand."  "Try me," Wills suggested.  "I'm mad over Leda. She's beyond words to describe. She's been devotion itself. But she wasn't made for pov- erty. She wilts under it. She's put up with things, hoping for a turn. Last fall she met a man--an acquaintance of a friend of hers--who admired her at sight. She told me all about it. He'd do about everything in the world for her but marry her. He's a mil- lionaire twice over. He'd give her all she craved. Apartment, clothes, jew- els, automobile, chauffeur, everything. Can you imagine how I felt? I saw her fading every day and could do nothing. And I knew she had that of- fer in her mind, every minute. He let it stand open. I wanted her to be happy. Oh, God, how I wanted it! I'd have broken into a bank and looted it for her if I could. Don't you see how I was tempted? With that real estate out of Holland's hands and with a trust company that wouldn't put every penny of income back into it, I'd soon be getting fifty thousand a year. Do you wonder I was tempted?"  "No, I don't," Wills answered.  The lean, sinewy man leant nearer to him across the table.  "I am tempted beyond my strength," he whispered--"almost."  Ten minutes later Wills was driving him uptown in a taxicab. He was drunk. His story told, he had gone to pieces suddenly after the final drink. There are some dipsomaniacs like that.  "Shay," he stammered as the vehicle turned into West Twenty-second     Street, where he and his light-o'-love lived in one big second-floor front room, "you gotta come in an' shee Leda. She's worth killin' a man for."  "Thank you," Wills returned. "But you'll have to excuse me this evening. I'll come some other day. Which re- minds me. Who am I to ask for? You haven't given me your name."  "Arrowshmith. Stephen Arrow- shmith. Whash yoursh?"  "Mine?" Wills queried. "Oh, yes! 'Balderdash.' I'm sorry I haven't a card."  He saw him out and watched as he climbed the high stoop, leaving gaping footprints in the cushions of snow that covered the steps.  Of course he had known from the first that it was Stephen Arrowsmith. Lilligore had subpoenaed him at Wills's request. And Wills had selected that seat beside him with precisely this end in view.  "Hate umbrellas. Haven't carried one in years " he quoted with a smile, as the taxi sped eastward, seeking Fifth Avenue, beyond the curtain of feather- like flakes. "That's the key that will open poor Lee's prison door for him"  CHAPTER XII  On leaving the stand, after his testi- mony in the second trial, Wills slipped out of the courtroom through the side- door. His work was finished. He wished he might stay for Lilligore's summing-up. It would be quite differ- ent, he knew, from that barren oratori- cal effort which came at the end of the former trial. This time it was he who had everything and the District Attor- ney nothing. Never had there been a more complete turning of the tables. That double "plant" of the letter-car- rier and the window-cleaner was some- thing to be proud of, and the young lawyer smiled with pleasure, for it was he who had suggested it and arranged it. Lilligore had only to make vivid the application, which the jury must al- ready see for themselves.