114 AUNT IDA    been kept out of sight so long. She knew how Andrew hated the mention of her name. Still, even at that, An- drew hadn't told her she couldn't go there, but only that he didn't want to see or hear of her.  "Well, what if I did?" she said, pout- ing.  "What if you did? My God!" he burst out, running his hands through his hair. "What if you did?--my wife --my wife--I should have known when I married you--gave you my name-- a girl raised and born in the city-- still, I trusted you, married you--"  "Andrew, have you gone crazy? I can go to see Aunt--Aunt Ida, if I want to, without you acting like this, can't I?"  "Aunt Ida," Andrew gave a strange, theatrical laugh. "Aunt Ida, that's good! To think of you trying to put a thing like that over on me. Aunt Ida --sounds like one of those stories you read about--wife tells her husband she's been visiting her aunt--later on, trusting husband finds out aunt's been dead two years. Yes, I know. You can't get away with that -- not with me."  "Andrew, you're not in earnest. You don't think--why--I did go to see Aunt Ida, really."  "Aunt Ida lives at the Clifton, I pre- sume?" There was a sneer in the words.  "Why, of course. If you'd let me talk about her, you'd know that. Been there for six months, ever since Joe went to Denver--"  Andrew was in no mood for listening. He understood--now. The scales had been torn from his eyes. Hadn't he suspected, from the first? Only today, at noon, he had told himself that Ethyl had been born in New York, that she must be bad. It was when he had passed his former "rooms" in Madison avenue and had seen the little swing "For Rent" sign that the thought had come to him. "Another fool gone into matrimony," he had mused, but the memory of the little "For Rent" sign had remained. He had     given up peace, freedom--for mar- riage. Such a marriage! Yet--hadn't he married a city woman? Well--now he knew the worst--this was the way out--and now Andrew knew that it was the way out he had been looking for all along.  Suddenly, Andrew's marriage be- came no longer a sea of mediocrity, of commonplaces, of annoying, middle- class relatives. It became metamor- phosed into his worst suspicions. If marriage had been middle class, regu- lar, that would have been all right, de- cent, respectable. But this--no, he had been fooled, tricked, all along. He had been the victim of a gigantic plot. He had been deceived into believing Ethyl a sweet innocent. She was what he had thought her from the first, a siren, a city girl, a daceiver. He was justified.  He picked up his hat from the table, walked toward the door.  "You--you city girl," he said, "you've found your match at last. You could fool me for a while, but evil comes out. I've been watching you, waiting. Tonight I was near the Clif- ton and I remembered what I'd heard of its shady reputation, although you denied it at the time. I passed on the other side--and from the door came my wife--and her old friend, Jack Wil- son--oh, I knew him all right, I'd had him pointed out to me when we were living there. My wife--another man-- a shady hotel. They were laughing in- to each other's faces. And you try to put over that old stall--visiting Aunt Ida! I warned you what would happen if I ever doubted you. Some men would get violent. I'm not that sort. I'd leave a woman, that's all. I've been pa- tient, hopeful, trusting, but there is one thing that is absolutely sure--you can't change human nature--environ- ment and training always come out in the end."  Glowing with pleasant righteousness --a man with a deceiving siren wife, whom he had left, in a dignified man- ner, after just cause--Andrew went out.  As he closed the door after him,