WHAT IS ISN'T 17    was warm, and I could not believe him dead. I ran in haste to the front office, crying, as I did so: "Mr. Holland's un- conscious! He must have a doctor at once." In all my experience I had never before been called upon to get a physician in that part of the city, and I was at a loss what to do. Kate Gil- lender, our telephone operator, came to the rescue. She put in an emergency call for an ambulance.  " 'Returning to Mr. Holland's office, I found the three students there, and the whole outer-office force, I think, followed me. Frank Hippe said to me: "He's dead." He had unbuttoned his waistcoat and put his ear to his chest, and there was no observable heart- beat. Together, he and Andrew Force, the mail clerk, and I carried the body from the chair to the leather couch on the other side of the room. In spite of Hippe's assertion we did everything we could think of to restore consciousness, but, of course, without any effect. While we were working, Mr. Arrow- smith returned. He was greatly shocked and seemed very much moved. It was twenty minutes before the ambu- lance surgeon arrived. He made a cursory examination of the body, as it lay on the couch, and pronounced it a case of death from apoplexy. Mr. Arrowsmith told me he would call up Mr. Robert Holland and have him break the news to Mrs. Holland. And he did so. At the same time, on our second wire, the ambulance surgeon re- ported the case to the coroner.  " 'The coroner's physician, Dr. Win- ters, reached the office at about one- thrity. I was present when he ex- amined the body. It was a much more thorough examination than that of Dr. Michelson, the ambulance surgeon. He discovered a small puncture in the neck just at the base of the skull, made, evi- dently, by a sharp skewer-like piece of steel. There had been very little bleed- ing. The hair there was slightly matted and a small blood-stain was on the col- lar. Subsequently, he made a search of the private office and found, under Mr. Holland's desk, an old-fashioned wire     bill or note-file, consisting of a sharp, upright of sharpened steel, set in a square iron base. The upright was blood-stained. He questioned me close- ly and I gave him all the facts em- bodied in this affidavit. It was not un- til after three o'clock that I learned of the arrest of Mr. Lee Calvert.' "  Mr. Dallas lowered the sheaf of typed sheets and looked at Owen Wills, who was making a pencilled note on the back of an envelope.  "Shall I read the others?" he asked.  "Is that the end of Manning's?" Wills enquired in turn.  "It is," the junior member answered, nodding.  "In the others is there any identifica- tion of the old-fashioned file?"  "No. No one in this office had ever seen it before."  "I understand. Thank you. The others merely confirm Manning?"  "Just that. I'll read them if you like."  "Oh, no. I shan't trouble you. You're very good. But I should like to see Mr. Holland's office, if I may."  "You certainly may."  Mr. Dallas returned the affidavits to his drawer, and, rising, held open his door and motioned to Wills to precede him.  At the next door--it bore upon its ground-glass panel the lettering: "Mr. Delray"--the visitor paused.  "This room is still locked, I as- sume?"  "Still locked."  Wills saw the key protruding from its escutcheon.  The Hammond office was also locked and Mr. Dallas, stepping to the baize- covered door, pushed it ajar and called: "Mr. Manning! If you please."  The young man who appeared Wills scrutinized closely. He had noticed him in the outer office, on entering, but he now held an augmented interest. He was probably about twenty-six years of age, of medium height, with brown hair inclined to curl, and clean- shaven. His eyes, Wills noted, were hazel, and they struck him as shrewd,   S. S.--Dec. 2