WHAT IS ISN'T 23    "They were on friendly terms then?"  "I think so. I never heard other- wise."  Wills returned the red-leather book to his waistcoat pocket.  "But if you're no longer Lee's coun- sel, why this effort at investigation?" Bianca asked, perplexed.  "Because I'm interested," was his swer. "I'm still his friend, you know. He didn't commit the crime. We both know that. Yet someone did. If we can discover who, then Lee will go free. Sometimes that's the shortest cut. Wouldn't you like to help me find on?"  "I'd do anything possible," she con- sented, a quickened interest in her ex- pression. More, indeed, than in her words. "But it seems such a hopeless task. No one in the office would have done it. I'm sure they wouldn't. Not any more than Lee."  "I'm not so sure. Still, you may be right. But if it was anyone other than a person in the list of five I read to you, then we have a certainty to begin on. And that is that Manning has lied. And--" He paused suddenly. "But that's absurd. Manning is corroborated by the other four--by every one of men. Barely five minutes elapsed be- tween Lee's leaving and Manning's dis- covery. Someone in the office must have done it. Arrowsmith didn't come in until later, they say. That leaves felly four to choose from: Manning and the three law students. And if one of the students did it, then the other two, who were in the library, are accesso- ries."  "And what can I do even in that case?"  Owen Wills bent nearer to her.  "Possibly nothing. But possibly, still, a great deal. You can go care- fully through your husband's corre- spondence. I mean his private letters, There's a mass of them, I suppose. It won't be a light task. But you may un- earth bad blood. You may discover an animus. You may be the means of saving Lee Calvert from the electric     chair. For, I may tell you, now, that his case, otherwise, is a weak one."  CHAPTER VIII  Society from the first had refused to take the charge against Calvert seri- ously. Had he been like any one of two score or more men whose names were on its tongue-tip it would have said "not at all unlikely." But Lee Calvert! Never! He was not that sort. He was too level-headed, too abstemious, and not in the least emo- tional. Why, this affair of his with Bianca Holland was a point in his favor.  Not for a very long time had society had such a surprising morsel as that. Even the most unconscionable gossip- mongers had never had an inkling. And, now that it was out, only a small minority dared say that it had gone be- yond the restrained stage. Men of such circumspection were not the men who, with malice prepense, would walk boldly into the office of an acquaint- ance and with gloved-hand hammer a crude needle-like thing of steel between his skull and vertebrae. And with a dozen or more office employes within a few yards of the scene! The whole edifice it seemed must fall of its own weight. The district attorney must be a fool, or else gone suddenly mad.  Society, however, is but a small sec- tor of the circle which is called the body politic. And the body politic as a whole, being less well informed, was inclined generally to take the opposite view. It was not the district attorney who was the fool or madman; it was the prisoner. How many cases had there been of almost exact similarity? Cases proven, too, beyond all question in which the defendant's counsel pleaded "brain-storm" because there was noth- ing else to plead? That was how the great public, which fed the newspapers as well as being fed by them, regarded the case. And it was from this great public and not that small sector that, when in February the case came to trial, the jury was drawn.