6 WHAT IS ISN'T   When she was gone and he held a cap in his hand he said:  "Why did you say we'd be safe from interruption here, if there was a possi- bility of him returning at any moment or of tea being brought in?"  "Because the possibilities were most remote. Ordinarily he's rarely home before seven. Even then he doesn't come here. Tonight we are dining at his brother's. He'll be in earlier, but I shall not expect him before six. When I heard that movement of the door, though, it occurred to me that he might possibly have come and asked for me, and that one of the maids had, unthinkingly, mentioned your name. A guilty conscience, you know. As for the tea, I had ordered that for five- thirty."  Calvert glanced at the bijou of a timepiece on Bianca's escritoire across the room. It indicated five-forty.  "Unless I wish to precipitate an apo- plectic seizure and so hasten our happi- ness I'd better be off pretty quickly then," he said.  "I think you'll be safe until six," she returned lightly.  "Suppose I refuse to go until you promise to release me from my agree- ment not to follow you to the other side."  "You mustn't ask that, dear."  "But I do ask it. That's why I'm here. My mind is made up. I won't wait three months. No, nor one month either. I can't endure the thought of it. I'm going to follow you by the next boat."  "You mean you'll break your word?"  "No. I mean you must release me."  "But I can't. Surely you won't make it so hard for me. I'd never have a moment's peace."  "But if I agree to be most careful? There's no reason why we shouldn't be able to see each other in London and Paris, or wherever you go, quite as se- cretly as here in New York."  For ten minutes they argued without reaching agreement. In the end, his eyes on the little clock, Calvert said: "Very well. You shall have until to-     morrow to think it over further."  "We go aboard tomorrow night, you know," Bianca told him. "And sail early Thursday morning."  "I understand that. But you'll lunch with me tomorrow."  "If nothing happens, yes."  "What can happen?"  "Anything. Aren't we on the knees of the gods?"  "Do you want to drive me quite dotty? If you're not at Giro's at one, I'll come here. If you're not here I'll be at the pier when you arrive, and I'll kiss you good-bye right under his nose. Yes, if it kills him."  "I know of nothing to keep me from being at Giro's at one."  "That's better," he said, smiling as he put down his cup. "And at Giro's you'll free me from my agreement. You must, darling."  "I can't do that, ever. Oh, Lee, you must see it my way! You must bear it bravely as I am bearing it."  "You won't change?"  "I won't change."  "Nor will I."  He seized her almost roughly in one long final embrace, kissed her again and again, and the next moment was running lightly down the broad, curv- ing staircase. Snatching up his hat and walking-stick from the hall-table, where, in thoughtless indiscretion, he had left them, he passed out through the door held open by the maid and turned towards Fifth Avenue.  Still deeply absorbed in his problem, his eyes on vacancy, he quite failed to observe the limousine which, at the mo- ment his feet touched the sidewalk. was already drawing in before the Holland residence.  Elliot Holland's faculties, however-- he being less singly engrossed--were more generally alert. He not only ob- served the emerging caller, he identified him.  CHAPTER II  Giro's, as any sophisticated New Yorker will tell you, is an Italian res-