THE DAWN 59    top of a separating hedge, she per- ceived that their neighbour's boy had come home on vacation from his first term at preparatory school. He was standing out on the lawn of the next house and she was astonished to ob- serve that he looked entirely like a man.  The change was so pronounced that she did not recognize him at first. Now he wore long trousers; his hair did not spring up wildly all over his head as it used to; it was combed back straight and clipped very short above his. col- lar. He gripped a little curved pipe between his teeth and now and then a gust of smoke swirled about his face and dissolved in sunshine.  This was an astonishing transforma- tion and Ruth stared earnestly across the hedge. A moment later he turned and saw her. They looked at each other for several seconds, without smil- ing, without any gesture of recogni- tion. He was the first to gain aplomb; he nodded his head and began to walk toward the hedge.  She did not move, but she felt her cheeks warm with swift blushes. She knew she would not be able to talk with him, for her tongue seemed incredibly dumb. She wanted to run away; how impossible that was!  When he was still some feet distant, he spoke.  "Hello, Ruth!" he exclaimed. "I'm awfully glad to see you!"  She answered him; her greeting was mechanical. She noticed now that his voice had changed also.  He came up to the green barrier, smiling.  "Just got back last night," he said. "Glad, too--although Lawrenceville is a very decent place. What've you been doing with yourself?"  "Nothing, Walter," she answered.  "Everything looks just the same around here," he went on. "Slow as ever. Nothing doing. No life. But I've had plenty of that this year, and I guess a little rest won't hurt me."  He laughed and the sound of his laughter implied fabulous experiences.     He returned his pipe to his mouth and puffed languidly for several seconds. He even appeared a little bored.  Gazing at his face, Ruth was in a torment. She wanted to say something, something that would interest him, something in keeping with his experi- ence. It came to her instantly that he must have met dozens of girls in the past year; how did they talk to him? But nothing save a stupidity passed her lips.  "Did you like it away from home?" she asked.  "Oh--pretty fair, pretty fair," he answered, speaking through half-closed teeth from which the stem of his pipe dangled with an almost personal non- chalance. "Better than sticking around here, of course."  He looked back across the lawn.  "There's the Old Man," he said. "Wants me to drive him into town this morning. Will you be home all day? This afternoon? We want to have a talk for old time's sake. If you're around when I get back, I'll come over ..."  He nodded easily and stepped briskly away. She watched him go, until, afraid "that he would turn back and see her, she dropped her eyes and walked slowly through the thick grass. For the first time she noticed how rapidly her heart was beating.  Then he was coming over to see her in the afternoon! She was afraid. She did not know how to talk to him. He had seen so much. How stupid he would find her!  III  She had nothing to say at lunch, be- cause of her inward excitement. She wanted to get up from the table; sup- pose he would come looking for her, while she was still indoors? Yet when she was free she remained indoors; she was frightened.  Running up to her room, she changed her frock. She had a full-size dress- ing-table of her own now--the one that Edith used to have. Sitting before