EXEUNT OMNES 143    net run clear through a Bavarian at least four feet in diameter. He imagined the clean bullet through the heart, the stately last gesture, the final words: "Therese! Sophie! Olympe! Marie! Suzette! Julie! . . . France!" Go to the book and see what he got. . . . Dr. Crile, whose experience of war has soured him against it, argues that the best way to abolish it would be to pro- hibit such romantic prints as "The Spirit of '76" and substitute therefor a series of actual photographs of dead and wounded men. The plan is plainly of merit. But it would be expensive. Imagine a war getting on its legs before the conversion of the populace had become complete. Think of the huge herds of spy-chasers, letter- openers, pacifist-hounds, burlesons and other such operators that it would take to track down and confiscate all those pictures! . . .  Even so, the vulgar horror of death would remain, for, as Ellen La Motte well says in her little book, "The Backwash of War," the finish of a civilian in a luxurious hospital, with trained nurses fluttering over him and his pastor whooping and heaving for him at the foot of his bed, is often quite as terrible as any form of exitus witnessed in war. It is, in fact, always an unpleasant business. Let the poets disguise it all they may and the theologians obscure the issue with promises of post-mortem felicity beyond the desserts of any human being you or I ever met, the plain truth remains that it gives one pause to reflect that, on some day not far away, one must yield supinely to aci- dosis, sink into the mental darkness of an idiot, and so suffer a withdrawal from these engaging scenes. " No. 8," says the nurse in faded pink, tripping down the corridor with a hooch of rye for the diabetic in No. 2, "has just passed out." "Which is No. 8?" asks the new nurse. "The one whose wife wore that awful hat this afternoon?" ... But all the authorities, it is pleasant to know, report that the final     scene is placid enough. Dr. Weber quotes many of them. The dying man doesn't struggle much and he isn't much afraid. As his alkalies give out he succumbs to a blest stupidity. His mind fogs. He throws off, as if it were a tattered garment, his old hot lust for life. His will power vanishes. He submits decently. He scarcely gives a damn.  III  A great many novels pile up, and some of them, e.g., those by James Branch Cabell, Louis Wilkinson, Joseph Hergesheimer, Marjorie Pat- terson and Rita Wellman, promise agreeable reading. But I am at the moment, suffering from a great overdose of novels, and so they must wait. Whether "The Story of a Lover" (Boni-Liveright) is a novel or an attempt at a statement of fact I can't make out. It is printed anony- mously and purports to be a record of the author's passionate devotion to his wife. The thing is done eloquently, in quick, vehement tempo, and it would be idle to deny the force of it as a mere piece of writing. Whoever did it has a fluent and often highly crafty pen; it is excellent stuff. But I confess to a vast impatience with the tone of it, the doctrine, the point of view. For a man beyond forty to be daffy with love seems quite as ab- surd to me as for an archbishop to die of cholera morbus. I simply cannot imagine a healthy male of such years mooning away his days over one of those "rich, dark blondes who seem to have absorbed the light and warmth of the sun." Do such blondes actually exist? I presume to doubt it. A blonde is often brilliant, but she sel- dom radiates anything properly de- scribable as warmth. On the contrary she throws off a sort of a chill; she is the eternal feminine become static; she suggests, not thermal ideas, but purely visual ideas. . . But every man to his own theory! At the time the present author describes the blonde of his adoration they have