10 WHAT IS ISN'T    but one inference. Holland was dead. His wish had come true. But he ex- perienced no delight. The shock of it numbed him. The scene in which he was taking part seemed like a dream, in which Bianca's white face and tear- less, piteous eyes dominated every- thing.  "I have a taxi waiting," he heard Robert Holland say.  He saw the white face rise. It ap- peared to him to float upward. He took a step. Her wrap! But already it was in Holland's hands. He was holding it for her.  "If there's anything I can--" he be- gan.  But no one paid him the slightest at- tention.  The two figures moved away, si- lently.  The curtains swayed, were swept aside, fell back into their places. He was alone beside the table in the alcove.  CHAPTER III  It occurred to Lee Calvert, later, as the taxicab in which he was being driven to his club whirled recklessly through Columbus Circle, that Robert Holland, after that first look from the archway, had not once turned his face to him. And he smiled to himself, with a partially recovered and momen- tarily quickening complacency, at his presumptuous egotism in imagining that he would.  It was not unlikely that his brother had taken him into his confidence. But, even if this were not so, the bare fact of his sister-in-law lunching tete-a- tete in an obscure restaurant with a man much his brother's junior would have been sufficient, and especially at such a time, to provoke his antagonism.  He was willing, in view of the cir- cumstances, to make for Bianca every possible allowance. It was but natural that, crushed to a stupor by the sudden- ness of the tidings, she should have been so obsessed by them as to lose perception of everything else. Even he, himself, had been nearly knocked     out by it. Nevertheless, as he now calmly reviewed the episode, he could not wholly assuage the hurt of her to- tal inobservance. There was no get- ting away from the fact that she had forgotten him entirely and left him without either a glance or a word.  But not until later, at the club, with the earlier editions of the evening pa- pers about him, did the possibility occur to him that it might, after all, have been other than mere forgetting. That it might, indeed, have been in recollec- tion and horror of those idly spoken words at the table about wishing a little cerebral vein would break, and then: "If hating would kill . . . he'd be dead this minute."  "Suppose," he thought, "she should believe that! That hating can kill! And that my hating killed him!"  No two of the newspaper stories were quite the same. Still, they all agreed pretty well as to the time, and it was very evident to Calvert that the apoplectic stroke--they were unani- mous on apoplexy as the cause--must have almost immediately followed his call.  He remembered looking at his watch as he came down in the elevator, and that it was ten minutes or so after twelve. He had been anxious then about his appointment at Giro's, for he had still another call to make, and there was no telling, with the crowded traffic conditions, how long it would take him to get uptown by taxi.  And the papers had it that Manning, the managing clerk, found Elliot Hol- land apparently lifeless upon entering his office at quarter-past twelve.  The more Calvert thought about this small margin the less he liked it. For- tunately none of the accounts men- tioned his name. But he had told Bi- anca, and women were, in a way, such undependable creatures. They were given, at times, to the weirdest sort of fancies which they denominated intui- tions.  Here the very thing had happened that he most wished for--or thought he did--and it might prove disastrous.