THE OCTOGENARIAN 123    his voice startled her and she let a dish slide off to the floor where it splintered with a musical tinkle. Her face became a little pale and then he saw her try to smile. He was grateful to her for this demeanor. In no way did she accuse him of treacherous per- versity.  But his complete recovery was more tedious than its beginning had led him to expect. In a few days he was able to sit up, but to walk about was still entirely impossible. He resumed his place near the window, from which he could look out at the street, watching the young as they hurried along the pavements. He had almost lost any kinship with them; even with their common humanity; more than ever he felt himself to be one of another world. Mabel still brought his food up, and now her face wore a martyred look that troubled him. He always felt easier when Jim came home in the eve- nng.  Each night Jim sat with him for an hour or so, smoking his after-dinner cigar. They exchanged very few words, but he felt a certain comradery with Jim; the nearness of his boy gave him less a sense of utter isolation. He hastily comprehended that there were possibilities of sympathy with Jim. If the effort had been worth while, he be- lieved he could have understood some of the terms of Jim's life, and have en- tered, vicariously, into its accompany- ing emotions. He went no further than this; the vague assurance was enough.  But when he was able to walk about the house again, his days acquired more anxiety. He was not yet allowed to go out alone--and it was very difficult to keep all the necessary rules. His mem- ory was bad; he left his pipe lying about; he forgot to change to his clean clothes at dinner time; he ate with too much noise; he disarranged the pages of the newspaper, so that Mabel, after luncheon, had difficulty in reading it; sometimes he forgot to come down to eat after he was called to his meals. The martyred looks passed into words,     and Mabel's tongue became harsh again.  III  It was difficult for him to take up the old life once more, that is, with an en- tire and forgetful resignation. His age had given him the habit of unques- tioning acceptance--yet this time he had been so certain of an end!  Sitting near his window, looking out at the street, he thought of the calm hours of only a few weeks past, when the uncertainty of his future had seem- ingly departed, when, for the first time, life, his opponent, appeared to throw down its plainly read cards upon the table. Often he sighed in regret.  But when another week had gone by a pleasant little excitement served to temper his melancholy. In a few days he would be allowed the freedom to go out alone once more, sit in the park, be warmed by the sun. It surprised him how delightful was this prospect. He regarded it as a prisoner might the opening of barred, impassable doors. Mabel lost some of her importance and the effect of her attacks grew negligible.  The day came; in the afternoon he took his stick as before and opening the front door, went out. He trembled a little as he walked down the steps. The sun embraced him like a welcoming mistress. One of the neighbors spoke to him and smiled; he returned the greeting with a benignant nod.  Ahead of him were the streets and in a curious, indefinite manner they seemed the ways of romantic potential- ities. He almost felt young, freshly alive. At the same time, he was calm, troubled with none of the anxieties of youth.  He thought of his age and derived a new satisfaction from the knowledge of his many years.  "I am more than eighty now," he thought. "It is remarkable that I can still walk about and enjoy this life."  Once again he faced the problem of the street crossings, tremulously, as al- ways, but not exactly with fear. The hazard of the attempt excited him. He