The Years Ahead  By Muna Lee    ALONG time ago Emily Scott had ceased to expect happiness through herself; it was for that reason perhaps that she dreamed con- fidently of an abundance of joy through her children; especially through Mar- jorie. The girl, touched with the won- der of youth, was amazingly unlike her mother in appearance; only the mother herself realized how like they were in reality and only the mother remem- bered how, through the difficult un- lovely years of Marjorie's sickly baby- hood she had comforted herself with the thought,  "She will repay me for all this some- time--when she is my big girl--"  The years while Marjorie was grow- ing up had been scarcely less difficult. Life was hard at every point in that rough country to which they had pur- sued an elusive promise of fortune or an elusive longing for change, for more vivid life--Olin Scott himself hardly knew which--and Emily was too busy trying to soften the rigours of circum- stance for her children to question much or to philosophize at all.  Marjorie did not make the struggle easier, as a little girl. She was not one of the round, merry, kissable children who are playful and comforting as a puppy. She was not even a pleasant child; shy, intensely reserved, apt to give way to passions of anger, distrust- ful of other children and distrusted by them, hers was hardly a happy child- hood. She found her one delight in reading, in reading as savagely and as ill-consideredly as a starving man eats; devouring whatever book came to her hand, then snatching at another.  Sometimes Emily was glad that her     child could plunge herself into other worlds than this of sticky clay streets and cramped wooden houses and never quite enough food at any meal; some- times it troubled her; and it troubled her deeply one day to find Marjorie poring over a huge mail-order cata- logue, pencil in hand.  "These are the things I'll get when I grow up," she explained in answer to her mother's questioning look. "We'll have curtains for the windows then and plenty of cups-- I love cata- logues!"  "Don't let them make you unhappy," Emily cautioned gravely; and after- wards, picking up the order blank scrawled over in the angular childish hand, she read with blurred eyes the list marked "For Mother": gloves, a bath-robe, a blue velvet suit, a garnet brooch.  The hard years did not seem to harm Marjorie so much as her mother had feared: growing older, she lost much of her painful shyness and most of her distrust, and she even developed a sur- prising slender, dark-eyed attractive- ness. The cramped, uncomfortable house remained cramped and uncom- fortable: there was still nowhere to re- ceive callers except in one of the two bed-rooms; but on the occasions when Marjorie's turn came to entertain the Sunday-school class, Emily took down the bed, moved in a table from the kitchen, and spent the entire morning in toiling over cookies and blanc-mange. Her eyes began to fail by the time she was thirty-two from sitting up late at night to work on a dress that must be finished for a party, for a school ever- cise, for Easter--not always Marjorie's   99