A Jest in the Household  By Milnes Levick    IT was a house with an upstairs and a downstairs. A stout and pompous house upon which benignant age had laid the comfortable settledness of long use. It was large, firm, established, the very symbol of unsuspecting solidity.  There was a front stair; with balus- ters of black walnut carved in showy meaninglessness and a massive newel whose capital at a touch fell rakishly askew. Upon the steps an unvanquished Axminster still showed the grimed re- mains of once intricate colors about its bare brown-corded places. A beetling wall rose beside the flight, curving for- biddingly at the head. There was red- dened gold in the faded brown scroll of its papering.  At the foot hung a steel engraving remarkable for its size; in the curve above was a niche, solemn as a shrine, severe as a mausoleum. In this, dimly lighted by the red globe of the gas jet in the upper hall, was a statue, a terra- cotta figure, turned a trifle awry that repairs with chewing gum might not be seen; a statue of a wind-blown way- farer bending over his pipe. About the base was lettered "The Last Match." The stairs led to this and to the red globe; beyond was mystery.  There was also a back stairway; straight and steep and without carpet, this the household used by preference.  The intactness of the house was pre- served in the manner of an elaborate virtue. The weight of imperative duty lay upon the tasks of its routine, an im- minent devastation threatened the most      trivial lapse of custom, lending sanctity by an implied analogy with the ven- geance of Providence. Yet the devo- tion and the vigilance of its ways were flattery. Flattery of William. Of his domination, of his respectability; his material stableness, his ordained right- eousness, the superiority of his un- troubled progress through an incom- prehensible world. And it was unflag- ging, for to this in its diverse manifes- tations William turned daily, finding in it the attestation of an absolutism unabridged amid the five females.  Each night the door opened at his sedate and satisfied approach and closed decisively upon those phases of life in which the misguided at times drew the boon of his sorrowful reproof. Upon his arrival the household moved sidereally. They emerged from doors decorously, like the figures of a me- chanical thermometer: Carrie, Aunt Myrtle, Aunt May, Grandma, even Corinne, walking thus early in the paths of guile.  William would smooth his fat gray mustache before according Carrie the kiss of an impeccable affection and she would smile easefully. Though he sel- dom informed her, less often confided, she knew his outer life to the last detail. She gathered news from a tone, a word, a gesture, with the skill of years of marriage, and could tell by the shadow of an irritation what in the day had crossed William. And she would give the knowledge warningly to the others, her sister, his, Grandma, Corinne, and   126