44 TWILIGHT OF LOVE    --she was young enough to have other thoughts in her head.  "What were you trying to read to- day?" he asked.  She tapped the open book.  "Oh, some poems," she said, discon- solately. "Heine's. There's one here about a nightingale that someone told me was exceptionally good. I can't make it out."  Pomeroy reached for the book.  "Let me translate it for you," he said.  He took up the book and read the verses.  He paused, smiled at her, and deliv- ered the lines literally:  "Death is the cool night, Life is the sultry day. Now it grows dark; I am drowsy; the day has made me sad. Over my bed a tree looms up. Therein a young nightingale is singing: she sings only of love; I hear it even in dreams."  He lowered the book and she nodded at him with an expression of bitterness.  "Yes," she said, "you do it easily. I can never learn anything; sometimes it seems to me that I'm about the most useless person in the world!"  Her frank discontent interested him, stirred his curiosity. Moreover, it pleased him to talk with her, a young girl; this was more agreeable than the dullness of his club, or any of his books, of which he was mostly tired, or the stupid staring out of his window at home until he fell asleep. She was pal- pably a somewhat melancholy one, find- ing a lack in life and herself.  Regarding her more critically, he came to the opinion that she was not without charm; her face needed a cer- tain assurance and more the habit of smiles; a smile might easily give a glamour to her features. She was wait- ing for him to speak; he drew his chair a little nearer.  "You've been frank," he said. "Let us suppose we really know each other better--confidantes in a sense. It's pleasant to talk to you--somebody new, somebody that's young, that has all sorts of unknown possibilities ahead. I don't discover much to interest me any     more. You're young; you're at that excellent time when living is a sort of constant experience in unreality--so you understand? I mean, that your expectations are more intimate, in fact, more real than the things that actually happen."  She was resting her chin in her el- bow, looking intently into his face. At his concluding words she surprised him by exhaling a sharp, contemptuous sniff. He met her eyes a moment, ig- nored her exclamation, and continued.  "Imagine my position," he said. "I'm nearly fifty years old--a bad time of life when you've nothing that you're persuaded is important enough to do. In a few years I'll be an old man, I'm certainly long past being a young one-- just now you find me hanging in the air, so to speak, neither young nor entirely old, an extremely uncomfortable age!"  He laughed a little but her face re- mained grave.  Dropping her elbow, she began to speak, uttering her words in her some- what monotonous voice, a voice lacking cadences.  "It's all right for you to talk to me if you want to," she said, "but you cer- tainly won't find me interesting. I used to believe I could interest some- body--I never could. I wish I were twice as old as I am--I'd be your age. You talk about expecting things! I wish I could stop expecting!"  Her lips came together firmly, pressed out into a harsh line. He met her eyes; for an instant they regarded each other with a steady gaze.  "What is the matter?" he asked. "What's happened to you?"  She tapped her fingers impatiently on the edge of the table.  "Don't tell me about not being able to discover any interest," she said. "It's not that I can't imagine interesting things--you can't have what would in- terest you."  He began to question her and for a time she answered him with the same colour of bitterness in her sentences. But little by little a part of this mood seemed to pass; their talk became more