A JEST IN THE HOUSEHOLD 127    docility would permeate the house anew.  So, too, could Carrie divine the hid- den sources of his laughter. His smiles were even more reticent than his cen- sure. Their causes he guarded appre- hensively, in part in patriarchial vigi- lance, but more because he feared that here, in the household, a breath of workaday Rabelaisianism would cloud the glass through which the women viewed him. He looked upon them at times as beings defenseless and infe- rior, again as exalted, but always out- side the human latitude permitted to himself.  Only his wife emerged from these limitations of chivalric pretence, brought nearer to him by the unspoken significances of long companionship.  She was younger in spirit than he, and perhaps under this belief in his dignity he felt through her an authen- tication of mirth, a proof more real than any met outside the house. On occasion he permitted her a glimpse into the origins of his merriment. There was a feeling of security in the plump comfort of his house coat which, as she offered it, embraced Carrie in the sense of safety. In the implicitness of his trust in her comprehension and her reticence he felt no need to caution.  After all, what harm? he would ask himself, contemplating the jovial lib- erality of his expansiveness; Carrie was a woman of sense.  His proffers of temptation had the invariability of a ritual. He quaked amply in his chair, hoping to tantalize her into petition, and his mustache would set provokingly, like a seal. Car- rie paid no heed, till in time the titilla- tion of memory and the need of pass- ing a good jest along wrung chuckles from him. And then Carrie would ask, "What is so funny?" William would tell her, a trifle unctuously, as if explaining a technicality to a child, and while he guided his laughter into     the limit of propriety, Carrie would pretend to be put out, would look at him with the corners of her mouth re- pressed and say, "I don't think that's at all nice." And as she took herself off William subsided swaggeringly, less certain now, chastened beneath his jus- tifying expostulation, while in his in- nermost heart dwelt the grateful cer- tainty of her discretion.  There was a vitality in Carrie that imposed the need to share. The qual- ity of youth allied her more closely to his sister than to her own; as William drew from her a sense of validity, so she in turn found in Aunt May a nexus with youth, with the free realms of hope.  Life was not yet stagnant for May. To her enjoyment of these stories she brought a candor that renewed their relish for Carrie. She laughed frank- ly, with zest for the humanness of the anecdotes. Carrie could not have re- peated them to her own sister: Myrtle was too refined, she said, too unsophis- ticated, but in truth she feared the prim cold intensity of Myrtle, shrank from the thought of her laughter as from an unsheathed claw.  May's laughter came low but unfet- tered, like a girl's. Carrie, censorious- ness still in her gait, would go straight to May, giving the tale with William's very pauses and inflections, and her eyes would shine at the appreciation that brought light to May's eyes. May was careful not to let William hear her, yet her whole-hearted mirth lingered with Carrie, giving flavor to the eve- ning, a warm youngness in whose re- flection William himself had a share.  On such occasions some occult scent drew Myrtle to them. She loitered, chattering of neighborhood doings, of the church social, and all the while her curiosity lay like a reproach upon Aunt May. "Poor Myrtle; but she shouldn't be so priggish." The younger woman set her will, and felt it wave under the silent querulous insistence which only spite would deny. For beneath the pet- tiness of perseverance there was hun- ger, the pathos of desire for the world,