REPETITION GENERALE 71    sand of the population deserves to be counted. The rest are, to all intents and purposes, tone-deaf. They can not only sit through the infernal din made by the current jazz-bands; they actual- ly like it. This is precisely as if they preferred the works of The Duchess to those of Joseph Conrad, or the paint- ings of the men who make covers for popular novels to those of El Greco. Such persons inhabit the sewers of the bozart. No conceivable education could rid them of their native ignobility of soul. They are born unspeakable and incurable.  17  Recommendation to New York's Board of Aldermen.--Be it resolved at the name of Manhattan Island all henceforth be changed to Coheny Island.  18  On Duplex Love.--One of the strangest of the many common beliefs concerned with amour is that which maintains it an impossible thing for a man to be equally in love with two wo- men at one and the same time. Doubt- less originated by woman's own eter- nally assiduous Wilhelmstrasse and shrewdly disseminated for her own sly ends, the belief--for all its popularity with the ever sentimental, ballad-sing- ing male of the species--wears a sour motley. The majority of men are in love with one woman, and one woman only, simply because their acquaint- ceship with women is so meagre, so bounded and confined, that they have not had the opportunity nor the good fortune to meet coincidentally another wooman of equal charm and equal ap- peal. Since it is a matter of not in- frequent occurrence for a man to fall love with another woman after he has engaged himself to the one woman with whom he has believed himself singly in love, is it not perfectly reason- able to assume that had he initially met both women simultaneously he would have been taken with each of them equally?     The bachelor is a monument to wo- men's charm. Unlike the married man, he offers up constant proof of the charm of several women as opposed, in the bigoted instance of the former agnostic, to the charm of one. The heart of a bachelor is a mirror in which every love, peering, sees the image of a love equally beautiful and equally be- witching. The heart of a married man is a mirror upon which lack of adven- ture and laziness have breathed their obscuring fogs.  19  Le Contrat Social.--All government, in its essence, is a conspiracy against the superior man. If it is aristocratic, then it seeks to protect the man who is superior only in law against the man who is superior in fact; if it is demo- cratic, it seeks to protect the man who is inferior against both superiors.  The aim of all government is to regiment men, to make them as much alike as possible, to combat originality among them. All it can see in origi- nality is potential change, and hence an invasion of its prerogatives. The most dangerous man, to any government, is the sort of man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under i imperfect, and so he tries to change it. Nine times out of ten, of course, he is wrong. That is to say, the kind of government he thus unlawfully inclines to is probably just as bad as the kind he proposes to supplant.  This explains why revolution seldom accomplishes anything of genuine value. After a revolution, to be sure, the revolutionists always try to con- vince doubters that they have achieved great things, and usually they hang any man who denies it. But that doesn't prove their case. In Russia, for many years, millions of people thought that getting rid of the czar would make them happy, but now that they are rid of the czar they are just as badly