TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS 91    "The impudent whelp!" exclaimed Ruiz Valdivieso.  Perez laughed again. He took a swallow from the glass in front of him and looked about the room with an ap- praising and contented glance. He en- joyed his home, he enjoyed his posi- tion, and the momentary threat to his security was proving more of a mole- hill than any mountain. His geniality expanded.  "Well, and then," he went on, "He- eraclia's temper is no soft one, and she called an attendant and ordered your son removed. The boy showed signs of intending to fight the fellow then and there. So, of course, the police took him off. He's probably home by this time--you'll find him when you re- turn. While you were coming over I telephoned to Herrara and told him I had no complaint against the boy-- told him to let him out."  A few further words on this topic, and the two friends began to speak of other things; they progressed at last to their favourite theme, political in- trigue. Their commingled voices made a sonorous hum in the lofty room.  Perez sat at ease in his large chair, his impressive bulk accentuated by the expansive gestures of his big, jewelled hand.   The Secretary, lean, nervous, rest- less as a jaguar from the mountain for- t of the Avila, moved about his slen- est hands in a lithe accompaniment to der speech, jumped now and then out his chair and paced the room rapidly, resumed his seat with a feline swift- ness.  The two were illumined by the sub- dued aurine glow of a lighted dome suspended on brass chains above their heads. They looked picturesque, con- inspiratorial, two intriguing figures out of an antique time.  At last Ruiz Valdivieso arose to go. his friend stood up and accompanied him to the high folding doors of the room. A servant brought his hat and coat. He walked out into the corridor alone.     As he approached the vestibule, he saw a slender figure standing there like a morose shadow. He recognized Pe- rez's son, Cesar, a boy somewhere near the age of his own child. The young man was facing him, but seemed not to see him. Ruiz Valdivieso smiled at the shadow.  "Buenas noches," he said.  There was no answer. He walked down the steps to the garden in front, frowning a little, considerably sur- prised.  A half hour later, undressing for bed, he attached no significance to the incident. Perhaps the boy, in some abstraction, had not seen him pass.  II  But Cesar Perez had seen him very plainly, and heard him say good night with open ears. By his own volition he had not chosen to acknowledge the greeting of the Secretary's nod, nor his parting words. It did not matter to him that his father had determined to ignore the insult at the opera; he thought less of his father for that. If his parent, for purposes of policy, was not conscious of the honour of their name, he himself was now old enough --and young enough--to be acutely aware of it.  And young Julio Valdivieso had an- noyed him more than once in the past. Now he had committed an act of direct aggression.  Cesar's ardent and romantic imagi- nation conceived a score of requitals, all of which seemed trivial and inade- quate. He was doubtless awake in the house longer than anyone else that night. He lay sleeplessly in his bed, turning from side to side, like a young forest animal, watchful in the night, waiting in a hidden lair. When he finally went to sleep he had not yet de- termined on a satisfactory course of action.  He did not see his father in the morning. He breakfasted with Herac- lia, who related again, with indigna- tion, the incident of the preceding