80 LOST LOVE    and while the waiter was clearing away the splinters, she rested and sipped some water.  "Yes. He kneeled over beside me, and while we remained there in that po- sition, I seemed to feel, well--a sort of revelation. I seemed to see the glory of everything: love, children, the world and its people--I knew that I loved, and I knew that I could never go back again to the existence I had left, the life he had found me in. Those few seconds were beautiful. For the mo- ment I was a sort of God. And in that moment, while I was glorified, my hus- band was realizing the inadvisability of our having a child. He mentioned it to me, even.  "Anyway, I changed. I had always rouged and painted; now I scarcely powdered. I had always dressed lightly and so thinly that part of my reputa- tion was based on the fact tha the tops of my black silk stockings were vis- ible through my gowns; but now I wore what I thought was modest, and be- coming to a mother. I stopped drink- ing, and I stopped telling stories and saying things I wouldn't have wanted my future baby to hear. I didn't go out. All I did was sit by myself, or motor out into the country, or talk to Curtis.  "And Curtis was bored and didn't want to be with me any longer. Where- as he had craved my company every minute in the old days, now he was glad to be away. He didn't recognize in me his former companion.  "I suppose it was different. Be- fore, we had always greeted each other with long kisses and things like that when we met after being apart for a few hours. But now, I was so quiet, and--oh--the kisses were different.  "He gradually grew away from me. Little by little he took to spending his evenings in town.  "By the time my baby was born, he was running around with the gayest set in town, a lot of my old 'friends.' He was never sober enough for the idea that he had a family to sink into his head.     "You can see what it must have been for me. One evening he came in about three o'clock . . . then he said he would give me my divorce.  "It was just two weeks later, before the papers had been served, that he asked to talk to me. I was living in his country house, and I thought that it was only right and fair that I let him say what he wanted.  "He came in and I hardly recognized him. He had been in a sanitarium for two weeks.  "We talked. He was sorry, almost broken-hearted.  " 'Suzanne,' he said, 'it's all my fault, and now I realize it. We have a baby. It's born of two people, both of whom have played fast and loose, and one of whom is changed. The other wants to change in the same way. Will you let me? If you don't, there's only this same life left for me.'  " 'You want to change, Curtis?'  " 'Yes.'  " 'You think I could go on with you?'  " 'If any woman can, you can.'  " 'Yes, perhaps.'  " 'You are big enough.'  "'Curtis, can you change? Can you be a father and a husband now? I realize that you married one kind of a woman and had another kind for a wife.'  "He said that he thought he could; but he couldn't, and so he gave me a divorce.  " 'You still love him?' I said.  "'Yes, I do.'  "'Such is the way of women.'"  Suzanne smiled absently.  It suddenly struck me that there was rouge on her cheeks and lips, and blue over her eyes. I also noticed--I couldn't help it--that her dress was cut low, far too low for the daytime. wondered whether she realized how low it was. She must have read my thoughts, for she remarked:  "I'm back again."  "What do you mean: on the stage?"  She nodded.