92 TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS    night. Her brother said nothing; he ate in silence, staring at his plate with a savage animosity.  The girl, rather careless of his atten- tion, sensing nothing of his inner thought, expanded upon her theme an- grily, for the mere pleasure of vehe- ment speech. At last she began to talk of something else and presently Cesar arose and left the room without a word.  He had learned now that through some error young Julio Valdidieso had not been set at liberty the night before; he was to leave the jail that morning. So much the better for his own pur- poses; it would be easier to approach him.  He put on his hat and went out very quietly.  He had an idea it was not yet too late to intercept Julio. He hurried to the Plaza Bolivar, half running along the street, his soft hat pulled down over his eyes in the manner of a French Apache. He did not slacken his pace until he was in the square itself and then, crossing over to the cafe, he stood under the gaudy sign that read Cerve- ceria, lounging and waiting.  On one corner was the old cathedral; he had no eyes for that. He looked in another direction, toward the sinister pile of stones that marked the jail, keeping his gaze on the door.  Two soldiers walked languidly up and down in front of the building, passing and repassing each other. The sunlight laid a gold calm over the square. A faint smell of incense, sug- gesting the lure of pagan rites, drifted out of the open door of the cathedral and was lost in the immensity of the warm morning air.  And then Cesar saw young Valdivie- so in front of the jail. He must have come around from the side; he ap- peared there quite suddenly, like a hated apparition.  Cesar's romantic pride sent a quick rage like a hot current through all the intricacies of his veins, into the very tips of his slim fingers. He saw Julio walk past the two guards with an erect     and contemptuous carriage; he saw him turn the corner and disappear. Then he ran directly across the square swiftly, turned the corner himself, and directly in front was the slender back of his antagonist.  he made no cry of warning, but leaped upon him like a springing cat. Julio, unexpectant, collapsed immedi- ately, and the two went down to the ground with a thud. Cesar had buried his hands in the hair of his enemy, and endeavouring to deliver upward kicks with his bent legs, he meanwhile pulled ferociously at the thick, wiry strands.  The pain was very great, and tears rushed out of young Valdivieso's eyes, blinding him. He was lying flat on his face, unable to free his hands. A sav- age body squirmed on top of him, thrusting a pair of cruelly sharp knees in his back. He had no idea who had attacked him. He was astonished and more than that, the obscurity of the onslaught sincerely frightened him and he now began to fill the air with screams for help.  Windows were raised; women's faces appeared; men came running out of the buildings. The two soldiers left their stations in front of the jail and hurried around the corner.  Cesar felt himself seized from be- hind and in a moment he was pulled from the prostrate form beneath him.  But the tenacity of his hold upon Julio's hair was such that a liberal amount was forcefully detached and came away in his hands like a trophy of the engagement. One of the guards held him by the arm. The other helped Julio to his feet. An eager crowd gath- ered and recognizing the boys, began to laugh.  Julio, staggering upon the enclosing arm of the soldier, was blinded a mo- ment more by the tears that rolled out of his eyes from pain, from rage, from fright. And then, a second before the two were led off toward the jail, he saw Cesar Perez. He understood everything; his mind was illuminated as by the sud- den appearance of a searching light.