142 EXEUNT OMNES    It would not be spitting into the eye of reason to argue that many a cre- mated Sunday-school superintendent, thus confronting the ultimate tribunal in the aspect of a man taken with the goods, has been put down as suffering from an uneasy conscience when what actually ailed him was simply surgical shock. The cosmic process is not only incurably idiotic; it is also indecently unjust.  But here I become medico-legal, and perhaps gruesome. What I had in mind when I began was this: that the human tendency to make death dra- matic and heroic has little excuse in the facts. No doubt you remember the scene in the last act of "Hedda Gabler," in which Dr. Brack comes in with the news of Lovborg's sui- cide. Hedda, a true romantic, instantly pictures Lovborg putting the pistol to his temple and dying instantly and magnificently. When Brack tells her that the shot was actu- ally through the breast she is disap- pointed, but soon begins to romanti- cise that. "The breast," she says, "is also a good place. . . There is something beautiful in this!" A bit later she recurs to the charming theme. "In the breast -- ah!" Then Brack tells her the plain truth -- in the original, thus: "Nej,-- det traf ham i underlivet!" . . . Edmund Gosse, in his first English translation of the play made the sentence: " No -- it struck him in the abdomen," In the last edition William Archer makes it "No -- in the bowels!" Abdomen is nearer to underlivet than bowels, but belly would probably render the meaning better than either. What Brack wants to convey to Hedda is the news that Lovborg's death was not romantic in the least -- that he went to a brothel, shot himself, not through the cerebrum or the heart, but through the duodenum or perhaps the jejunum, and is at the moment of report awaiting autopsy at the Chris- tiania Allgemeinekrankenhaus. The shock floors her, but it is a shock that all of us must learn to bear. Men     upon whom we lavish our veneration reduce it to an absurdity at the end by dying of chronic cystitis, or by choking upon marshmallows or dill pickles, or as the result of getting cut by dirty barbers. Women whom we place upon pedestals worthy of the holy saints come down at last with mastoid abscesses or die obscenely of hiccoughs. And we ourselves? Let us not have too much hope. The chances are that, if we go to war, eager to leap superbly at the cannon's mouth, we'll be finished on the way by an ingrowing toenail or by being run over by an army truck driven by a former Greek bus-boy and loaded with imitation Schweizer cheeses made in Oneida, N. Y. And that if we die in our own beds, it will be of the measles or the jim-jams.  The aforesaid Dr. Crile, in one of his smaller books, "A Mechanistic View of War and Peace," has a good deal to say about death in war, and in particular, about the disparity be- tween the glorious and inspiring pass- ing imagined by the young soldier and the messy finish that is normally in store for him. He shows two pic- tures of war, the one ideal and the other real. The former is the familiar print, "The Spirit of '76" with the three patriots springing grandly to the attack, one of them with a neat and romantic bandage around his head -- apparently, to judge by his liveliness, to cover a wound no worse than an average bee- sting. The latter picture is what the movie folks call a close-up of a French soldier who was struck just below the mouth by a German one- pounder shell -- a soldier suddenly converted into the hideous simulacrum of a cruller. What one notices espe- cially is the curious expression upon what remains of his face -- an ex- pression of the utmost surprise and indignation. No doubt he marched off to the front firmly convinced that, if he died at all, it would be at the climax of some heroic charge, up to his knees in blood and with his bayo-