Exeunt Omnes  By H. L. Mencken    I  ONE of the hardest jobs that faces an American magazine editor in this one-hundred-and-forty- fourth year of the Republic is that of keeping the poets from filling his magazine with lugubrious dithyrambs to, on and against somatic death. Of spiritual death, of course, not many of them ever sing. Most of them, in fact, deny its existence in plain terms; they are all sure of the immortality of the soul, and in particular they are absolutely sure of the immortality of their own souls, and of those of their best girls. The most they ever allow to the prevailing materialism of the herds that lie bogged in prose is such a benefit of the half doubt as one finds in Christina Rossetti's "When I Am Dead." But when it comes to somatic death, the plain, brutal death of coroner's inquests and vital statistics, their optimism vanishes, and, try as they may, they can't get around the harsh fact that on such and such a day, often appallingly near, each and every one of us will heave a last sigh, roll his eyes sadly, turn his face to the wall and then suddenly change from a proud and highly complex mammal, made in the image of God, into a mere inert aggregate of disintegrating col- loids, made in the image of a stale cabbage.  The inevitability of it seems to fas- cinate them. They write about it more than they write about anything else save love. Every day my desk is burdened wih their manuscripts -- poems in which the poet serves notice that, when his time comes, he will die bravely and even a bit insolently;      poems in which he warns his girl that he will wait for her in Heaven and keep his harp in tune; poems in which he asks her grandly to forget him, and, above all, to avoid torturing her- self by vain repining at his grave; poems in which he directs his heirs and assigns to bury him in some lonely, romantic spot, where the whip- poorwills sing; poems in which he hints that he will not rest easily if Philistines are permitted to begaud his last anchorage with couronnes des perles; poems in which he speaks jauntily of making a rendezvous with death, as if death were a wench; poems in which --  But there is no need to rehearse all of the varieties. If you read the strophes that are strung along the bottoms of magazine pages you are familiar with all of them; even in this great moral periodical, despite my own excessive watchfulness and Dr. Nathan's general theory that both death and poetry are nuisances, they have appeared multitudinously, no doubt to your disgust. As I say, it is almost impossible to keep the min- nesingers off the subject. When my negro flops the morning bale of poetry manuscripts upon my desk and I pull up my chair to have at them, I always make a bet with myself that, of the first dozen, at least seven will deal with death -- and it is so long since I lost that I don't remember it. Periodically I send out a circular to all the recognized poets of the land, begging them in the name of God to be less mortuary, but it never does any good. More, I doubt that it ever will -- or any other sort of appeal.   138