CRITICISM AT A GALLOP 137    arily self-contained, finding simple English insufficient for its enthusiasm, hooched up its account of the evening with enough exclamation points to stock all of Street and Smith's maga- zines for a year. The American, the Herald -- all ran around shouting and yelling as if the jail were burning. And why? Simply because, as I have ob- served, this Akins girl knows that for all the persuasive Dan Frohman-Dave Belasco-Columbia University whiffle to the contrary, plays are neither built nor rewritten, but written in the first place. She knows that a word rightly chosen may be more dramatic than a smashed wine glass and that a grace- ful phrase may be more affecting than the whole caboodle of stage brats who ever trooped down the stairs on Christmas eve in their nightgowns.  Miss Akins' "Declassee," while in no sense approaching to the sterling quality of her " Papa," is, if not a play of brilliant accomplishment, at least a play of brilliant intention. If her play itself lacks the quality of the antece- dent play, it is more or less certain that her original notes for this second play did not lack that quality. I learn that she wrote " Declassee " in two weeks' time. The lack of editing, the occasion- ally harsh theatricalism and the un- polished corners of the manuscript as it is currently revealed upon the Em- pire stage make this not entirely in- credible. But behind these defects one discerns many marks of the peculiar talent that made "Papa" the best thing of its fantastic kind in the modern theater. The story of an English- woman of title who goes to the social dogs and presently finds herself listen- ing in America to the proposal of a one-time newsboy, now a great million- aire, to make her his mistress, the play lifts when its author concerns herself     with writing and falls when she con- cerns herself with drama. Her writ- ing is consistently more dramatic than her drama. The former, reaching its height in two passages (Acts II and III) between the Englishwoman and the former newsboy, makes for excel- lent "theater." The latter, with its card cheating melodrama and its indig- nant confrontations, is the conventional de Croisset stuff.  Miss Akins must not permit herself to fall into the Edward Sheldon tech- nic with its superficial flashiness, its sedulous employment of easy fetches and its "literary" hocus-pocus. She is intrinsically too able an artist of the theater to have recourse to the presti- digitation of box-office rubber stamps. Any hack playmaker of Broadway can impress his auditors profoundly by dropping into his play a reference to Conrad, a few quotations from Shake- speare and an allusion to Velasquez and Sargent, and any hack can im- press the American doodles with non- chalant references to the Queen. Zoe Akins may better leave such hokums to her Rialto rivals. She has some- thing they have not, something they never can have. She has style; she has culture; she has a sophistication that, though she happened to be born in St. Louis, Missouri, was itself born somewhere across the seas. She is as un-American as caviar. She is not for the general, and she owes it to herself not to try to make herself so. Her "Declassee" is an interesting work; it is beyond the talents of ninety-nine out of one hundred Amer- ican theatrical writers; but it is Zoe Akins at her deliberate second best. The Willa Sibert Cather who wrote the story "Scandal" should have brusquely touched it up before it left Miss Akins' hands.