122 THE OCTOGENARIAN    ated. There was no solution that he could devise.  Hours seemed to have passed; he stirred in the chair and his legs, his arms, his back felt intensely weary. He stood up--the former giddiness re- turned. He clutched the bed until it passed and then, undressing slowly, lay down at last to fall into an uncon- sciousness that went from waking to sleeping in imperceptible stages.  But the next morning, when he opened his eyes, he discovered that something had happened to him in the night. He tried to sit up in bed, but his body would not obey the command of his will. He repeated his effort sev- eral times, with no success.  Then, for a time, he lay very quiet, wondering, puzzled. At last he endea- voured to call out; his lips moved un- evenly and only a strange, incompre- hensible sound passed between them.  Now he understood, in a way, what had happened. He made no further efforts to rise or speak. He waited pa- tiently, for Mabel to come in and find him.  The time passed very slowly, but she entered his room at last. She stared at him a moment, an irritable question shaping itself for utterance--and then, pausing, her eyes widened a little and a flush of alarm coloured her cheeks.  "What's the matter?" she asked.  He tried to answer; the curious, re- pulsive noise was the only result.  She hurried across the room and stood by the side of his bed.  "Are you in pain?" she asked.  With a supreme effort he slowly shook his head from side to side.  "I must go and get the doctor," she said. "Can you be alone a little while longer?"  Again, concentrating his will, he made the attempt of physical action; this time his head nodded faintly, up and down.  She stared a second longer, and then ran out of the room.  Another period of waiting passed, during which, time seemed suspended; he had no measure of it.     He closed his eyes and when he opened them, the doctor was leaning over him counting his pulse beats.  Presently the doctor and Mabel left the room together and he could hear them whispering in the hall. The doc- tor's step then receded down the stairs; Mabel returned; he closed his eyes and a benignant calm came over his spirits.  His mind was growing clearer now and it seemed to him that an immediate relief from all the vague discomforts if his later years was being vouchsafed in these moments. He no longer felt useless and helpless, nor experienced the urge and necessity of a difficult cunning, in order to avoid Mabel's dis- pleasure. These terms and conditions had passed; he believed he was at the end; his spirit was very calm, like a long-troubled sea, at a truce, in the end, with the winds.  Time, as before, was suspended. Sometimes Mabel was in the room, sometimes Jim; he was indifferent. They gave him food and he did his best to swallow it; their anxieties, their ef- forts, seemed very silly, but he did not want to trouble them. He was conscious of a number of dawns, a number of nightfalls, but most of the time he slept.  Then, one morning, opening his eyes, he was surprised to find the old sensa- tions in his fingers, his arms, his legs. As an experimental effort, he raised his hand, he moved the fingers about: the old response to his will had returned! It was astonishing and for a time, al- though repeating the evidence, he could scarcely bring himself to credit his eyes.  Then at last, with a sigh, he accept- ed the new fact: he was going to get well. His surprise went from him; one who had lived so long had come to know the sardonic waggeries of life.  For several hours, as Mabel went in and out, he hesitated in revealing the evidence of his progressing recovery. He knew it would disappoint her; as usual he strank from displeasing her. But at last, trying some whispered words in private, he spoke as she brought in a tray set with his luncheon;