24 WHAT IS ISN'T   A rumor had got into print and so gone abroad that the widow of the slain man--the sweetheart of the accused-- was to be called as a State's witness; and, because of this more than any- thing else, the courtroom became a magnet for all classes from the elite to the proletariat. It drew them from the very beginning. That they might miss nothing connected with her and the case in which she was involved they attended on the opening day in throngs, though all but the most inexperienced knew that she would not be present. Interestedly they sat through the long monotony of choosing the "good men and true" who were to pass judgment on the admitted evidence.  To one auditor in particular this se- lection of the jury was especially inter- esting. He occupied a seat at the right end of the second row, directly under the jury box, a dark, dapper, nervously- energetic-appearing young gentleman with hair as smoothly black and shining as patent-leather and a small black moustache like a rectangle of court- plaster between his straight, sensitive nose and his too red lips. He wore an inconspicuous but well-cut suit of heavy blue serge, quite dark, and sat with crossed legs on which rested his over- coat and soft hat. It was Owen Wills.  That which particularly interested him was the battle of the opposing at- torneys for and against two types of jurors. The State was evidently anxious to pick from the panel at least a majority of men who were elderly, married, middle- or lower-class, and re- ligiously-inclined to the verge of nar- rowness. Whereas Marvin Lilligore, in the interest of his client, was both desirous and determined to pack the box if possible with bachelors of means, preferably young, and, if not socially eminent, at least worldly wise. On very few of those questioned was it possible for their minds to meet, with the inevitable consequence that their permitted quota of peremptory chal- lenges was approaching exhaustion be- fore the requisite twelve were half chosen.     For two days the conflict raged with small advantage to either. On the third day, however, that which might have been foreseen from the first, hap- pened. For from the first the type pre- ferred by the defense had been in the minority. The panel had dwindled, neither side had a peremptory challenge left, and the court, impatient of the prolonged bickering, became suddenly arbitrary, and ruled out one challenge "to the favor" after another as rapidly as they were voiced. So that in the end the jury sworn was, presumably the District Attorney's, other things being equal, in the proportion of seven to five.  In the meantime, owing to crush of the curious, it had become necessary to limit the attendance to those fortunate enough to secure cards of admission. And by the third day, many of the "regulars" who came early had their "regular" seats.  Owen Wills, having chosen his in the beginning, retained it, and so did the middle-aged man who had been seated toward that end of the second row when Wills pushed past him to take the place beyond directly under the jury box.  He was a lean, wiry, sinewy creature of perhaps forty-five or -six; clean- shaven and partially bald. His hair, including that of his heavy eyebrows, was a light tawny brown, and his eyes a dim, watery blue-grey, the whites of which, like his skin, tinged with the yellow of old parchment. His clothes --they included a coat and trousers of brown worsted, with a soiled pin-stripe in it, and a waistcoat of thick-ribbed corduroy of a darker brown--were an index of the man. They indicated a sport, so to speak, rather gone to seed. His shoes were much worn--they were tan oxfords, evidently, though masked by shabby, soiled, dun-colored spats. And the tan overcoat, which he had thrown over the back of the bench be- fore sitting down, was threadbare at the edges. His hat was a brown Derby of about the same color as his hair.  Wills, in spite of his interest in the