Two Gentlemen of Caracas  By L. M. Hussey    I  IN the city of Caracas, at that time, the two most prominent and power- ful politicians, after the president of the Republic, were Ruiz Valdivieso and Jesus Maria Perez.  When the news spread through the city that for no apparent reason the son of Valdivieso had insulted both the daughter and wife of Perez in pub- lic, and that young Valdivieso had been taken off to jail, there was quite naturally an intense interest on the part of everybody, an eager expect- ancy. The curious part of the affair was that the two men were in no way political enemies, but held their posi- tions in the ministry through an amal- gamation of their separate influences, a confederacy.  Both had been in their day powerful caudillos and there were still plenty of Valdiviesistas and Perezistas who would have followed either of their leaders through any adventure. The news of the insult was carried about very rapidly; the fashionable cafes were at once the centers of voluble speculation.  Ruiz Valdivieso's son was in the hands of the police: what would Ruiz Valdivieso do?  As a matter of fact the father of the incarcerated boy was at that moment on his way to Perez's home, having previously talked with him over the telephone. The acquaintance with his son's escapade had come to him very quickly after its accomplishment. He was astonished--and immensely an- noyed. He dismissed his informant with more curtness than the fellow     really deserved and then stood alone in his study, pulling at his long moustache and occasionally biting his full lips.  No explanation occurred to him for the action of his boy. Moreover, what- ever provocation he might have had, the act, so far as his father's interests were concerned, was unjustifiable. Ruiz Valdivieso understood his posi- tion with complete clarity.  He was not the Secretario General through the love of the President, but because of that Excellency's fear. And alone the chief would not fear him-- would doubtless be strong enough to destroy him. He was powerful be- cause he was the one half of an ap- parently indissoluble confederacy, Pe- rez the other. He had no wish, above all things damnable, to break with Pe- rez.  He cursed his son liberally, walking up and down the large room with a dark frown on his dusky countenance. Finally he went to the telephone and called his friend's home. The Gober- nador himself answered.  "Hello," said the Secretary. "This is Ruiz. How are you, my friend? Of course you've heard all about his ex- travagant business?"  "Yes--what the devil is the matter with your son?"  Valdivieso snorted into the receiver.  "The good God only knows what happened to the boy!" he exclaimed. "A boy is a terrible trial! You may be sure I had nothing to do with it. I want to come over at once. I want to apologize."  Perez laughed.  "Well, I'm relieved," he said. "Come over anytime. There will be a lot of   89