LOST LOVE 79   that Curtis was giving me kept me to him. Mercenary, I know, but I was living on my own, and when I played a big game like this one I had to toss for high stakes.  "Well, that night Curtis came into town and we went on the same old kind of a wild party that we had been used to: I flirted with most, and drank with the rest. The only difference was that it was more exciting for the other men because I was married, and more bor- ing for me because I knew where the evening would end.  "Curtis was a new man, though. He was a much different person from the one I had picked up on that memorable day in the country. He was sophisti- cated now, and talked wines, women, and war as though he had been at such parties ever since his fingers were large enough to handle a wine glass. But he was still as light-headed as ever: one cocktail to him was worth three in any- one else.  "I didn't know that I cared for him the way I did until I saw one of the other women in the party talking to him in an undertone. She was murmuring about something which was evidently serious to her, though he laughed.  "I leaned over to him and pulled at his sleeve. You know a thing like that will clear my head in a second."  "'Curt,' I said.  "Go 'way.'  " 'Won't you listen?'  " 'Im busy. Can't you see I'm busy.'  "'Well, I'm your wife, and I want you to talk to me.'  " 'Run along, dearie; later.'  "So that evening we had our first row on the way home. I was all in the wrong, but in the morning he came and apologized. It was so like him--I mean like the boy I had known in the beginning--that I began to care even more. I was not only his wife, but he treated me at times like a sister.  "The next night we were to go on another party, this one larger than any we had both been on together. As usual, we had cocktails before leaving the apartment. I forgot to tell you,     didn't I, that we kept my place in town as well as his country house? That was one of his ideas. Well, this night I suddenly got afraid, and I didn't want to go. Curtis was getting to be too much for me.  " 'Let's not go this evening,' I said.  " 'What?'  " 'Let's not go.'  "'Why not, dearie?'  " 'I'm tired.'  "'Tired?'  " 'Yes. It isn't any wonder, either.'  " 'Of course we won't go, then.'  " 'Do you mind?'  " 'No. I don't mind. But it would have been good fun.'  "He was keenly disappointed, and I knew it; I knew, too, that I couldn't keep him away from that sort of thing long. He had started fast living and was making up for all the years he had missed. You can see my position, and it was a curious one for a bride, wasn't it? I was beginning to feel that I was living a nightmare. You see, the trou- ble was that I loved him.  "Well, I finally made up my mind and planned accordingly.  "One night, about two weeks after that, we went into the country again for Saturday and Sunday. I had bro- ken my contract with the manager of the company, and he had been nice about it. But I didn't expect Curtis to see the best side. He was standing at a cabinet examining a bottle when I spoke to him. Remember that this was less than a month after the night he proposed to me.  " 'Jack,' I said, 'I have given up my part.'  "'What do you mean?' He didn't move his eyes from the bottle.  " 'I mean I resigned--broke my con- tract.'  " 'Why?'  " 'Because I am going to have a _ baby.'  "'Crash! went the precious stuff all over a new red carpet, and my husband was on his knees beside me."  Suzanne had, by accident, as she was talking, knocked a glass off the table,