94 TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS    tween his thumb and finger and think- ing of the admirable requital he had taken for Julio's dishonorable aggres- sion.  And then there came to him a sar- donic inspiration. His dark eyes gleamed joyfully as the thought oc- curred to him; his face was illumined with a Rosicrucian grin; he jumped up from the chair in which he had been seated and hurried to his desk.  He searched for letter paper, and wrote these words without salutation, signature or comment;  "Here are your wires. I return them to you."  He placed the note, with the threads of hair, in an envelope, and mailed them to Julio Valdivieso.  The letter was duly delivered to Ju- lio. His rage, on reading the scornful words, on finding the uprooted hair, transported him into a frenzy of un- reasoning anger. He was malignantly insulted, he was flaunted, he was de- fied. He remembered all his ills, all his injuries at the hands of the Perez fam- ily-  He recalled a scene with the girl He- raclia, confided to no one, and the shameful rejection of his ardour came back into his mind like a poison, like the toxin of a malign disease. The re- straining influence of his father was no barrier adequate to the damming of his abounding animosity. He spent the day in bitter and torturing thoughts, in extravagant planning, and when even- ing approached he dressed carefully, with a sinister deliberation, and went out to find Cesar Perez.  He took his way down El Paraiso. that admirable avenue, on which at this time of day his enemy would most like- ly be discovered. It was still twilight, but the arcs of the city were now light- ed, adding the glamour of artificiality to the glow of a departing tropical sun.  Looking down the avenue he could still discern the luxuriant green mounds of the hills that rose up out of the val- ley like billows of verdure, melting at last into the sides of the city's two mountains. People were coming out of     their houses; the bands in the squares were beginning to play; many pedes- trians, in passing, recognized him and spoke to him. He acknowledged no greetings; he walked as in a sublima- tion of abstraction, his countenance dark and intent, his purpose astonish- ing in its direct simplicity.  He came to the southern end of the boulevard, into the region of popular cafes, and now his eyes moved about actively. He searched all the faces in the passing crowds.  He approached one of the larger cafes, La Espania, and here fortune served him. He was near the door, looking about, when he observed an automobile draw up close to the side- walk. His eye caught the heraldic shield of Perez embossed upon the pol- ished door of the car. Within the ve- hicle he saw the Gobernador, another man--and Cesar.  His face flushed violently, his fingers tensed into two fists, he seized his low- er lips between his bared teeth. Ob- serving that the trio were about to alight from the car, he drew back into the shadow of the canopy that hung over the entrance to La Espania. The two men got out of the car first; Cesar, who had been driving, followed them. They crossed the pavement toward the cafe.  Then Julio disclosed himself.  He emerged from the shadows like a cat from concealment and with low- ered head rushed at the young Perez. His arms were outstretched, his fingers were curved like clutching talons, his body was bent forward.  Cesar did not see him and would have been taken inevitably by a com- plete surprise had it not been for the quick intervention, of his father. But old Perez, with the long custom of wariness, with the habit of ceaseless alertness, never suggested by his obese exterior, saw the enraged boy the mo- ment he emerged from the shadows of the canopy. His huge arm was sud- denly interposed like an impenetrable barrier; the unseeing Julio collided with it like a futile wave; he staggered