CRITICISM AT A GALLOP 133    plays appear in the theater, a three- inch review is regarded as ample by the Times Square diderots; but let there once in a great while pop up a Shaw or a St. John Ervine or any other man who knows little or nothing of the accepted business of play-writ- ing but a great deal about writing and the excitement becomes intense.  The critic in "Fanny's First Play" who observed ironically, "If it's by a good author it's a good play and if it's by a bad author it's a bad play," spoke less ironically than he knew. In []n the worst play by a good writer there is a touch of something, however fleeting, that one rarely finds in even the best play by a bad writer. Tark- ington's "Up From Nowhere" is a very awful affair--a rube-cut straight from the rump--but even so there is in it a character and a line of dialogue or two the like of which the Shipmans and their "East is Wests" and the Davises and their "At Nine Forty-fives" never --even at their best--reveal. This lat- est Tarkington effort, "Clarence", is a triumph of writing over play-writ- ing. There is in it not a trace of the dictated stage dialogue of his jay jouncer mentioned above, of R. U. E's., L.I's and R. 2's and all the other stenciled platform baggage of the Broadway box-office Cagliostros, but instead the sort of writing done six hundred miles from Broadway, out in Indiana, on such things as "Penrod" and "Seventeen".  In essence, the play is of a Rev. Robert Spaulding out of "The Pri- vate Secretary" dressed in khaki and introduced to the household of a Clare Kummer. In execution, it is drolly phrased, shrewdly underwritten, fresh, mocking, witty. And it is admirably interpreted by a company in which the leading impressions are registered by the Messrs. Alfred Lunt and John Flood, Miss Elsie Mackay and young Helen Hayes.  In the piece named "Adam and Eva," by the Messrs. Bolton and Middleton, we have an essay at come- dy of the above Tarkington feather.     But though Middleton, at least, pretty well understands the mazurka of the King's tongue, the joint confection lacks quality. The obvious attempt here was to dovetail the suavity and politeness of Clare Kummer with the broader and more positively provo- cative situation-humour of Winchell Smith, but the result is largely a jerky vaudeville wherein the suavity and politeness of Miss Kummer are achieved in such spectacles as that of a gentleman, about to write a letter, shaking a foun- tain pen upon the drawing-room carpet and wherein the situation- humour of Smith is vainly sought in such venerable espiegleries of the two- a-day as that of the woman who, desiring to make a touch, by way of preface proceeds against the male with numerous elaborately disarming kisses. Add to these tactics such devices as a revamping of the old so- called nigger act wherein a perfectly healthy man is made suddenly to feel ill through another's frightening chron- icle of his various symptoms (with, incidentally, the ancient low-comedy hokum of big Latin words) and gar- nish further with such wheezes as "I think it's my nerves"- "you mean your nerve," and one gets the picture.  IV  Mr. Cosmo Hamilton's "Scandal," a dramatization of his serial story of the same title, is a mossback relish of the species favourite of the cheap sex magazines, the essay of which is the laborious titillation of the servant girl's sruditse by providing her piece- meal with, fables of constantly im- minent, but never quite realized, rape. Long since meat for the pant-slat, this sort of thing reached its apogee six or seven years ago with the publication of such masterpieces as Chambers' "Common Law," Elizabeth Robins' "My Little Sister" and Johnson's "Salamander," a trio of grand ones that gave the cuisine sororities many a jolly bounce. Belatedly, now, comes along Hamilton toting all the familiar