WHAT IS ISN'T 11    Now that Holland was gone he actu- wished him back. If he had only insisted on taking to him that letter credit! Filson, the chief clerk of department, had been reluctant to let him. There'd be a boy available in half an hour, he said. But--yes, he'd insisted. He wanted to see Holland be- fore he sailed. He had told Bianca he didn't expect to. But he did. He would have been disappointed if he had not. Knowing that he possessed the love of this man's wife, his craving was to face him, and silently to gloat over him. And in his heart he had said, watching the husband's discom- fiture:  "You may take her away from me in body, but in spirit we'll still be together, because we belong to one another."  He had come away triumphant, ex- ulting in the conviction that he held the upper hand, and that nothing could displace him. And here, but two hours later, Death was mocking him. Elliot Bolland, dead, was usurping his su- premacy.  He touched the bell on the table, and when a waiter responded he ordered a highball. The club lounge was near- ly deserted. In one corner three men --probably new members--whom he did not know, were in interested con- verse. Unconsciously, after lighting a fresh cigarette--he had been smoking incessantly--his gaze lingered upon them, it rested there when the waiter reappeared with his tray and the clink of glass broke in upon his abstraction.  But, when his drink had been mixed and was at his lips, a voice, high- pitched and pentrating, drew his atten- tion once more to that comer. A fourth man had joined the others, was stand- ing beside them, and it was he who was speaking.  "Yes. Everybody's talking of it downtown," Calvert heard. "Most sen- sational thing that's happened in years. It came out on the ticker first, you know, as apoplexy. All the papers had it that. But there seems no doubt now that the poor chap was murdered."  Calvert's glass slipped from his sud-     denly nerveless fingers, struck the rounded leather arm of his chair, and dropped to the floor. It didn't break-- the thickness of the rug saved it--but there was a tinkling reverberation, and the speaker looked around.  He saw Calvert bending to recover it. Then he went on:  "No doubt of it.. Stabbed, they say, with a hatpin or something like it. That's all that's definite. But there's no end of theories."  Having returned his empty glass to the silvered tray, Lee Calvert rose from his chair and stood a moment, attacked by a sensation of giddiness that was new to him. Objects were circling and there was an unwonted sense of ful- ness in his head. He rested a hand on the chair-back and so steadied him- self. The vertigo, or whatever it was, passed.  He told himself that he needed air. The lounge was hot and close. In the reception hall he turned to the coat- room window on his right and was waiting for his overcoat, hat and walk- ing-stick when he heard behind him the words:  "There's Mr. Calvert now, sir."  He wheeled sharply, facing a heavy- set, red-haired and moustached man in a dark grey coat and soft hat; and knew instantly his errand. It was prepos- terous, of course. Absurd and most aggravating. But it was equally un- avoidable. He was about to be ar- rested.  Superbly he pulled himself together. He even managed a smile of greet- ing.  "In just a moment," he said. "The boy's getting my things. Then I'll go with you."  To onlookers it must appear that the burly caller had come by appointment.  CHAPTER IV  Emerging in a measure from her daze in the taxicab, with Robert Hol- land, silent and sombre, beside her, there was one question which rose paramount in the mind of Bianca and