CRITICISM AT A GALLOP 135    heads on the part of Tarkington (as- sisted by that celebrated California In- dian, Harry Leon Wilson Who Ought To Be Ashamed Of Himself)--pass- ing over such art works, we come to Thompson Buchanan's "Civilian Clothes." An available satiric theme is here, after a good beginning, ren- dered negligible through superimpos- ing upon it the treatment of vaudeville farce. The notion of an aristocratic young woman who succumbs to a gaudy military uniform and, hostilities even- tually over, finds its occupant in his Kuppenheimers a vastly less engross- ing spectacle -- a notion which I seem in reverse English to have encoun- tered some fifteen or twenty years ago in a magazine story concern- ing an aristocratic young woman who succumbs on the romantic West- ern plains to a gaily bandanna'd and fringe-panted cowboy and, back in New York, finds him in evening clothes a vastly less graceful figure -- this notion is rich in possibilities of gentle irony. Of these possibilities Mr. Buchanan has unfortunately scratched only the surface, and has reduced the general maneuvering of the theme to the more or less patent gestures of Palace Theater Hibernicism. Two of his passages at satiric dialogue, con- cerned with snobbery, are as well written as certain passages in the best of his pieces, "The Cub," but in the main his derisory whack-stick fails to explode its torpedo. His second act, for example, is frank low farce which, while it furthers his plot, fails signally in furthering his theme.  VI  Mr. Scarborough's "Moonlight and Honeysuckle" is a gawky attempt at high comedy. In the attempt to achieve wit the author resorts to the college- paper expedient of paraphrasing old proverbs; in the attempt to achieve comedy to the triple repetition of epi- sode favourite of the dull German comedies of two decades ago; in the attempt to achieve philosophical view- point to the stock sentimentalities of     the Henry Arthur Jones ex-drama. The fable of a young girl who sum- mons up a fictitious digression from morality in order to get rid of certain of her less admired suitors, the play misses completely the mannerful light- ness essential to its proper pitch. The result is an amateurish quasi-comedy whose characters are so many weak distillations from Lothar Schmidt's "Only A Dream", whose sentiment is of the "far out there in Arizona-- just the skies--and you and I" species, and whose humour is founded largely upon wheezes on marriage. Miss Ruth Chatterton, save for an enunciation so painstakingly precise that the impression is constantly of a little girl reciting in school, does well a role not worth the doing.  The reviews of this play by certain of my friends of the daily press were not without their element of whimsi- cality. Led to believe from the title "Moonlight and Honeysuckle" that the play was of the Pollyanna sugar sonata variety and attending it with a heavy air, these reviewers were sur- prised to find it other than they thought. So great was their relief thereat that they promptly mistook this pleasurable surprise for a virtue in the play itself, and praised the play lavishly not for what it was but for what it was not.  VII  "Nightie Night", by the Mesdames Stanley and Mathews, is Avery Hop- wood farce,not written by Avery Hop- wood. What measure of amusement the exhibition vouchsafes is loaned the manuscript by Mr. Francis Byrne in the performance of the cen- tral male role. This Byrne, until recently, has been an actor of the straight roles in serious Broadway plays: the husband who returns unex- pectedly from Pottstown and dis- covers his wife nose to nose with Cas- sius Pinto, his faithless club fellow . . . the man of promise whose bril- liant career is ruined by his mad in- fatuation for La Belle Fifi, a danseuse