30 WHAT IS ISN'T   Bianca continued: "There is little more to tell. We had tea. I said that Elliot would be home soon, as we were dining out that evening. I promised to lunch with him the next day."  "You recall nothing else?"  "Nothing vital."  From the table by which he stood he took up some typewritten sheets, a transcript of the maid's testimony.  "Perhaps if I refresh your memory you will. Didn't you say--perhaps not in so many words, but at least give the impression--that you would never be entirely his until your husband was dead?"  "I said, until I was free."  "But you had your husband's death in mind. And your lover knew you had. Isn't that so?"  Bianca hesitated. She began to see now where he was leading her. "My husband had been warned of apoplexy. He was full-blooded, and--"  "Answer my question, please. Yes or no."  "I may have."  "Don't you know you had? Didn't you say that you were sure to be free before long?"  "I don't remember using those words."  "In other words, then. You both wanted the happiness that he stood in the way of. You had no grounds on which to divorce him and you would not give him grounds to divorce you. Death was the only way, wasn't it?"  "You are saying that, not I."  "I'm asking you. You must answer. And the answer is obvious. Was there any other possible way to free- dom?"  She knew that she was trapped, and despairing said:  "No. Of course not. Still I--"  "Then death was the only way."  "Yes."  "What was it your caller said about his conscience?"  "I don't recall."  "Well, then, what was it you said about yours?"  "I think I said to keep my conscience clear I'd rather he and my husband shouldn't meet."  "Exactly. And what did the man who is now here on trial say in re- ply?"  "I'm not certain what he said."  "Didn't he say that if he could in- duce a fatal stroke of apoplexy in your lord and master it wouldn't bother his conscience any?"  "I'm sure he didn't say that."  "But that was the meaning of what he said, wasn't it?"  "He may have said that his con-     science was less sensitive than mine."  "Words to that effect?"  "Yes."  "Can you interpret that in any way different from my interpretation?"  "I'm sure he didn't mean it as you put it."  "That is most charitable of you. The facts indicate that he meant even more than he said."  But on Marvin Lilligore's appeal this comment was stricken from the record. When the witness was turned over to him he declined to cross-examine; and the State asked that James Finnerty be called.  This final witness was, it promptly appeared, a detective connected with the District Attorney's office; a short, thick-set young Irishman with blue eyes and bristling chestnut hair.  When he had been sworn the Dis- trict Attorney produced from a pocket a small paper-wrapped parcel, and, tearing off the wrapping, passed to the witness the object thus revealed. Not until it was in the detective's hand did it become visible to the seeking eyes of the packed courtroom. When it did a flutter of quickened interest swept the room from end to end. It was a small iron and steel paper-file, the counter- part apparently of the one employed in the killing of Elliot Holland.  "Will you kindly examine that?" The witness turned it over a couple of times, regarding it from all sides. "Have you seen it before?"  "I have."  "How do you know?"