The Dawn  By John C. Cavendish    I  IT was during the ceremony of her sister's wedding that little Ruth had, for the first time, those curious de- sires.  The wedding had interested her, of course; it was the culmination of an enlivening courtship. For two years Ruth had enjoyed herself hugely. She was not quite thirteen when Howard first began to call at their home; it was she who had first caught them making love. Thereafter she planned and exe- cuted unnumbered charming ambus- cades.  For them the garden was never safe; neither was the house. She was as slim as a spear of grass, she could walk as softly as a cat. The smallest tree was adequate to her concealment. Stand- ing straight, pressed against the warm bark, she used to wait with gleeful patience. Presently their voices would be heard in the garden, their footsteps, their laughter.  On the occasions of her best luck, they would sit down very near, in the grass, close and intimate. Peeping around the tree, waiting for the opti- mum instant, she'd leap from her am- bush just at that second when their lips closed in a kiss. A shrill laugh, a taunt or two, a cat-call--and little Ruth would run bounding across the lawn like a mischievous goat.  Or else, a favourite thing was to wrap herself in the folds of the draw- ing-room curtains. How many a time they had missed her there, passed right by her, brushed against her taut, small body, to enter the room in seeming iso- lation.     On these occasions she liked to make ghost noises: small rappings, little clickings with her teeth, a far-away, ambiguous whistle. Suddenly, realiz- ing that they were observed, Edith would spring up from the sofa, rush to the curtains and shake her out of them.  "You little fiend!" she would cry.  Ruth always mocked her with her boisterous laughter.  Yet for several months before their marriage she had somehow felt quieter. She no longer- enjoyed plaguing the pair, although her interest in them was in no degree diminished. A vague ap- prehension of seriousness came into her mind; something in this love affair troubled her; it was the sort of feel- ing one might have during the slow gathering of a storm.  She found herself immensely inter- ested in the accumulating trousseau; she liked to finger the silken under- garments, the lacy camisoles, tie and untie pink and blue ribbons, stand near the bed gazing down upon pretty frocks spread out for friends. She herself consented to hemstitch half a dozen sheer handkerchiefs, with embroideries in the corners; the work gave her solemn, uncomprehended emotions.  Then it was decided that her own dress, to wear at the wedding, could have a really long skirt; that would make her a woman. She urged an- other point and it was granted. She could wear her hair up, any way she wanted to dress it. "And it will never be down again," she thought. "No more tails!"  The wedding was very quiet; they held it in their own home; some rela-   57