36 WHAT IS ISN'T    CHAPTER XI  Following the delivery of the ver- dict at the former trial, Owen Wills and the man who had sat at his left throughout the entire proceedings had left the Criminal Courts Building to- gether, crossed the street and entered a saloon on the corner. The afternoon was bitter cold. It had begun to snow. Wills wore a mink-lined coat with an otter collar. The lean, sinewy, middle- aged man shivered in his tan overcoat with the threadbare edges. In response to Wills's invitation he said: "Rye whiskey." And when the bottle was before him he poured out a full glass, and, with: "Here's to you," drank it, undiluted, at a single gulp.  Wills drank the highball of Scotch that was before him more leisurely. He was facing the wide bar-window, and noting the snow, which had suddenly thickened so that the court building op- posite was hidden by its white curtain, said:  "We should have brought our um- brellas this morning."  His companion paused in the act of lighting a cigarette and glanced oyer his shoulder.  "Oh, just a squall," he said. "I hate umbrellas. Haven't carried one in years."  "I'm rather like a cat," Wills re- joined. "Hate to get a drop on me. However, it may not last. This isn't a bad place to spend the time. Suppose we take that table over there. Have another rye?"  When they were seated the lean man, pouring his second drink, said: "Fore- gone conclusion, that verdict, eh?"  "Do you think so?"  "Sure. Nobody else to do it but he."  "Apparently not. But--have you heard of what's happened in those law offices since?"  "Not another murder?"  Wills smiled. "Well, hardly. Only thefts. Petty thefts. Two of them."  "What ice do they cut?"  "They're more mysterious than the murder. Calvert was there to kill Hol-     land. But no one was there to steal a document from the office safe or to take a volume from the desk in the room where the killing was done."  "How do you mean--no one there? There were clerks, stenographers, fel- lows reading law, weren't there?"  "Oh, yes. I suppose so. But no one with a motive. Persons like that don't steal just for fun, you know."  "Kleptomania."  "Nonsense. It would have to have been an acute case, and the odds against it are so great it's untenable."  The other finished his second drink.  "That's true enough," he said. "I know, in a way, or did, most of the people in those offices. Holland was a family connection of mine."  Wills appeared surprised.  "Really?" he queried. "Then your interest in the trial wasn't altogether impersonal."  "No. I was subpoenaed by the de- fense. Though I don't know what for. I didn't come in until after the deed was done. Never laid eyes on Calvert till I saw him in court. But I had to be there every day, and they didn't call me after all."  "A connection of Holland's, eh?" Wills said, his surprise still echoing. "Then, of course, you hadn't much sympathy with the accused."  "I had and I hadn't."  "How's that?"  "Elliot and I never got on. I hated him. But to kill a man because you want his wife--that's going a little too far."  "I should say it is. I always under- stood that Holland was a very fine character. Wasn't he?"  "He was a scoundrel." The speaker rapped on the table, and when the bar- tender looked at him he ordered a repe- tition of their refreshment.  Wills, passing him his cigarette case, said:  "A scoundrel! Why, you amaze me."  "Yes, a damned scoundrel. With all his money he persisted, for his own selfish personal interest, in keeping me