Twilight of Love  By L. M. Hussey    I  HE entered the Library as a part of his routine, a way to put behind him certain of the hours. This afternoon it was very quiet and he chose one of the long tables that was deserted, save for a young woman, frowning over a book, as if the typog- raphy were extraordinarily poor. He seated himself and fingered, without opening, two or three abandoned vol- umes on the table, meanwhile glancing about the room.  He recognized some of the habitues. A short, swarthy man, with black eyes set a little slantwise--probably a Hindu --was taking notes from a volume printed in some oriental tongue. Pome- roy had seen him a score of times; once he had looked idly over the fellow's shoulder at the book he seemed to be translating; it was printed in scroll-like characters, Sanscrit, no doubt.  A very old man in a corner was read- ing a romance. Another old man, who came there every day, read nothing at all, but, staring down at the floor, seemed to have achieved almost a nir- vana of emptiness.  Pomeroy sighed. It was depressing. He formulated a half wish that he had gone back to his rooms. However, he could have done nothing there but sleep.  Now he glanced sideways at the girl. He observed that her brow was still furrowed; her lips moved slowly like those of a child that can scarcely read; dropping his eyes to her book he saw that it was printed in German. Evi- dently she knew very little of the lan- guage. Her presence gave him a mild curiosity.     Now he scrutinized her more thor- oughly. Her features were not bad, but they had an indefinable touch of insufficiency; something was wanting to make them attractive. More definitely, she was too pale and her brown hair, luxuriant enough, he thought, needed a skilful touch here and there to bring out the charm of pleasant curves. In all, she gave him a vague impression of pathos--the pathetic air that arises from self-depreciation, disagreeable in a woman. Presently she turned a page; he observed her perplexed frown deep- en; he wondered why she was endeav- ouring to read a language obviously un- familiar  Whilst he still regarded her, speculat- ing in his mind's idleness, she suddenly dropped the book, gave it a little push away from her. and uttered a low ex- clamation of discontent Then, aware that someone was near, she looked up, met his eyes, and flushed a little.  He smiled  "Struck a snag?" he asked.  For a moment she hesitated, as if conventionally weighing the propriety of answering him Her eyes passed over his face in a swift appraisal; evi- dently the fact that he was not young reassured her.  "Of course I have," she replied. "When I went to school I studied some French and some German, but not enough to know anything about either. Just enough to tantalize me. Every now and then I get the idea that I'll do some hard work on one or the other of these languages--I al- ways fail!"  She frowned naively; her rather un- usual purpose amused him. Why did she trouble herself with such concerns?   43