HEAVENLY SOPHISTS 117    sheep for modesty. You should hold yourself in debt to me. Please put up that gun. It is a hideous thing for a man like you to be handling. Be grate- ful to me. Few women have been amused as I have amused Mrs. Prim- rose. Consider the result: she has re- fined her sense of humour."  "Refined!" Primrose shouted, "how high do you find yourself in the univer- sal scheme? I feel like killing you. I really don't know what I shall do. Some day you will be done away with as Professor Corbell was. You re- member him? He was an instructor in physiological chemistry but had more women in his classes than men. I im- agine the men couldn't stand him. Like you, he was promiscuous--"  "That is not true," said Rockett. "Professor Corbell was never promiscu- ous in his relations with women, but variable. He was a profound man and his knowledge of physiology may have endowed his activities with colour and grace. He was familiar with the work- ings of Nature. That's why women liked him.  "Your assumption is false and dis- gusting. You can't know what women think of men like Corbell. You could never get their views of such men."  "I don't want their views," said Rockett. "Mine are sufficiently con- fusing. And my back hurts. Please get up and talk this over sensibly. You shouldn't speak of such things as wom- en's views. That is a very foolish gen- eralization. Women are personal and independent in keeping with their na- tures, as are most men unlike you. The intelligent women I have known have been naturally and unconsciously expe- dient and have never offended my deli- cate tastes with disquisitions on human conduct. And here are you, sitting on my middle, poking me with a revolver which you dare not use and complain- ing of my generous regard for your wife. Your mind is rich with miscon- ceptions. Your complaints are vulgar. They betray your ignorance of the laws of attraction by which life is incessant- ly renewed. It's bad enough for us all     that most human creatures obfuscate those laws of attraction with their moral classifications, without having a fairly intelligent person like yourself to help mortify the good cause of knowl- edge."  "By 'laws of attraction' you refer to your misconduct with my wife?" Prim- rose inquired grimly.  "Admirable. You not only witness but confirm my opinion of you. But why use the term 'misconduct'?" And Rockett sighed happily.  "Weren't you kissing my wife when I came in?"  "You shouldn't have come then. You should have come home later or earlier. Such details as the timeliness of your appearances can cause serious social upheavals. You should be more con- siderate of your wife. But joking done with, I was bidding Mrs. Primrose good-bye."  "You have found some other wife?"  "Don't be hasty. I was bidding her good-bye because she enjoyed the tales I read from the mythologies so very much that when I tried to explain their sources she became indignant. She wanted her scandal without intellectual trimmings--the misdeeds, so to speak, minus the moralizing. Instead of ap- preciating my learned but interesting explanations of the development of the ancient religions and mythologies she insisted upon having more stories like the one of Dercetis, the Assyrian god- dess, who reproached herself for lead- ing astray a nice young man and threw herself into a lake after giving birth to Semiramis. When I think of it, it is I who should complain, not you. Here I go and devote my efforts toward the broadening of Mrs. Primrose's views of life and for my pains I get into trou- ble. Of course Mrs. Primrose was at- tentive and all that. But her sympa- thies were unintelligent; they didn't go very far. It seems to me that most women are characterized by their limi- tations rather than their--"  "Oh, dry up! You are a nincompoop when it comes to sociology," said Prim- rose, "and know nothing, as I told you