140 EXEUNT OMNES    Dr. Weber has sought to do is to bring together in one volume all that has been said or thought about death since the time of the first human records, not only by poets, priests and philosophers, but also by painters, en- gravers, soldiers, monarchs and the populace generally. The author, I take it, is primarily a numismatist, and he apparently began his work with a collection of inscriptions on coins and medals. But as it stands it covers a vastly wider area. One traces, in chapter after chapter, the ebb and flow of human ideas upon the subject, of the human attitude to the last and greatest mystery of them all -- the notion of it as a mere transi- tion to a higher plane of life, the notion of it as a benign panacea for all human suffering, the notion of it as an incentive to this or that way of living, the notion of it as an impene- trable enigma, inevitable and inex- plicable. Few of us stop to think how much the contemplation of death has colored human thought through- out the ages. There have been times when it almost shut out all other con- cerns; there has never been a time when it has not bulked enormously in the racial consciousness. Well, what Dr. Weber does in his book is to detach and set forth the salient ideas that have emerged from all that consideration and discussion -- to isolate the chief theories of death, ancient and modern, pagan and Chris- tian, scientific and mystical, sound and absurd.  The material thus digested is apall- ingly copious. If the learned author had confined himself to printed books alone, he would have faced a labor fit for a new Hercules. But in addi- tion to books he has given his atten- tion to prints, to medals, to paintings, to engraved gems and to monumental inscriptions. His authorities range from St. John on what is to happen at the Day of Judgment to Sir William Osler to what happens upon the normal human death-bed, and from Socrates     on the relation of death to philosophy to Havelock Ellis on the effects of Christian ideas of death upon the medieval temperament. The one field that Dr. Weber has overlooked is that of music, a somewhat serious omis- sion. It is hard to think of a great composer who never wrote a funeral march, or a requiem, or at least a sad song to some departed love. Even old Papa Haydn had moments when he ceased to be merry, and let his thought turn stealthily upon the doom ahead. To me, at all events, the slow move- ment of the Military Symphony is the saddest of music -- an elegy, I take it, on some young fellow who went out in the incomprehensible wars of those times and got himself horribly killed in a far place. The trumpet blasts to- wards the end fling themselves over his hasty grave in some remote cab- bage field; one hears, before and after them, the honest weeping of his com- rades into their wine-pots. In truth, the shadow of death hangs over all the music of Haydn. Life was gay in those last days of the Holy Roman Empire, but it was also precarious. If the Turks were not at the gate, then there was a peasant rising some- where in the hinterland, or a pesti- lence swept the land. Beethoven, a generation later, growled at death surlily, but Haydn faced it like a gentleman. The romantic movement brought a sentimentalization of the tragedy; it became a sort of orgy. Whenever Wagner dealt with death he treated it as if it were some sort of gaudy tournament -- a thing less dreadful than ecstatic. Consider, for example, the Char-Freitag music in "Parsifal" -- death music for the most memorable death in the history of the world. I doubt that one hear- ing it for the first time, without pre- vious warning, would guess that it has to do with anything of the sort. On the contrary, I have a notion that the average auditor would guess that it is a musical setting for some lament- able hugging match between a Bay-