TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS 97    assumed an implacable harshness and an unswerving determination. All his suspicions were confirmed. He did not seek to comprehend the motives of Pe- rez--they might be a hundredfold. His experience had taught him that intrigue and treachery were above everything the immutable characteristics of politi- cal life in the Republic.  This deeply understood truth was the explication, in general, of every- thing. In his childish trust, in his in- fantile absence of suspicion, he had al- lowed the initiative to grow in the hands of the other. The affair had progressed to the situation of open and flaunting insults.  His face grew harder, his lips fur- ther compressed. The waiter returned for a third time. He drank his brandy- and-soda as before, in a single swal- low.  And now he saw Antonio Silva re- entering the cafe. The man approached him swiftly and stood in silence at his elbow. All the company understood; they arose.  Ruiz Valdivieso, gripping the edge of his chair, stood up. His sight blurred a little and here was a singing in his ears; he remembered suddenly that he had been drinking since the af- ternoon. His legs felt a trifle unsteady. Two of his friends, divining his need, took his arms. Together, in a waver- ing progress, they moved toward the door  Silva, with admirable foresight, had brought his chief's automobile. They all got in with deep gravity and were swiftly driven away.  V  The night air, blowing against his face, made the senses of Ruiz Valdi- vieso swim. He closed his eyes; he was weary; he felt incapable of action. His hand, flexed and inert, pressed lightly against his coat pocket, touch- ing the bulging contour of the revolver that had been thrust there by Silva. He breathed heavily; his head fell a little to one side. About him were his     friends, conversing in sputtering inco- herencies.  They turned into the boulevard. The car proceeded down the broad avenue silently and swiftly. In front, the chauffeur turned and looked back ex- pectantly. The motion become slower; they stopped. The men in the back turned their heads and stared.  They had stopped before the lighted front of La Espania.  Ruiz Valdivieso grasped the cush- ions of the car and pulled himself to his feet; he alighted heavily; his friends supported him and in doing so support- ed themselves. They zig-zagged across the pavement and into the cafe.  Near the entrance they sighted Jesus Maria Perez, seated, drinking, sur- rounded by his friends.  He had been drinking steadily all evening and when the news of the Sec- retary's intent was brought to him, the service of drinks had been accelerated. Someone had brought him a weapon for his protection. Now it lay across his fat knees, shaded by the folds of the table-cloth, shadowy, sinister, sugges- tive. At a concerted exclamation from his companions, he looked up.  Ruiz Valdivieso was standing at the door.  Perez's friends jumped up and drew to one side. The two who supported the Secretary staggered away from him. Both men were left alone, a clear space around each.  The Secretary, bracing himself on his widely spread legs, looked at the blurred, flushed visage of his former friend.  The latter, gripping the edge of the table, arose with heavy lurches of his big shoulders.  Something slid from his knees and, unheeded, dropped to the floor with a metallic clatter.  For a moment the Secretary stood near the door, his body unsteady, his legs bending from time to time at the knees, his head twisting in a faint tremour. Then he passed his hand over his inadequate eyes and essayed a step further.