108 AUNT IDA    in Piedmont and though marrying a girl like Ethyl in a church seemed doub- ly wicked, Andrew was glad to write his people about it--he would keep them from finding out the truth, shield them. He would pretend that Ethyl was the sort of a girl his mother or Minnie or Nellie might know.  Only Ethyl's parents were at the mar- riage ceremony--Andrew had requested that. Ethyl wore a new suit, a charm- ing suit, Andrew thought. Her mother wore black, elaborately braided and trimmed in red and black beads, her father a suit of peculiarly ugly purple blue. Well, he was married to Ethyl at last!  At first, they went to live in two rooms in a small hotel near where Ethyl's parents lived--less trouble than housekeeping--just the two of them-- so near the folks, too. The hotel was the Clifton, middle class, not especially well arranged or managed or furnished, with a small basement cafe. Ethyl had suggested this.  The first weeks of matrimony were quite as pleasant as Andrew had antici- pated, though perhaps a bit more mod- erate. Ethyl was sweet and loving and fragrant. Andrew thought she succeed- ed in hiding her evil ways quite well, and, though he looked for symptoms of badness, he admitted to himself that Ethyl acted quite the part of the model bride.  Andrew liked the Clifton, too, until meeting an old acquaintance a few weeks later and telling him of his mar- riage and where he was living, the ac- quaintance had raised eyebrows.  "Rather a shady reputation, the Clifton," he said. "Did you know that?"  "Indeed I didn't. We'll leave there at once, of course," Andrew had an- swered, but he had been secretly thrilled at the thought of having lived in a hotel of doubtful reputation. Of course Ethyl had known about the Clifton. Born in New York, there were a lot of things she knew.....  Andrew questioned her about the hotel that evening.     "Nonsense," she said, "I've known about this place all my life. Why, Jack Wilson, the boy I used to go with be- fore I met you--I went to high school with him, remember I told you--has lived here for years. A lot of other people I know, too."  Jack Wilson--was that why Ethyl had picked out the Clifton?  "Ethyl," he said, sternly, "you haven't seen Jack lately, have you?"  Ethyl giggled. "You silly thing, of course not. Don't make such big eyes at me, wolf, or I'll think you're trying to eat me."  But Andrew continued to be serious. "Ethyl," he said, "I 'm not going to dwell on this. But, if I ever doubt you, it's all off. You know what I mean. We--we couldn't remain together--if I--I suspected you. Of course I--I trust you. I just wanted you to know."  Ethyl tweaked his hair.  "Don't take it so hard," she said, and giggled again. "You bet it would be 'all off,' if you doubted me. The one thing I couldn't stand would be a hus- band who snooped or was suspicious. One suspicion--and--out you go."  She made a pretty little gesture of throwing him out of the door.  Andrew didn't say anything else. He didn't tell Ethyl he doubted her, but he began watching her actions a little closer. After all, born in New York City, living there all your life without the influences of a small town--Ethyl seemed innocent enough, now, but the corrupting influences to which she had been subjected--the way she had been raised--  They must leave the Clifton, that was certain. That would be a good first step to take. Andrew was sorry his "rooms" were not available, but they were just for balchelors. And, too, in passing them he had seen that the small swinging "For Rent" sign had been taken down.  Ethyl and he went house-hunting then. They finally found a small apart- ment near Ethyl's mother and her other relatives--not far from the Clifton-- it was the part of New York Ethyl