Heavenly Sophists  By Maurice Lazar    MRS. PRIMROSE was tranquil during her husband's loosely woven and thunderously shouted tirade. She was familiar with most of his characteristics, having lived many years with him, and his phrases were wasted on her. But her familiarity could not check her sudden fright when he dragged a bulky revolver from his respectable frock-coat and shook it be- fore Rockett's gusty nostrils.  "You dirty dog!" cried Primrose, who was an instructor in sociology at the university where Rockett lectured on Greek literature, "I'll show you that educated people have some principles. To compromise my wife this way! What a scandal! Couldn't you have refrained from dragging me into it? Did you have to force me to see what was going on? So callous--so shame- less! No wonder people have been pat- ronizing me. They knew! Oh, what shall I do? What will become of me?" He shook the revolver again and kicked Rockett's shins.  "Shut up!" he said as his wife's eyes pleaded for sympathy. "I want no word from you. You have been very indiscreet. A wife owes her husband discretion above all else."  He aimed another kick at Rockett, who was moving toward the door, and delivered it with unexpected energy.  Rockett's footsteps were accelerated. The kick was repeated. Rockett began to run. He trotted awkwardly into the hallway and then upstairs to the floor above. He was pursued closely by Primrose. Floor followed floor and soon they reached the gravel roof of the apartment building.  Through the open door of the sky-       light Primrose galloped with lowered head toward Rockett and battered him down and sat upon his heaving abdo- men. They occupied this singular posi- tion several moments before they could again breathe.  Still panting Rockett said:  "This is terribly ridiculous!"  The awesome distance from the com- plicated inhabitants of the restless city to the clear specks of light in the sky reminded Primrose of the microscopic quality of himself and his surroundings. The quiet night made him intensely conscious of his unhappiness.  "No," he said, "it's all very serious. You have made an ass of yourself. You have placed me in an embarrassing position. You used to be socially inter- ested in my wife. But your egoism was too much for you. It caught fire from the sparks of her flattery. You could no longer restrain yourself. Your attentions to her became very obvious; your conduct was insolently reckless. Now the three of us are undone. How trivial seem the things that lead us to disaster! You are a shameless fellow."  "Be gracious, old man," Rockett pleaded. "This gravel pinches my back. We are innocent, your wife and I. Believe me! We shared nothing other than an intellectual companion- ship. Your wife is a good woman and an apt pupil. She enjoyed my dis- courses on literature."  "Ha! She did not need you for that. I was always ready to serve her intel- lectual requirements. But it is too late. I shall have to divorce her."  "Don't be absurd. Your wife is amazingly virtuous. She has been do- mesticated beyond measure and is a  116