32 WHAT IS ISN'T    hair and beard enter hurriedly and thrust his arms into the flowing sleeves of his black silk gown of office. Then her eyes closed, and she sat as in a coma, scarcely breathing.  Calvert, back in the dock once more, watched the twelve men with his fate in their keeping, file solemnly through the door from the jury room and take their places.  The usual formalities began and ended. He had risen at command and "looked upon the jury," he had been "looked upon" in turn; the usual ques- tions had been put; and now--after aeons, it seemed to him, the foreman's mouth had opened for that last answer.  "Guilty of murder in the first de- gree."  CHAPTER X  Within a week Judge McCready was in possession of sufficient facts, provided by Marvin Lilligore, to war- rant him, he believed, in granting Cal- vert a new trial on the ground of fresh- ly discovered evidence, not hitherto available. It developed then that the old Judge was himself by no means satisfied with the justice of the verdict rendered. He had really been most friendly to the accused from the be- ginning, and was personally of the opinion that there was no warrant for conviction. So, when Lilligore offered to prove, if given the chance, that even more mysterious crimes--though less serious--had been committed in the Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas offices since the murder, he took the view that such evidence would in all likelihood be all that was necessary to throw the balance to the side of acquittal.  There was no mention then of the suspicion attaching to Arrowsmith. Owen Wills, working in secret with Lilligore, had been more than half con- vinced from the first that this ne'er-do- well brother-in-law was the perpetrator of the crime. He had divined it on that occasion of his interview with Mr. Dallas, when the latter had so obliging- ly read to him the managing clerk's     affidavit. And he had made notes of certain statements at the time: inclu- ding that concerning the visitor's re- turn for his umbrella and his absence until the office was in excitement over the discovery of the dead body.  But when the petition for a new trial was presented Wills still lacked a full assurance of the man's guilt. And for so much as a whisper of the pointing finger to get abroad might make hope- less the certainty toward which he was still energetically laboring.  He had, nevertheless, lost no time in conveying to Bianca Holland his high hopes. It was she, indeed, who had quickened his early suspicion and con- tributed a valuable addition to the evi- dence by her discovery, in that mass of her husband's private correspondence, of a threatening letter from Arrow- smith, written within a fortnight of the murder.  And for his friend Calvert's consol- ing he had sent him, through Lilligore, a promise to free him before Easter.  "Tell him," he had said, "that I'm the architect of his deliverance. I've built it up story by story. Now I'm going to put the roof on."  In spite of the efforts of the District Attorney's office toward delay, the new trial was squeezed into a rift in the calendar in mid-April. And much to the surprise of the Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas office, about everyone em- ployed there, from firm-member to office-boy, was subpoenaed by the de- fence. The prosecution relied almost wholly on its original evidence, supple- mented by its deductions and the mov- ing oratory of its exponent, coupled with his acknowledged gift for effective cross-examination. Indeed, in order that expedition should characterize the proceedings, it was mutually agreed by counsel that much of the testimony taken in the former action should be simply read into this from the record.  About the only exception on the part of the District Attorney was in his re- calling of Bianca Holland. When she was previously on the stand--and she