A CALL FOR 3,000 New Photoplays Moving Picture Stars and Producers are Searching the Country for New Suitable Scenarios --Read how this New Well-Paid Art is Mastered more easily than you may think. Cecil B. DeMille Mabel Normand Roscoe (Fatty) Arbuckle Olive Thomas THE moving picture industry is facing a famine -- a famine in story plots -- photoplays. Higher prices than ever before -- $500 to $1000 are being paid for 5-reel dramatic scripts; $100 to $500 for clever short comedies. For the studios--around Los Angeles alone -- need approximately 3000 new stories each year. Producers must have material -- new plots, especially written for the screen. And now a plan -- the first to be endorsed by the leading stars and producers -- has been designed to teach you how to prepare your ideas for the screen. The plan was created by Frederick Palmer, for- merly of Universal -- the man who wrote 52 scenarios in 9 months -- more than one a week--all accepted. Mr. Palmer furnishes you with a handbook and cross references to scenarios that have been PRO- DUCED. Both drama and comedy are represented. Since we started a little over a year ago, many of our students have sold their plays, some for as high as $1000. A number of others have already taken posi- tions at the studios. Indorsed by Stars, Producers, Directors and Writers Under this plan we give you one year's free Advisory Service. And our Sales Service is at your disposal to assist you in selling your plays. Note the pictures of the screen stars in this advertisement. All of them endorse the Palmer Plan of Photoplay Writing. These endorsements and dozens of others you will find in our new booklet, "The Secret of Successful Photo- play Writing." Write for this booklet now. It will show you the great opportunity in photoplay writing. The book is filled with autograph letters from the biggest stars and producers, strongly endorsing the Palmer Plan of Photoplay Writing, urging us to do our best to develop photoplay writers. Have you ever thought you could write a better plot than some you have seen at the theaters? If so, send for this booklet. It will show you how to get it produced. If you believe you have an idea for a scenario, this booklet will tell you how you can turn it into money. For photoplay writing is not difficult, once you have learned a few basic principles. Genius is not required. A simple story with one good thought is enough. For moving pictures are made for the masses. Never was there such an opportunity to turn simple story-ideas into money and reputation. The field is uncrowded. The demand is growing greater each day. Write for the booklet. It's free. No obligation. Just fill out the coupon and mail to us.   The Palmer Photoplay Corporation 5911 I.W. Hellman Building, Los Angeles, California Name Address Please send me without obligation, your new booklet- "The Secret of Successful Photoplay Writing," containing autograph letter of the leading stars.