TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS 95    back, he raised his face and stared.  Then Perez, describing a circle with his arm that seemed scarcely more than an expansive gesture, swept him off his feet, tumbled him to the pavement with a ludicrous ease. A crowd was collect- ing; a policeman hurried up.  The oliceman recognized the Gob- ernador and saluted him. Perez ut- tered a few contemptuous words.  "Take this young ruffian where he will be safe," he said.  And young Julio was pulled to his feet and like the victim of the same recurrent disaster, was led off in im- potent confusion. The other party proceeded into La Espania.  IV  The Secretario General of the Re- public, Ruiz Valdivieso, had gone that afternoon to Guaira, the seaport nearest to the inland city of Caracas No one knew of his departure and it was conse- quently impossible to communicate the news of his son's third incarceration. At Guaira he concluded certain private business and then, going to the sea-side home of a friend, spent the balance of the afternoon in agreeable conversation with his friend and two or three ac- quaintances.  The day was unusually warm and the comfort of the company was ac- complished by the frequent service of tall glasses of iced brandy-and-soda. They sat outdoors, in a little latticed pa- vilion that opened to the sea; an over- tone of waves breaking themselves on the short cliffs mingled with the sound of their voices.  The conversation went into reminis- cent channels; Ruiz Valdivieso re- tailed his days as an active caudillo, days and nights in the saddle and anx- ious hours. He drank brandy-and-soda out of the tall glasses and his heart warmed with reminiscence. The old days of difficulties, of hardships, of uncertainties returned in vivid remem- bered pictures; his gestures grew lar- ger, his eye brighter, his carriage more erect. They toasted his old suc-     cesses; he gave them a hearty response.  As the hours passed it became in- creasingly manifest that such an agree- able company could not be immediately disbanded. The Secretario General made a suggestion: why shouldn't they all accompany him back to the capital- very little more than a two hours' ride --and conclude the evening pleasantly at La Cerveceria? No one could think of anything better than this; they hurried away together to catch the next return- ing train.  In the car fresh glasses of brandy- and-soda were brought them and the conversation continued with the ut- most communion of feeling. The Sec- retary's friend had seen service as a young man in Peru and he related his experiences. He told of an amusing adventure with the wife of his Colonel; the talk turned to women. Now they grouped themselves closer together, their dark faces flushed, their eyes brighter, their glances suggestive.  They told many isolated anecdotes; they went back to the memories of their earliest affairs; they constructed gen- eralizations. All agreed on one thing pertaining to the Latin females: the French women were the most lascivi- ous, the Spanish women the most lov- ing, the Italian women the most pas- sionate. If you were unfaithful to a French woman you probably found that she had got ahead of you anyway with another man; if you were faith- less to your Spanish mistress she would often try to kill herself; if you were untrue to an Italian she would more than likely try to kill you. . . . The train pulled into the terminal at Cara- cas and the friends alighted arm in arm.  They took a taxi to the Plaza and got out at the Cerveceria.  Ruiz Valdivieso led the way into the cafe. The tables were crowded; many voices vibrated in the air in an harmonious hum. A score of people recognized the secretary, and outting down their drinks, pausing in whatever words they were saying, suspending the gestures of the moment, they stared