WHAT IS ISN'T 9    that I called on your husband this morning."  She started at the words, caught her breath with a little gulp, and her eyes widened.  "You--you called--?" she began.  "Yes. But don't be alarmed. We had no words. You weren't mentioned. Because, all our messengers were out, I, like a fool, volunteered to deliver the letter of credit that he's to pay your expenses with on the other side. I was going that way, and I fancied that I'd only have to hand it to his managing clerk."  "But?"  "He'd left instructions that the mes- senger should be shown in. Under the circumstances I couldn't very well re- fuse. Could I?"  "But I don't understand why he--"  "Wanted to make sure that it was all right, I suppose. So as to avoid fur- ther delay if it wasn't."  "And was it?"  "Naturally. Our house rarely makes errors. We've been too long at the game. But if there had been a mistake in every line he'd never have detected one. It was most amusing. He pre- tended to look it over, but my presence rattled him. Didn't take in a word he was reading. And I just stood there watching his face grow redder and red- der by the minute, and wishing to God that a little vein might burst in his brain and hurry him to Kingdom Come. I must have laughed aloud at his vexa- tion--at his obvious discomfiture--if I hadn't been so intent on that wish."  "Oh, Lee!"  "It's the truth. Why shouldn't I confess it? Ordinarily I'm not a very good hater, Bee. But if hating could kill Elliot Holland he'd be dead at this minute."  "My dearest!" There was hurt as well as deprecation in her tone. "I wish you wouldn't say such things. Our love should be above hatred." And her lip quivered.  The waiter came then and Calvert was perforce silent. When, having placed the Blue Points before them,     the waiter once more effaced himself, the ardent young lover, on second thought, suppressed his intended de- fence.  "I hope you have nothing today to hurry away for," he said instead. And it was with a little temporary glow of satisfaction that he heard her answer:  "Nothing. The whole afternoon is yours, if you want it."  "Want it!" he echoed. "It can be measured by minutes, and I long for the immeasurable."  An half-hour passed. They were picking at breasts of quail, broiled to a turn under crisp bacon strips, and sip- ping a dry, still wine which imparted a certain temporary warmth of content- ment, when a sudden jangle of brass curtain-rings and a swift movement aside of the crimson plush hangings at Bianca's back caused them both to start.  Calvert, abruptly apprehensive, lifted his gaze and Bianca's lovely head exe- cuted a quick turn. So that, simul- taneously, they were conscious of their invaded privacy.  A tall, thin, gentlemanly appearing man, Vandyke-bearded and slightly bald, was regarding them from the mid- dle of the archway. Both recognized him. He was Elliot Holland's elder brother, Robert. Both, too, were in- stantly aware of a stem gravity of visage which communicated something more unusual than simple alarm. And both were mute under the weight of it.  Nor did he either bow or speak un- til, advancing, he stood between them at the table's end. And then he addressed Bianca.  "I have been trying to locate you since twelve-thirty," he said in a voice ominously hushed. "Something tragic has happened."  Calvert's eyes went to the face of the woman he loved. It was white as pa- per and she was staring frightenedly at her brother-in-law.  "Elliot?" she questioned, breathing the name.  He nodded.  Calvert got to his feet. There was