20 WHAT IS ISN'T    the Frenchwoman was gone. Her im- pulse was to run. She had never been alone with a demented person before. She did not know how to treat one. Bianca's grip on her wrist, however, was tightening. She tried to release her arm.  "Just a minute, dear," she pleaded. But the pressure of the circling fingers waxed stronger.  "Convict whom? Convict of what? Tell me!" Bianca repeated insistently.  "Try to think; try to remember, Bee!" Sarah rattled nervously. She re- called having heard that insane persons must me humored.  "But no one has done anything."  "Someone has. You know that. Poor Elliot didn't kill himself."  "He wasn't killed. Who says he was killed?"  "The newspapers; everyone. But they've arrested the wrong man. We all know that. Lee couldn't have done it."  It was in this wise that the news came to the wretched Bianca, and she dropped under it as if an axe had crushed through her skull. Her hold on Sarah's wrist relaxed suddenly and she fell back among her pillows, ghastly white and inert.  At the same moment a tap sounded on the door, which Sarah was too frightened to hear. She was still sit- ting, half-paralyzed with alarm, on the bed's edge when a hand was laid on her shoulder and she started with a violent tremor.  A big, broad-shouldered man, grey- haired and with a scant grey beard trimmed to a point, was standing be- hind her.  Dr. Vanderslice had arrived in the nick of time.  CHAPTER VII  Owen Wills had gone straight from the Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas offices to the Tombs and his client. Indignantly as he had resented and repudiated the Dallas declaration of motive as an "in- fernal fabrication," he was nevertheless     greatly disturbed by it. And he was, moreover, infuriate that Lee Calvert should have concealed, if true, so vital an element. But was it true? It was inconceivable that Dallas could make such an assertion without pretty con- vincing evidence; and yet it was barely in reason that, considering the close- ness of their intimacy, Calvert had been able to suppress so completely an at- tachment of this kind.  Until client and counsel were face to face, therefore, and the question had been put and answered, there was room for doubt. With the truth established, Will's exasperation rose to a high pitch. He was a temperamental young man, abundantly talented, who took his pro- fession with great seriousness, and his own cleverness made him intolerant of the least evidence of stupidity in those he believed in.  "You're an ass," he stormed, his cheeks flushed to the temples and his eyes blazing. "Chivalry be damned. This was no time for chivalry of that sort. A man accused of crime should be as candid with his attorney as he is with his other self. And I refuse to act for a man who isn't. Holland's firm will throw all the weight of its combined forces--and that includes in- side knowledge--in with the office of the district attorney. It will practically prepare his case for him. It's got this, and God only knows what else it's got. Whereas you, you poor simpleton, have put me at a disadvantage from the start. And I won't accept the handi- cap. How do I know what else you may have up your sleeve? We're beaten before the flag falls; left at the post. So I stop right here, because I decline to come in a bad last. Retain somebody else. I wash my hands of you."  Calvert, a little ashamed, struggled to force a smile.  "Oh, come, old chap!" he urged. "You're making a mountain out of a mole-hill. Suppose I had told you yes-" terday. What difference could it have made?"  Owen Wills did not deign to answer.