WEIRD TALES 373    paralleled insult? Where are you taking me?"  "To crack a bottle of wine with us," said the two students. "Come along! That is an invitation which you have never re- fused."  "I never heard of such insolence in my life!" cried von Hartmann. "Let go my arms! I shall certainly have you rusticated for this. Let me go, I say!" and he kicked furiously at his captors.  "Oh, if you choose to turn ill-tem- pered, you may go where you like," the students said, releasing him. "We can do very well without you."  "I know you! I'll pay you out!" said von Hartmann furiously, and continued in the direction which he imagined to be his own home, much incensed at the two episodes which had occurred to him on the way.  Now, Madam von Baumgarten, who was looking out of the window and won- dering why her husband was late for din- ner, was considerably astonished to see the young student come stalking down the road. As already remarked, she had a great antipathy to him, and if ever he ventured into the house it was on suffer- ance, and under the protection of the pro- fessor. Still more astonished was she, therefore, when she beheld him undo the wicket-gate and stride up the garden path with the air of one who is master of the situation. She could hardly believe her eyes, and hastened to the door with all her maternal instincts up in arms. From the upper windows the fair Elise had also observed this daring move upon the part of her lover, and her heart beat quick with mingled pride and consternation.  "Good-day, sir," Madam Baumgarten remarked to the intruder, as she stood in gloomy majesty in the open doorway.  "A very fine day indeed, Martha," re- turned the other. "Now, don't stand there like a statue of Juno, but bustle     Only MIDWEST Gives You PUSH BUTTON TUNING plus ELECTRIK SAVER 16 TUBES 5 WAVE BANDS 9 to 2200 METERS SAVE UP TO 50% DIRECT FROM FACTORY $49.95 COMPLETE with GIANT THEATRE-SONIC SPEAKER TERMS as low as 10c A DAY EVERYWHERE, radio enthusiasts are praising this amazingly beautiful, bigger, better, more powerful, super selective 16-tube 5-band radio. Out-performs $200 sets on point-for-point comparison. Before you decide, write for FREE 40-page 1937 catalog. Learn how you can save 50% by buying direct from the factory. Why pay more? 74 ADVANCED 1937 FEATURES Scores of marvelous features explain Midwest super performance and assure thrilling world-wide all-wave performances. You can switch instantly from American programs...to Canadian, police, amateur, commercial, airplane and ship broadcasts...to world's finest foreign programs. Powerful Triple-Twin tubes (two tubes in one!) give 18-tube results. Exclusive Electrik-Saver cuts radio wattage consumption 50%...results in Midwest radios using no more current than ordinary 7-tube set . . . enable them to operate on voltage as low as 80 volts. Push Button Finger Tip Tuning is made possible wit the Midwest automatic push button tuning system...doubling your radio enjoument. 30 DAYS FREE TRIAL! No middleman's profits to pay--you buy at wholesale price direct from factory--saving you 30% to 50%. As little as 10c a day pays for your Midwest...and you can try it out in your own home on 30 days FREE trial. You are triply protected with: Foreign Reception Guarantee, One-Year Warranty and Money-Back Guarantee.   MAIL COUPON TODAY for Free 30-DAY TRIAL OFFER and 40-PAGE FOUR-COLOUR Free CATALOG MIDWEST RADIO CORPORATION Dept. D-37, Cincinnati, Ohio Without obligation on my part, send me your new FREE catalog and complete details of your liberal 30-day FREE trial offer. This is NOT an order. Special offer and prices prevail only when deal-ing direct with factory by mail. Name Address Town State     Gamblers Secrets Exposed New Book, BEAT THE CHEAT. 4 new card reading secrets. White ink. Invisible ink. Xray-ceethru. Know top card, 2nd, 3rd, without taking card off top. Dice. Missers. Passers. Making any point with dice. Rackets exposed. Races. Money making novelties. Quit looking. Win. Send $1 for "Beat The Cheat." JOHNSTON'S BOOKS, Box 2438-W, Kansas City, Mo.