WEIRD TALES 255 amateur astronomer myself and I know those heavenly bodies cited by friend Lovecraft well." Breath-taking Beauty James O'Regan writes from Springfield, Missouri: "Your new feature by Virgil Fin- lay will undoubtedly be lauded by your read- ers. His first illustration, of Sterling's su- perb passage, is genuinely horrible; yet there is a breath-taking beauty about it. Vampiric illustrations are common, but never have I seen one quite so startling as Virgil's. Words cannot describe my feeling when I saw that lovely, loathsome creature slinking by the grave-stones. The whirling fog and wheeling bats added a distinct touch of horror. One of my friends chanced to see the illustration, and he became a trifle upset. But this is quite understandable. I can't say how I enjoyed The Black Stone Statue by Mary E. Counsel- man. The repellent horror in the story was excellently depicted, and Finlay's drawing was splendid. I have enjoyed every issue of WT since I first became a reader of your magazine. The type of stories I prefer are those with some fearful terror lurking in every page. I gloat over slimy, bestial things, spawned in some dank, unknown place. I thrill over evil, creeping creatures of the dark, inhabitants of a crumbling tomb. Per- haps my taste is just a bit too shuddery, but there are many other readers with the same preferences." A Splendid Piece of Fantasy B. M. Reynolds writes from North Adams, Massachusetts: "Mr. Nictzin Dyalhis certain- ly turned out a splendid piece of fantastic writing in The Sea-Witch. The theory of re- incarnation is a particularly fascinating sub- ject, one which, I believe, should appeal to a great majority of your readers. Many fine tales in the past have been written around this theme. This story was well constructed and well written. The characters were por- trayed vividly, seeming almost to step out of the pages to become real living and breath- ing human beings. Mr. Dyalhis likewise showed a keen knowledge of the Æsir and Norse mythology in general which made a convincing background for the tale. Second best was H. P. L.'s little fantasy, Polaris, one of the finest short-shorts this year. Third: Miss Counselman's The Black Stone Statue --unusual theme, nicely done. The Voyage NEXT MONTH DREADFUL SLEEP By Jack Williamson A marvelous tale is this new serial novel by the author of "The Wand of Doom" and "Golden Blood." It is a story of weird mon- strosities from Saturn, that lay buried under the antarctic ice since prehistoric times, chained in a dreadful slumber-- the story of their ghastly awakening, and the doom that oppressed the world --the story of the weird and glorious being, Maru-Mora, and the lovely Carol Lee--the story of a great scien- tist mad with power. This is a romantic story, a thrilling story, a tragic story. Those of you who remember "Golden Blood" by the same author will not want to miss this new tale from his pen. It will begin in the March issue of WEIRD TALES on sale February 1 To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill., U. S. A. Enclosed find $1.00, for which send me the next live issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the March issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name Address City State