WEIRD TALES   A SECRET METHOD FOR THE MASTERY OF LIFE AMENHOTEP IV Founder of Egypt's Mystery Schools WHENCE came the knowledge that built the Pyramids and the mighty Temples of the Pharaohs? Civiliza- tion began in the Nile Valley centuries ago. Where did its first builders acquire their astounding wisdom that started man on his upward climb? Beginning with naught they overcame nature's forces and gave the world its first sciences and arts. Did their knowledge come from a race now submerged beneath the sea, or were they touched with Infinite inspiration? From what concealed source came the wisdom that produced such characters as Amenhotep IV, Leonardo da Vinci, Isaac Newton, and a host of others? Today it is known that they discovered and learned to inter- pret certain Secret Methods for the development of their inner power of mind. They learned to command the inner forces within their own beings, and to master life. This secret art of living has been preserved and handed down throughout the ages. Today it is extended to those who dare to use its pro- found principles to meet and solve the problems of life in these complex times. This Seeded Book--FREE Has life brought you that personal satisfaction, the sense of achieve- ment and happiness that you desire? If not, it is your duty to your- self to learn about this rational method of applying natural laws for the mastery of life. To the thoughtful person it is obvious that every- one cannot be entrusted with an intimate knowledge of the mysteries of life, for everyone is not capable of properly using it. But if you are one of those possessed of a true desire to forge ahead and wish to make use of the subtle influences of life, the Rosicrucians (not a religious or- ganization) will send you A Sealed Book of explanation without obli- gation. This Sealed Book tells how you, in the privacy of your own home, without interference with your personal affairs or manner of liv- ing, may receive these secret teachings. Not weird or strange practices, but a rational application of the basic laws of life. Use the coupon, and obtain your complimentary copy. The ROSICRUCIANS SAN JOSE (AMORC) CALIFORNIA Use this coupon for FREE copy of book   SCRIBE: B. H. D. The Rosicrucians (AMORC) San Jose, California Please send free copy of Sealed Book, which I shall read as directed. NAME ADDRESS CITY    W.T.--1  257