DREADFUL SLEEP 315 look after Aston. He needs someone. He isn't--he's not quite himself." And she left me, in a moment, and went back to her husband. I TRIED to deny or forget that disturb- ing, uncanny sensation. But it clung and grew in my brain, like something evil and alive. And the difficulties ahead seemed suddenly a more terrible barrier than the wall of ice we had passed. Where lay any hope of success? What impress could four men and a woman make upon this eternal citadel of winter? The tense hours passed. We drove on into the blizzard, above the featureless white surface of the Barrier. As our load of fuel was lightened, I fought for alti- tude to gain the passes and plateaus be- fore us. The barren summits of the Common- wealth Range behind, we flew up the long inlet of the Barrier, beside Queen Maud's Range. The Austral Queen la- bored bravely upward, battled the shriek- ing wind that hurled her at the black crags that walled a glacier-carven pass, and we were at last above the polar plateau. We passed seventy miles to the left of the Pole itself. For two hours we fought the tempest that raged down beside the Mountains of Despair, across beyond the Pole, before we reached the only pass. It was the highest on the flight, and there we met the most savage wind. I had to drop half our reserve tanks of gasoline, before the ship found courage to lift above the barrier. Beyond we came down into the Staple- don Basin: the site that Bell had chosen for our attempt to thaw the ice. It was an ice-clad plateau nine thousand feet high, walled on all sides with dark tre- mendous ranges towering above the glaciers. Far across it, a hundred and forty miles away and invisible in the hazy fury of the blizzard, rose, I knew, that mighty unex- plored transpolar range that I had glimpsed and named the Mountains of Uranus--on whose summit, in the dream, I had seen the purple pylon of the Seeker. I had resolved to discount the dream. But now I found myself straining my eyes through the bleak gray mist, wondering, dwelling even upon the bright memory of the girl Karalee--until a jutting rocky ridge broke the ice beneath us, and it was time to land. Wind and altitude made that landing difficult. The heavy-burdened plane came hurtling down far too swiftly. A black granite boulder loomed suddenly out of the blinding drift-snow whipped along the surface. Our skids crashed against the ice crust. The ship bounced, lurched awk- wardly around the boulder, buried her nose in the drift beyond. The flight was ended. 6. The Haunted Camp I OPENED a hatch and dug my way to the surface. Merry Bell followed me up into the blizzard. It had moderated to a mere fifty-mile gale, but still at nine thousand feet, at forty below, it could pierce our furs and sear our lungs. A welter of dark outcroppings of shat- tered granite and fantastically carved white drifts surrounded us. The desolate rugged ice beyond was like a wild sea congealed in the midst of a furious storm. The dark ranges that walled the Basin, fifty to eighty miles away, were lost in lead-gray mist. Bell was staring about, shivering. "This ridge is the summit of a moun- tain, buried under the glacier," I told him. "Our survey showed the ice over most of the Basin to be three to five thousand feet--" His tortured thin face was suddenly warm with enthusiasm.