218 WEIRD TALES But Isaiah and the rest of the ancient peo- ples knew that there were 'hairy ones.' Perhaps you encountered one of that in- teresting breed tonight." "I don't want to encounter it a second time," I confessed, and again I shud- dered. "That is something we will talk over more fully. What do you think of the Turkish bath accommodations you have just left behind?" "To tell you the truth, I don't know what to think. Growing green stuff and a tropical temperature, with snow out- side-" He waved the riddle away. "Easily and disappointingly explained, Mr. Wills. Hot springs." I stopped still, shin-deep in wet snow. "What!" I ejaculated. "Oh, I've been there many times, in defiance of local custom and law--I'm not a native, you see." Once more his warming smile. "There are at least three springs, and the thick growth of trees makes a natural enclosure, roof and walls, to hold in the damp heat. It's not the only place of its kind in the world, Mr. Wills. But the thing you met there is a trifle more difficult of explanation. Come on home--we'll both feel better when we sit down." WE FINISHED the journey in half an hour. Judge Pursuivant's house was stoutly made of heavy hewn timbers, somewhat resembling certain lodges I had seen in England. Inside was a large, low- ceilinged room with a hanging oil lamp and a welcome open fire. A fat blond cat came leisurely forward to greet us. Its broad, good-humored face, large eyes and drooping whiskers gave it somewhat of a resemblance to its master. "Better get your things off," advised the judge. He raised his voice. "Wil- liam!" A squat negro with a sensitive brown face appeared from a door at the back of the house. "Bring in a bathrobe and slippers for this gentleman," ordered Judge Pursui- vant, and himself assisted me to take off my muddy jacket. Thankfully I peeled off my other garments, and when the serv- ant appeared with the robe I slid into it with a sigh. "I'm in your hands, Judge Pursuivant," I said. "If you want to turn me over-" "I might surrender you to an officer," he interrupted, "but never to a lawless mob. You'd better sit here for a time-- and talk to me." Near the fire was a desk, with an arm- chair at either side of it. We took seats, and when William returned from dispos- ing of my wet clothes, he brought along a tray with a bottle of whisky, a siphon and some glasses. The judge prepared two drinks and handed one to me. At his insistence, I talked for some time about the séance and the events leading up to it. "Remarkable," mused Judge Pursui- vant. Then his great shrewd eyes studied me. "Don't go to sleep there, Mr. Wills. I know you're tired, but I want to talk lycanthropy." "Lycanthropy?" I repeated. "You mean the science of the werewolf?" I smiled and shook my head. "I'm afraid I'm no authority, sir. Anyway, this was no witch- craft--it was a bona fide spirit séance, with ectoplasm." "Hum!" snorted the judge. "Witch- craft, spiritism! Did it ever occur to you that they might be one and the same thing?" "Inasmuch as I never believed in either of them, it never did occur to me." Judge Pursuivant finished his drink and wiped his mustache. "Skepticism does not become you too well, Mr. Wills,