324 WEIRD TALES film. I did not want her to drag you away, you see," he finished, smiling. "Some cognac for Miss--eh?" I introduced them. "For Miss Howard, and then The Nameless At his words a tiny warning note seemed to throb in my brain. I had been fingering a heavy metal paperweight, and now, as Keene's attention was momenta- rily diverted to the sideboard, I slipped it, on a sudden impulse, into my pocket. It would be no defense, though, against a gun. What was wrong with me, I wondered? An atmosphere of distrust and suspicion seemed to have sprung out of nothing. As Keene ushered us down into his pro- jection room, the skin of my back seemed to crawl with the expectation of attack. It was inexplicable, but definitely un- pleasant. KEENE was busy for a time in the pro- jection booth, and then he joined us. "Modern machinery is a blessing," he said with heavy jocularity. "I can be as lazy as I wish. I needed no help with the shooting, once the automatic cameras were installed. The projector, too, is au- tomatic." I felt Ann move closer to me in the gloom. I put my arm around her and said, "It helps, yes. What about releas- ing the picture, Mr. Keene?" There was a harsh note in his voice. "It will not be released. The world is uneducated, not ready for it. In a hun- dred years, perhaps, it will achieve the fame it deserves. I am doing it for poster- ity, and for the sake of creating a weird masterpiece on the screen." With a muffled click the projector be- gan to operate, and a title flashed on the screen: The Nameless. Keene's voice came out of the darkness. "It's a silent film, except for one sequence at the start. Sound adds nothing to weird- ness, and it helps to destroy the illusion of reality. Later, suitable music will be dubbed in." I did not answer. For a book had flashed on the gray oblong before us-- that amazing tour de force, The Circus of Doctor Lao. A hand opened it, and a long finger followed the lines as a tone- less voice read: "These are the sports, the offthrows of the universe instead of the species; these are the weird children of the lust of the spheres. Mysticism explains them where science cannot. Listen: when that great mysterious fecundity that peopled the worlds at the command of the gods had done with its birth-giving, when the celes- tial midwives all had left, when life had begun in the universe, the primal womb- thing found itself still unexhausted, its loins still potent. So that awful fertility tossed on its couch in a final fierce out- break of life-giving and gave birth to these nightmare beings, these abortions of the world." The voice ceased. The book faded, and there swam into view a mass of tumbled ruins. The ages had pitted the man- carved rocks with cracks and scars; the bas-relief figures were scarcely recog- nizable. I was reminded of certain ruins I had seen in Yucatan. The camera swung down. The ruins seemed to grow larger. A yawning hole gaped in the earth. Beside me Keene said, "The site of a ruined temple. Watch, now." The effect was that of moving forward into the depths of a subterranean pit. For a moment the screen was in darkness; then a stray beam of sunlight rested on an idol that stood in what was apparently an underground cavern. A narrow crack of light showed in the roof. The idol was starkly hideous. I got only a flashing glimpse, but the