THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 223 "'In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not anything made that was made. . . .'" 10. "Blood-lust and Compassion." IT MAY seem incredible that later in the night I slept like a dead pig; yet I had reason. First of all there was the weariness that had followed my dangers and exertions; then Judge Pursuivant's whisky and logic combined to reassure me; finally, the leather couch in his study, its surface com- fortably hollowed by much reclining thereon, was a sedative in itself. He gave me two quilts, very warm and very light, and left me alone. I did not stir until a rattle of breakfast dishes awakened me. William, the judge's servant, had care- fully brushed my clothes. My shoes also showed free of mud, though they still felt damp and clammy. The judge him- self furnished me with a clean shirt and socks, both items very loose upon me, and lent me his razor. "Some friends of yours called during the night," he told me dryly. "Friends?" "Yes, from the town. Five of them, with ropes and guns. They announced very definitely that they intended to deco- rate the flagpole in the public square with your corpse. There was also some infor- mal talk about drinking your blood. We may have vampires as well as werewolves hereabouts." I almost cut my lip with the razor. "How did you get rid of them?" I asked quickly. "They must have followed my tracks." "Lucky there was more snow after we got in," he replied, "and they came here only as a routine check-up. They must have visited every house within miles. Oh, turning them away was easy. I feigned wild enthusiasm for the manhunt, and asked if I couldn't come along." He smiled reminiscently, his mustache stirring like a rather genial blond snake. "Then what?" I prompted him dab- bing on more lather. "Why, they were delighted. I took a rifle and spent a few hours on the trail You weren't to be found at all, so we returned to town. Excitement reigns there, you can believe." "What kind of exdtement?" "Blood-lust and compassion. Since Constable O'Bryant is wounded, his younger brother, a strong advocate of your immediate capture and execution, is serving as a volunteer guardian of the peace. He's acting on an old appointment by his brother as deputy, to serve without pay. He told the coundl--a badly scared group--that he has sent for help to the county seat, but I am sure he did nothing of the kind. Meanwhile, the Croft is sur- rounded by scouts, who hope to catch you sneaking out of it. And the women of the town are looking after Susan Gird and your friend, the Herr Doktor." I had finished shaving. "How is Doc- tor Zoberg?" I inquired through the towel. "Still pretty badly shaken up. I tried to get in and see him. but it was impos- sible. I understand he went out for a while, early in the evening, but almost collapsed. Just now he is completely sur- rounded by cooing old ladies with soup and herb tea. Miss Gird was feeling much better, and talked to me for a while. I'm not really on warm terms with the town, you know; people think it's in- decent for me to live out here alone and not give them a chance to gossip about me. So I was pleasurably surprized to get