THE THIEF OF FORTHE 11 prick that stung the skin had warned him, wordlessly. One thin-fingered hand ab- sently stroked the tangled beard, and the heavy-rimmed eyelids were discreetly low- ered. Even the watchful gaze of Rald could discern nothing dangerous in the wizard's attitude. From beyond the king's menacing figure two burly guardsmen, eyes still bloodshot from deep slumber, cautiously approached the tense body of the thief. He had never been forcibly disarmed be- fore; he shrank a little as the sword and small dagger in his belt were appropri- ated. Thrine smiled maliciously and, partly to his own astonishment, he smiled back. He admired the Lady Thrine, her calm air and the coolness of her tongue, and was glad the death sparks had not had a chance to shatter her lovely body. Her smile faded. A strange shadow7 crossed her expressive features. Was it sympathy? "I have endured you a long time, oh Karlk!" Thrall was saying. "The mean- ing of tonight's entry is not quite clear to me. I mean to discover it. We will see what magic can prevail against the steel and wooden posts of my so seldom used torture rooms beneath us. Unless you wish to speak now?" "My king," said Karlk in respectful tones, "I have ever been misunderstood." "You have. Human minds cannot comprehend men changed into half-beasts or men with beast-like habits. Because of the powers you wielded I forbore a long time, but now, for some as yet incompre- hensible reason, you have invaded a very private chamber of Castle Forthe, wherein you have no rights, and the time has come for a definite easing of my mind. You will keep those wizard-hands of yours in plain sight and you will not speak or sign to this underling of yours, or I cut off your hands and his head without benefit of trial!" "I am no underling!" spat Rald, wrath - fully. "Without a head, who could tell?" observed a guardsman. "Ho! And who might you be, appear- ing as you are, clad as a new-born babe?" demanded Thrall. "I am Rald!" Even before the king the pride of the thief was stronger than the fear of punishment. Thrine watched him as he stood be- tween his captors, half naked, weaponless, but erect in defense of his own integrity, and marveled. "Rald!" exclaimed Thrall. "I've heard of you. So have my guards." His eyes flickered over the two abashed men guarding the captive, both of whom were now wide awake and intently watching the least movement made by the man between them. "Hitherto they never seem to have been so close to your person. My guards, you understand, have such strenuous tasks to perform, their minds, as well as their bodies, become fatigued with the passing of the day. From the drinking of wines and the entertainment of the kitchen maids they must seek their much-deserved repose." With flame-colored cheeks the two guards stood at attention. Rald grinned at each of them, and the fires mounted even higher beneath their skins. "Truly enterprising fellows, my king! You can perhaps perceive why I follow my less exhausting profession?" "I beg a private audience, oh king!" broke in Karlk in a humble voice. "Later, wizard," said Thrall, curtly. "Frake," he commanded, "see that my two guests are bound tightly to prevent their roving inclinations from leading them astray within my walls." Hasty footsteps were heard as three more men in the livery of the kings guardsmen entered, with eyes wide before