266 WEIRD TALES    the same rigid terror he had seen in them when he joined her.  "We could go back to the cove and get away on the Ariel, Vilma," Cliff said stonily. "And if you think we should, we will. But--I brought our friends here, and--well, I want to get them out if I can."  With an effort Vilma nodded. "Of course. We can't do anything else."  He released her and stepped up to the wall.  "I'm going to see what's going on in there," he said. "You wait here till I come down."  In sudden dread Vilma seized his arm. "No, Cliff. I couldn't stand waiting here alone. I'll go with you."  He nodded understandingly. And to- gether they began climbing the precipi- tous wall, fitting hands and feet in step- like crevices that made progress fairly rapid. Soon they were crouching on a wide stone ledge, clinging to thin, rusted bars, staring into the black castle.   3, The Steps of Torture   A GIGANTIC hall lay before them, a sin- gle chamber whose walls were the walls of the castle, whose arched ceiling rose far above them. Directly below their window a stone platform jutted from the wall, spreading entirely across the cham- ber. A stone altar squatted in the center of the platform, a strangely phosphores- cent fire smoldering on its top. And from the altar descended a wide, wide stairway ending in the middle of the hall. All this Cliff saw in a single sweeping glance; af- terward he had eyes for nothing save the lethal horror of a mad, mad scene, re- vealed by the dim radiance of the altar fire.  Behind the altar stood five huge figures clad in long, hooded cloaks of scarlet. The central figure had arms raised wide,      his cloak spread like the wings of some bloody bird of prey; and from his lips came a guttural incantation, a blasphe- mous chant in archaic Latin, in time with the wheeze of the buried organ. Now his arms dropped, and he was silent.  From the room below came a concerted whine of ceremonial devotion, a hollow, hungry wail. It rose from the bloodless lips of strangely assorted human figures ranging down the center of the long stair- way in two facing columns. A hundred or more there must have been, represent- ing half as many periods and countries, according to their strange and ancient cos- tumes. Men in the armor of medieval Persia--the crew of the black galley; yel- low-haired Vikings; hawk-faced Egyp- tians with leather-brown skins; half-naked islanders; red-sashed pirates from the Spanish main; men of today! And about all, like the dampness that clings to a tombstone, hovered a cloud of--death! The undead!  Cliff's gaze roved over the tensely wait- ing columns, then leaped to the foot of the stairs. There, cowering dumbly like sheep in a slaughter-pen, were his friends from the Ariel. All clothing had been stripped from them, and they stood wait- ing in waxen, statuesque stiffness. He saw then that three others lay prone before the stone altar, naked and ominously still.  And far down at the very end of the hall stood Leon Corio, draped in a hood- ed cape of unbroken black, a glint of sil- ver in his hand--his horn of drugging sounds.  Now, as though at a silent command, a girl left the group and began to mount the stairs, as those motionless three must have mounted! Vivacious Ann--she had been the life of Cliff's yacht party; but now she was--changed. Her blanched face was rigid with inexpressible terror despite the semi-stupor which numbed her senses. Her nude body glowed like