560 WEIRD TALES    he did cook is a mystery to me. And yet I never saw him stagger greatly, and his speech, though thick, was al- ways rational.  "Through that time the jug remained in the woodbox in his living-room. Every time I came into his house I looked at it, but it always appeared pretty inanimate to me. I mentioned this several times.  "'He's gone back to sleep,' Fother- gill, on these occasions, told me impa- tiently. 'The only thing that really seems to wake him up is a good scorch- ing. Then he jigs around for five or six hours before he quiets down. I've been leaving him alone.'  "'You'd better leave him alone for good,' I suggested. "You'd better bury him out in the lot and forget about him.'  "'Yes, I guess I'll do just that,' Fothergill assented. But the days passed, and the jug still remained where it was.   THEN one day--it was the tenth of August--he abruptly announced that he'd decided to return immediately to England. 'If I stay around here any longer I'll degenerate into a common drunkard,' he told me, and I agreed with him. 'Now, look,' he proposed, 'I'm sailing at midnight on the twelfth. I've a case of champagne home--no bootleg stuff; you come over around seven tomorrow night and we'll have a real bang-up farewell party.'  "I accepted, with genuine pleasure and considerable relief. I couldn't re- sist asking him, though, 'What are you going to do with that jug of yours?'   "He laughed. 'I've already dug a six-foot hole out behind the barn, and tomorrow morning I'm going to plant the damned thing and forget about it.'   "After a little while he went home.     "I never saw him alive again. . . .  "I puttered around until after mid- night that night, and after I finally did get to bed I slept like a log. It seemed as though I'd only been asleep an in- stant when the telephone's ringing woke me. I switched on the bed-lamp and looked at the clock. It was almost half- past two. I came wide awake at once; I was certain that it was New York calling.  "But it wasn't New York; it was Fothergill, drunker than a lord, so drunk that his voice kept alternately roaring in my ears and then fading away as he fumbled with the tele- phone. He was in a mood of crazy exuberance.  "'Hups!--you old sawbones!' he bellowed--'did I wake y'up? Shorry-- Hip !--Hip !--get your clothes on an' come over an' see th' show! I've got ol' typhoon in his jug wired up-- urrupp!-- Pardon me--in the fire- place, an' I'm toastin' the livin' day- lights out of him! I'll show him who's king! Right now the plug's drippin' out of his jug like maple syrup out of a spigot!'  "'You crazy drunk!' I yelled into the phone--and I was so angry at him that I was practically inarticulate. 'You cut out your monkey business and get into bed before you have an embolism and maybe die right there!"   "The telephone was silent for a moment, and I could picture Fother- gill in my mind's eye--sitting swaying back and forth in his big chair before his fireplace (the fire blazing there be- fore his liquor-inflamed eyes) with the telephone held loosely in his fum- bling hands. Then he chuckled drunk- enly.  "'-drippin' out of his jug like --aahhnnnnn!'  "That sob--his sob--came totally