628 WEIRD TALES    garet's family were simple farmer folk of sterling worth. My father was a student of some means, who could af- ford to let the world go by.  On dark or stormy nights, sundown generally found me safe indoors for the night, spending the evening by the open fire. Moonlight nights I loved, and on nights when the moon was bright I often stayed at Margaret's house, tak- ing advantage of my freedom to wan- der home alone as late as midnight. Sometimes Margaret did this, too, staying late with me and going home without thought of fear; but I was the venturesome one, the one who loved to be abroad in the moonlight. . . .  Do horrors such as come to me march toward one from the hour of birth, so that every trait, every char- acteristic is inclined to meet them?  Up to my sixteenth birthday, my life had been like a placid stream. It had been without excitement, and almost without incident. Perhaps its very calm had made me ready for adven- ture.   ON MY sixteenth birthday, Margaret dined at my house and I supped with her. It was our idea of a cele- bration. It was October, and the night of the full moon. I did not start home until nearly midnight. I would not reach home until a little after that, but that would not matter, because my father would be asleep in bed, and, in any case, not worried about me or in- terested in the hour of my arrival. The bright colors of autumn leaves, strongely softened and dimmed in the moonlight, rose all around me. Single leaves drifted through the still air and fell at my feet. The moon had reached mid-heaven, and the sky was like pur- ple velvet.  I was happy. It was too beautiful      a night to go home. It was a night to enjoy to the fullest--to wander through, going over strange roads, going farther than I had ever gone. I threw out my arms in the moonlight, posing like a picture of a dancing girl which my father had--I had never seen a dan- cer!--and flitted down the road. As I reached the cross-road, the sound of our clock chiming midnight drifted to my ears, and I stopped.  A beautiful high-powered car stood just at the entrance to our road, its headlights off, its parking lights hardly noticeable in the brilliant moonlight.  I knew it was a fine car, because my father had one, and on rare occasions the fit took him to drive it. When he drove it I went with him, and I noticed cars, for I loved them. I loved their strength and speed, and their fine lines. I loved to rush through the air in my father's car, and was never happier than when I could coax him to drive the twenty miles to the state road, and go fast on the perfect paving. But aside from my father's car, I had never seen a good one on these little back country roads.  I stopped, although I knew I ought to go on. And as I stopped just short of the cross-road, the big car glided softly forward a few feet until it stopped, blocking the road to my father's house. My father's motor was a silent one; but this car actually moved without the slightest sound.  Until now I had not seen the driver. Now I looked at him.  His face was shadowy in the moon- light. Perhaps it did not catch the di- rect light. There was a suggestion of strong, very sharply cut features, of a smile and a deep-set gaze. . . .  My pen shakes until I can hardly write the words. But I heard the doc- tor say today that I had nearly reached