340 WEIRD TALES constable accuses Wills, as the only per- son able to escape the manacles which confined everyone in the room. A mob gathers to lynch the supposed murderer, and he manages to escape from a cell, fleeing for shelter to a grove on the edge of town. This is called the Devil's Croft, and custom and local law forbid anyone to enter it. Once inside, he finds, though a blizzard rages without, the grove is as warm and green as the tropics. In its depths he en- counters and fights with the same beast- shape that killed John Gird. By a lucky blow he stuns it, and is horrified to see it turning gradually human. He flees from the grove and meets Judge Keith Pursui- vant, a scholarly recluse, who shelters him and shows him, by logic and by quotation of distinguished authorities, that a were- wolf can be explained by the spiritist the- ory of ectoplasmic materialization. The following day Judge Pursuivant goes to town to observe conditions, and sends Susan Gird to his home to talk to Wills. The two are beginning to be drawn to each other, though in Wills' mind lingers the possibility that Susan Gird may have a complex personality that sometimes materializes the beast-thing. Returning from town, the judge tells them that the mysterious monster, appar- ently still in the forbidden grove, has claimed another victim. The story continues: 11. "To Meet that Monster Face to Face!" I think that both Susan and I fairly reeled before this news, like actors registering surprize in an old-fashioned melodrama. As for Judge Pursuivant, he turned to the table, cut a generous wedge of the meat pie and set it, all savory and steaming, on a plate for himself. His calm zest for the good food gave us oth- ers steadiness again, so that we sat down and even ate a little as he described his day in town. He had found opportunity to talk to Susan in private, confiding in her about me and finally sending her to me; this, as he said, so that we would convince each other of our respective innocences. It was purely an inspiration, for he had had no idea, of course, that such convic- tion would turn out so final. Thereafter he made shift to enter the Gird house and talk to Doctor Zoberg. That worthy he found sitting somewhat limply in the parlor, with John Gird's coffin in the next room. Zoberg, the judge reported, was mystified about the murder and anxious to bring to justice the townsfolk -- there were more than one, it seemed -- who had beaten him. Most of all, however, he was concerned about the charges against me. "His greatest anxiety is to prove you innocent," Judge Pursuivant informed me. "He intends to bring the best lawyer possible for your defense, is willing even to assist in paying the fee. He also swears that character witnesses can be brought to testify that you are the most peaceable and law-abiding man in the country." "That's mighty decent of him," I said. "According to your reasoning of this morning, his attitude proves him inno- cent, too." "What reasoning was that?" asked Susan, and I was glad that the judge con- tinued without answering her. "I was glad that I had sent Miss Susan on. If your car had remained there, Mr. Wills, Doctor Zoberg might have driven off in it to rally your defenses." "Not if I know him," I objected. "The whole business, what of the mys- tery and occult significances, will hold him right on the spot. He's relentlessly