THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 139 cockpit, and as he scrambled to his feet the inspector cried, "Follow that boat that just went down-river. But no shooting!" With thunderous drumfire from its exhausts, the cutter jerked forward so rapidly that it almost threw them from their feet again. It shot out onto the bosom of the dark river that flowed like a black sea between the banks of scattered lights that were London. The moving lights of yachts and barges coming up-river could be seen gliding in that darkness. The captain of the cutter barked an order and one of his three men, the one crouched at the searchlight, switched its powerful beam out over the waters ahead. In a moment it picked up a distant gray spot racing eastward on the black river, leaving a white trail of foam. "There she is!" bawled the man at the searchlight. "She's running without lights!" "Keep her in the searchlight," ordered the captain. "Sound our siren, and give the cutter her head." Swaying, rocking, the cutter roared on through the darkness on the trail of that distant fleeing speck. As they raced down Blackwall Reach, the distance between the two craft had already begun to lessen. "We're overtaking him!" cried Camp- bell, clutching a stanchion and peering ahead against the rush of wind and spray. "He must be making for whatever spot it is in England that is the center of the Brotherhood of the Door--but he'll never reach it." "He said that within a few hours Ruth would go with the others through the Door!" cried Ennis, clinging beside him. "Campbell, we mustn't let them get away now!" Pursuers and pursued flashed on down the dark, broadening river, through mazes of shipping, the cutter hanging doggedly to the motor-boat's trail. The lights of London had dropped behind and those of Tilbury now gleamed away on their left. Bigger, stronger waves now tossed and pounded the cutter as it raced out of the river mouth toward the heaving black ex- panse of the sea. The Kent coast was a black blur on their right; the gray motor- boat followed it closely, grazing almost beneath the Sheemess lights. "He's heading to round North Fore- land and follow the coast south to Rams- gate or Dover," the cutter captain cried to Campbell. "But we'll catch him before he passes Margate." The quarry was now but a quarter- mile ahead. Steadily as they roared on- ward the gap narrowed, until in the glare of the searchlight they could make out every detail of the powerful gray motor- boat plunging through the tossing black waves. They saw Chandra Dass' dark face turn and look back at them, and the cutter cap- tain raised his speaking-trumpet to his lips and shouted over the roar of motors and dash of waves. "Stand by or we'll fire at you!" "He won't obey," muttered Campbell between his teeth. "He knows we daren't fire with the girl in the boat." "Yes, blast him!" exclaimed the cap- tain. "But we'll have him in a few minutes, anyway." The thundering chase had brought them into sight of the lights of Margate on the dark coast to their right. Now only a few hundred feet of black water separated them from the fleeing craft. Ennis and the inspector, gripping the stanchions of the rushing cutter, saw a white figure suddenly stand erect in the boat ahead and wave its arms to them. The gray motor-boat slowed. "It's Chandra Dass and he's signaling that he's giving up!" Ennis cried. "He's stopping!"