216 WEIRD TALES der the blaze of the green fire-jewels, on floors smoldering with the flames of hell and splashed with deeper crimson from severed veins. In that long butchery a whole generation had perished. Xotalanc was dead, long ago, slain in a grim bat- tle on an ivory stair. Tecuhltli was dead, flayed alive by the maddened Xotalancas who had captured him. Without emotion Olmec told of hid- eous battles fought in black corridors, of ambushes on twisting stairs, and red butcheries. With a redder, more abysmal gleam in his deep dark eyes he told of men and women flayed alive, mutilated and dismembered, of captives howling under tortures so ghastly that even the barbarous Cimmerian grunted. No won- der Techotl had trembled with the terror of capture. Yet he had gone forth to slay if he could, driven by hate that was stronger than his fear. Olmec spoke fur- ther, of dark and mysterious matters, of black magic and wizardry conjured out of the black night of the catacombs, of weird creatures invoked out of darkness for hor- rible allies. In these things the Xotalancas had the advantage, for it was in the east- ern catacombs where lay the bones of the greatest wizards of the ancient Xuchot- lans, with their immemorial secrets. Valeria listened with morbid fascina- tion. The feud had become a ter- rible elemental power driving the people of Xuchotl inexorably on to doom and ex- tinction. It filled their whole lives. They were born in it, and they expected to die in it. They never left their barricaded castle except to steal forth into the Halls of Silence that lay between the opposing fortresses, to slay and be slain. Sometimes the raiders returned with frantic captives, or with grim tokens of victory in fight. Sometimes they did not return at all, or returned only as severed limbs cast down before the bolted bronze doors. It was a ghastly, unreal nightmare existence these people lived, shut off from the rest of the world, caught together like rabid rats in the same trap, butchering one another through the years, crouching and creeping through the sunless corridors to maim and torture and murder. While Olmec talked, Valeria felt the blazing eyes of Tascela fixed upon her. The princess seemed not to hear what Ol- mec was saying. Her expression, as he narrated victories or defeats, did not mir- ror the wild rage or fiendish exultation that alternated on the faces of the other Tecuhltli. The feud that was an obsession to her clansmen seemed meaningless to her. Valeria found her indifferent cal- lousness more repugnant than Olmec's naked ferocity. "And we can never leave the city," said Olmec. "For fifty years no one has left it except those-" Again he checked himself. "Even without the peril of the drag- ons," he continued, "we who were bom and raised in the city would not dare leave it. We have never set foot outside the walls. We are not accustomed to the open sky and the naked sun. No; we were born in Xuchotl, and in Xuchotl we shall die." "Well," said Conan, "with your leave we'll take our chances with the dragons. This feud is none of our business. If you'll show us to the west gate we'll be on our way." Tascela's hands clenched, and she start- ed to speak, but Olmec interrupted her: "It is nearly nightfall. If you wander forth into the plain by night, you will cer- tainly fall prey to the dragons." "We crossed it last night, and slept in the open without seeing any," returned Conan. Tascela smiled mirthlessly. "You dare not leave Xuchotl!" Conan glared at her with instinctive an-