WEIRD TALES 245 hard to put into words. I daresay, if I had been one of the laborers, I should have been half-way to Christiansted through the estates, Mr. Lee, but I was not so frightened that I could not stand my ground. "AFTER I had recovered myself a lit- tle, and my scalp had ceased its prickling, and the chills were no longer running up and down my spine, I rose, and I felt extremely weary, Mr. Lee. It had been exhausting. I came into the house and drank a large tot of French brandy, and then I felt better, more like myself. I took my hurricane-lantern and lighted it, and stepped down the path toward the gate leading to the Kongens- gade. There was one thing I wished to see down there at the end of the garden. I wanted to see if the gate was fastened, Mr. Lee. It was. That huge iron staple that you noticed was in place. It has been used to fasten that old gate since some time in the Eighteenth Century, I imagine. I had not supposed anyone had opened the gate, Mr. Lee, but now I knew. There were no footprints in the gravel, Mr. Lee. I looked, carefully. The marks of the bush-broom where the house-boy had swept the path on his way back from closing the gate were undis- turbed, Mr. Lee. "I was satisfied, and no longer, even a little, frightened. I came back here and sat down, and thought about my long friendship with old Iversen. I felt very sad to know that I should not see him again alive. He would never stop here again afternoons for a swizzel and a chat. About 11 o'clock I went inside the house and was preparing for bed when the rap- ping came at the front door. You see, Mr. Lee, I knew at once what it would mean. "I went to the door, in shirt and trous- ers and stocking feet, carrying a lamp. World's Finest WEIRD FICTION THERE is an eery fascina-tion about tales of the su-pernatural, the unknown and the terrible, a fascination that grips the reader's imagination and sends shivers of apprehen-sion up his spine. WEIRD TALES magazine specializes in outre masterpieces of this kind and prints the best weird fiction in the world today--tales of strange monsters; creepy mys-tery stories; ghost-tales; shud-dery tales of eery horror; tales of devil-worship, witchcraft, vampires and werewolves; ori-entales of wild beauty; this mag-azine also prints the cream of the weird-scientific fiction that is written today--tales of the spaces between the worlds, sur-gical stories, and tales that scan the future with the eye of prophecy. You are assured of reading the best when you read-- WEIRD TALES The Unique Magazine