306 WEIRD TALES shone with a pale light of its own, so that I had no need of the electrics. A brief high note came from it again, keen with lonely longing, and somehow telling me not to be afraid. A being beyond conception, supernal! An exquisite rosy shell, floating upright, flushed with a living light. Its fluted spirals tapered to a point, below. Its gleaming lips, flared out like a vase of pearl, held the bust of an elfin woman. Maru--Mora! Her tiny shoulders were covered with a fine golden down. Her delicate head was--or seemed--the head of a pigmy queen. But the golden plates that crowned it, I knew, and the plumed scar- let crest above, were living part of her. Her small pointed face was whiter than alabaster, and imperial in its pride. Her eyes were huge, purple, limpid. They were round and sober with the innocence of a child's; they were inscrutable with ageless wisdom; they were dark wells of agony, ancient and ageless. Her lips were a tiny crimson wound. They were full, almost sensuous. They smiled at me, with a faint twist of malice. Maru-Mora. I knew that she was noth- ing human. Yet my fancy ever made her so, for eyes and lips and even the impu- dent flirt of her crimson plume held all the essence of humanity: wisdom and the vain yearning to forget, pride and bitter defeat, hot passion and long frustration, hope and despair, bright courage and con- suming fear, living joy and ultimate, in- finite agony. Against all that, it mattered not if she had a golden carapace instead of hair, if her great eyes were lidless, if her facial economy seemed to provide no nostrils. Bodily, she might have more in common with the mollusk than with man, but some chord in her spirit touched the hu- man, none the less. Altogether, elfin bust and pearly vase, she was less than four feet tall. And the flying shell, I knew, was as much a part of her, as much alive, as the shining crest or her purple eyes. I sat in the bed, staring at her, bewil- dered, incredulous. She should have been a dream. The fastened window--for the room was air-conditioned--had not been disturbed; the door was still locked. But here she was. And I was as wide awake as I had ever been. I heard the distant thunder of an elevated train. The red lips pouted, the keen voice came again, like a whistling, saying, as I sensed its wordless meaning: Do not be afraid. The shining being drifted a lit- tle toward my bed, settled toward me. Over the lip of the shell reached a slen- der arm, bright with golden fur. The hand that reached for me was tiny, infinitely delicate, seven-fingered. It was thumbless, the middle finger longest. The nails were narrow, pointed, crimson. For all its golden strangeness, it was beau- tiful, and, to me, a hand. The keen piping, so lonely, so sorrow- fully sweet, wailed again. I looked into the infinite wells of those purple eyes. And something made me put up my own big hand, grasp those tiny furry fingers. Instantly, incredibly, I was snatched out of my body. I know how utterly fantastic, impos- sible, that must seem. But I had an in- stant's impression of my body left behind in that dim room, sitting bolt-upright and motionless in the bed. Then we were plunging upward, outside, above the dark building and the restless city. Southward we soared--that shining being beside me, drawing me by the hand, for my form was still the same, even if my body lay behind--across slumbering continents and over dark whispering oceans. We swept into the frigid gray twilight that lay upon the polar lands. I recog-