THE DIARY OF ALONZO TYPER 163 ulchered I know not where--an ancient forgotten One Who will show me the gateway I would enter, and give me the lost signs and words I shall need. How long It has lain buried here, forgotten save by those who reared the stones on the hill, and by those who later sought out this place and built this house, I cannot conjecture. It was in search of this Thing, beyond question, that Hendrik van der Heyl came to New-Netherland in 1638. Men of this Earth know It not, save in the secret whispers of the fear-shaken few who have found or inherited the key. No human eye has even yet glimpsed It--un- less, perhaps, the vanished wizards of this house delved farther than has been guessed. With knowledge of the symbols came likewise a mastery of the Seven Lost Signs of Terror, and a tacit recognition of the hideous and unutterable Words of Fear. All that remains for me to accomplish is the Chant which will transfigure that For- gotten One Who is Guardian of the An- cient Gateway. I marvel much at the Chant. It is composed of strange and re- pellent gutturals and disturbing sibilants resembling no language I have ever en- countered, even in the blackest chapters of the Livre d'Eibon. When I visited the hill at sunset I tried to read it aloud, but evoked in response only a vague, sinister rumbling on the far horizon, and a thin cloud of elemental dust that writhed and whirled like some evil living thing. Per- haps I do not pronounce the alien syl- lables correctly, or perhaps it is only on the Sabbat--that hellish Sabbat for which the Powers in this house are without ques- tion holding me--that the great Trans- figuration can occur. Had an odd spell of fright this morn- ing. I thought for a moment that I re- called where I had seen that baffling name of Sleght before, and the prospect of real- ization filled me with unutterable horror. April 28 TODAY dark ominous clouds have hov- ered intermittently over the circle on the hill. I have noticed such clouds sev- eral times before, but their contours and arrangements now hold a fresh signifi- cance. They are snake-like and fantastic, and curiosly like the evil shadow-shapes I have seen in the house. They float in a circle around the primal cromlech, re- volving repeatedly as though endowed with a sinister life and purpose. I could swear that they give forth an angry mur- muring. After some fifteen minutes they sail slowly away, ever to the eastward, like the units of a straggling battalion. Are they indeed those dread Ones whom Solomon knew of old--those giant black beings whose number is legion and whose tread doth shake the earth? I have been rehearsing the Chant that will transfigure the Nameless Thing; yet strange fears assail me even when I utter the syllables under my breath. Piecing all evidence together, I have now discov- ered that the only way to It is through the locked cellar vault. That vault was built with a hellish purpose, and must cover the hidden burrow leading to the Imme- morial Lair. What guardians live end- lessly within, flourishing from century to century on an unknown nourishment, only the mad may conjecture. The war- locks of this house, who called them out of inner Earth, have known them only too well, as the shocking portraits and memo- ries of the place reveal. What troubles me most is the limited nature of the Chant. It evokes the Name- less One, yet provides no method for the control of That Which is evoked. There are, of course, the general signs and ges- tures, but whether they will prove effec- tive toward such an One remains to be seen. Still, the rewards are great enough to justify any danger, and I could not