THE GREAT KEINPLATZ EXPERIMENT 371    the hall between his dignified conduct and the levity of his professor, who dur- ing the above remarks was laughing heartily in a corner, by no means abashed at the failure of the experiment.  Now although all these learned men were filing out of the lecture-room under the impression that they had seen nothing of note, as a matter of fact one of the most wonderful things in the whole his- tory of the world had just occurred before their very eyes. Professor von Baumgar- ten had been so far correct in his theory that both his spirit and that of his pupil had been for a time absent from his body. But here a strange and unforeseen com- plication had occurred. In their return the spirit of Fritz von Hartmann had en- tered into the body of Alexis von Baum- garten, and that of Alexis von Baumgar- ten had taken up its abode in the frame of Fritz von Hartmann. Hence the slang and scurrility which issued from the lips of the serious professor, and hence also the weighty words and grave statements which fell from the careless student. It was an unprecedented event, yet no one knew of it, least of all those whom it con- cerned.   THE body of the professor, feeling conscious suddenly of a great dryness about the back of the throat, sallied out into the street, still chuckling to himself over the result of the experiment, for the soul of Fritz within was reckless at the thought of the bride whom he had won so easily. His first impulse was to go up to the house and see her, but on second thoughts he came to the conclusion that it would be best to stay until Madam Baumgarten should be informed by her husband of the agreement which had been made. He therefore made his way down to the Gruner Mann, which was one of the favorite trysting-places of the wilder students, and ran, boisterously      waving his cane in the air, into the little parlor, where sat Spiegler and Muller, and half a dozen other boon companions.  "Ha, ha! my boys," he shouted. "I knew I should find you here. Drink up, every one of you, and call for what you like; I'm going to stand treat today."  Had the green man who is depicted upon the sign-post of that well-known inn suddenly marched into the room and called for a bottle of wine, the students could not have been more amazed than they were by this unexpected entry of their revered professor. They were so astonished that for a minute or two they glared at him in utter bewilderment with- out being able to make any reply to his hearty invitation.  "Donner und Blitzen!" shouted the professor, angrily. "What the deuce is the matter with you, then? You sit there like a set of stuck pigs staring at me. What is it, then?"  "It is the unexpected honor," stam- mered Spiegel, who was in the chair.  "Honor--rubbish!" said the professor, testily. "Do you think that just because I happen to have been exhibiting mes- merism to a parcel of old fossils, I am therefore too proud to associate with dear old friends like you? Come out of that chair, Spiegel, my boy, for I shall preside now. Beer, or wine, or schnapps, my lads --call for what you like, and put it all down to me."  Never was there such an afternoon in the Gruner Mann. The foaming flagons of lager and the green-necked bottle of Rhenish circulated merrily. By degrees the students lost their shyness in the pres- ence of their professor. As for him, he shouted, he sang, he roared, he balanced a long tobacco-pipe upon his nose, and offered to run a hundred yards against any member of the company. The kellner and the bar-maid whispered to each other outside the door their astonishment at