THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 133 there again in disguise, and have men ready to raid the place. If Chandra Dass has your wife there, we'll get her before he can get her away. Whatever way it turns out, we'll let you know at once." "Like hell you will!" exploded the pale young Ennis. "Do you think I'm going to twiddle my thumbs while you're down there? I'm going with you. And if you refuse to let me, by heaven I'll go there myself!" Inspector Pierce Campbell gave the haggard, fiercely determined face of the young man a long look, and then his own colorless countenance seemed to soften a little. "All right," he said quietly. "I can disguise you so you'll not be recognized. But you'll have to follow my orders ex- actly, or death will result for both of us." That strange, hooded dread flickered again in his eyes, as though he saw through shrouding mists the outline of dim horror. "It may be," he added slowly, "that something worse even than death awaits those who try to oppose the Brotherhood of the Door--something that would ex- plain the unearthly, superhuman dread that enwraps the secret mysteries of the order. We're taking more than our lives in our hands, I think, in trying to unveil those mysteries, to regain your wife. But we've got to act quickly, at all costs. We've got to find her before the great gathering of the Brotherhood takes place, or we'll never find her." Two hours before midnight found Campbell and Ennis passing along a cobble-paved waterfront street north of the great East India Docks. Big ware- houses towered black and silent in the darkness on one side, and on the other were old, rotting docks beyond which Ennis glimpsed the black water and glid- ing lights of the river. As they straggled beneath the infre- quent lights of the ill-lit street, they were utterly changed in appearance. Inspector Campbell, dressed in a shabby suit and rusty bowler, his dirty white shirt inno- cent of tie, had acquired a new face, a bright red, oily, eager one, and a high, squeaky voice. Ennis wore a rough blue seaman's jacket and a vizored cap pulled down over his head. His unshaven-look- ing face and subtly altered features made him seem a half-intoxicated seaman off his ship, as he stumbled unsteadily along. Campbell clung to him in true land-shark fashion, plucking his arm and talking wheedlingiy to him. They came into a more populous sec- tion of the evil old waterfront street, and passed fried-fish shops giving off the strong smell of hot fat, and the dirty, lighted windows of a half-dozen water- front saloons, loud with sordid argu- ment or merriment. Campbell led past them until they reached one built upon an abandoned, moldering pier, a ramshackle frame struc- ture extending some distance back out on the pier. Its window was curtained, but dull red light glowed through the glass window of the door. A few shabby men were lounging in front of the place but Campbell paid them no attention, tugging Ennis inside by the arm. "Carm on in!" he wheedled shrilly. "The night ain't 'alf over yet--we'll 'ave just one more." "Don't want any more," muttered En- nis drunkenly, swaying on his feet in- side. "Get away, you damned old shark." Yet he suffered himself to be led by Campbell to a table, where he slumped heavily into a chair. His stare swung va- cantly. The cafe of Chandra Dass was a red- lit, smoke-filled cave with cheap black curtains on the walls and windows, and