350 WEIRD TALES arms shot around a lean, hairy middle with powerful muscles straining under its skin, and I drove my other fist for where I judged the pit of the stomach to be. Grappled, we fell and rolled over. The beast smell I remembered was all about us, and I knew that jaws were shov- ing once again at my throat. I jammed my forearm between them, so far into the hinge of them that they could not close nor crush. My other hand clutched the skin of the throat, a great loose fistful, drew it taut and began to twist with all my strength. I heard a half-broken yelp of strangled pain, felt a slackening of the body that struggled against me, knew that it was trying to get away. But I man- aged to roll on top, straddling the thing. "You're not so good on defense," I panted, and brought my other hand to the throat, for I had no other idea save to kill. Paws grasped and tore at my wrists. There was shouting at my back, in Susan's voice and several others. Hands caught me by the shoulders and tried to pull me up and away. "No!" I cried. "This is it, the were- wolf!" "It's Doctor Zoberg, you idiot," growled O'Bryant in my ear. "Come on, let him up." "Yes," added Judge Pursuivant, "it's Doctor Zoberg, as you say; but a moment ago it was the monster we have been hunting." I had been dragged upright by now, and so had Zoberg. He could only choke and glare for the time being, his fingers to his half-crushed throat. Pursuivant had moved within clutching distance of him, and was eyeing him as a cat eyes a mouse. "Like Wills, I only pretended to search, then doubled back to watch," went on the judge. "I saw Zoberg and Miss Susan talking. He spoke quietly, rhythmically, commandingly. She went into half a trance, and I knew she was hypnotized. "As the fire died down, he began the change. Ectoplasm gushed out and over him. Before it took form, he began to smear some upon her. And Mr. Wills here came out of the woods and at him." O'Bryant looked from the judge to Zoberg. Then he fumbled with his un- damaged hand in a hip pocket, produced handcuffs and stepped forward. The ac- cused man grinned through his beard, as if admitting defeat in some trifling game. Then he held out his wrists with an air of resignation and I, who had manacled them once, wondered again at their cord- ed strength. The irons clicked shut upon one, then the other. "You know everything now," said Zo- berg, in a soft voice but a steady one. "I was--I am--a wolf; a wolf who hoped to mate with an angel." His bright eyes rested upon Susan, who shrank back. Judge Pursuivant took a step toward the prisoner. "There is no need for you to insult her," he said. Zoberg grinned at him, with every long tooth agleam. "Do you want to hear my confession, or don't you?" "Sure we want to hear it," grunted O'Bryant. "Leave him alone, judge, and let him talk." He glanced at me. "Got any paper, Mr. Wills? Somebody better take this down in writing." I produced a wad of note-paper and a stub pencil. Placing it upon my knee, with the lantern for light, I scribbled, al- most word for word, the tale that Doctor Zoberg told. 15. "And That Is the End." "PERHAPS I was born what I am," he Abegan. "At least, even as a lad I knew that there was a lust and a power for evil within me. Night called to me,