  96 WEIRD TALES   ding my reluctant body into wakefulness. "Ever see anything like it?"  I glanced up at the screen. What I expected to find I do not know, but I saw--horror.  There was a country graveyard, shad- owed by ancient trees through which flick- ered rays of mildewed moonlight. It was an old graveyard, with rotting headstones set in grotesque angles as they leered up at the midnight sky.  The camera cut down on one grave, a fresh one. The music on the sound- track grew louder, in cursed climax. But I forgot camera and film as I watched. That grave was reality--hideous reality.  The grave was moving!  The earth beside the headstone was heaving and churning, as though it were being dug out. Not from above, but from below. It quaked upward ever so slowly; terribly. Little clods fell. The sod pulsed out in a steady stream and little rills of earth kept falling in the moonlight as though there were some- thing clawing the dirt away . . . some- thing clawing from beneath.  That something--it would soon ap- pear. And I began to be afraid. I--I didn't want to see what it was. The clawing from below was not natural; it held a purpose not altogether human.  Yet I had to look. I had to see him --it--emerge. The sod cascaded in a mound, and then I was staring at the edge of the grave, looking down at the black hole that gaped like a corpse-mouth in the moonlight. Something was com- ing out.  Something slithered through that fis- sure, fumbled at the side of the opening. It clutched the ground above the grave, and in the baleful beams of that demon's moon I knew it to be a human hand. A thin, white human hand that held but half its flesh. The hand of a lich, a skeleton claw. . . .     A second talon gripped the other side of the excavation top. And now, slowly, insidiously, arms emerged. Naked, flesh- less arms.  They crawled across the earth-sides like leprous white serpents. The arms of a cadaver, a rising cadaver. It was pulling itself up. And as it emerged, a cloud fell across the moon-path. The light faded to shadows as the bulky head and shoul- ders came into view. One could see noth- ing, and one was thankful.  But the cloud was falling away from the moon now. In a second the face would be revealed. The face of the thing from the grave, the resurrected visage of that which should be rotted in death-- what would it be?  The shadows fell back. A figure rose out of the grave, and the face turned to- ward me. I looked and saw--  Well, you've been to "horror pictures." You know what one usually sees. The "ape-man," or the "maniac" or the "death's-head." The papier-maché gro- tesquerie of the make-up artist. The "skull" of the dead.  I saw none of that. Instead, diere was horror. It was the face of a child, I thought, at first; no, not a child, but a man with a child's soul. The face of a poet, perhaps, unwrinkled and calm. Long hair framed a high forehead; cres- cent eyebrows tilted over closed lids. The nose and mouth were thin and finely chis- eled. Over the entire countenance was written an unearthly peace. It was as though the man were in a sleep of som- nambulism or catalepsy. And then the face grew larger, the moonlight brighter, and I saw--more.  The sharper light disclosed tiny touches of evil. The thin lips were fretted, mag- got-kissed. The nose had crumbled at the nostrils. The forehead was flaked with putrefaction, and the dark hair was dead, encrusted with slime. There were shad-   W. T.--6  