244 WEIRD TALES Lee, I had received Iversen's warning less than an hour before. "I had been sitting out here on the gallery until 10 o'clock or so. I was in that very chair you are occupying. Iver- sen had been having a heart attack. I had been to see him that afternoon. He looked just as he always did when he was recovering from an attack. In fact he in- tended to return to his office the follow- ing morning. Neither of us, I am sure, had given a thought to the possibility of a sudden sinking spell. We had not even referred to our agreement. "Well, it was about 10, as I've said, when all of a sudden I heard Iversen com- ing along through the yard below there, toward the house along that gravel path. He had, apparently, come through the gate from the Kongensgade--the King Street, as they call it nowadays--and I could hear his heavy step on the gravel very plainly. He had a slight limp. 'Heavy-crunch--light-crunch; heavy- crunch--light-crunch; plod-plod--plod- plod; old Iversen to the life; there was no mistaking his step. There was no moon that night. The half of a waning moon was due to show itself an hour and a half later, but just then it was virtually pitch- black down there in the garden. "I got up out of my chair and walked over to the top of the steps. To tell you the truth, Mr. Lee, I rather suspected--I have a kind of aptitude for that sort of thing--that it was not Iversen himself; how shall I express it? I had the idea, from somewhere inside me, that it was Iversen trying to keep our agreement. My instinct assured me that he had just died. I can not tell you how I knew it, but such was the case, Mr. Lee. "So I waited, over there just behind you, at the top of the steps. The footfalls came along steadily. At the foot of the steps, out of the shadow of the hibiscus bushes, it was a trifle less black than far- ther down the path. There was a faint illumination, too, from a lamp inside the house. I knew that if it were Iversen, himself, I should be able to see him when the footsteps passed out of the deep shad- ow of the bushes. I did not speak. "The footfalls came along toward that point, and passed it. I strained my eyes through the gloom, and I could see noth- ing. Then I knew, Mr. Lee, that Iversen had died, and that he was keeping his agreement. "I came back here and sat down in my chair, and waited. The footfalls began to come up the steps. They came along the floor of the gallery, straight toward me. They stopped here, Mr. Lee, just beside me. I could feel Iversen standing here, Mr. Lee." Mr. Da Silva pointed to the floor with his slim, rather elegant hand. "Suddenly, in the dead quiet, I could feel my hair stand up all over my scalp, straight and stiff. The chills started to run down my back, and up again, Mr. Lee. I shook like a man with the ague, sitting here in my chair. "I said: 'Iversen, I understand! Iver- sen, I'm afraid!' My teeth were chatter- ing like castanets, Mr. Lee. I said: 'Iver- sen, please go! You have kept the agree- ment. I am sorry I am afraid, Iversen. The flesh is weak. I am not afraid of you, Iversen, old friend. But you will understand, man. It's not ordinary fear. My intellect is all right, Iversen, but I'm badly panic-stricken, so please go. my friend.' "There had been silence, Mr. Lee, as I said, before I began to speak to Iversen, for the footsteps had stopped here beside me. But when I said that, and asked my friend to go, I could feel that he went at once, and I knew that he had understood how I meant it. It was, suddenly, Mr. Lee, as though there had never been any footsteps, if you see what I mean. It is