THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 341 curious and, despite his temporary col- lapse, he's no coward." "I agree with that," chimed in Susan. As for my pursuers of the previous night, the judge went on, they had been roaming the snow-covered streets in twos and threes, heavily armed for the most part and still determined to punish me for killing their neighbor. The council was too frightened or too perplexed to deal with the situation, and the constable was still in bed, with his brother assum- ing authority, when Judge Pursuivant made his inquiries. The judge went to see the wounded man, who very pluckily determined to rise and take up his duties again. "I'll arrest the man who plugged me," O'Bryant had promised grimly, "and that kid brother of mine can quit playing policeman." The judge applauded these sentiments, and brought him hot food and whisky, which further braced his spirits. In the evening came the invasion by the younger O'Bryant of the Devil's Croft, and his resultant death at the claws and teeth of what prowled there. "His throat was so torn open and filled with blood that he could not speak," the judge concluded, "but he pointed back into the timber, and then tried to trace something in the snow with his finger. It looked like a wolf's head, with pointed nose and ears. He died before he finished." "You saw him come out?" I asked. "No. I'd gone back to town, but later I saw the body, and the sketch in the snow." He finished his dinner and pushed back his chair. "Now," he said heartily, "it's up to us." "Up to us to do what?" I inquired. "To meet that monster face to face," he replied. "There are three of us and, so far as I can ascertain, but one of the enemy." Both Susan and I started to speak, but he held up his hand, smiling. "I know without being reminded that the odds are still against us, because the one enemy is fierce and blood-drinking, and can change shape and character. Maybe it can project itself to a distance--which makes it all the harder, both for us to face it and for us to get help." "I know what you mean by that last," I nodded gloomily. "If there were ten thousand friendly constables in the neigh- borhood, instead of a single hostile one, they wouldn't believe us." "Right," agreed Judge Pursuivant "We're like the group of perplexed mor- tals in Dracula, who had only their own wits and weapons against a monster no more forbidding than ours." IT IS hard to show clearly how his con- stant offering of parallels and rational- izations comforted us. Only the unknown and unknowable can terrify completely. We three were even cheerful over a bot- tle of wine that William fetched and poured out in three glasses. Judge Pur- suivant gave us a toast--"May wolves go hungry!"--and Susan and I drank it gladly. "Don't forget what's on our side," said the judge, putting down his glass. "I mean the stedfast and courageous heart, of which I preached to Wills last night, and which we can summon from within us any time and anywhere. The werewolf, dauntlessly faced, loses its dread; and I think we are the ones to face it. Now we're ready for action." I said that I would welcome any kind of action whatsoever, and Susan touched my arm as if in endorsement of the re- mark. Judge Pursuivant's spectacles glit- tered in approval. "You two will go into the Devil's Croft," he announced. "I'm going back to town once more."