  6 WEIRD TALES    race alien to him. The gray-clad man went on hurriedly, as though sensing the trend of Elak's thoughts. "We have driven a passage under Zend's palace. We can break through at any time; that we shall do tonight. Two tasks I give you: kill Zend; shatter the red sphere."   Elak said, "You're cryptic. What red sphere?"  "It lies in the topmost minaret of his palace. His magic comes from it. There is rich loot in the palace, Elak--if that's your name. So the little man called you."   "Elak or dunce or robber of drunken men," Lycon said, absently feeling the bosom of his tunic. "All alike. Call him by any of those names and you'll be right. Where is my gold, Elak?"  But without waiting for an answer he slumped down in his chair, his eyes clos- ing and his mouth dropping open as he snored. Presently he fell off the chair and rolled under the table, where he slumbered.  "What the devil can I do with him?" Elak asked. "I can't take him with me. He'd--"  "Leave him here." Gesti said.  Elak's cold eyes probed the other. "He'll be safe?"  "Quite safe. None in San-Mu but our band knows of this underground way."   "What band is that?" Elak asked.  Gesti said nothing for a time. Then his soft voice whispered, "Need you know? A political group banded together to overthrow the king of San-Mu, and Zend, from whom he gets his power. Have you more--questions?"  "No."  "Then follow."  Gesti led Elak to one of the oaken doors; it swung open, and they moved forward up a winding passage. In the dark Elak stumbled over a step. He felt the cloth of Gesti's garment touch his      hand, and gripped it. In the blackness they ascended a staircase cut out of the rock.  Half-way up, Gesti paused. "I can go no further," he whispered. "The way is straight. At the end of the stairway there is a trap-door of stone. Open it. You'll be in Zend's place. Here is a weapon for you." He thrust a tube of cold metal into Elak's hand. "Simply squeeze its sides, pointing the smaller end at Zend. You understand?"  Elak nodded, and, although Gesti could scarcely have seen the movement in the darkness, he whispered, "Good. Da- gon guard you!"  He turned away; Elak heard the soft rush of his descent dying in the distance. He began to mount the stairs, wonder- ingly. Dagon--was Gesti a worshipper of the forbidden evil god of ocean? Po- seidon, a benignant sea-god, was adored in marble temples all over the land, but the dark worship of Dagon had been banned for generations. There were tales of another race whose god Dagon was-- a race that had not sprung from human or even earthly loins. . . .   GRIPPING the odd weapon, Elak felt his way upward. At length his head banged painfully against stone, and, curs- ing softly, he felt about in the darkness. It was the trap-door of which Gesti had spoken. Two bolts slid back in well-oiled grooves. And the door lifted easily as Elak thrust his shoulders against it.  He clambered up in semi-darkness, finding himself in a small bare room through which light filtered from a nar- row window-slit high in the wall. A mouse, squeaking fearfully, fled as he scrambled to his feet. Apparently the room was little used. Elak moved stealth- ily to the door.  It swung open a little under his cau-    