The Hairy Ones Shall Dance By GANS T. FIELD A novel of a hideous, stark horror that struck during a spirit séance-a tale of terror and sudden death, and the frightful thing that laired in the Devil's Croft The Story Thus Far TALBOT WILLS, the narrator, has given up a career as a stage magi- cian to study psychic phenomena. Though a skeptic, he is on good terms with Doctor Otto Zoberg, a lecturing ex- pert on spiritism and other occult sub- jects. Zoberg, seeking to convert him, takes him to an isolated hamlet where a spirit medium of unusual powers is lo- cated. Wills finds the medium an attractive young woman, Susan Gird. A séance is held in the Gird home, where, though all are handcuffed, a strange wolf-like shape moves in the dark. When Susan Gird's father cries out some sort of accusation, the shape springs upon him and rends him to death. The town constable comes to investigate and, inasmuch as Wills is a magician and escape artist, accuses him of the murder. Wills is confined in a cell. When an angry mob gathers to lynch him, he breaks out, flees through the town and across a snow-covered field toward the Devil's Croft, a mysterious grove which by custom is never entered by the towns- people. As he enters it, he falls, ex- hausted. Lying thus, he realizes that, though a blizzard is raging outside the grove, inside are leaves, moss, flowers and grass, and that the air is as warm as though it were midsummer. The story continues: 6. "Eyes of Fire!" IT PROVES something for human habit and narcotic-dependence that my first action upon rising was to pull out a cig- arette and light it. The match flared briefly upon rich greenness. I might have been in a sub- tropical swamp. Then the little flame winked out and the only glow was the tip of my cigarette. I gazed upward for a glimpse of the sky, but found only darkness. Leafy branches made a roof over me. My brow felt damp. It was sweat--warm sweat. I held the coal of the cigarette to my wrist-watch. It seemed to have stopped, and I lifted it to my ear. No ticking-- undoubtedly I had jammed it into silence, perhaps at the séance, perhaps during my escape from prison and the mob. The hands pointed to eighteen minutes past eight, and it was certainly much later than that. I wished for the electric torch that I had dropped in the dining-room at Gird's, then was glad I had not brought it to flash my position to possible watchers outside the grove. Yet the tight cedar hedge and the in- ner belts of trees and bushes, richly foli- aged as they must be, would certainly hide me and any light I might make. I felt considerably stronger in body and will by now, and made shift to walk gropingly toward the center of the tim- ber-clump. Once, stooping to finger the ground on which I walked, I felt not only 212 This story began in WEIRD TALES for January.