348 WEIRD TALES    men. That's one thing that has reduced the clan to its present state. She will draw the essence of Valeria's life into her own body, and bloom with fresh vigor and beauty."  "Are the doors locked?" asked Conan, thumbing his sword edge.  "Aye! But I know a way to get into Tecuhltli. Only Tascela and I know, and she thinks me helpless and you slain. Free me and I swear I will help you res- cue Valeria. Without my help you can- not win into Techultli; for even if you tortured me into revealing the secret, you couldn't work it. Let me go, and we will steal on Tascela and kill her before she can work magic--before she can fix her eyes on us. A knife thrown from behind will do the work. I should have killed her thus long ago, but I feared that with- out her to aid us the Xotalancas would overcome us. She needed my help, too; that's the only reason she let me live this long. Now neither needs the other, and one must die. I swear that when we have slain the witch, you and Valeria shall go free without harm. My people will obey me when Tascela is dead."   Conan stooped and cut the ropes that held the prince, and Olmec slid cautious- ly from under the great ball and rose, shaking his head like a bull and mutter- ing imprecations as he fingered his lac- erated scalp. Standing shoulder to shoul- der the two men presented a formidable picture of primitive power. Olmec was as tall as Conan, and heavier; but there was something repellent about the Tla- zitlan, something abysmal and monstrous that contrasted unfavorably with the clean-cut, compact hardness of the Cim- merian. Conan had discarded the rem- nants of his tattered, blood-soaked shirt, and stood with his remarkable muscular development impressively revealed. His great shoulders were as broad as those of Olmec, and more cleanly outlined, and      his huge breast arched with a more im- pressive sweep to a hard waist that lacked the paunchy thickness of Olmec's midsection. He might have been an im- age of primal strength cut out of bronze. Olmec was darker, but not from the burning of the sun. If Conan was a fig- ure out of the dawn of Time, Olmec was a shambling, somber shape from the darkness of Time's pre-dawn.  "Lead on," demanded Conan. "And keep ahead of me. I don't trust you any farther than I can throw a bull by the tail."  Olmec turned and stalked on ahead of him, one hand twitching slightly as it plucked at his matted beard.   OLMEC did not lead Conan back to the bronze door, which the prince naturally supposed Tascela had locked, but to a certain chamber on the border of Tecuhltli.  "This secret has been guarded for half a century," he said. "Not even our own clan knew of it, and the Xotalancas never learned. Tecuhltli himself built this se- cret entrance, afterward slaying the slaves who did the work; for he feared that he might find himself locked out of his own kingdom some day because of the spite of Tascela, whose passion for him soon changed to hate. But she discovered the secret, and barred the hidden door against him one day as he fled back from an un- successful raid, and the Xotalancas took him and flayed him. But once, spying upon her, I saw her enter Tecuhltli by this route, and so learned the secret."  He pressed upon a gold ornament in the wall, and a panel swung inward, dis- closing an ivory stair leading upward.   "This stair is built within the wall," said Olmec. "It leads up to a tower upon the roof, and thence other stairs wind down to the various chambers. Hasten!"   "After you, comrade!" retorted Conan