340 WEIRD TALES    what Topal was staring at, and he felt a faint twitching of the skin between his giant shoulders. A monstrous head pro- truded from behind the divan, a reptilian head, broad as the head of a crocodile, with down-curving fangs that projected over the lower jaw. But there was an un- natural limpness about the thing, and the hideous eyes were glazed.  Conan peered behind the couch. It was a great serpent which lay there limp in death, but such a serpent as he had never seen in his wanderings. The reek and chill of the deep black earth were about it, and its color was an indetermi- nable hue which changed with each new angle from which he surveyed it. A great wound in the neck showed what had caused its death.  "It is the Crawler!" whispered Yanath.  "It's the thing I slashed on the stair," grunted Conan. "After it trailed us to the Eagle Door, it dragged itself here to die. How could the Xotalancas control such a brute?"  The Tecuhltli shivered and shook their heads.  "They brought it up from the black tunnels below the catacombs. They dis- covered secrets unknown to Tecuhltli."  "Well, it's dead, and if they'd had any more of them, they'd have brought them along when they came to Tecuhltli. Come on."  They crowded close at his heels as he strode down the hall and thrust on the silver-worked door at the other end.  "If we don't find anybody on this floor," he said, "we'll descend into the lower floors. We'll explore Xotalanc from the roof to the catacombs. If Xota- lanc is like Tecuhltli, all the rooms and halls in this tier will be lighted--what the devil!"  They had come into the broad throne- chamber, so similar to that one in Te- cuhltli. There were the same jade dais      and ivory seat, the same divans, rugs and hangings on the walls. No black, red- scarred column stood behind the throne- dais, but evidences of the grim feud were not lacking.  Ranged along the wall behind the dais were rows of glass-covered shelves. And on those shelves hundreds of human heads, perfectly preserved, stared at the startled watchers with emotionless eyes, as they had stared for only the gods knew how many months and years.   TOPAL muttered a curse, but Yanath stood silent, the mad light growing in his wide eyes. Conan frowned, know- ing that Tlazitlan sanity was hung on a hair-trigger.  Suddenly Yanath pointed to the ghastly relics with a twitching finger.  "There is my brother's head!" he mur- mured. "And there is my father's younger brother! And there beyond them is my; sister's eldest son!"  Suddenly he began to weep, dry-eyed, with harsh, loud sobs that shook his frame. He did not take his eyes from the heads. His sobs grew shriller, changed to frightful, high-pitched laughter, and that in turn became an unbearable screaming. Yanath was stark mad.  Conan laid a hand on his shoulder, and as if the touch had released all the frenzy in his soul, Yanath screamed and whirled, striking at the Cimmerian with his sword. Conan parried the blow, and Topal tried to catch Yanath's arm. But the madman avoided him and with froth flying from his lips, he drove his sword deep into Topal's body. Topal sank down with a groan, and Yanath whirled for an instant like a crazy dervish; then he ran at the shelves and began hacking at the glass with his sword, screeching blasphemously.  Conan sprang at him from behind, try- ing to catch him unaware and disarm him, but the madman wheeled and lunged at