  126 WEIRD TALES    His drawing to the last episode of the fore- going, very reminiscent of The Faceless God, was superb."   Just Too Scary!  Margaret Warren writes from Columbus, Ohio: "Pigeons from Hell was just too scary, and me alone in a big house when I read it, and it raining too. I walked every stair with Griswell, and all night I heard steps in the hall and on the stairs--me that is not afraid of anything, or I always said I wasn't, but I should have read it on a bright sunshiny day. Virgil's drawing for it! Those three awful things hanging! And that awful old crone sitting there breathing evil as old as the world. I wonder what a person would do if confronted with some- thing like that. I'll tell the world I wouldn't ever go back in that house. But men are supposed to have more courage than we weaker females, ha! While I think of it I must not forget Roads. Ah! Quinn, you have indeed given us a masterpiece. That was the loveliest thing I ever read. That's all I can say. Imagine some people saying it shouldn't have been in Weird Tales. One is so fortunate to be able to read that story anywhere, any place. It in a way reminds me of Child of the Winds--it had that same tender love and genius; a man only writes one such story in his life, and Quinn, bless your heart, you gave us Roads. But then he always has been my favorite. May he live for ever!--well, anyway, as long as I do."   A Gifted Writer  Hazel Portelli writes from Detroit: "This present issue of WEIRD TALES is up to its usual standard, which is the peak of per- fection. So long as Seabury Quinn is a regu- lar contributor I will keep on reading, and his story, The Temple Dancer, is grand. The Devil Deals by Carl Jacobi is unique, and almost possible. However, the story that re- mained in my mind is Roads by Seabury Quinn in the January issue. My sincerest congratulations and thanks to that gifted writer."   Really Swell  Clifton Hall writes from Los Angeles: "Congratulations on the best number since December. The April WT was really swell. In an issue like this one it's always difficult to pick the best stories, but after some re-      flection I'll select the second installment of that magnificent serial by Jack Williamson, Dreadful Sleep. It's totally different from anything I recall having read before in our magazine. It takes a master to make the dreary ice-wastes of the south pole seem weird. Next comes Forest of Evil, by John Murray Reynolds, who should be heard from more often. Although not so weird as some others, this was an enthralling adven- ture yarn. Bloch's The Eyes of the Mummy is third best. Bloch combines something of Lovecraft's studied horror with a touch of color that H. P. did not possess. These three lead the pack, but The Garden of Adompha, The Temple Dancer, The House of Ecstasy and Feathertop aren't far behind. The last mentioned, by Hawthorne, was so fine that I am prompted to suggest that we have more reprints from sources other than old copies of Weird Tales. There are many short classics that could be printed."   A Reader in France  Juanita Lawrence writes from Paris: "I have been a reader of Weird Tales for the last three years, and often I have wanted to write a letter, but somehow I never did. But now, after a three months' stay in Egypt where I couldn't get WT, I just feel like telling you how much I like your magazine, which is really 'unique,' as they say over here in France. And now for some personal opinions: I like Seabury Quinn and Henry Kuttner best of all your authors, and im- mediately next Robert Bloch. But please don't give too many serials! They always make me feel a bit irritated; just when I am dying to know what's going to happen I have to wait another month! Also, I would like to see some more werewolf and vampire stories. . . . Almost all my American friends here read WT, since I 'found' it, and do they love it! Please reprint some more poems by the late master, H. P. Lovecraft."  About Reprints  Norman W. Siringer writes from Lake- wood, Ohio: "The May issue of WT is certainly the best issue so far this year, with the first installment of Henry Kuttner's Thunder in the Dawn topping the issue. This may be sacrilege, but the first half of the Elak of Atlantis novelette tops all of the Conan stories, and I was a rabid Conan fan. Thunder in the Dawn can be favorably    