Thousands turn to Listerine as science proves it CURES DANDRUFF Clinical evidence that Listerine Antiseptic kills queer Pityrosporum ovale germ, that causes dandruff, starts wave of home treatments . . . letters pour in telling of rapid, complete cures IT IS WONDERFUL HOW LISTERINE STOPS THAT AWFUL SCALING, ITCHING AND BURNING Ever since the amazing dandruff cures accomplished with Listerine became a matter of clinical record, thousands of dandruff sufferers throughout the country have swung over to Listerine for quick, effective relief. Many of them write to us, fervently praising Listerine for what it has done for them. Here are a few random excerpts from the hundreds of grateful letters that reach us: "Have been using Listerine for only two weeks. Already feel wonderfully relieved from the horrible itchy feeling." "Two weeks after first using it my dandruff was gone." "Tried Listerine for 21 days and ran find no trace of dandruff now." "Tried everything possible, until one day I used Lister- ine. The itching stopped at once. My hair has stopped falling out." Kills the Germ In the sensational research that established the Pityrosporum ovale germ as the cause of dandruff, it was positively proved that Listerine kills the germ. When a mid-western skin clinic instructed dan- druff patients to use the daily Listerine Treatment, a substantial number obtained marked relief within the first two weeks on the average. 76% of a group of dandruff sufferers at a New Jersey Clinic, who used the Listerine treatment twice daily, showed complete disappearance of, or marked improvement in, the symptoms within thirty days. Start Treatment Today Don't waste time on ordinary remedies that merely wash away dandruff symptoms temporarily. Start ridding your scalp of the dandruff germ with Lis- terine today. And remember, like any other germ disease, dan- druff is a stubborn malady requiring persistent treatment. Even after it has been cured, it is wise to guard against re-infection by occasional Listerine Antiseptic massages at regular intervals. Lambert Pharmacal Company, St. Louis, Mo. Cut this out THE TREATMENT Once or twice a day, use full strength Lis- terine on the scalp, spreading it with fingers, or parting the hair and applying with cotton or eye dropper. Now massage scalp vigorously and per- sistently with fingertips; active stimulation of the scalp is highly important in dandruff treatment. If scalp is excessively dry, use a little olive oil in conjunction with Lis- terine. Listerine will not bleach the hair. P. S. Listerine, which has been discovered to be such an excellent germicidal treatment for dandruff, is the same Listerine Antiseptic which has been used as a mouth wash and gargle for years. LISTERINE the PROVED treatment lor DANDRUFF