  SALADIN'S THRONE-RUG 107    which even in that dim light had the look of antiquity, the stamp of personality possessed only by one of the old guard. And it had the feel of ancient weaving.  I dragged it out. Through all its coat- ing of dust and dirt, the unbelievable richness of the dyes, the "bald-headed- ness" of the back and subdued luster of the face were apparent. Then--horrible sight!--I saw that I had but a portion of a rug, between half and two-thirds of one, the remnant of something which if complete would be priceless. Judging from the fragment, the complete piece would be about five feet wide and twelve feet long, or thereabout. Some barbarian had sliced it in two, crosswise, with a clean, sweeping cut that left in this frag- ment about half of the medallion which had been the central design of the com- plete piece.  What fool would commit such a wanton infamy, such an uncalled-for blas- phemy? And then I recalled that classic incident of early Moslem history, where- in one of the Prophet's fanatic generals, in apportioning the loot of a Persian pal- ace, had dismembered a gold-threaded carpet, giving each of his captains a por- tion, saying that it would have been un- fair to let any one individual retain the entire rug; and offering the equally good reason that such a pagan vanity deserved mutilation!  Under stronger light, I saw that my instinct for a rarity had indeed been true. The weave was incredibly fine, at least six or seven hundred knots to the square inch; the pile, worn to the warp, was of silk; and the ground inside the main border, and surrounding the central medallion, was of silver bullion thread, woven tapestrywise about the warp threads instead of being tied and clipped so as to make a nap, as is the practise when weaving with silk or wool. Here,      certes, was the adornment of a palace, the gift of one prince to another!  Fortunately for my chances of buying the fragment, the silver bullion ground was so tarnished and caked with dirt that its true nature would scarcely be noticed: for if some collector with a bottomless wallet would see, recognize, and bid against my poverty, I'd surely lose out. But the chances were that even a keen observer, unless he had examined the relic closely, would pass it up as a mere scrap unworthy of consideration.  But then I had to take the auctioneer into account. If in handling that frag- ment, displaying it to the assembled bidders, he ever noticed that its ground was of silver thread, I'd be strictly out of luck. However, there was little chance he'd notice the pile was of silk; for it was worn to the warp; and since all ancient rugs, either of silk or wool, have a greasy, slick surface, his sense of touch might not enlighten him.  I had to buy that ancient fragment; and I had to get it without the auction- eer's realizing what was going on.  Just what device would minimize his chances of noticing the true nature of what was passing through his hands? And then came the solution.  "Boy, come here a minute!"  One of the uniformed porters ap- proached, I gave him his instructions, also a couple of dollar bills, and the promise of as much more if the ruse worked; also the promise that I'd hunt him up and down the earth with a sawed-off shotgun if he failed me.  It was now 1:30, and the auction was to begin at 2. Prospective bidders were already taking seats before the auction- eer's rostrum. The average bargain hunter has such sublime confidence in his or her ability to pick a rug or other precious article at first glance that few bother to examine the treasures before bidding;    