FROZEN BEAUTY 143 dime a week in cash, but somehow we contrived to keep our guest alive through the next winter, and when spring came he found work upon a farm. "The forces of revolt had passed to stronger hands than ours, and while we starved at Ekaterinburg Tsar Nicholas came there as an exile, too. But though the Bolsheviki ruled instead of Nicholas it only meant a change of masters for the three of us. Petrograd and ail of Russia was in the hands of revolution- ists so busy with their massacres and ven- geances that they had no time or inclina- tion to release us from our exile, and even if we had been freed we had no place to go. With the coming of the second revolution everything was com- munized; the Red Guards took whatever they desired with no thought of payment; tradesmen closed their shops and peasants planted just enough to keep themselves. We had been poor before; now we were destitute. Sometimes we had but one crust of black bread to share among us, often not even that. For a week we lived on Nikakova's shoes, cutting them in lit- tle strips and boiling them for hours to make broth. "The Bolsheviks shot Nicholas and his family on July 17, and eight days later Kolchak and the Czechs moved into Eka- terinburg. Pavlovitch was recognized and retained to assist in the investigation of the murder of the royal family, and we acted as his secretaries. When the White Guards moved back toward Mongolia we went with them. Pavlovitch set up a lab- oratory and hospital at Tisinged, and Ni- kakova and I acted as assistants. We were very happy there." "One rejoices in your happiness, Mon- sieur," de Grandin murmured when the young man's silence lengthened, "but how was it that Madame Aksakoff was frozen in this never quite suddenly to be reprobated coffin?" Our visitor started from his revery. "There was fighting everywhere," he answered. "Town after town changed hands as Red and White Guards moved like chessmen on the Mongol plains, but we seemed safe enough at Tisingol till Nikakova fell a victim to taiga fever. She hovered between life and death for weeks, and was still too weak to walk, or even stand, when word came that the Red horde was advancing and destroying everything before it. If we stayed our dooms were sealed; to attempt to move her meant sure death for Nikakova. "I told you Pavlovitch was one of Rus- sia's foremost scientists. In his work at Tisingol he had forestalled discoveries made at great universities of the outside world. The Leningrad physicians' for- mula for keeping blood ionized and fluid, that it might be in readiness for instant use when transfusions were required, was an everyday occurrence at the Tisingol infirmary, and Carrell's experiment of keeping life in chicken hearts after they were taken from the fowls had been sur- passed by him. His greatest scientific feat, however, was to take a small warm- blooded animal -- a little cat or dog -- drug it with an opiate, then freeze it solid with carbonic oxide snow, keep it in refrigeration for a month or two, then, after gently thawing it, release it, appar- ently no wrorse for its experience. "'There is hope for Nikakova,' he told me when the news came that the Bolshe- viks were but two days away. 'If you will let me treat her as I do my pets, she can be moved ten thousand miles in safety, and revived at any time we wish.' "I would not consent, but Nikakova did. 'If Doctor Pavlovitch succeeds we shall be together once again,' she told me, 'but if we stay here we must surely