ISLE OF THE UNDEAD 265    structure, he saw a shadow outlined against the sky, crouching on a ledge be- low one of the little windows. He looked again--cried;  "Vilma!"  The figure above him stirred, looked down, then climbed hastily earthward. It was Vilma . . . Vilma, with black hair hanging stringily about her head, face pale, eyes fixed in the wideness of fear . . . Vilma, with her wet clothing cling- ing to the lovely contours of her symmet- rical body.  "Oh, Cliff!" she gasped, a dry sob choking her. "Thank God--thank God!"  She clung to him, her face hidden against his shoulder, quivering uncon- trollably. Then tears came, saving tears, relieving her pent-up emotions.  Cliff said nothing, only held her close, strongly protective. And gradually he felt the tempest of terror subside. At last she looked up. Some of the dread had gone from her face, and she tried to smile.  "I guess--I can't take it," she said.  Cliff shook his head solemnly. "You're a game girl, Vilma! You've nerve enough for two men. If you can, tell me what happened. Of if you'd rather let it wait, just say so."  "I'll feel better if I get it off my chest," she said. "You probably saw those-- things--carry me from the yacht." Cliff nodded. "Well, I was just about para- lyzed when they dropped me in their ter- rible boat. I remember, you tried to arouse me; then that horn blew, and I just seemed to float away in an ocean of sleep.  "After that I can remember nothing till I awoke with water filling my eyes and nose and mouth, choking me. Some- one's arms were around me--it must have been you, Cliff--and then they weren't there any more, and I struggled wildly, out of my wits. I don't know how I got      to shore, but I did, and I lay there in the shadow of the galley, choking and gag- ging, but afraid to cough. It wasn't alto- gether dark, and I could see those dread- ful things with people hanging over their shoulders, carrying them along a narrow ledge close to the water's edge, heading inland. I thought maybe you were one of those limp bodies; and I--I almost died of fright. After a while the last one had gone, and the light went out. Then I heard another pair of feet moving over the rocks. Corio, I suppose. The sound died--and I was alone.  "That place was awful, Cliff. The blackness almost drove me mad. I wanted to scream, but I was afraid to. Some ter- rible weight seemed to be crushing my lungs. If I followed those undead things, they might capture me, but it seemed worse to stay there in that dreadful dark.  "I got out of there somehow, though it seemed to take hours. Then I didn't know what to do. I stood at the edge of the dead forest trying to decide; trying, too, to keep myself from shrieking and running--anywhere. Then Corio's horn blew again--a sound, Cliff, worse than anything I've ever heard. It--it was a wicked sound, promising to fulfill every foul desire that ever tainted a human mind. It repelled, yet it lured irresistibly. And--I answered!"  She stopped, and buried her face in her hands. After a moment she went on. "The sound stopped just as I found my- self crawling on hands and knees up the stone stairway on the other side. Another started--that awful groaning--music-- but it didn't draw me. I ran down the steps and scurried away like a rabbit try- ing to find a place to hide.  "After a while I came back--I thought you must be in there--and I climbed up to the window. And--and--Cliff, it's hellish!"  Her eyes, boring into his, widened in