190 WEIRD TALES der. With gentle touch he put her from him. "Listen to me, Merle, my darling. My beloved! Listen carefully. This is the last time I shall see you--touch you--for ever. I am lost--lost and damned. In a mo- ment you will see for yourself. That is why he brought you here. Remember that I love you more than the soul I have lost --always--always, Merle!" He pushed her from him, retreated to the shadows, stood there with head flung up and back pressed to the gray mud wall. Even as she would have gone to him, he changed, swiftly, dreadfully! Down-- down in the dust--torn rough head and yellow wolf's eyes at her feet. Merle sat up on the broad divan. Dale had returned to find her walk- ing up and down, up and down the long main room of the Rest-House. For long he had been unable to distract her mind from the terrible inner picture that tor- mented her. She would answer his anx- ious questions with an impatient glance of wild distracted eyes, then begin her endless restless pacing again. She had drunk the strong sedative he gave her as if her body were acting inde- pendently of her mind, but the drug had acted. She had slept. Now she was awake and turned to the man who watched beside her--large, protecting, compassionate. She tried to tell him, but her voice refused to put the thing into words. "My dear child, don't! Don't! I know what you saw." "You know! You've seen him when-- when-" She covered her face, then slipped from the divan and stood erect before him. "Dale! I'm all right now. It was so inhuman, such a monstrous unbelievable thing! But he has to bear it--live through it. And we must talk about it. We have to help him. Dale! Dale! Surely there is a way to free him?" He took her hands in his, swallowed hard before he could command his voice. "My chi-" He broke off abruptly. There was nothing left of the child! It was a very resolute woman whose white face and anguished eyes confronted him. She looked, she was in effect, ten years older. He could not insult her by any- thing but the whole unvarnished truth now. She must make the final decision herself. He must not, he dare not with- hold his knowledge. It would be a be- trayal. Of her. Of Gunnar. Of himself. "Merle!" At the tightening of his clasp, the new note in his voice, she looked up with a passion of renewed hope. "There is--there is a way?" He nodded, and drew her down beside him on the divan. He looked ill and shaken all at once. His tongue felt stiff, as if it would not frame words. It was like pushing her over a precipice, or into a blazing fire. How cruel love was! Hers for Gunnar. His for Merle. Love that counted--it was always a sharp sword in the heart. "There is a way," his hoarse voice made effort. "It's a way that depends on your love and courage. Those two things alone--love and courage! It's a test of both, a most devilish test, so dangerous that the chances are you will not survive it. And if you don't-" For a moment he bowed his head, put a hand up to shield his face from her wide eager gaze. "Dear! It's a test, a trial of your will against that fiend, El Shabur. There are ancient records. It has been done. Only one or two survived the ordeal. The others perished--damned--lost as Gun- nar is!" "No." The low, softly breathed word