DREADFUL SLEEP 313 back in half an hour?--dive a mile be- neath the ice cap? That was childish superstition; any en- lightened savage would know better. The Seeker--was she possible? A pre- human being as high as mankind--or higher; ageless dweller in a crystal block; flitting intangibly over the planet at the speed of thought! Who would believe my tale of Maru-Mora? The Tharshoon--could such monstros- ities be? Could sentient invaders have crossed the gulf from some unimaginable Beyond? Assuming that they came when a tropical wilderness covered the present polar continent, could they have survived ten or a hundred million years beneath the ice? The scientist in me answered those questions with an outraged "No!" Moreover, at the risk of greater blame, but for the sake of honesty, I must con- fess that even if I had been fairly con- vinced of the reality of that experience-- still I might have gone. For a kind of foolhardiness--or it may be only egotism --has made me ever seek danger rather than avoid it. Not that I am fearless, at all; merely that great peril has a resistless fascination, even when it terrifies me. And then, besides, I had seen Karalee. That is all my apology. I merely hope the reader will try to understand why I chose to ignore that singular warning-- why I strove to credit it, in my own mind, to a heavy supper and my worries about Doctor Harding and our flight to the south. I SAID nothing at all to my associates about that astounding dream. Our preparations were completed with little delay. On the afternoon of February 21, the last bulky crates of Bell's atomic ap- paratus were stowed aboard the Austral Queen, moored in San Francisco Bay. The next morning we took off for Antarc- tica, via Honolulu, Suva, and Dunedin. We were five. Remembering the loyal faith of Jerry Ware, I might have known that no husband of hers would go into peril without her by his side. A strange haze that forewarned of an early blizzard met us, as we came down across the dark polar sea. In the pale light of the low sun reddening behind us in the north, it shimmered with a curious pellucid saffron radiance. The towering white-crowned icebergs loomed out of it with a suddenness always startling. Flying low, no more than a frail mote lost in the ominous immensity of this ice- walled sea at the bottom of the world, the Austral Queen soon battled a freezing headwind. A big, four-motored amphibian trans- port, she had served me loyally through two previous expeditions. But she was too heavily laden, now, with the five of us, our winter's supplies and equipment, and the nine tons of Bell's apparatus. The blizzard, as if to give warning of the grim night to come, met us with sav- age fury. Sometimes it drove us perilous- ly close to the fangs of the ice; sometimes its opposing violence held us motionless. Tommy Veering had spelled me at the controls, while I got a little sleep back on the dunnage that filled half the cabin, but he called me forward as the wind grew worse, in the sixties. I was tired-- for all the flight had been a desperate race against the polar night. Yet, back at the controls, I found an old elation. I shared the victory of the ship as she defied the teeth of the ice and the sea's cold maw, and met the blows of the bitter wind. Floes and bergs became more frequent, and at last the white pack was beneath us. The desolate Balleny Islands were be- hind. We veered a little eastward, around Cape Adare, and battled our way along the grim coast of South Victoria Land. Dim-shrouded in the blizzard, the dark masses of Mount Erebus and Mount Ter-