166 WEIRD TALES nerve me before I can unlock the fateful door. Of what I shall encounter, and what I must do, I have only the most general idea. Shall I find my task in the vault itself, or must I burrow deeper into the flighted heart of our planet? There are things I do not yet understand--or at least, prefer not to understand--despite a dreadful, increasing, and inexplicable sense of bygone familiarity with this fear- some house. That chute, for instance, leading down from the little locked room. But I think I know why the wing with the vault extends toward the hill. 6 p. m. LOOKING out the north windows, I can see a group of villagers on the hill. They seem unaware of the lowering sky, and are digging near the great central menhir. It occurs to me that they are working on that stone-rimmed hollow place which looks like a long-choked tun- nel entrance. What is to come? How much of the olden Sabbat rites have these people retained? That key glows hor- ribly--it is not imagination. Dare I use it as it must be used? Another matter has greatly disturbed me. Glancing nervously through a book in the library I came upon an ampler form of the name that has teased my memory so sorely: "Trintje, wife of Adriaen Sleght." The Adriaen leads me to the very brink of recollection. Midnight HORROR is unleashed, but I must not weaken. The storm has broken with pandemoniac fury, and lightning has struck the hill three times, yet the hybrid, malformed villagers are gathering within the cromlech. I can see them in the almost constant flashes. The great stand- ing stones loom up shockingly, and have a dull green luminosity that reveals them even when the lightning is not there. The peals of the thunder are deafening, and every one seems to be horribly answered from some indeterminate direction. As I write, the creatures on the hill have begun to chant and howl and scream in a degraded, half-simian version of the an- cient ritual. Rain pours down like a flood, yet they leap and emit sounds in a kind of diabolic ecstasy. "Ia, Shub-Niggurath! The Goat with a Thousand Young!" But the worst thing is within the house. Even at this height, I have begun to hear sounds from the cellar. It is the padding and muttering and slithering and muffled reverberations within the vault. . . . Memories come and go. That name of Adriaen Sleght pounds oddly at my con- sciousness. Dirck van der Heyl's son-in- law . . . his child old Dirck's grand- daughter and Abaddon Corey's great- granddaughter. . . . Later Merciful God! At last I know where I saw that name. I know, and am transfixed with horror. All is lost. . . . The key has begun to feel warm as my left hand nervously clutches it. At times that vague quickening or pulsing is so dis- tinct that I can almost feel the living metal move. It came from Yian-Ho for a ter- rible purpose, and to me--who all too late know the thin stream of van der Heyl blood that trickles down through the Sleghts into my own lineage--has descended the hideous task of fulfilling that purpose. . . . My courage and curiosity wane. I know the horror that lies beyond that iron door. What if Claes van der Heyl was my ancestor--need I expiate his nameless sin? I will not--I swear I will not! . . . (the writing here grows indistinct) . . . too late--cannot help self--black paws materialize--am dragged away toward the cellar. . . .