THE SECRET OF KRALITZ 363    ing eyes, and then darted off and was lost in the gloom.  And all the while, as I shuddered with fear and loathing, within me was this evil glee--this voice which whispered, "You know this place! You belong here! Is it not good to be home?"  I glanced behind me. The great door had swung silently shut, and escape was impossible. And then pride came to my aid. I was a Kralitz. And a Kralitz would not acknowledge fear in the face of the devil himself!   I STEPPED forward and confronted the warders, who were still seated re- garding me intently from eyes in which a smoldering fire seemed to burn. Fighting down an insane dread that I might find before me an array of fleshless skeletons, I stepped to the head of the table, where there was a sort of crude throne, and peered closely at the silent figure on my right.  It was no bare skull at which I gazed, but a bearded, deadly-pale face. The curved, voluptuous lips were crimson, looking almost rouged, and the dull eyes stared through me bleakly. Inhuman agony had etched itself in deep lines on the white face, and gnawing anguish smoldered in the sunken eyes. I cannot hope to convey the utter strangeness, the atmosphere of unearthliness that sur- rounded him, almost as palpable as the fetid tomb-stench that welled from his dark garments. He waved a black- swathed arm to the vacant seat at the head of the table, and I sat down.  This nightmare sense of unreality! I seemed to be in a dream, with a hidden part of my mind slowly waking from sleep into evil life to take command of my faculties. The table was set with old- fashioned goblets and trenchers such as had not been used for hundreds of years. There was meat on the trenchers, and red      liquor in the jeweled goblets. A heady, overpowering fragrance swam up into my nostrils, mixed with the grave-smell of my companions and the musty odor of a dank and sunless place.  Every white face was turned to me, faces that seemed oddly familiar, al- though I did not know why. Each face was alike in its blood-red, sensual lips and its expression of gnawing agony, and burning black eyes like the abysmal pits of Tartarus stared at me until I felt the short hairs stir on my neck. But--I was a Kralitz! I stood up and said boldly in archaic German that somehow came familiarly from my lips, "I am Franz, twenty-first Baron Kralitz. What do you want with me?"  A murmur of approval went around the long table. There was a stir. From the foot of the board a huge bearded man arose, a man with a frightful scar that made the left side of his face a horror of healed white tissue. Again the odd thrill of familiarity ran through me; I had seen that face before, and vaguely I remem- bered looking at it through dim twilight.  The man spoke in the old guttural German. "We greet you, Franz, Baron Kralitz. We greet you and pledge you, Franz--and we pledge the House of Kra- litz!"  With that he caught up the goblet be- fore him and held it high. All along the long table the black-swathed ones arose, and each held high his jeweled cup, and pledged me. They drank deeply, savor- ing the liquor, and I made the bow cus- tom demanded. I said, in words that sprang almost unbidden from my mouth:  "I greet you, who are the warders of the secret of Kralitz, and I pledge you in return."  All about me, to the farthermost reach- es of the dim cavern, a hush fell, and the bellows and howlings, and the insane