364 WEIRD TALES    tittering of the flying things, were no longer heard. My companions leaned ex- pectantly toward me. Standing alone at the head of the board, I raised my goblet and drank. The liquor was heady, ex- hilarating, with a faintly brackish flavor.  And abruptly I knew why the pain- racked, ruined face of my companion had seemed familiar; I had seen it often among the portraits of my ancestors, the frowning, disfigured visage of the found- er of the House of Kralitz that glared down from the gloom of the great hall. In that fierce white light of revelation I knew my companions for what they were; I recognized them, one by one, remem- bering their canvas counterparts. But there was a change! Like an impalpable veil, the stamp of ineradicable evil lay on the tortured faces of my hosts, strangely altering their features, so that I could not always be sure I recognized them. One pale, sardonic face reminded me of my father, but I could not be sure, so mon- strously altered was its expression.  I was dining with my ancestors--the House of Kralitz!  My cup was still held high, and I drained it, for somehow the grim revela- tion was not entirely unexpected. A strange glow thrilled through my veins, and I laughed aloud for the evil delight that was in me. The others laughed too, a deep-throated merriment like the bark- ing of wolves--tortured laughter from men stretched on the rack, mad laughter in hell! And all through the hazy cav- ern came the clamor of the devil's brood! Great figures that towered many spans high rocked with thundering glee, and the flying things tittered slyly overhead. And out over the vast expanse swept the wave of frightful mirth, until the half- seen things in the blade waters sent out bellows that tore at my eardrums, and the unseen roof far overhead sent back roar- ing echoes of the clamor.     And I laughed with them, laughed in- sanely, until I dropped exhausted into my seat and watched the scarred man at the other end of the table as he spoke.  "You are worthy to be of our com- pany, and worthy to eat at the same board. We have pledged each other, and you are one of us; we shall eat together."  And we fell to, tearing like hungry beasts at the succulent white meat in the jeweled trenchers. Strange monsters served us, and at a chill touch on my arm I turned to find a dreadful crimson thing, like a skinned child, refilling my goblet. Strange, strange and utterly blas- phemous was our feast. We shouted and laughed and fed there in the hazy light, while all around us thundered the evil horde. There was hell beneath Castle Kralitz, and it held high carnival this night.   PRESENTLY we sang a fierce drinking- song, swinging the deep cups back and forth in rhythm with our shouted chant. It was an archaic song, but the obsolete words were no handicap, for I mouthed them as though they had been learned at my mother's knee. And at the thought of my mother a trembling and a weakness ran through me abruptly, but I banished it with a draft of the heady liquor.  Long, long we shouted and sang and caroused there in the great cavern, and after a time we arose together and trooped to where a narrow, high-arched bridge spanned the tenebrous waters of the lake. But I may not speak of what was at the other end of the bridge, nor of the unnamable things that I saw--and did! I learned of the fungoid, inhuman beings that dwell on far cold Yuggoth. of the cyclopean shapes that attend un- sleeping Cthulhu in his submarine city, of the strange pleasures that the followers of leprous, subterranean Yog-Sothoth may