180 WEIRD TALES "Wolves? In the desert? Jackals, you mean." "Don't speak out of turn. Wolves. You know--things that go off like this." He threw back his head and gave a blood-curdling howl that electrified the camp. El Shabur spun on his heel, long knife drawn. The servants groveled, then ran to pluck brands from the fire. Dale gave a rich, infectious gurgle. "Splendid! Must have done that jolly well. Now perhaps you'll recognize a wolf when you hear it. If you do-- shoot!" Soon after four a. m. the caravan set out again in the chill clear moonlight. In spite of grilling days, the nights re- mained cool and made travel easy. They reached their next halt, Bir Hamed, about eight o'clock. This cistern was the last before real desert began. They decided to give the camels a good day's grazing and watering and push off again in the small hours before dawn. Cooking-pots were slung over crack- ling fires. Fragrance of wood smoke mingled with odor of frying sausages and onions. Dale w^ent over and implored the cook to refrain from using last night's dish-water to brew coffee. El Shabur ap- proached Merle and pointed to the east. "He comes." She dropped a camera and roll of films and jumped to her feet, "Who? Gunnar? I see no one." "He comes riding from over there." Low rolling dunes to the east showed bare and smooth and empty of life. She stared, and frowned at the speaker. "I see nothing. Dale!" she called out. "The sheykh says Gunnar's coming from over there. Can you see him?" Dale scrutinized the empty eastern ho- rizon, then turned to El Shabur with a bland wide smile. "Ah, you wonderful Arabs! Putting one over on us, aren't you? You people have extra valve sets. Pick up things from the ether. It's enough to give mean inferiority complex." He thrust an arm through Merle's. "If he says so, it is so! I'll tell cook to fry a few more sausages. "Servants are all in a state of jim-jams this morning," he said as he returned from his hospitable errand. "Ilbrahaim's been handing out samples from the Thousand and One Nights* Entertain- ments. What d'you suppose he's started now?" "They talk much," the sheykh's deep scornful voice replied. "And they say nothing." "Ilbrahaim is a chatty little fellow. Be invaluable at a funeral, wouldn't he? Distract the mourners and all that! Un- less he got on to vampires and ghouls. He's keen on cabalistic beliefs." "Such things are childish; they have no interest for a cabalist." "No -- really! Well, you probably know. Is there a place called Bilad El Kelab?" El Shabur's eyes glinted. His chin went up in a gesture of assent. "There is? Ah, then Ilbrahaim tells the truth now and then. His brother went to this place. Country of the Dogs --suggestive name! The yarn is that all the men there turn to dogs at sunset. Like werewolves, you know." "Bilad El Kelab is far away. South-- far south in the Sudan. Ilbrahaim has no brother, moreover." "No?" "No. There are many foolish legends from the Sudan." "Not so foolish. I'm interested in folklore and legend and primitive beliefs. That's why I'm going to Siwa, apart from looking after my little cousin here." El Shabur's eyes smoldered. "It is un- wise to be too curious about such tilings.