JUMBEE 243 Da Silva was a colored gentleman, whose social status was as clear-cut and definite as a cameo. These islands are largely populated by persons like Mr. Da Silva. Despite the difference in their status from what it would be in North America, in the islands it has its advantages,--among them that of logic. To the West Indian mind, a man whose heredity is seven-eighths de- rived from gentry, as like as not with au- thentic coats-of-arms, is entitled to be treated accordingly. That is why Mr. Da Silva's many clerks, and everybody else who knew him, treated him with defer- ence, addressed him as "sir," and doffed their hats in continental fashion when meeting; salutes which, of course, Mr. Da Silva invariably returned, even to the humblest, which is one of the marks of a gentleman anywhere. JAFFRAY DA SILVA shifted one thin leg, draped in spotless white drill, over the other, and lighted a fresh cigarette. "Even my friends smile at me, Mr. Lee," he replied, with a tolerant smile, which lightened for an instant his melan- choly, ivory-white countenance. "They laugh at me more or less because I admit I believe in Jumbees. It is possible that everybody with even a small amount of African blood possesses that streak of be- lief in magic and the like. I seem, though, to have a peculiar aptitude for it. It is a matter of experience with me, sir, and my friends are free to smile at me if they wish. Most of them,--well, they do not admit their beliefs as freely as I, perhaps." Mr. Lee took another sip of the cold swizzel. He had heard how difficult it was to get Jaffray Da Silva to speak of his "experiences," and he suspected that un- der his host's even courtesy lay that aus- tere pride which resents anything like ridi- cule, despite that tolerant smile. "Please proceed, sir," urged Mr. Lee, and was quite unconscious that he had just used a word which, in his native South, is reserved for gentlemen of pure Caucasian blood. "When I was a young man," began Mr. Da Silva, "about 1894, there was a friend of mine named Hilmar Iversen, a Dane, who lived here in the town, up near the Moravian Church on what the people call 'Foun'-Out Hill.' Iversen had a position under the Government, a clerk's job, and his office was in the Fort. On his way home he used to stop here almost every afternoon for a swizzel and a chat. We were great friends, close friends. He was then a man a little past fifty, a but- ter-tub of a fellow, very stout, and, like many of that build, he suffered from heart attacks. "One night a boy came here for me. It was 11 o'clock, and I was just arranging the mosquito-net on my bed, ready to turn in. The servants had all gone home, so I went to the door myself, in shirt and trousers, and carrying a lamp, to see what was wanted,--or, rather, I knew perfectly well what it was,--a messenger to tell me Iversen was dead!" Mr. Lee suddenly sat bolt-upright. "How could you know that?" he in- quired, his eyes wide. Mr. Da Silva threw away the remains of his cigarette. "I sometimes know things like that." he answered, slowly. "In this case, Iver- sen and I had been close friends for years. He and I had talked about magic and that sort of thing a great deal, occult powers, manifestations,--that sort of thing. It is a very general topic here, as you may have seen. You would hear more of it if you continued to live here and settled into the ways of the island. In fact, Mr. Lee, Iver- sen and I had made a compact together. The one of us who 'went out' first, was to try to warn the other of it. You see, Mr.