572 WEIRD TALES    stairs in frantic flight. Manuel stum- bled, recovered a moment later.  The rest was never quite real to him. He lay still for but a moment, listening to the groans of the dying wizard on the crypt floor, but what he heard haunted him forever.  Babblings of black delirium . .. hints of a monstrous exchange the wizard made monthly after a blood sacrifice to Ahriman . . . tales of a lycanthropic pact whereby the bodies of Black Pedro and the Devil's hound held alien souls for days following the sacrifice, when the hound that was not a hound ravened forth for souls given to Satan in return for gold and gifts . . . the cracked voice of the sorcerer, telling of a rite just concluded ... the monthly exchange just made through blood and prayers, and a werewolf serving Evil loosed upon the world once more to seek souls for the Master . . . delirium or truth?  It was then that Manuel understood and screamed aloud as he jerked erect, glaring with horrified eyes at the feebly writhing body of the Moor. Shudder- ing, he whirled and sprang up the stairs in pursuit of the hound.  His soldiers met him. The Indians, they said, had captured the black beast as it raced into view from the depths. A Yaqui lay dead on the floor, his throat ribboned in mute testimony to the hound's ferocity. And now Manuel could hear drums dinning in the hills, throbbing blood-lust.  He was muttering long-forgotten prayers as he ran toward where the red glare flickered, muttering prayers as he whipped the sword from his scabbard. A Yaqui death-chant, grim and relent- less, boomed out into the savage night.      Then Manuel plunged over the brow of the hill--and saw.  He saw that the Yaquis had remem- bered the deaths of their ten young men; they had remembered the ghastly jest of Black Pedro. And since he was dead, they were repeating that jest with Pedro's hound. He saw the dark head buried in sand to its shaggy throat, heard the thunder of wooden balls as they bowled along the sand, as they plunged unerringly at the screaming horror that was their target.  Manuel fell upon the natives. Snarl- ing curses that somehow kept him sane, he and his men drove them back with the flats of their swords. And at last, alone, Manuel dared to approach the thing in the sand--the black, jutting head that lifted its foaming muzzle to the skies as it moaned in that last agony.  But Manuel, knowing what he did, dared not look at it. The wizard's dy- ing whispers had been too much.  He gave only a swift, furtive glance as in mercy he thrust his sword through the ruined beast-skull. And as he stabbed, his heart went icy cold. He had seen the smashed jaws move feebly in one final effort as the dazed eyes glared into his own. Then, above the muffled, triumphant thunder of the dis- tant drums, Don Manuel heard that which confirmed all the legends and rumors of which the wizard had hinted.  Don Miguel heard the incredible voice, then collapsed beside the dying beast-head with the sound still dinning in his ears.  The hound of horror spoke.  And it moaned, "Mercy--a prayer for the dead--for me--Black Pedro"