286 WEIRD TALES 3. The Hypnotic Lamp "YOU really must meet him, Mary. He's--he's such an overwhelming personality, and it would be rude, really, to avoid him now. See, he's looking to- ward us--" Casually Mary Roberts turned her head. Across the long expanse of this almost flamboyantly oriental downstairs room in which Dmitri's guests had assembled she saw the man. He was seated in a massive, ivory-armed, dragon-footed chair, and he was talking to a group of three or four women. But he was looking be- yond them, speculatively, at Mary. "Helen, I'm afraid of him. He's--he's evil--blasphemous!" Helen Stacey-Forbes only laughed. "Blasphemous?" she echoed. "Nonsense! He's only years ahead of his time. Never fear--his interest in you will vanish as soon as he learns that you can't pay his outrageous fees." She was already-- Mary's arm linked in her own--threading her way through the chatting throng. . . . The colossus, as they approached, ab- ruptly cut short his conversation with the group of admiring ladies and turned his flabby bulk toward them. "They are thrill-seekers, Miss Stacey- Forbes," he exclaimed petulantly. "Still --I have made appointments with two of them. . . . But how is your brother, Ron- ald? And who is your friend?" "Dmitri--Mary Roberts," Helen Sta- cey-Forbes said formally. "Miss Roberts is the daughter of the Honorable James Roberts. . . . Ronald is well; he is very careful not to endanger himself." Dmitri chuckled. "Ronald is being very careful, eh? Well, well--but acci- dents sometimes happen--and then there is only Dimitri." He stared fixedly at Mary. "You are very beautiful, my child; our Police Commissioner Ethredge is a fortunate man--indeed he is." Mary Roberts flushed. "I was im- pressed by your -- demonstration," she said hastily. "It was--spectacular." He lifted a monstrous, shapeless paw. "Histrionics," he said flatly. "My real work does not deal with such fireworks. Would you be convinced? Are you in every respect sound and well?" Mary tried to repress the shudder of aversion that crept through her as she looked at the man. "I am in perfect health," she said firmly. Dmitri looked down at his great soft hands. Then he spoke, as it were casually, to Helen Stacey-Forbes. "I have wanted--since your brother came to me a year ago--to examine you, as well. You come from an old family; should you marry it is possible that you would transmit to your children the hemo- philia from which he suffers. Today is a propitious day; your friend can accom- pany us while I interrogate you; then, should she need me at some future time she would not fear me -- as she does now." Helen Stacey-Forbes' face was grave. "I had thought--of coming to you," she admitted. "Perhaps--if Miss Roberts is willing--?" Mary objected only faintly. She was wondering if perhaps Helen had not re- ally brought her here bccause she feared to be alone with this man. . . . "The--guests?" Dmitri glanced about the room, heaved himself ponderously to his feet. "The guests!" he exclaimed. "We will be but a few minutes. Those in need of me will wait; the others are better gone. Come." THE chamber into which Dmitri ush- ered the two young women was a small room, almost monastically fur- nished. There was a large table and