208 WEIRD TALES They're called Tlazitlans. I'm willing to bet it wasn't they who built this city, though." Techotl's fear did not seem to dimin- ish as they drew away from the chamber where the dead men lay. He kept twist- ing his head on his shoulder to listen for sounds of pursuit, and stared with burn- ing intensity into every' doorway they passed. Valeria shivered in spite of herself. She feared no man. But the weird floor beneath her feet, the uncanny jewels over her head, dividing the lurking shadows among them, the stealth and terror of their guide, impressed her with a name- less apprehension, a sensation of lurking, inhuman peril. "They may be between us and Tecuhl- tli!" he whispered once. "We must be- ware lest they be lying in wait!" "Why don't we get out of this infernal palace, and take to the streets?" demand- ed Valeria. "There are no streets in Xuchotl," he answered. "No squares nor open courts. The w'hole city' is built like one giant pal- ace under one great roof. The nearest approach to a street is the Great Hall which traverses die city from the north gate to the south gate. The only doors opening into the outer world are the city gates, through which no living man has passed for fifty years." "How long have you dwelt here?" asked Conan. "I was born in the castle of Tecuhltli thirty-five years ago. I have never set foot outside the city. For the love of the gods, let us go silently! These halls may be full of lurking devils. Olmec shall tell you all when we reach Tecuhltli." So in silence they glided on with the green fire-stones blinking overhead and the flaming floors smoldering under their feet, and it seemed to Valeria as if they fled through hell, guided by a dark-faced, lank-haired goblin. Yet it was Conan who halted them as they were crossing an unusually wide chamber. His wilderness-bred ears were keener even than the ears of Techotl, whetted though these were by a lifetime of warfare in those silent corridors. "You think some of your enemies may be ahead of us, lying in ambush?" "They prowl through these rooms at all hours," answered Techotl, "as do we. The halls and chambers between Tecuhl- tli and Xotalanc are a disputed region, owned by no man. We call it the Halls of Silence. Why do you ask?" "Because men are in the chambers ahead of us," answered Conan. "I heard steel clink against stone." Again a shaking seized Techotl, and he clenched his teeth to keep them from chattering. "Perhaps they are your friends," sug- gested Valeria. "We dare not chance it," he panted, and moved with frenzied activity'. He turned aside and glided through a door- way on the left which led into a chamber from which an ivory staircase wound down into darkness. "This leads to an unlighted corridor below us!" he hissed, great beads of per- spiration standing out on his brow. "They may be lurking there, too. It may all be a trick to draw us into it. But we must take the chance that they have laid their ambush in the rooms above. Come swift- ly, now!" Softly as phantoms they descended the stair and came to the mouth of a corridor black as night. They' crouched there for a moment, listening, and then melted into it. As they moved along, Valeria's flesh crawled between her shoul- ders in momentary' expectation of a sword- thrust in the dark. But for Conan's iron W. T.--5