THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 143 must be Chandra Dass, and your wife." Ennis' hand tightened on his gun-butt. "If that's so--if we can just find them-" "Blind action won't help if we do," said the inspector swiftly. "There must be all the number of the Brotherhood's members assembled here, and we can't fight them all." His eyes suddenly lit and he took the blazing jeweled stars from his pocket. "These badges! With them wre can pose as members of the Brotherhood, perhaps long enough to find your wife." "But Chandra Dass will be there, and if he sees us-" Campbell shrugged. "We'll have to take that chance. It's the only course open to us." The current of the inflowing tide was still bearing them smoothly onward through the winding water-tunnel, around bends and angles where they scraped the rock, down long straight stretches. Sturt used the motors to guide them around the turns. Meanwhile, In- spector Campbell and Ennis quickly ripped from the cutter its police-insignia and covered all evidences of its being a police craft. Sturt suddenly snicked off the search- light. "Light ahead there!" he ex- claimed. Around the next turn of the water- tunnel showed a gleam of strange, soft light. "Careful, now!" cautioned the inspec- tor. "Sturt, whatever we do, you stay in the cutter. And try to have it ready for a quick getaway, if we leave it." Sturt nodded silently. The helmsman's stolid face had become a little pale, but he showed no sign of losing his courage. The cutter sped around the next turn of the tunnel and emerged into a huge, softly lit cavern. Sturt's eyes bulged and Campbell uttered an exclama- tion of amazement. For in this mighty water-cavem there floated in a great mass, scores of sea-going craft, large and small. All of them were capable of breasting storm and wind, and some were so large they could barely have entered. There were small yachts, big motor-cruisers, sea-going launches, cutters larger than their own, and among them the gray motor-launch of Chandra Dass. They wrere massed together here, those with masts having lowered them to enter, floating and rubbing sides, quite unoccupied. Around the edges of the water-cavern ran a wide rock ledge. But no living person was visible and there was no visible source for the soft, strange white light that filled the astounding place. "These craft must have come here from all over earth!" Campbell muttered. "The Brotherhood of the Door has as- sembled here--we've found their gather- ing-place all right." "But where are they?" exclaimed En- nis. "I don't see anyone." "We'll soon find out," the inspector said. "Sturt, run close to the ledge there and we'll get out on it." Sturt obeyed, and as the cutter bumped the ledge, Campbell and Ennis leaped out onto it. They looked this way and that along it, but no one was in sight The weirdness of it was unnerving, the strangely lit, mighty cavern, the assem- bled boats, the utter silence. "Follow me," Campbell said in a low voice. "They must all be somewhere near." He and Ennis walked a few steps along the ledge, when the American stopped. "Campbell, listen!" he whispered. Dimly there whispered to them, as though from a distance and through great walls, a swelling sound of chanting. As they listened, hearts beating rapidly,