  HE THAT HATH WINGS 83    For a few weeks he did entirely forget that old blind yearning, in his planning for things to come. He was all over that now, he told himself.  Then suddenly his whole being was overturned by an amazing thing. For some time the wing-stumps on David's shoulders had felt sore and painful. Also it seemed they were much larger than they had been. He took occasion to ex- amine them in a mirror and was astound- ed to discover that they had grown out in two very large hump-like projections that curved downward on each side along his back.  David Rand stared and stared into the mirror, a strange surmise in his eyes. Could it be possible that--  He called on Doctor White the next day, on another pretext. But before he left he asked casually, "Doctor, I was wondering, is there any chance that my wings would eyer start to grow out again?"  Doctor White said thoughtfully, "Why, I suppose there is a chance of it, at that. A newt can regenerate a lost limb, you know, and numerous animals have simi- lar powers of regeneration. Of course an ordinary man cannot regenerate a lost arm or leg like that, but your body is not an ordinary one and your wings might possess some power of partial regenera- tion, for one time at least." He added, "You don't need to worry about it, though, David. If they start to grow out again, just come in and I'll remove them again without any trouble."  David Rand thanked him and left. But day after day thereafter, he closely watched and soon saw beyond doubt that the freak of genes that had given him wings in the first place had also given him at least a partial power of regener- ating them.  For the wings were growing out again,      day by day. The humps on his shoulders had become very much larger, though covered by his specially tailored coats the change in them was not noticed. They broke through late that summer in wings --real wings, though small as yet. Folded under his clothing, they were not ap- parent.  David knew that he should go in and let the doctor amputate them before they got larger. He told himself that he did not any longer want wings--Ruth and the coming child and their future together were all that meant anything to him now.  Yet still he did not say anything to anyone, kept the growing wings con- cealed and closed beneath his clothing. They were poor, weak wings, compared to his first ones, as though stunted by the previous amputation. It was unlikely that he would ever be able to fly with them, he thought, even if he wanted to, which he didn't.  He told himself, though, that it would be easier to have them removed after they had attained their full size. Besides, he didn't want to disturb Ruth at this time by telling her that the wings had grown again. So he reassured himself, and so the weeks passed until by early October his second wings had grown to their full size, though they were stunted and pitiful compared to his first splendid pinions.   ON THE first week in October, a little son was born to Ruth and David. A fine, strong-limbed little boy, without a trace of anything unusual about him. He was normal of weight, and his back was straight and smooth, and he would never have wings. And a few nights later they were all in the little cottage, admiring him.  "Isn't he beautiful?" asked Ruth, look- ing up with eyes shining with pride.    