  SPAWN OF DAGON 9    to the next curtain--peered apprehen- sively beyond it.  Here was a small room, cluttered with alembics, retorts, and other of Zend's magical paraphernalia. The pallid giant stood silently in a corner. On a low table was stretched the girl, still unconscious. Above her hovered the gray dwarf, a crystal vial in one hand. He tilted it; a drop fell.  Elak heard Zend's harsh voice.  "A new servant ... a new soul to serve me. When her soul is freed, I shall send it to Antares. There is a planet there where I've heard much sorcery ex- ists. Mayhap I can learn a few more secrets. . .  Elak turned to the last alcove. He lifted the curtain, saw a steep stairway. From it rose-red light blazed down. He remembered Gesti's words: "Shatter the red sphere! His magic comes from it."  Good! He'd break the sphere first, and then, with no magic to protect him, Zend would be easy prey. With a lithe bound Elak began to mount the stairs. Behind him came a guttural cry.  "Eblis, Ishtar, and Poseidon!" Elak said hastily. "Protect me now!" He was at the top of the staircase, in a high- domed room through which moonlight crept from narrow windows. It was the room of the sphere.  Glowing, shining with lambent rose- red radiance, the great sphere lay in a silver cradle, metallic tubes and wires trailing from it to vanish into the walls. Half as tall as Elak's body it was, its brilliance soft but hypnotically intense-- and he stood for a moment motionless, staring.   BEHIND him feet clattered on the stair. He turned, saw the pallid giant lum- bering up. A livid scar circled the dead- white neck. He had been right, then. This was the criminal he had seen exe-      cuted--brought back to life by Zend's necromancy. In the face of real danger Elak forgot the gods and drew his rapier. Prayers, he had found, would not halt a dagger's blow or a strangler's hands.  Without a sound the giant sprang for Elak, who dodged under the great clutch- ing paws and sent his rapier's point deep within the dead-white breast. It bent dangerously; he whipped it out just in time to save it from snapping, and it sang shrilly as it vibrated. Elak's oppo- nent seemed unhurt. Yet the rapier had pierced his heart. He bled not at all.  The battle was not a long one, and it ended at a window. The two men went reeling and swaying about the room, rip- ping wires and tubes from their places in the fury of their struggle. Abruptly the red light of the globe dimmed, went out. Simultaneously Elak felt the giant's cold arms go about his waist.  Before they could tighten, he dropped. The moon peered in at a narrow win- dow just beside him, and he flung him- self desperately against the giant's legs, wrenching with all his strength. The undead creature toppled.  He came down as a tree falls, without striving to break the force of the impact. His hands went out clutchingly for Elak's throat. But Elak was shoving frantically at the white, cold, muscular body, forcing it out the narrow window. It overbal- anced, toppled--and fell.  The giant made no outcry. After a moment a heavy thud was audible. Elak got up and recovered his rapier, loudly thanking Ishtar for his deliverance. "For," he thought, "a little politeness costs nothing, and even though my own skill and not Ishtar's hand saved me, one never knows." Too, there were other dangers to face, and if the gods are ca- pricious, the goddesses are certainly even more so.  A loud shriek from below made him    