570 WEIRD TALES   "True." Pedro was thoughtful.  "I have brought you wealth," pur- sued the Moor. "And I must have my due, as our bond with your Luci- fer demands. Here we have found the blood of maidens and other useful things, and I may carry out my bargain undisturbed. That was our agreement with the Master before the Altar-- wealth for you, and mantic power for me, and souls for Him."  Strange fear flooded Pedro's face.   "'Tis a dreadful pledge," he half whispered. "Souls for Him! And at what price! For the hound frightens me, and I am afraid when the ex- change is made; should anything go amiss--"  The Moor raised his hand in a gesture of restraint. "That was the bond. The hound is His; He gave it to us as an instrument to secure souls for His Devil's bondage. A few days each month is little enough to ask in return for wealth. And yours is a nature to delight in the shedding of blood."  "As a man, yes--I warrant I find pleasure enough in slaying," Pedro admitted, with utter candor. "But as the other--"  Again the Moor checked his com- panion's speech. "Here is the maiden now, and we must prepare for this night's work."  Two trembling natives had entered the room, pushing a bound and fright- ened girl before them. She struggled in her bonds once they freed her legs, but they took no heed. Bowing low, they averted their faces and ran out. The Moor rose and approached the dark, lithe figure of the Indian maiden. As his hands grasped her pinioned arms she closed her eyes in utter fear.  Black Pedro leered, laughing.     "A fine wench, indeed!" he chuckled. "Could I but--"  "No," declared the Moor, sensing his purpose. "She must remain im- maculate for the sacrifice. Come."  All mirth, all desire, vanished from Pedro's face as he followed the Moor and his captive down the winding stairs to the cellar crypts below. He knew what was to happen, and he was afraid.  There was nothing to reassure him in the dungeon itself. A vast, gloomy chamber, taper-litten, it was an oddly terrifying place.  Corridors stretched off into further gloom. Here were to be found the cages and the racks for prisoners, but the Moor did not go on. Instead he proceeded down the center of the main chamber to the further wall, where stood a great table and two flat rocks. There had been an altar here once, but it had since been re- moved and the crucifix above it in- verted. An inverted crescent was em- blazoned against it.  The girl was placed on the table. Braziers and flares were lit; alembics lifted to the light. Bubble-glass jars were hung over the fires, and a tripod sent pungent incense through the room in swirls of spiced smoke.  Tightly the girl was bound. Strongly the basin was held. Swiftly the knife was plunged. And a shriek, a moan, then bubble, bubble, bubble, as the basin filled.  Incense added, red and yellow pow- ders filled the basin as it hung over the tripod. Black Pedro's swarthy face was pale, and sweat spurted across his gashed brows. The Moor ignored him as he worked over the flames.  Black horror loped into the room as the great dark hound slunk pur-