76 WEIRD TALES pany had entered the palace. Quickly pocketing the pistol, I stepped out into the still deserted corridor. At the stair- way, heavy treading told of the ascend- ing guards. The hallway would soon swarm with armed sentries, and knowing further searching to be useless, I quietly entered my own room, closing the door behind me. The venture had not proven worthless. I had seen the landing of the desert flyer, discovered the puzzling portrait of Carol Terry; and behind the large picture over the bed, destructive and ready, was the secreted pistol, waiting for the time when I should need its powerful assistance. LATE that afternoon a gentle knock sounded on my door as a musical voice asked softly, "May I enter?" The frail obstacle was pushed aside, and a vision of loveliness stood in the doorway. Two indescribably beautiful long-lashed eyes rolled beneath a waving mass of black hair. Slightly parted red lips displayed a perfect row of teeth, while the tall, shapely body, richly ap- pareled in a low-cut gown of shimmering white satin that revealed the full outline of her lovely breasts, moved with the soft ease of a tigress. Instantly I recognized the wondrous features I had seen in the throneroom. It was she whose lovely head had graced the massive stone bowl, whose eternal his- tory had been told by the Pharaoh, Atma, Princess of Egypt! "You are surprized. Confess it now, you really are surprized." I had risen at the entrance of Hatshep- sut's lovely daughter. "Surprized!" I gasped, smilingly. "I-- I am amazed." The beauty laughed gayly, and seating herself on a plush-covered bench, crossed shapely legs as her dark eyes smiled into mine. "But you need not remain standing." Her manicured hand motioned to a chair. "Is it not the proper thing to do?" I had asked. "We can dispense with formalities. Just be your natural self--I know I will enjoy it." "In that case, you will find me curi- ous." "Curious? And why that?" Seated on a chair, I looked long and earnestly at the superb creature before me. Last night I had gazed at those same exquisite features when it was only a head that had spoken and watched me. And now there sat an enchantress whose body would have put to shame the form of a Salome. "Princess Atma, there is one--there are two things I would like very much to know. I wonder if it would seem rude for me to ask them." The wondrous smile deepened. "And what are these so vitally impor- tant questions?" she parried. Hopefully I continued. "What has become of my companions, and where are they now? It is only right I should know. We were dragged into this horrible business together, but I feel responsible for them. Also, how is it that I see you as you now are, when last night it was only a--" I paused, un- certain of my words. "Oh, you must know what I mean." "Of course I do, and will readily answer your queries--at least one of them. Your friends are safe--that I promise you! I talked to them but a short while ago, and had their own as- surance as to their welfare. It is needless to be alarmed or worried. Your other question must go unanswered for a short time. Later on, perhaps, when certain changes have been effected, you may be told." "But it all seems so impossible."