DREADFUL SLEEP 305 3. The Dweller in the Pylon WE FOUND the Hardings at their up- town apartment, and Tommy Veer- ing. Jerry Harding was her old self: slen- der, gray-eyed, charming; yet I could see her deep concern for her husband. She hovered anxiously near him, twice came swiftly to his aid when his memory seemed to stumble upon a momentary blank. Veering was a slim, slick-haired young chap, whose smiling brown eyes held a diffident appeal. A new protege of Hard- ing's, he had been with the Foundation since his graduation. For all his youth, he was already distinguished in electronic engineering. He listened intently as Bell briefly out- lined the momentous plan, after we had eaten. Keen enthusiasm lit his boyish face. Eagerly, he gripped Bell's hand. "Wonderful, Doctor Bell! It--it's great. You have given the world another world!" And he began a question: "Your precise sub-atomic formulæ?" "If I have revealed enough to convince you," Merry Bell said gravely, "I shall reserve the rest until we have reached the site of operations." Old bitterness shad- owed his voice again. "So there cannot be another--" He bit his thin lip. "I have listed the equipment we shall need." Veering's enthusiasm ended indecision. We went on to plan the expedition: plotted a schedule for the flight to the frozen Stapledon Basin, that would be a race against the swift-falling polar night; listed our essential supplies and the nine tons of Bell's equipment against the maxi- mum capacity of my loyal old plane, the Austral Queen. It was two o'clock when I got back to my room at the club, elated with this mad dream of conquering the polar world, yet troubled with vague apprehensions in- spired by the change in Doctor Harding. I was thinking moodily, too, of the mock- cry in Bell's old nickname, for if ever I had seen a man walking alive in hell, it was surely he. It was worth all the risk and folly of the flight, I thought, to alle- viate his torture. I went to bed, and, of old habit, fell immediately asleep. From this point it is difficult for me to go on. Much of the remainder of this history must deal with facts and beings that will appear incredible in the severe light of established science. I share the reluctance of the orthodox scientist to admit anything not proven by objective observations and beyond all doubt, for I know too well the possible subjective vagaries of the human mind. I am sensitive, too, of any charges of sen- sationalism or mistreatment of the truth. Yet it is my obvious duty to omit noth- ing that happened, however fantastic or ill-supported the account of it may seem. To leave out anything would distort the whole. Perhaps it is to be expected, after all, that the circumstances leading up to the incredible phenomenon of the Time Fault should appear equally astounding. I WOKE suddenly in my dim-lit room. The city had grown almost quiet. The illuminated hands of the electric clock showed five minutes past three--I had been sleeping no more than an hour. The sound that had waked me was totally unfamiliar--unless perhaps it sug- gested the song of some tiny, exotic trop- ical bird. Its plaintive keenness held a wail of lonely despair, yet somehow it was heart-piercingly sweet. I sat up in bed abruptly, less frightened than merely startled although my heart was thudding. My hand went toward the light. Before I touched the switch, however, I saw what was in the room. And all movement left me. My incredible visitor was floating a yard off the floor, beside my bed. It W. T.--4