312 WEIRD TALES    the blood in its own family. It possesses none of the characteristics of the undead vampire, being usually a living male person of otherwise normal appearances, unsuspecting its inherent demonism. But this vrykolakas cannot act according to its demoniacal possession unless it is in the presence of a second member of the same family, who acts as a medium between the man and its demon. This medium has none of the traits of the vam- pire, but it senses the being of this creature (when the metamorphosis is about to occur) by reason of intense pains in the head and throat. Both the vampire and the medium undergo similar reactions, involving nausea, nocturnal visions, and physical disquietude. When these two outcasts are within a certain distance of each other, the coalescence of inher- ent demonism is completed, and the vampire is subject to its attacks, demanding blood for its sus- tenance. No member of the family is safe at these times, for the vrykolakas, acting in its true agency on earth, will unerringly seek out the blood. In rare cases, where other victims are un- available, the vampire will even take the blood from the very medium which made it possible. This vampire is born into certain aged families, and naught but death can destroy it. It is not conscious of its blood-madness, and acts only in a psychic state. The medium, also, is unaware of its terrible role; and when these two are to- gether, despite any lapse of years, the fusion of inheritance is so violent that no power known on earth can turn it back.   3   THE lodge door slammed shut with a sudden, interrupting bang. The lock grated, and Henry Duryea's footsteps sounded on the planked floor.  Arthur shook himself from the bed. He had only time to fling that haunting book into the Gladstone bag before he sensed his father standing in the door- way.  "You--you're not shaving, Arthur." Duryea's words, spliced hesitantly, were toneless. He glanced from the table-top to the Gladstone, and to his son. He said nothing for a moment, his glance inscrutable. Then,  "It's blowing up quite a storm outside."  Arthur swallowed the first words which had come into his throat, nodded quickly. "Yes, isn't it? Quite a storm."      He met his father's gaze, his face burn- ing. "I--I don't think I'll shave, Dad. My head aches."  Duryea came swiftly into the room and pinned Arthurs arms in his grasp. "What do you mean--your head aches? How? Does your throat--"  "No!" Arthur jerked himself away. He laughed. "It's that French stew of yours! It's hit me in the stomach!" He stepped past his father and started up the stairs.  "The stew?" Duryea pivoted on his heel. "Possibly. I think I feel it myself."  Arthur stopped, his face suddenly white. "You--too?"  The words were hardly audible. Their glances met--clashed like dueling- swords.  For ten seconds neither of them said a word or moved a muscle: Arthur, from the stairs, looking down; his father be- low, gazing up at him. In Henry Duryea the blood drained slowly from his face and left a purple etching across the bridge of his nose and above his eyes. He looked like a death's-head.  Arthur winced at the sight and twisted his eyes away. He turned to go up the remaining stairs.  "Son!"  He stopped again; his hand tightened on the banister.  "Yes, Dad?"  Duryea put his foot on the first stair. "I want you to lock your door tonight. The wind would keep it banging!"  "Yes," breathed Arthur, and pushed up the stairs to his room.   DOCTOR DURYEA'S hollow footsteps sounded in steady, unhesitant beats across the floor of Timber Lake Lodge. Sometimes they stopped, and the crack- ling hiss of a sulfur match took their