Have You Had These Strange Experiences WHO has not experienced that inexplicable phenomenon of sensing an unseen presence? Who has not suddenly realized that he has been listening to a conversation within himself--an eloquent appeal to self from some intangible in- telligence? Who has not had that tenseness, that sensation of a suppressed excitement, as though some power were seeking to manifest through him? Too long have the restrictions of ortho- doxy and the ridicule of unenlightened persons kept these common-place occurrences shrouded in sccrecy. Millions now admit the existence of an intimate persuasive power . . . but centuries of superstition have caused them to fear it. Learn what the world's greatest thinkers, artists, poets and geniuses found by accident . . . that the emotional self, the infinite intelligence just beyond the border of your thinking consciousness, is the source of the greatest creative power that the human mind can command. It is the region from which ideas spring, the fountain-head of imagination and forethought. Accept this FREE Sealed Book You cannot better your place in life by thinking only in terms of what you have read or heard. Only by the intelligent direction of your inner faculties will you receive that needed vision and impetus to carry you beyond the plodding routine-enslaved masses. The ancient sages and mystics were NOT day-dreaming in their secluded sanctuaries and temples, but instead they were invoking these natural God-given powers . . . their feats were not miracles, but the results of the same faculties which you possess. The Rosicrucians, a time-honored fraternity (not a religious organi- zation) devoted to a study of these Cosmic principles and forces, in- vite you to share this knowledge which they have preserved. With it you can gain the utmost from every conscious hour of your life. Use the gift coupon below and secure without obligation, the fascinating FREE, Sealed Book, which explains further.   USE THIS COUPON Scribe, O. G. G. The Rosicrucians, AMORC, San Joec, California I am sincerely interested in knowing more about this unseen, vital power which can be used in acquiring the fullness and happiness of life. Pleaae send me, without cost, the book, "THE SECRET HERITAGE," which tells mo how to rcceive this information. NAME ADDRESS STATE   The ROSICRUCIANS (AMORC) SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements