THE STRANGLING HANDS 203 The State had a hundred or so wit- nesses to that quarrel two years be- fore in the lobby of the Metropolitan; it had more than that to testify how I had resented Tony's theft of my book. Even my own lawyers do not believe the truth I tell them about the night that Tony died. Johnson supported my story at first, but later, when he saw, as the pilot of "Cheeky's" plane had seen, that the truth would brand him liar or accomplice, he, too, changed his "I know" to "I think," and later lied that he had been drinking. Johnson knows that I know he is lying, but I don't blame him. What else could he do? My lawyers are going to try a plea of self-defense, and, if the worst comes to the worst, of insanity. Strange thing, this having to lie that I killed a man I never touched. If my release comes before July, I shall study out some way of outwitting the hands. They may not even try to get me. There are two reasons for believing this. First, the stone of Nyi was never found after the night of Tony's death; it is pos- sible that the priests of Bhan-Guru al- ready have it back and will leave me alone. The second reason and the strong- est is that there is no way for me to die. The Law said that Captain Clark commit- ted suicide; the Law said that Bobby Mil- roy died from natural causes; the Law- said that "Cheeky" was murdered by per- son or persons unknown to it; the Law said that Tony Henderson was killed by person and causes known to it. What way is there left for me to go? Fate, perhaps, has outwitted the strangling priests of Nyi, god of death, and will let me live. ***** July 7, 1930 (by special correspondent): Afterlosing a bitterly fought battle to have the time of his execution changed, L. C. MacKenzie, convictedlast May of the murder of his one-time fellow explorer, Anthony Henderson, suffered death byhanging in the prison yard here at seven minutes after midnight this morning. . . . Haunting Columns By Robert E. Howard The walls of Luxor broke the silver sandWhen stars were golden lepers in the night,And, granite monsters in the pallid light,They lurched like drunken Titans through the land,With giant strides, most terrible and grand.They ringed me when the slender moon was bright.And gazing up their cold, inhuman height,shrieked and writhed and beat them with my hand. Then dawn spread far her amaranthine gleam,And I could feel my brain to opal turnThat on the iron hinges of the dreamShattered to glowing shards that freeze and burn.God grant my bones lie silver on the plainEre yet the walls of Luxor come again.