THE LOST DOOR 299    I put my hand on Wrexler's shoulder. "So be it. Come along, let's see the library, then we'll know all of Rouge- mont. We've seen everything else."   Wrenching his eyes away from the portrait, Wrexler followed us.  The library was beautiful, with paneled walls that had rows and rows of books sunk in their depths. There was a long, oaken table, and on the center of it stood a carved, gilded box, the casket which held my father's letter. I wished then that I could read it at once. I wish now that I could have, but per- haps it is better that I did not; at least things moved as the fates ordained, and the responsibility for what occurred was not mine.   THE next three days were quiet, happy ones. Nothing occurred. I had no ghostly visitant and Wrexler saw nothing of Helene. Under de Lacy's expert guidance, we rode over the estate, hunted with falcons, a pleasing sport which we both took to our hearts; mingled with my court, found the people charming and highly cultivated. We took lessons in the old dances, visited the manor houses. It was all very gay and amusing, and I had no longing for the outside world. I did not even go down to the lodge for news.  There were many details of the estate management that I had to go into with de Lacy. We spent several hours each morning going over the affairs of Rouge- mont. It was virtually a small kingdom, and everything was referred to me.  Necessarily, the time I spent with de Lacy on such matters, Wrexler was alone. He had changed a great deal since we had come to Rougemont. He had come alive, and he threw himself into every- thing with a curious intensity. He was like a person who has been very ill, who suddenly finding himself better and     fearing it is only temporary, clutches life with both hands. He devoted long hours to reading the records of the d'Harcourts, until he knew the family history as well as his own.  I did not mention Helene, although there was seldom a moment when she was out of my thoughts. I found myself watching for her day and night, and I caught the same tension in Wrexler's eyes as he searched the shadows.  The third night she came again, not to me, but to Wrexler; and although he was my friend, I almost hated him be- cause he had seen her and I had not. He told me next morning as we walked along the lake shore.  "Jim," he said suddenly, "I saw her last night. She came to my room. She drew aside the curtains of the bed, and leaned over me. I can't describe my sensations. It was almost as though life were suspended in space--like a bridge over a timeless sea."  I had nothing to say. I knew so well how he felt.  "She leaned closer and closer to me," Wrexler went on; "then she smiled, and before I could find my breath to speak, she was gone. This is the second time she has smiled at me. I felt a nameless fear, as though there was a threatening quality in those red lips. She looked at me as though I might have been Black George himself."  In that moment, all my envy was swept away by anxiety for my friend. Indeed, I wished she had kissed him, for then he would have been safe, I started to speak, to beg Wrexler to leave Rouge- mont, but before the words could leave my mouth, I saw her. She was standing in the path some distance away, directly in line with my eyes, and she was shaking her head impressively.  I knew instantly what she meant. I was not to send Wrexler away. He