WEIRD TALES 123 mise, a new imaginative dimension. Since then, he has written scores of masterpieces that extend the borders of human fantasy and conquer fresh empires amid the extra- human and ultra-terrestrial infinities. Among these, I might mention The Outsider, The Call of Cthulhu, The Color Out of Space, The Rats in the Walls, The Dunwich Hor- ror, Rickman's Model and The Dreams in the Witch-House as being special favorites. However, there are few tales of his that I have not read and re-read many times, al- ways with that peculiar delight given by the savor of some uniquely potent distilla- tion of dreams and fantasy. Leng and Lo- mar and witch-ridden Arkham and sea- cursed Innsmouth are part of my mental geography; and dreadful, cyclopean R'lyeh slumbers somewhere in the depths. Others will venture into the realms that the Silver Key of his mastery has unlocked; but none will read them with the same wizard surety, or bring back for our delectation essences of equal dread and beauty and horror." From Edmond Hamilton Edmond Hamilton writes from New Castle, Pennsylvania: "I just heard the news of H. P. Lovecraft's recent death. This is quite a shock, coming so soon after the death of Howard. While I never met either of them, I have been appearing with them in WEIRD TALES for so long that I had a dim feeling of acquaintance. I think I read every one of Lovecraft's stories from Dagon, years ago. It is too bad that he is gone--there will never be another like him." From Henry Kuttner Henry Kuttner writes from Beverly Hills, California: "I've been feeling extremely de- pressed about Lovecraft's death. Even now I can't realize it. He was my literary idol since the days of The Horror at Red Hook, and lately a personal friend as well. The loss to literature is a very great one, but the loss to HPL's friends is greater. He seemed, somehow, to have been an integral part of my literary life--and the shock was more severe because I had not known that his illness was serious." From Earl Peirce, Jr. Earl Peirce, Jr., writes from Washington, D. C.: "The news of Lovecraft's passing, al- though not the shock of surprize, is never- theless the shock of an irreparable loss, not HAVE A NEW SKIN! Pimples Blackheads Coarse Pores Freckles, Blotches Wrinkles--VANISH! with Blemished outer skin Read This Free Offer IN 3 DAYS --and learn that what was considered impossible before--the removal of pimples, blackheads, freckles, tan, oily skin, large pores, wrinkles and other defects in the outer skin--can now be done harmlessly and economically at home in three days' time. as stated by legions of man and women, young and old. It is all explained in a new free treatise called "BEAUTIFUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS" which is being mailed absolutely free to readers of this magazine. So worry no more over your humiliating skin and complexion or signs of aging if your outer skin looks soiled and worn. Simply send your name and address to MARVO BEAUTY LABORA- TORIES, Dept. 324-S. No. 1700 Broadway, New York, N. Y., and you will recetro this new treatise by return mail in plain wrapper, postpaid and absolutely free. If pleased, tell friends. >The Cream of Weird Fiction WEIRD TALES prints the best weird fiction in the world today. The high literary quality of its stories is evi- denced by the comparatively large number of stories from WEIRD TALES that have been reprinted or awarded honorable mention in annual best fic- tion anthologies. You are assured of reading the best when you read WEIRD TALES, The Unique Magazine. WHISKEY HABIT Send for FREE TRIAL of NOXALCO, a guaranteed harmless home treatment. Can be given secretly in food or drink to anyone who drinks or craves Whiskey, Beer, Gin, Wine, etc. Your request for Free Trial brings trial supply by return mail and full $2.00 treatment which you may try under 30 day refund guarantee at our risk. ARLEE CO., H-52 BALTIMORE, MD. A Ghostly Voice from the Ether! It was as if some phantom were whispering through the ether in the language of another planet. Read "THE MOON TERROR" (in book form) PRICE--50c WEIRD TALES IS THE ORIGINAL AND LEADING WEIRD STORY MAGAZINE Subscribe to Weird Tales