132 WEIRD TALES gather at some secret center here in Eng- land. And every year, before that gather- ing, scores of people are kidnapped and never heard of again. I believe that all those people are kidnapped by this mys- terious Brotherhood." "But what becomes of the people they kidnap?" cried the pale young American. "What do they do with them?" Inspector campbell's bright brown eyes showed a hint of hooded horror, yet he shook his head. "I know no more than you. But whatever they do to the victims, they arc never heard of again." "But you must know something more!" Ennis protested. "What is this Door?" Campbell again shook his head. 'That too I don't know, but whatever it is, the Door is utterly sacred to the members of the Brotherhood, and whomever they mean by They Beyond the Door, they dread and venerate to the utmost." "Where leads the Door? It leads out- side our world," repeated Ennis. "What can that mean?" ' "It might have a symbolic meaning, referring to some secluded fastness of the order which is away from the rest of the world," the inspector said. "Or it might-" He stopped. "Or it might what?" pressed Ennis, his pale face dirust for- ward. "It might mean, literally, that the Door leads outside our world and uni- verse," finished the inspector. Ennis' haunted eyes stared. "You mean that this Door might somehow lead into another universe? But that's impos- sible!" "Perhaps unlikely," Campbell said quietly, "but not impossible. Modern sci- ence has taught us that there are other universes than the one we live in, uni- verses congruent and coincident with our own in space and time, yet separated from our own by the impassable barrier of totally different dimensions. It is not entirely impossible that a greater science than ours might find a way to pierce that barrier between our universe and one of those outside ones, that a Door should be opened from ours into one of those others in the infinite outside." "A door into the infinite outside," re- peated Ennis broodingly, looking past the inspector. Then he made a sudden move- ment of wild impatience, the dread leap- ing back strong in his eyes again. "Oh, what good is all this talk about Doors and infinite universes doing in finding Ruth? I want to do something! If you think this mysterious Brotherhood has taken her, you must surely have some idea of how we can get her back from them? You must know something more about them than you've told." "I don't know anything more certain- ly, but I've certain suspicions that amount to convictions," Inspector Campbell said. "I've been working on this Brotherhood for many years, and. block after block I've narrowed down to the place I think the order's local center, the London head- quarters of the Brotherhood of the Door." "Where is the place?" asked Ennis tensely. "It is the waterfront cafe of one Chan- dra Dass, a Hindoo, down by East India Docks," said the detective officer. "I've been there in disguise more than once, watching the place. This Chandra Dass I've found to be immensely feared by everyone in the quarter, which strength- ens my belief that he's one of the high officers of the Brotherhood. He's too ex- ceptional a man to be really running such a place." "Then if the Brotherhood took Ruth, she may be at that place now!" cried the young American, electrified. Campbell nodded his bald head. "She may very likely be. Tonight I'm going