308 WEIRD TALES ly awkward, as if she were little used to speech. It was soft, deeply rich, de- licious. "I am Karalee," she said. "Maru- Mora brought you here to her dwelling-- or a part of you--so that I might speak to you, for her." I--or the "part of me"--stood drink- ing in her sheer, glowing loveliness. Swift admiration had conquered my old diffidence with women, even my present amazement. I stood merely looking, de- lighted, until suddenly I was afraid that my gaze might offend or discomfit the girl. "I'm glad that she did," I said. "And I wish that she had brought all of me, so that perhaps I could stay." Deep and serene, the girl's clear blue eyes looked into mine. Her full lips quivered suddenly; her white nostrils flared to a deeper breath; her deep bosom lifted. "I wish, Ron Dunbar," her low voice said simply, "that you could stay." Afterward, I was surprized at my swift surrender to a woman in a dream. But emotion, as well as thought, all through that incredible experience, seemed more direct and clear than common. Some old restraint was left behind. "I'll come again," I found myself promising the girl. "Now I know the way. I'll fly back to these very mountains. Next time, all of me--for you." Eagerness shone bright on her face. "You will come, Ron--for me?" Gleaming tears misted her eyes. "And sometime--we can go out together--out into the World?" The sweet exotic piping of Maru-Mora came again then, swiftly urgent. The girl Karalee looked up at that supernal being, and back to me. And all the eagerness had gone from her face. It was a pale, bleak oval, stricken. The tears were gone. Her eyes were dry, dark with pain. "No, Ron, you must never come back." Her voice was steady and low. "That is what Maru-Mora brought you to hear. You must never fly your machine into this land again. You must promise that." I looked at her, sharing all the agony written on her white face. "But I'm coming back," I said, "before the sun is gone. I'm coming to take you away, Karalee--" Her face brightened for a moment, to a tortured eagerness of longing. She looked up again at the silent fantastic shape of Maru-Mora. "No, Ron Dunbar," her voice came slow and heavy with regret. "You must not come to this land again." Her tone quivered. "Never--not even for me. Maru-Mora forbids it." I looked up at the shining being that still held my hand in her tiny furry fin- gers, demanding: "Why?" 4. "They That Sleep" AGAIN that eldritch, plaintive piping sobbed from the elfin woman's head, gold-crowned and scarlet-plumed, above that flaring opalescent shell. Again the fair girl Karalee, so lovely in her trim white furs, rendered translation: "It is true, Ron Dunbar, that you are planning to fly here again, with new com- panions, before this sun is gone?" "It is," I said, surprized. "It is true," Karalee gave the next question, "that your purpose is to thaw the ice from all this world?" Perhaps I shouldn't have been amazed at that. After all, Maru-Mora had come to New York after me. It didn't much increase the wonder of it, I suppose, that she now displayed knowledge of what had occurred there, that evening, in Hard- ing's apartment. For an instant, however, I was speech- less. A strange fear chilled and shook