THE HOUND OF PEDRO 569    lives. And far away the messengers sped south to spread the tale.  3  DON MANUEL DIGRON halted his march at the head of the canyon. Signal fires smoked in the dusk, and the three emissaries were waiting as the messengers had said.  They held a secret parley in the darkness, while Don Manuel listened to the natives' story. He scowled deeply as he heard, then broached his plan of action. The Yaquis nodded, then faded away in the gloom of the twilight canyons.  The men-at-arms dismounted, en- camped. Don Manuel Digron kept counsel with his aide, Diego.  "Sure it is the same man," he growled. "This is Black Pedro Do- minguez, of whom they speak. Friar Orspito tells me that this Pedro is long wedded to the Devil, for the Holy Inquisition seeks him even now in Mother Spain. He fled from there with the Moor, Abouri--a black wiz- ard of Granada; men tell of their exploits. The hound Pedro rules is not an earthly thing, I warrant, if tales I've heard are true."  "What does such a man here?" Diego inquired. A frown crossed Don Manuel's lean face.  "I know not. He left Mexico City --he and his band of freebooters and gutter-rats--no doubt the smell of gold lured him across the plains to Sonora. It is always so. With gold he and his damned sorcerer can com- mand an empire."  "Are we to turn him over to Mother Church or the civil authori- ties?" asked Diego.   "Neither," Manuel drawled. "We have no horses to convey forty cap-      tives across the desert, nor water and provisions to sustain them. They must be disposed of here--and if half the tales of evil magic be true, it is God's work to do this."  The Don stared at the fire for a moment, then continued.  "We may taste of necromancy to- night, Diego. The chieftains inform me that this is the eve appointed for sacrifice. A living maiden is delivered to him once each moon. I trust our arrival is timely; I do not care to pon- der on the usage accorded a woman by these sorcerous swine."  The two men ate and drank.  4  TWO MEN ate and drank within the mission walls. Black Pedro dined tonight with Abouri, the Moor; they toasted gold and goety alike from amber goblets.  There was little of speech between them, but many a glance of dark un- derstanding. The Moor smiled after a long silence, and lifted his glass.  "Fortune!" he pledged.  Pedro sneered, his little pig-eyes sullen with discontent.  "When shall we leave this cursed hole, Abouri? I long for cities where there is no sun to dry the juices from my body; we've gold enough to ran- som the kings of all the world. Why tarry?"  The Moor pursed his lips urbanely as he stroked his graying beard, and his smile was placating.  "Patience," he counseled. "Be guided by my wisdom, O brother. Was it not I who led you from the galleys to riches beyond all dreams? Did we not pledge a pact before Ahriman, your Sathanas; has not He guided us on our way?"