  WEIRD TALES 113    "It seems you took a fearful risk in shipping such a fragile and predous article into this country," I suggested.  "It was risky. Still, I would rather have had it shattered en route than fall into the hands of the spoilers who looted my house in Stamboul. But as luck would have it, there was a babbler among my enemies, so that I had warning. I packed my treasures, and smuggled them out, one at a time. And the night before the bowstring was to grace my throat, my family and I left in disguise."  Bin Ayyub paused to reflect a moment, wondering, perhaps, whether to carry on or change the subject. And then the dark- ness of his deep-set eyes flared fiercely.  "Do you see that cord?" He indicated a fine strand of hard-braided silk which hung from the peg that supported the simitar at the right of the alcove con- taining the Byzantine urn. "My enemy      was so careless as to walk by moonlight the evening before a doom was to settle on my house. And as a souvenir of the promenade, I brought with me that fine, stout cord which, for all he cared, I might have left there to chafe his throat," con- cluded bin Ayyub, as he stroked his black mustache.  And then he showed me how the bow- string is employed; that flickering, swift gesture of his long, lean hands was grue- somely convincing. Bin Ayyub was in- deed a versatile man.  "Swift and probably painless?" I vol- unteered.  "Yes. But if I had my choice of deaths," mused bin Ayyub, "I would elect to be drowned in a pool of that perfume, with my breath so rich with its fragrance that my senses would entirely forsake me. ..."  A tinkle of bracelets interrupted his    GOING FAST! If you have not read the April, 1934, issue of "Weird Tales" we are giving you this last opportunity to procure a copy. A few of the superb stories in this issue are: SATAN'S GARDEN, by E. Hoffmann Price. The story of a terrific adventure in Bayonne, two ravishingly beautiful girls, occult evil and sudden death in the lair of the hasheesh-eaters. BLACK THIRST, by C. L. Moore. A fascinating story about a weird charac- ter called the Alendar, whose every move is cloaked in mystery. SHADOWS IN THE MOONLIGHT, by Robert E. Howard. A colossal tale about gigantic iron statues that stood in a ghastly row in the moonlight. THE DEATH OF MALYGRIS, by Clark Ashton Smith. Even in death, the mighty wizard proved himself greater than his peers--a story of weird sorcery. BEHIND THE SCREEN, by Dale Clark. The tale of a doomed man who ex- perienced a terrible awakening in a curious shop in Chinatown. Because of the limited supply, we urge you to send in your order at once, if you desire to obtain a copy. Price 25 cents. WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois  W. T.--8  