THE SHADOW ON THE SCREEN 327 Only the dark blob capping the great shadow faded and flickered, as though strange light were streaming from it; the light that was fed by sacrifice, the jewel that was--life. BESIDE me there came a rustle. I felt Ann stir and move closer in the gloom. Keene's voice came from some distance away. "There were several more sacrifice scenes, Haviland, but I haven't patched them in yet, except for the one you'll see in a moment now. As I said, the film isn't finished." I did not answer. My eyes were on the screen as the fantastic tale unfolded. The pictured Keene was bringing another vic- tim to his cavern, a short, fat man with sleekly pomaded black hair. I did not see his face until he had been imprisoned in the cave, and then, abruptly, there came a close-up shot, probably done with a telescopic lens. His plump face, with its tiny mustache, leaped into gigantic visibility, and I recognized Andy Worth. It was the missing columnist, but for the first time I saw his veneer of sophisti- cation lacking. Naked fear crawled in his eyes, and I leaned forward in my seat as the ghastly barrel-shaped shadow sprang out on the wall. Worth saw it, and the expression on his face was shock- ing. I pushed back my chair and got up as the lights came on. The screen went blank. Arnold Keene was staanding by the door, erect and military as ever. He had a gun in his hand, and its muzzle was aimed at my stomach. "You had better sit down, Haviland," he said quietly. "You too, Miss Howard. I've something to tell you--and I don't wish to be melodramatic about it. This gun"--he glanced at it wryly--"is neces- sary. There are a few things you must know, Haviland, for a reason you'll un- derstand later." I said, "There'll be some visitors here for you soon, Keene. You don't think I'd neglect normal precautions!" He shrugged. "You're lying, of course. Also you're unarmed, or you'd have had your gun out by now. I didn't expect you until tomorrow night, but I'm prepared. In a word, what I have to tell you is this: the film you just saw is a record of actual events." Ann's teeth sank into her lip, but I didn't say anything. I waited, and Keene resumed. "Whether you believe me or not doesn't matter, for you'll have to believe in a few minutes. I told you something of my motive, my desire to create a genu- ine masterpiece of weirdness. That's what I've done, or will have done before to- morrow. Quite a number of vagrants and laborers have disappeared, and the col- umnist, Worth, as well; but I took care to leave no clues. You'll be the last to van- ish--you and this girl." "You'll never be able to show the film," I told him. "What of it? You're a hack, Haviland, and you can't understand what it means to create a masterpiece. Is a work of art any less beautiful because it's hidden? I'll see the picture--and after I'm dead the world will see it, and realize my genius even though they may fear and hate its expression. The reactions of my unwilling actors--that's the trick. As a director, you should know that there's no substitute for realism. The reactions were not faked--that was obvious enough. The first sacrifice was that of a clod--an unintelligent moron, whose fears were largely superstitious. The next sacrifice was of a higher type--a vagrant who came begging to my door some months ago. You will complete the group, for you'll know just what you're facing, and