124 WEIRD TALES alone to WT, but to his admirers and ac- quaintances the world over. I shall always regret that I never had the good fortune of meeting him personally, but I am truly grateful for the impulse which prompted me to write to him a few months ago, and that I have two letters in his own hand. What most impressed me were his sincerity and genuineness, which qualities were not alone in making him unique among modern writers. You have my sympathy, for this must be a hard time, but I imagine it is a feeling of pride for you to know that so many of his stories originally appeared in WEIRD TALES. Unlike many other men of genius, Lovecraft was fortunate enough to be living at a time when his work was recognized as outstanding. With the passing of time this recognition will become more universal and his work will take its proper place in the world's great literature." Concise Comments John Hartsfield, of New Bern, North Caro- lina, writes: "How about some more stories from Seabury Quinn? His are the 'busi- ness.' Incidentally, where does Mr. Quinn live?" [You shall have more stories by Mr. Quinn; another of his fascinating tales about Jules de Grandin will appear in WT soon. Mr. Quinn lives in Brooklyn.} Miss Mary A. Conklin, of Coldwater, Michigan, writes: "Fine issue this month (April). Virgil Finlay's cover superb. Fine handling of shadows and colors. More, please!" I. I. Mabbott, of New York City, writes: "The Mannikin, by Robert Bloch, is the most original thing in a long while; the un- developed twin theme is new to me. Fes- senden's Worlds is good, but I've read a similar story from the point of view of the tiny people." Samuel Gordon, of Washington, D. C., writes: "After meeting Earl Peirce person- ally, I may be prejudiced in his favor, but I think his story, The Death Mask, is the best in the April issue. Henry Kuttner's lit- tle story, We Are the Dead, certainly clicked. If you know Arlington Cemetery, you can appreciate Kuttner's story. By the way, I know why they died. It was to make the world safe for democracy. Of course." Dorothy Reed, of Sacramento, California, writes: "No modern magazine gives me so much pleasure as WEIRD TALES. It may be a streak of ghoulish atavism in me, but I am sincerely glad there are many others who feel the same." Marianne Ferguson, of Worcester, Mas- sachusetts, writes: "The cover on January didn't follow the story true enough, but you sure made up with the February cover, the best cover in years. I liked it much better than naked, shrieking maids. It was truly weird. Dig Me No Grave, Robert E. How- ard's classic, was a thriller; I heaved not a few shudders, and you can bet I avoided dark pleces for a week." Dorothy McCown, of Daytona Beach, Florida, writes: "The Death Mask is one of the best stories of its kind I've ever read. Unusual style." Robert A. Madle, of Philadelphia, writes: "Virgil Finlay's second cover is even better than his initial outside drawing. It would please me immensely if you continue to alternate with Margaret Brundage and Vir- gil Finlay on the covers. Whatever you do, don't lose either of them. They are the best cover artists I have ever seen, and their drawings make WT appear much more at- tractive than other magazines." B. Burnill, of Seattle, writes: "I liked Henry Hasse's Guardian of the Book best of all in the March WT--think the lad should develop into a fine WEIRD TALES writer. It was excellent." Bruce Bryan, of Washington, D. C., writes: "Lovecraft had a rare faculty for be- ginning with something commonplace and budding up an overwhelming aura of hor- ror that left his readers hanging onto the ropes. In that sense, I can't think of anyone who could surpass him. He had a knack of delving into man's subconscious, untrans- lated fears--putting them into an appreci- able form, giving them appealing names and personifying one's own, inmost, half- comprehended, even personal nightmares." L. M. Nankivell, of Steelton, Pennsyl- vania, writes: "Duar the Accursed recalls scenes depicted by Robert E. Howard. I hope the author will continue. The dialogue was good. Henry Kenner's story was good also, as all of his tales always are." John V. Baltadonis, of Philadelphia, writes: "The new serial, The Last Pharaoh, starts off fine. I look forward eagerly to the next issue to continue this thrilling yarn." Richard F. Behm, of Los Angeles, writes: