THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 225 you feel that you're having enough of demonology in real life, you will find a whole row of light novels, including most of P. G. Wodehouse." He held out his hand in farewell. "William will get you anything you want. There's tobacco and a choice of pipes on my desk. Whisky, too, though you don't look like the sort that drinks before noon." With that he was gone, and I watched him from the window. He moved sturdily across the bright snow to a shed, slid open its door and entered. Soon there emerged a sedan, old but well-kept, with the judge at the wheel. He drove away down a snow-filled road toward town. I did not know what to envy most in him, his learning, his assurance or his good-nature. The assurance, I decided once; then it occurred to me that he was in nothing like the awkward position I held. He was only a sympathetic ally-- but why was he that, even? I tried to analyze his motives, and could not. SITTING down in his study, I saw on the desk the Montague Summers book on werewolves. It lay open at page 111, and my eyes lighted at once upon a passage underscored in ink--apparently some time ago, for the mark was beginning to rust a trifle. It included a quotation from Res- titution of Decayed Intelligence, written by Richard Rowlands in 1605: "... were-wolues are certaine sorcerers, who hauvin annoynted their bodyes, with an oyntment which they make by the in- stinct of the deuil; and putting on a cer- tain inchanted girdel, do not only vnto the view of others seeme as wolues, but to their own thinking haue both the shape and the nature of wolues, so long as they weare the said girdel. And they do dis- pose theselves as uery wolues, in wurry- ing and killing, and moste of humaine creatures. This came to the bottom of the page, where someone, undoubtedly Pursuivant, had written: "Ointment and girdle sound as if they might have a scientific expla- nation," And, in the same script, but smaller, the following notes filled the margin beside: Possible Werewolf MotivationsI. Involuntary lycanthrony.1. Must have blood to drink (connectionwith vampirism?).2. Must have secrecy.3. Driven to desperation by contemplatinghorror of own position.II. Voluntary lycamhropy.1. Will to do evil.2. Will to exert power through fear.III. Contributing factors to becomingwerewolf.1. Loneliness and dissatisfaction.2. Hunger for forbidden foods (humanflesh, etc.).3. Scorn and hate of fellow men, general orspecific.4. Occult curiosity.5. Simon-pure insanity (Satanist complex).Are any or all of these traits to be found inwerewolfFind one and ask it. THAT was quite enough lycanthropy for the present, so far as I was con- cerned. I drew a book of Mark Twain from the shelf--I seem to remember it as Tom Sawyer Abroad--and read all the morning. Noon came, and I was about to ask the judge's negro servant for some lunch, when he appeared in the door of the study. "Someone with a message, sah," he an- nounced, and drew aside to admit Susan Gird. I fairly sprang to my feet, dropping my book upon the desk. She advanced slowly into the room, her pale face grave but friendly. I saw that her eyes were darkly circled, and that her cheeks showed gaunt, as if with strain and weariness. She put out a hand, and I took it. "A message?" I repeated William's words. "Why, yes." She achieved a smile, and W. T.-7