178 WEIRD TALES He went boldly in through the arched entrance to an inner court where green fires burned in a great ring, five points of two interlacing triangles which showed black upon the gray dust of the floor. In the center of this cabalistic symbol stood El Shabur, clothed in black. The rod he held was of black ebony. Gunnar drew breath. He listened to the toneless continuous muttering of the sheykh. What point had El Shabur reached in his conjurations? How long since he had drawn Merle's soul from the lovely quiet body lying in her tent? It was of vital importance to know. If the devilish business was only begun, he might free her. If El Shabur had reached the last stage, closed the door behind the soul he was luring from its habitation, then it was fatally late. He listened, head thrust forward, try- ing to distinguish the rapidly muttered words. "Shekinah! Aralim! Ophanim! Assist me in the name of Melek Taos, Ruler of wind and stars and sea, who commands the four elements in the might of Adonai and the Ancient Ones!" "A-h-h-h!" Gunnar gave a deep gasp- ing sigh of relief. He was not too late. Sheykh El Shabur called on his allies. Merle's spirit was not yet cut off from its home. Her will resisted the Arab's com- pulsion. He leaped forward, oversetting all five braziers. Their fire spilled and died out instantly. In the cold clear moon- light, El Shabur loomed tall, menacing. He stood glaring across the courtyard at the intruder. His black-clad figure over- shadowed the Icelander's by many inches, like a cloud, like a bird of prey. Malig- nant, implacable he towered. Gunnar's golden head sank. His strong, straight body seemed to shrink and crumple. Inch by inch he retreated, until he reached the wall. He tried to meet the Arab's unblinking stare and failed. Again his bright head sank. His eyes sought the dusty earth. But his whole frame trem- bled with a wild, fanatical excitement. He had succeeded so far--had brought El Shabur back from that void where Merle's spirit had so perilously wandered. She was free. Free to go back to that still white body lying in her tent. "So! You love this girl. You would save her from me. You--who cannot save yourself!" 'You're right." The young man's voice shook. "Right as far as I'm con- cerned. But Miss Anthony's on a differ- ent plane. You're not going to play your filthy tricks on her." "So! It would seem that, in spite of my teaching, you are not yet well disci- plined. Have you forgotten your vow? Have you forgotten that a cabalist may never retreat one inch of the road he treads? Have you forgotten the punish- ment that overtakes the renegade?" "I would die to save her from you." The other showed white teeth in a mirthless sardonic grin. "Die!" echoed his deep, mocking voice. "Death is not for us. Are you not initi- ated and under protection? What can bring death to such as you?" "There must be a way of escape for me --and for her. I will defeat you yet, El Shabur!" The Icelander's voice rose. His eyes were blazing. He stepped forward. Moonlight touched his shining hair, his passion-contorted features, his angry, bloodshot eyes. Control slipped from him. He strove in vain to recapture it, to use his reason. He knew that anger was delivering him bound and helpless into his enemy's hands. It had been so from their first encounter. Emotion versus reason. He knew his fatal weakness, and strove against it now--in vain. Long