114 WEIRD TALES recall them. You will take down every- thing that I say while I am under the influence of the drug. No matter how strange or incoherent my speech may be- come you will omit nothing. When I awake I may be able to supply the key to whatever is mysterious or incredible. I am not sure that I shall succeed, but if I do succeed"--his eyes were strangely luminous--"time will exist for me no longer!" He sat down abruptly. "I shall make the experiment at once. Please stand over there by the window and watch. Have you a fountain pen?" I nodded gloomily and removed a pale green Waterman from my upper vest pocket. "And a pad, Frank?" I groaned and produced a memoran- dum book. "I emphatically disapprove of this experiment," I muttered. "You're taking a frightful risk." "Don't be an asinine old woman!" he admonished. "Nothing; that you can say will induce me to stop now. I entreat you to remain silent while I study these charts." He raised the charts and studied them intently. I watched the clock on the man- tel as it ticked out the seconds, and a curious dread clutched as my heart so that I choked. Suddenly the clock stopped ticking, and exactly at that moment Chalmers swallowed the drug. I rose quickly and moved toward him, but his eyes implored me not to inter- fere. "The clock has stopped," he mur- mured. "The forces that control it ap- prove of my experiment. Time stopped, and I swallowed the drug. I pray God that I shall not lose my way." He closed his eyes and leaned back on the sofa. All of the blood, had left his face and be was breath heavily. It was clear that the drug was acting with extraordinary rapidity. "It is beginning to get dark," he mur- mured. "Write that. It is beginning to get dark and the familiar objects in the room are fading out. I can discern them vaguely through my eyelids, but they are fading swiftly." I shook my pen to make the ink come and wrote rapidly in shorthand as he con- tinued to dictate. "I am leaving the room. The walls are vanishing and I can no longer see any of the familiar objects. Your face, though, is still visible to me. I hope that you are writing. I think that I am about to make a great leap--a leap through space. Or perhaps it is through time that I shall make the leap. I cannot tell. Everything is dark, indistinct." He sat for a, while silent, with his head sunk upon his breast. Then suddenly he stiffened and his eyelids fluttered open. "God in heaven!" he cried. "I see!" He was straining forward in his chair, staring at the opposite wall. But I knew that he was looking beyond the wall and that the objects in the room no longer existed for him. "Chalmers," I cried, "Chalmers, shall I wake you?" "Do not!" he shrieked. "I see every- thing. All of the billions of lives that preceded me on this planet are before me at this moment. I see men of all ages, all races, all colors. They are fighting, killing, building, dancing, singing. They are sitting about rude fires on lonely gray deserts, and flying through the air in monoplanes. They are riding the seas in bark canoes and enormous steamships; they are painting bison and mammoths on the walls of dismal caves and covering huge canvases with queer futuristic designs. I watch the migrations from Atlantis. I watch the migrations from Lemuria. I see the elder races--a strange horde of black dwarfs overwhelming