188 WEIRD TALES They rode on through an endless war- ren of twisting dark lanes. Dale dropped behind Merle and the Arab when only two could ride abreast; he liked to have El Shabur before his eyes when possible. He could see Merle talking earnestly. Her companion seemed interested, his hands moved in quick eloquent gesture, he seemed reassuring her on some point. Gunnar, surely! No other subject in com- mon could exist between those two. Past the date-markets, under the shad- ow of the square white tomb of Sidi Suli- man, past palm-shaded gardens, until they reached a hill shaped like a sugar-loaf and honeycombed with tombs. "The Hill of the Dead!" El Shabur waved a lean dark hand. "Quite," replied Dale. "It looks like it." The Arab pointed to the white Rest- House built on a level terrace cut in the hillside. "It is there that travelers stay-- such as come to Siwa." "Very appropriate. One does associate rest with tombs, after all." Merle looked up at the remarkable hill with blank, uninterested gaze. "Ilbrahaim will take your camels. If you will dismount here! The fonduk is on the other side of the city." The sheykh dismounted as he spoke. He sent the servant off with the weary beasts, and left the cousins with a salaam to Dale and a deep mocking obeisance to the girl. They watched him out of sight. The hood of his black burnoose obscured head and face; its wide folds, dark and ominous as the sable w-ings of a bird of prey, swung to his proud free walk. They sighed with relief as the tall figure van- ished in Siwa's gloomy narrow streets. "What were you two chinning about on the way here?" Dale steered the exhaust- ed girl up the steep rocky path. "You seemed to goad our friend to unusual elo- quence." "I was asking about Gunnar. What else is there to say to him? Oh, do look at that!" Below stretched rolling sandy dunes, palm groves, distant ranges of ragged peaks, the silver glint of a salt lake, and a far-off village on the crest of a rocky summit in the east. He looked, not at the extraordinary beauty of desert, hill and lake, but at Merle. She had switched the conversation abruptly. Also, she was gazing out over the desert with eyes that saw nothing be- fore them. He was certain of that. She was keyed up--thinking, planning, an- ticipating something. What? He knew she'd made up her mind to action, and guessed it was concerned with Gunnar. Long experience had taught him the futil- ity of questioning her. They found the Rest-House surpriz- ingly clean and cool. Ilbrahaim pres- ently returned to look after them. No other guests were there. It w'as getting on toward evening when Dale was summoned to appear before the Egyptian authorities and report on his visit. He knew the easily offended, touchy character of local rulers and authorities, and that it was wise to obey the summons. But about Merle! He glanced at her over the top of a map he was pretending to study. "Would you care to come along with me across the city? Or will you stay here with Ilbrahaim and watch the sunset? Fa- mous here, I've read." "Yes," she replied, her eyes on a pencil sketch she w'as making of the huddled roofs seen from an open window where she sat. "My fault, I'll start again! A--Will you come with me? B--Will you stay with Ilbrahaim?" "B." She looked up for a moment, then returned to her sketch.