360 WEIRD TALES    summons came he would go gladly, like him "who wraps the drapery of his couch about him and lies down to pleas- ant dreams." With throbbing heart he listened for another torrent of words that would still further stab his sensitive soul; for he had loved and revered his master from his youth up.  But no words came. He wheeled about. The massive head had fallen limp- ly among the pillows. Pallid lips were trying to form sentences without result. Then the great body seemed to subside immeasurably deeper into the covers and a death-like stillness fell upon the room.  Intuitively feeling that his master was worse than at any previous relapse, Biggs made every effort to revive him, gently at first, and then by vigorously shaking and calling to him in a heart-broken, piteous voice. But to no avail. The heavy figure looked pallid and corpse-like un- der the snowy sheets.  Long hours dragged by, and still the lonely old servant sat mutely beside the bed, only aroused, at last, by the peremp- tory, measured call of the telephone bell.  "Yes," said Biggs in a quavering voice. "Oh yes, Doctor Meredith, Mas- ter's resting easy. Don't think you'll need to come until tomorrow."  "I'll keep them away as long as I can," he muttered, as he slipped back to his vigil. "God grant--maybe he'll come back--and take up the work of the Mas- ter, so long delayed. Oh God! If Thou wouldst only take me in his stead!"  Sleeping fitfully, Biggs sat dumbly through an interminable night, but the new day brought no reassuring sign from the inert form. The stillness was appall- ing. The other servants were quartered in a distant part of the mansion and only came when summoned. Again Biggs as- sured the physician that he could gain nothing by calling, and another awful      night found him, ashen and distraught, at the bedside. Sometime in the still watches he swooned and kindly nature patched up his shredded nerves, before consciousness once more aroused him. But the strain was more than he could bear. So when the anxious specialist came, unbidden, he found a shattered old watchman who broke down complete- ly and babbled forth the whole myste- rious tale, concealing nothing but the secret of the tomb.  In a coffin previously made to order, they laid the unembalmed remains of Judson McMasters in the family mauso- leum, and the world which had felt his masterful presence for so many years paused long enough to lay a costly trib- ute on his bier and then went smoothly on its way.  Not so with the faithful Biggs. En- sconced in his master's bedroom, he nightly tossed in troubled sleep, filled with the jangling of innumerable electric bells. And when--on the tenth night, after he had been somewhat reassured that all was well--he was suddenly awakened by a mad, incessant ringing from the hidden alarm, a deathly weak- ness overcame him and it was some time before he was able to drag his palsied body from the bed. With fumbling, clumsy fingers he tried to hasten, but it was many minutes before he tottered, half dressed, out of the room. And as he did so, his heart almost stood still, then mounted to his throat as if to choke him.  "Biggs!"--a voice--McMaster's voice was calling.  He staggered to the head of the wide, massive stairway and looked down. There stood the banker, pale, emaciated, but smiling.  And then, as from an endless distance, came more words:  "I forgot to tell you that I had a trap-