532 WEIRD TALES    the shouts of those above, as they real- ized my escapc. Directly ahead was a faint glow--scarcely more than a less impenetrable darkness--that I was cer- tain would lead to some street beyond. A bullet whizzed past my head, but I had broken into a wild dash, and a mo- ment later found myself on a narrow, dimly-lit lane.  The dark outlines of some structure on the right showed where it ended, but directly ahead a vacant lot of brush and weeds stretched away to an outline of lights. Across this I tore at break- neck speed. A solitary figure appeared on the street, shouted at me, and ran after me still shouting. But I took no notice of him save to dash on faster. I heard his shouts long after I lost sight of him.  At the far end of the weeds a nar- row street showed the lights of several shops and stores. Two iron lines told of a car track, and even as I halted, there came the sound of distant rum- bling.  Pausing, I listened for some noise that might warn of pursuit, but no sound came from the blackness be- hind me, and the street ahead was tem- porarily deserted.  For several squares I ran swiftly, then turning into a little all-night cafe, in the lavatory I removed the grime of the adventure. When I emerged a few minutes later it was to discover a taxi traveling slowly along the street, and in less than an hour I was safe in my hotel room once more.   SO IT was that I escaped the first trap of The Wolf, and for a time at least was unmindful of the pitfalls ahead; though could I have seen into that black future, I doubt whether I would have considered my escape so fortunate.     The following noon the Drockland sailed, and America disappeared in the blue; but as I boarded the steamer, I failed to notice the strange pair who watched me from the upper deck, failed to see the hatred on those two faces, nor did I know of the plot that even then was being hatched to keep me from Dakar.  During the following days at sea I must have passed them many times, but as their faces were ever from me, I paid no attention to them. But surely there was enough to occupy me in the lazy days that followed. Watching the mounting white-caps from a deck chair in the sunlight or seeing the play of the moonbeams on the distant rolling water, I could think of nothing but the mystery that was mine.  In the name of sanity, among what manner of weird humans had a fickle fate now thrown me? Here I was bound for the interior of the great Sa- hara, in search of the mummy of one whose purple-sailed and silver-oared barge had cut the waters of the Nile two thousand years ago, one whose loveliness had charmed the heart of Caesar in the days of Roman conquest. I was an employee in the service of a dark-eyed beauty who had calmly in- formed me that she knew that famed enchantress in those dim and distant days!  Manuel De Costa was another mys- tery. Who was this man who would not halt at murder to gain what he wanted: an age-old Egyptian parch- ment whose authenticity had been doubted by so many? He had readily admitted it had brought him halfway around the world, but the glib Span- iard did not strike me as being an arch- eologist, or one who would journey anywhere without a definite reason. No; there must be something else be-