564 WEIRD TALES    tide in the little stone chapel of the mission. Almost it seemed as though they pealed in welcome to the little band of men that rode up through the canyon to Novorros town that noon. Indeed they might, for the sha- man's drums had boomed over the western hills the night before, spread- ing the story of the caballero who rode with his beast of black.  The Yaqui tribesmen filled the streets, their sullen faces illumined by the light of curiosity. The padre and his two brothers of the cloth watched discreetly from the steps of the mis- sion as Black Pedro Dominguez rode into town.   FORTY men and fifty horses smoked through the dust at a gallop. Strange, shining men, faceless in iron armor, straddling snorting steeds--the In- dians were curiously impressed. They knew of the conquistadores from tales their fathers told; they had seen horses before. But the sight of the burnished steel corselets, the sun- tipped lances, the grilled masks-- these things impressed them.  The padre and his brethren were impressed, too, but by more subtle details. They noted the man that rode behind the leader, the tall, lean figure on the white pony whose garb differed curiously from the war-like raiment of his fellows. This thin rider's face was hidden not by steel but by a silken mask; he wore no hel- met, but a curious turban. By this and by his light Saracenic armor the priests knew him for a Moor. A Moor of Granada--here!  Then there was the heavy figure on the bay mare, the man who sat un- easily astride as though unused to rid- ing. He wore no helmet, but about his head was wound a scarlet necker-      chief. The glitter of his squinting eyes was matched by the sparkle of the gold earrings that dangled at either side of his bearded visage. He carried neither sword nor spear, but in his bloused belt reposed a hilted cutlass, in a scabbard that shone with jewels. The padre recognized him, for he had crossed the Caribbean in a galleon long years ago. This man was a buccaneer.  There were other unusual features which the white men observed while the Yaquis remained in ignorance, but there were two things which both groups noticed, two objects which im- pressed: Black Pedro Dominguez and his hound.  Had anyone present known of the legend, the camparison would have been irresistible, for Pedro Domin- guez was seated on his horse like a malignant Buddha. He was a hog in armor, a swarthy, bearded hog whose porcine jowls were surmounted by a splayed nose and the skull-shadowed eyes of a more carnivorous beast. His forehead was a livid scar; he had been branded there by slave-irons, it seemed. There was something im- pressive about the man's very obscene ugliness; he was Buddha, but Buddha turned demon.  The natives felt it, the priests felt it. Here was evil in man.  Then they saw the hound. A great black shape loped at the heels of Pedro's horse. Huge as a cougar, supple as a panther, black as the vel- vet of midnight; this was the hound of Pedro. Yellow claws gleamed in the ink of great splayed paws; dark muscles rippled across the enormous belly. The lion-head was jeweled with ruby eyes, and the great slavering jaws opened on a fanged red maw that gaped in hideous hunger.