278 WEIRD TALES but Doctor Bentley and de Grandin gave no sign of recognition. "Thou knowest, Lord, the secrets of our hearts, shut not Thy merciful ears to our prayer, but spare us, Lord most holy ..." intoned the clergyman, and, "Amen," said Jules de Grandin firmly as the prayer concluded. The Æolian wailing in the evergreens died to a sobbing, low clamation as Doc- tor Bentley traced in sand a cross upon the snow-capped grave, declaring: "Unto Almighty God we commend the soul of our departed sister, and we commit her body to the ground: earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in the sure and certain hope of the Resurrection into eter- nal life...." And now there was no odor of corrup- tion in the ghostly perfume, but the clean, inspiring scent of frankincense, redolent of worship at a thousand consecrated altars. As the last amen was said and Doctor Bentley turned away I could have sworn I heard a gentle slapping sound and saw the blond hairs of de Grandin's small mustache bend inward, as though a pair of lips invisible to me had kissed him on the mouth. DOCTOR BENTLEY dined with us that night, and over coffee and liqueurs we discussed the case. "It was a fine thing you did," the cleric told de Grandin, "Six men in seven would have sent him packing and bid him work out his salvation--or damna- tion--for himself. There's an essential nastiness in Devil-worship which is re- volting to the average man, not to men- tion its abysmal wickedness--" "Tiens, who of us can judge another's wickedness?" the little Frenchman an- swered. "The young man was repentant, and repentance is the purchase price of heavenly forgiveness. Besides"--a look of strain, like a nostalgic longing, came into his eyes--"before the altar of a con- vent in la belle France kneels one whom I have loved as I can never love another in this life. Ceaselessly, except the little time she sleeps, she makes prayer and intercession for a sinful world. Could I hold fast the memory of our love if I refused to match in works the prayer she makes in faith? Eh bien, mon père, my inclination was to give him a smart kick in the posterior; to bid him go and sin no more, but sinfully or otherwise, to go. Ha, but I am strong, me. I overcame that inclination." The earnestness of his expression faded and an impish grin replaced it as he poured a liberal potion of Napoléon 1811 in his brandy-snifler. "Jules de Grandin," he apostrophized himself, "you have acted like a true man. You have overcome your natural desires; you have kept the faith. "Jules de Grandin, my good and much- admired self--be pleased to take a drink!"