  Spawn of Dagon By HENRY KUTTNER  An eldritch, fearsome tale of the worship of the fish-god in the ancient world, and the prowess of a doughty swordsman in old Atlantis     Under all graves they murmur, They murmur and rebel, Down to the buried kingdoms creep, And like a lost rain roar and weep O'er the red heavens of hell. --Chesterton.  TWO streams of blood trickled slowly across the rough boards of the floor. One of them emerged from a gaping wound in the throat of a prostrate, armor-clad body; the other dripped from a chink in the battered cuirass, and the swaying light of a hang- ing lamp cast grotesque shadows over the corpse and the two men who crouched on their hams watching it. They were both very drunk. One of them, a tall, extreme- ly slender man whose bronzed body seemed boneless, so supple was it, mur- mured:  "I win, Lycon. The blood wavers strangely, but the stream I spilt will reach this crack first." He indicated a space be- tween two planks with the point of his rapier.  Lycon's child-like eyes widened in astonishment. He was short, thick-set, with a remarkably simian face set atop his broad shoulders. He swayed slightly as he gasped, "By Ishtar! The blood runs up- hill!"  Elak, the slender man, chuckled. "After all the mead you swilled the ocean might run up-hill. Well, the wager's won; I get the loot." He got up and stepped over to the dead man. Swiftly he searched him, and suddenly muttered an explosive curse. "The swine's as      bare as a Bacchic vestal! He has no purse."  Lycon smiled broadly and looked more than ever like an undersized hairless ape. "The gods watch over me," he said in satisfaction.  "Of all the millions in Atlantis you had to pick a fight with a pauper," Elak groaned. "Now we'll have to flee San- Mu, as your quarrels have forced us to flee Poseidonia and Kornak. And the San-Mu mead is the best in the land. If you had to cause trouble, why not choose a fat usurer? We'd have been paid for our trouble, then, at least."  "The gods watch over me," Lycon re- iterated, leaning forward and then rock- ing back, chuckling to himself. He leaned too far and fell on his nose, where he re- mained without moving. Something dropped from the bosom of his tunic and fell with a metallic sound to the oaken floor. Lycon snored.  Elak, smiling unpleasantly, appropri- ated the purse and investigated its con- tents. "Your fingers are swifter than mine," he told the recumbent Lycon, "but I can hold more mead than you. Next time don't try to cheat one who has more brains in his big toe than you have in all your misshapen body. Scavenging little ape! Get-up; the innkeeper is returning with soldiers."  He thrust the purse into the wallet at his belt and kicked Lycon heartily, but the small thief failed to awaken. Cursing with a will, Elak hoisted the body of the other to his shoulders and staggered    