634 WEIRD TALES    right hand, and the finger of his right hand snapped in my grasp--snapped, and--gave way !  I struggled in the first faint rays of dawn, struggled as I felt the old, old, sunken earth give way beneath my feet. And the sun rose over the edge of the earth, and flamed red into my desper- ate eyes. I turned for a last time to the inscrutable face, and in those blood-red rays of the dawn I saw at last revealed --the grinning, fleshless jaws, the empty eye-sockets of--  Statement by the Superintendent of St. Margaret's Insane Asylum   ms document was found in the room of Leonora --, who was pronounced dead of heart-failure by the resident physician. Attendants who rushed to the room on hearing wild cries, and who found her dead, believe the fatal attack to have been caused by the excitement of writing down her extraordinary narration.  The doctor who had attended her considered her the victim of a strange form of auto-hypnosis. She undoubt- edly disappeared from her home on the night of the eighteenth of March, and was found two days later in an old cemetery, three hundred miles away. When found, she was incoherent and      hysterical, and was holding in her hand the finger of a skeleton. How and where she might have come by this, it was and is impossible to surmise.  It seems, however, that she must have been lured from her home by some stranger, and have escaped or been abandoned near the cemetery; that she must have read of the legend of Leonora, and that it must have made a morbid impression on her mind which later, following the shock which caused her to lose her reason, dictated the form her insanity was to take.  It is true that her skin, from the time of her discovery in the graveyard, had a peculiar appearance suggestive of the skin of a leprous person, or even more of that of a corpse; and (which she does not mention) it also exuded a peculiar odor.  These peculiar phenomena were among those attributed by the doctor to the effects of auto-hypnosis; his theory being that, just as a hypnotized person may be made to develop a burn on the arm by the mere suggestion without the application of heat, Leo- nora had suggested to herself that she had been contaminated by the touch of death, and that her physical nature had been affected by the strength of the suggestion.