DOOM OF THE HOUSE OF DURYEA 311    and aching. Then he went into the bed- room, found the razor lying in plain view on a birch table-top.  As he reached for it, his glance fell upon his father's open Gladstone bag which rested at the foot of the bed. There was a book resting there, half hidden by a gray flannel shirt. It was a narrow, yellow-bound book, oddly out of place.  Frowning, he bent down and lifted it from the bag. It was surprizingly heavy in his hands, and he noticed a faintly sickening odor of decay which drifted from it like a perfume. The title of the volume had been thumbed away into an indecipherable blur of gold letters. But pasted across the front cover was a white strip of paper, on which was typewritten the word--INFANTIPHAGI.  He flipped back the cover and ran his eyes over the title-page. The book was printed in French--an early French--yet to him wholly comprehensible. The publication date was 1580, in Caen.  Breathlessly he turned back a second page, saw a chapter headed, Vampires.  He slumped to one elbow across the bed. His eyes were four inches from those mildewed pages, his nostrils reeked with the stench of them.  He skipped long paragraphs of pedan- tic jargon on theology, he scanned brief accounts of strange, blood-eating mon- sters, vrykolakes, and leprechauns. He read of Jeanne d'Arc, of Ludvig Prinn, and muttered aloud the Latin snatches from Episcopi.  He passed pages in quick succession, his fingers shaking with the fear of it and his eyes hanging heavily in their sockets. He saw vague reference to "Enoch," and saw the terrible drawings by an ancient Dominican of Rome. . . .  Paragraph after paragraph he read: the horror-striking testimony of Nider's Ant-Hill, the testimony of people who died shrieking at the stake; the recitals      of grave-tenders, of jurists and hang- men. Then unexpectedly, among all of this munimental vestige, there appeared before his eyes the name of--Autiel Duryea; and he stopped reading as though invisibly struck.   THUNDER clapped near the lodge and rattled the window-panes. The deep rolling of bursting clouds echoed over the valley. But he heard none of it. His eyes were on those two short sentences which his father--someone--had under- lined with dark red crayon.  . . . The execution, four years ago, of Autiel Duryea does not end the Duryea controversy. Time alone can decide whether the Demon has claimed that family from its beginning to its end. . . . Arthur read on about the trial of Autiel Duryea before Veniti, the Car- cassonnean Inquisitor-General; read, with mounting horror, the evidence which had sent that far-gone Duryea to the pillar-- the evidence of a bloodless corpse who had been Autiel Duryea's young brother.  Unmindful now of the tremendous storm which had centered over Timber Lake, unheeding the clatter of windows and the swish of pines on the roof--even of his father who worked down at the lake's edge in a drenching rain--Arthur fastened his glance to the blurred print of those pages, sinking deeper and deeper into the garbled legends of a dark age. . . .  On the last page of the chapter he again saw the name of his ancestor, Autiel Duryea. He traced a shaking finger over the narrow lines of words, and when he finished reading them he rolled sideways on the bed, and from his lips came a sobbing, mumbling prayer.  "God, oh God in Heaven protect me. . . ."  For he had read:  As in the case of Autiel Duryea we observe that this specimen of vrykolakcu preys only upon