WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 191 was more impressive than a defiant blare of trumpets. "He is not lost, for I shall save him. Tell me what to do." El shabur listened in silence, looked from Merle's white worn face to Dale's maddening smile. He had not ex- pected resistance. He had not thought this lovesick girl would try to win back her lover. The man was at the back of it, of course. Had taught her the formula, no doubt. Should he stoop to take up the gage to battle--with a woman? "First time your bluff's ever been called, eh, Sheykh of the Mist? Are you meditating one of your famous disappear- ances? Am I trying you a peg too high? It is, of course, a perilous experiment-- this trial of will between you and my lit- tle cousin!" The Arab's white teeth gleamed in a mocking, mirthless smile. His eyes showed two dark flames that flared up hotly at the taunt. "You cannot save him. He is mine, my creature, my slave." "Not for long, Sheykh El Shabur," the girl spoke softly. "For ever," he suavely corrected her. "And you also put yourself in my hands by this foolish test--which is no test!" Dale stood watching near the door of the Rest-House. Could this be the child he had known so well, this resolute stern little figure, whose stedfast look never wavered from the Arab's face?--who spoke to him with authority on which his evil sneering contempt broke like waves on a rock? "You think that you--a woman, can withstand me? A vain trifling woman, and one, moreover, who is overburdened by lust for my servant as a frail craft by heavy cargo. I will destroy you with your lover." "I don't take your gloomy view of the situation," Dale interrupted. He watched the other intently from under drooped eyelids, saw that Merle's fear- lessness and his own refusal to be serious were piercing the man's colossal self- esteem, goading him to accept the chal- lenge to his power. El Shabur felt him- self a god on earth. In so far as he was master of himself, he was a god! Dale had never met so disciplined and power- ful a will. Few could boast so controlled and obedient an intellect. But he was proud, as the fallen Lucifer was proud! It was the ultimate weakness of all who dabbled in occult powers. They were forced to take themselves with such pro- found seriousness that in the end the fine balance of sanity was lost. Dale continued as if they were discus- sing a trifling matter that began to bore him. His mouth was so dry that he found difficulty in speaking at all. It was like stroking an asp. "The point is that I have never seen our young friend take this extraordinary semblance of a--a werewolf. My cousin is, as you remark so emphatically, a wo- man. Not her fault, and all that, of course! But no doubt she was over-sensitive, im- aginative, conjured up that peculiar vi- sion of our absent Gunnar by reason of excessive anxiety." "She saw my disobedient servant," the sheykh's deep voice rang like steel on an anvil, "undergoing punishment. It was no delusion of the senses." "Ah! Good! Excellent! You mean she was not so weak, after all. That's one up to her, don't you think? I mean, seeing him as he really was. Rather penetrating, if you take me!" "She saw what she saw, because it was my design that she should. She is no more than a woman because of it." "Ah, I can't quite agree there." Dale was persuasive, anxious to prove his point politely. "I'll bet she didn't scream or