  SPAWN OF DAGON 5    They stood in a small rectangular cham- ber hollowed out of the rock. The ni- trous walls gleamed dankly in the glow of an oil lamp, and a little stream ran across the rock floor of the cave and lost itself, amid chuckles of goblin laughter, in a small hole at the base of the wall. Two doors were visible. The gray-clad man was closing one of them.  A crude table and a few chairs were all the furnishings of the room. Elak strained his ears. He heard something-- something that should not be heard in inland San-Mu. He could not be mis- taken. The sound of waves lapping soft- ly in the distance . . . and occasionally a roaring crash, as of breakers smashing on a rocky shore.  He dumped Lycon unceremoniously in one of the chairs. The little man fell forward on the table, pillowing his head in his arms. Sadly he muttered, "Is there no mead in Atlantis? I die, Elak. My belly is an arid desert across which the armies of Eblis march."  He sobbed unhappily for a moment and fell asleep.   ELAK ostentatiously unsheathed his ra- pier and laid it on the table. His slender fingers closed on the hilt. "An explanation," he said, "is due. Where are we?"  "I am Gesti," said the gray-clad one. His face seemed chalk-white in the light of the oil lamp. His eyes, deeply sunken, were covered with a curious glaze. "I saved you from the guards, eh? You'll not deny that?"  "You have my thanks," Elak said. "Well?"   "I need the aid of a brave man. And I'll pay well. If you're interested, good. If not, I'll see you leave San-Mu safely."   Elak considered. "It's true we've little money." He thought of the purse in his      wallet and grinned wryly. "Not enough to last us long, at any rate. Perhaps we're interested. Although--" He hesitated.  "Well?"  "I could bear to know how you got rid of the soldier so quickly, back in the alley behind the tavern."  "I do not think that matters," Gesti whispered in his sibilant voice. "The guards are superstitious. And it's easy to play on their weakness. Let that suf- fice!" The cold glazed eyes met Elak's squarely, and a little warning note seemed to clang in his brain.  There was danger here. Yet danger had seldom given him pause. He said, "What will you pay?"  "A thousand golden pieces."  "Fifty thousand cups of mead," Lycon murmured sleepily. "Accept it, Elak. I'll await you here."  There was little affection in the glance Elak cast at his companion. "You'll get none of it," he promised. "Not a gold piece!"  He turned to Gesti. "What's to be done for this reward?"  Gesti's immobile face watched him cryptically. "Kill Zend."  Elak said, "Kill--Zend? Zend? The Wizard of Atlantis?"  "Are you afraid?" Gesti asked tone- lessly.  "I am," Lycon said without lifting his head from his arms. "However, if Elak is not, he may slay Zend and I'll wait here."  Ignoring him, Elak said, "I've heard strange things of Zend. His powers are not human. Indeed, he's not been seen in the streets of San-Mu for ten years. Men say he's immortal."  "Men--are fools." And in Gesti's voice there was a contempt that made Elak stare at him sharply. It was as though Gesti was commenting on some    