196 WEIRD TALES stroyed or be put for ever under glass in a public museum. I prefer that they be destroyed, for they are a dangerous pos- session. They have gone to the adulter- ous rendezvous celebrated in the scandal- ous verses of Lorenzo the Magnificent. They have shod the feet of a murderess. They were cursed by the Church as trap- pings of the Devil, inciting the wearer to foul deeds and intrigue. "I shall not disturb you with all their hideous history, but I repeat, they are a dangerous possession. I have taken care to keep them under lock and key, behind plate glass, for more than fifty years. I have never taken them out. Destroy the Medici boots, before they destroy you!" "But he did take them out!" cried Suzanne. "Uncle was holding the boots when--when Marthe found him there in the museum." John reread the note, and looked thoughtfully at his young wife. "Yes. Perhaps he was preparing to destroy them right then. Of course, I think the poor old fellow took things a bit too seriously --he was very old, you know, and Marthe says he practically lived in this museum of his." "And why call a pair of old boots dangerous? Of course, we all know the Medicis were plenty dangerous, but the Medici boots--that's ridiculous, John. Besides-" Suzanne paused provocatively, her red lips pouting. She looked down at her trimly shod feet. "Besides, I'd like to try on those Medici boots--just once. They're lovely, I think." John was frowning thoughtfully. He scarcely heard her suggestion. He spoke to Eric, instead, and his voice seemed a bit troubled. "I believe that Uncle was getting ready to destroy those boots that very morning he died; else why should he have taken them from their case--after fifty years?" "Yes, I believe you're right, John, be- cause that note is dated fully a month before Uncle's death. I think he brooded over leaving those boots to one he cared for. Poor old man!" "I wouldn't call him so, Eric. He had his dreams of adventure realized more fully than most men. I--I think I'll do as he says. I'll destroy the Medici boots." "If you'd feel better about it," as- sented his brother. But Suzanne did not speak. She was looking at her shoe, pursing her lips thoughtfully, seeing her feet encased in the gay embroideries of the Medici boots. John seemed relieved by his decision. "Yes, I'd better do it. We'll be getting back to town in a few days. Old Erskine, you know, Uncle's lawyer, is coming down this afternoon. Then soon we'll be on the wing, Susie and I--Vienna, Paris, the Alps--thanks to Uncle." "Maybe you think I'm not thankful for my chance at a bit more work at Johns Hopkins," said Eric, and they did not again speak of the Medici boots. The deaf old lawyer of the Dickerson estate arrived, and Suzanne, with the easy capability that was part of her charm, saw that he was made comfort- able. At seven there was a perfect dinner served on the awninged terrace outside the softly lit living-room. The stars aided the two little rosy lamps on the table, and swaying willows beside a stone- encircled pool swung the incense of the garden about them. As dinner ended, John took from the pocket of his coat a small, limp-leather book. He pushed back his dessert plate and laid the book on the table, tapping it with a finger as he spoke.