172 WEIRD TALES ball did not roll down the side of the wheel because the wheel was rotating-- with infinite slowness after being retard- ed by the same thing that made the peo- ple look like frozen statues. Satan, as Madame Sin, couldn't do anything about the wheel. But he--or 'she'--could and did take the watches from all concerned, to guard against discovery that way. However, there was no chance to get Weems' watch; there were always people around." "You said Doctor Satan moved in the body of Chichester as he did in the girl's body." "Yes. I got a hint of that when I ob- served that Chichester and Madame Sin never seemed to be in evidence at the same time. Also because the exact sum of Blue Bay's cash reserve was so readily learned. Again when Wilson was killed in a room where only the three officials sat. He was killed by Chichester, who was at the moment animated by Satan's soul. He was killed, by the way, by a speeding-up of time. The rest were re- tarded and suffered nothing but nerve shock. Wilson was killed when the speed of his time-stream was multiplied by a million: you can stop a heart without in- juring it, but you can't suddenly accelerate a heart, or any other machine, a million times, without bursting it. That's why his heart looked as though it had blown up in his chest." Keane stopped. The bitter look grew in his eyes. "This failure was wholly my own fault," he said in a low tone. "I knew when I found the duplicate financial statement in Madame Sin's rooms that it was a trap to draw me to Chichester's home. Doctor Satan would never have been so careless as to leave a thing like that behind inadvertently. Knowing it was a trap, I entered it, and found Sa- tan's soulless body. If I'd destroyed it immediately. . . . But I didn't dream that Madame Sin would follow me so quick- ly." Beatrice's hand touched Keane's fleetingly. He was looking at the geometric figure and did not see the look in her eyes. "The world can thank heaven you're alive," she said softly. "With you dead, Doctor Satan could rule the earth-" There was a knock at the door. Gest was in the hall. "Keane," he said. "I suppose this will sound like a small thing after all you've done. You've saved us from bankruptcy and saved Lord knows how many people from a living death from that time- business you tried to explain to us. Now there's one more thing. Workmen in Chichester's home tell us that they can't build up one of the walls of the library, which is non-existent for some reason. There the room is, with one wall out, and it can't be blocked up! Do you suppose you-" Keane nodded, with a little of his bit- terness relieved by a smile. "I remember. The time-diverter was pointed at that wall for an instant as the girl and I struggled. Evidently it was set for maximum acceleration, to burst my heart as it did Wilson's. It got the library wall, which is gone because in the point of the future which it almost in- stantly reached, there is no library or home or anything else on that spot. I'll bring it back to the present, and to ex- istence again, so you won't have a physi- cal impossibility to try to explain to nervous guests of Blue Bay Resort." "And after that," he added to himself, "I'll destroy this invention of Hell. And I wish its destruction would annihilate its inventor along with it--before he con- trives some new and even more terrible toy!"