THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 221 convincing me. But, with the examples I have seen, I felt that true scientific con- trol was lacking. With all their sci- ence, most of the investigators trust too greatly." Judge Pursuivant shook with gentle laughter. "They are doctors for the most part, and this honesty of theirs is a pro- fessional failing that makes them look for it in others. You--begging your par- don--are a magician, a professional de- ceiver, and you expect trickery in all whom you meet. Perhaps a good lawyer with trial experience, with a level head and a sense of competent material evi- dence for both sides, should attend these séances, eh?" "You're quite right," I said heartily. "But, returning to the subject, what else can be said about ectoplasm? That is, if it actually exists." I had found in Richet's book the pas- sage for which I had been searching. "It says here that bits of ectoplasm have been secured in rare instances, and that some of these have been examined microscop- ically. There were traces of fatty tissue, bacterial forms and epithelium." "Ah! Those were the findings of Schrenck-Notzing. A sound man and a brilliant one, hard to corrupt or fool. It makes ectoplasm sound organic, does it not?" I NODDED agreement, and my head felt heavy, as if full of sober and impor- tant matters. "As for me," I went on, "I never have had much chance to examine the stuff. Whenever I get hold of an ecto- plasmic hand, it melts like butter." "They generally do," the judge com- mented, "or so the reports say. Yet they themselves are firm and strong when they touch or seize." "Right, sir." "It's when attacked, or even frightened, as with a camera flashlight, that the ecto- plasm vanishes or is reabsorbed?" he prompted further. "So Richct says here," I agreed once more, "and so I have found." "Very good. Now," and his manner took on a flavor of the legal, "I shall sum up: "Ectoplasm is put forth by certain spirit mediums, who are mysteriously adapted for it, under favorable conditions that in- clude darkness, quiet, self-confidence. It takes form, altering the appearance of the medium or making up a separate body. It is firm and strong, but vanishes when attacked or frightened. Right so far, eh?" "Right," I approved. "Now, for the word medium substi- tute wizard." His grin burst out again, and he began to mix a third round of drinks. "A wizard, having darkness and quiet and being disposed to change shape, exudes a material that gives him a new shape and character. Maybe it is bestial, to match a fierce or desperate spirit with- in. There may be a shaggy pelt, a sharp muzzle, taloned paws and rending fangs. To a terrified victim he is doom itself. But to a brave adversary, facing and fight- ing him-" He flipped his way through Summers' book, as I had with Richet's. "Listen: '. . . the shape of the werewolf will be removed if he be reproached by name as a werewolf, or if again he be thrice ad- dressed by his Christian name, or struck three blows on the forehead with a knife, or that three drops of blood should be drawn." Do you see the parallels, man? Shouted at, bravely denounced, or slightly wounded, his false beast-substance fades from him." He flung out his hands, as though appealing to a jury. "I marvel nobody ever thought of it before." "But nothing so contrary to nature has a natural explanation," I objected, and