  RETURN TO THE SABBATH 103    but Les Kincaid's eyes held a wonder akin to my own.  Jorla was acting as never before. He moved slowly, as a corpse must move. As he raised himself from the crypt, each tiny effort seemed to cause him ut- ter agony. The scene was soundless; Syl- via had fainted. But Jorla's lips moved, and we heard a faint whispering murmur which heightened the horror. Now the grisly cadaver was almost half out of the crypt. It strained upward, still murmur- ing. The bloody crucifix of flesh gleamed redly on the chest. ... I thought of the one found on the body of the murdered foreign director, Fritz Ohmmen, and real- ized where Jorla had gotten the idea.  The corpse strained up ... it was to rise now . . . up . . . and then, with a sudden rictus, the body stiffened and slid back into the crypt.  Who screamed first I do not know. But the screaming continued after the prop-boys had rushed to the crypt and looked down at what lay within.  When I reached the brink of the pit I screamed, too.  For it was utterly empty.  5  I WISH there were nothing more to tell. The papers never knew. The police hushed things up. The studio is silent, and the production was dropped immedi- ately. But matters did not stop there. There was a sequel to that hideous horror on Stage Four.  Kincaid and I cornered Bleskind. There was no need of any explanation; how could what we had just seen be ex- plained in any sane way?  Jorla had disappeared; no one had let him into the studio; no make-up man had given him his attention. Nobody had seen him enter the crypt. He had ap-      peared in the scene, then disappeared. The crypt was empty.  These were the facts. Kincaid told Bleskind what to do. The film was de- veloped immediately, though two of the technicians fainted. We three sat in the projection booth and watched the morn- ing's rushes flicker across the screen. The sound-track was specially dubbed in.  That scene--Sylvia walking and read- ing the incantation--the pit opening-- and God, when nothing emerged!  Nothing but that great red scar sus- pended in midair--that great inverted crucifix cut in bleeding flesh; no Jorla visible at all! That bleeding cross in the air, and then the mumbling. . . .  Jorla--the thing--whatever it was-- had mumbled a few syllables on emerg- ing from the crypt. The sound-track had picked them up. And we couldn't see anything but that scar; yet we heard Jorla's voice now coming from nothing- ness. We heard what he kept repeating, as he fell back into the crypt.  It was an address in Topanga Canyon.  The lights flickered on, and it was good to see them. Kincaid phoned the police and directed them to the address given on the sound-track.  We waited, the three of us, in Kin- caid's office, waited for the police call. We drank, but did not speak. Each of us was thinking of Karl Jorla the devil- worshipper who had betrayed his faith; of his fear of vengeance. We thought of the director's death, and the bloody crucifix on his chest; remembered Jorla's disappearance. And then that ghastly ghost-thing on the screen, the bloody thing that hung in midair as Jorla's voice groaned the address. . . .  The phone rang.  I picked it up. It was the police de- partment. They gave their report. I fainted.    