248 WEIRD TALES pers for her--for tobacco and sugar, as they say. I was wondering, indeed, why she was not by this time on her feet and making one of their queer little bobbing bows--'cockroach bow to fowl,' as they might say! It seemed this old woman must have fallen into a very deep sleep, for she had not moved at all, although ordinarily she would have heard me, for the night was deathly still, and their hear- ing is extraordinarily acute, like a cat's, or a dog's. I remember that the fragrance from Mrs. Iversens tuberoses, in pots on the gallery railing, was pouring out in a stream that night, 'making a greeting for the moon!' It was almost overpowering. "Just as I was putting my foot on the fifth step, there came a tiny little puff of fresh breeze from somewhere in the hills behind Iversen's house. It rustled the dry fronds of a palm-tree that was growing beside the steps. I turned my head in that direction for an instant. "Mr. Lee, when I looked back, down the steps, after what must have been a fifth of a second's inattention, that little old black woman who had been huddled up there on the lowest step, apparently sound asleep, was gone. She had van- ished utterly--and, Mr. Lee. a little white dog, about the size of a French poodle, was bounding up the steps toward me. With every bound, a step at a leap, the dog increased in size. It seemed to swell out there before my very eyes. "Then I was, really, frightened--thor- oughly, utterly frightened. I knew if that 'animal' so much as touched me, it meant death, Mr. Lee--absolute, certain death. The little old woman was a 'sheen,'-- chien, of course. You know of lycan- thropy,--wolf-change,--of course. Well, this was one of our varieties of it. I do not know what it would be called, I'm sure. 'Canicanthropy,' perhaps. I don't know, but something -- something first- cousin-once-removed from lycanthropy, and on the dovuiward scale, Mr. Lee. The old woman was a were-dog! "Of course. I had no time to think, only to use my instinct. I swung my supplejack with all my might and brought it down squarely on that beast's head. It was only a step below me, then, and I could see the faint moonlight sparkle on the slaver about its mouth. It was then, it seemed to me, about the size of a me- dium-sized dog,--nearly wolf-size, Mr. Lee, and a kind of deathly white. I was desperate, and the force with which I struck caused me to lose my balance. I did not fall, but it required a moment or two for me to regain my equilibrium. When I felt my feet firm under me again, I looked about, frantically, on all sides, for the 'dog.' But it, too, Mr. Lee, like the old woman, had quite disappeared. I looked all about, you may well imagine, after that experience, in the clear, thin moonlight. For yards about the foot of the steps, there was no place--not even a small nook--where either the 'dog' or the old woman could have been con- cealed. Neither was on the gallery, which was only a few feet square, a mere land- ing. "But there came to my ears, sharpened by that night's experiences, from far out among the plantations at the rear of Iver- sen's house, the pad-pad of naked feet. Someone--something--was running, des- perately, off in the direction of the center of the island, back into the hills, into the deep 'bush.' "Then, behind me, out of the house onto the gallery rushed the two old wo- men who had been preparing Iversen's body for its burial. They were enormous- ly excited, and they shouted at me unin- telligibly. I will have to render their words for you. "'O, de Good Gahd protec' you,