WEIRD TALES 251 Miss Hemken's Comments Gertrude Hemken, of Chicago, writes: "June comments as follows, to wit: Thorp McClusky is a new author to me, but his Loot of the Vampire promises something very, very interesting. The fact that a de- tective detail is involved should bring no un- favorable comment, inasmuch as it is a vam- pire story. I feel that it shows an example of the modern police system against some- thing far more ancient and deep than any form of public protection. It is truly a spine-freezing tale. Another new note in vampire tales--the Count, if he is the vam- pire, resorts to robbery. I never knew them to do that. Aaaahh! Black Canaan was also perfect, the kind one reads with eyes pop- ping and mouth agape. Is this a form of voodoo one reads so much of, or is it some- thing more ancient? And then I learned something more, of which I had only a smattering knowledge--that of the evil eye. Somehow I had believed the evil eye was used only on such persons as the possessor wished to harm. So--you are proving edu- cational to me as well. It seems I have not been fair in not including comments on the poetry in my monthly letter, inasmuch as I am a lover of poetry. This Ballad of the Wolf I found pleasant reading. There was a rhythmic swing to it, and although it spoke of olden days, I found no obsolete words. I have no objections to such words in prose, but they seem to jar the rhythm of poetry. Invariably I don't know what they mean, I'm not sure of my pronunciation, and that kinda spoils it. I think Henry Kuttner is a pretty good rimester. I hope to see more of his work. The Ruler of Fate ended to my satis- faction. Narsty Aru was killed dead and lovely Athonee was left to control her ma- chine of destiny with kindliness to the man of Earth. And I s'pose the hero and heroine were married and lived happily ever after- ward. I found The Harbor of Ghosts very interesting. Somehow it was different from what I had been reading, and when the young sailor entered the harbor of ghost ships, I had the impression of the fabled elephants' graveyard. There was a similarity in that the lost ship sought a final resting- place with others of its kind. The reprint, The Brain in the Jar, surprized me. I had figured it to be a brain wielding malignant power and cruel devastating horror. How- ever, it was a very nice brain and sought 10c BOOKS LOOK OVER THIS LIST Never before such bargains! Every book com- plete. well edited, large clear type, paper bound, colored covers. Big value. Order today ! -Facts About Nudism -84 New Card Tricks -How to Make Love -Burlesque Jokes --145 Parlor Games -Mystic Fortune Teller -Lucky No. Dream Book --Stories Between Drinks -Minstrel Jokes -How To Play Poker --Tales of French Love -How to Play Checkers --Fortune Telling By Cards --Witches Dream Book --Sex Facts for Men -2OO Baffling Puzzles -Best Irish Jokes --596 Conundrums -Art of Kissing --How to Play Chess --Modern Love Letters --Vaudeville Jokes --Sex Facts for Women -153 Parlor Tricks --Snappy Jokes SEND TRIAL ORDER TODAY Price 10c each, 3 books for 25c, 6 books for 50c, or 12 books for $1.00. No C. O. D. Shipments. Satisfaction guaranteed. FRANKLIN PUBLISHING CO. 890 N. Clark St., Dept. G-201 Chicago QUIT TOBACCO No man or woman can escape the harmful effects of tobacco. Don't try to banish unaided the hold tobacco has upon you. Join the thousands of inveterate tobacco users that have found it easy to quit with the aid of the Keeley Treatment. KEELEY Treatment For Tobacco Habit Successful For Over 50 Years Quickly banish all craving for tobacco. Write today for Free Book telling how to quickly Free yourself from the tobaooo habit and our Money Back Guarantee. Home of the famous Keeley Treatment for Liquor and Drugs. Booklet sent on request. Correspondence Strictly Confidential. THE KEELEY INSTITUTE Dept M-3I8 Dwight, Illinois FREE Photographic Almanac Bargain Book of CAMERAS &amp; SUPPLIES! Explains latest inventions, methods in Photography and Home Movie Making, for fun and profits. Offers hundreds of amazing, money saving bargains in still and movie Cameras, Lenses, Film, etc. CENTRAL CAMERA CO., Est. 1899 230 Wabash, Dept. 2375, Chicago, U. S. A. 60 ART LESSONS Anatomy, perspective, adv. layout, etc., without bother or expense of corresponding. You get all 60 lessons at once-no waiting for next lesson. FREE. Send only $1.95 for complete course postpaid--or pay postman plus postage. MONEY BACK if not delighted after inspecting. Start Now turning your spare time into MONEY EDUCATIONAL SUPPLY CO., Dept. A 162-C Racine, Wisc. Receive Gigantic Mails, Magazines, Samples Your name in 1,000 mailing lists, 10c. Fairbanks, Dept. 10-D, 100 Forsyth St., New York City. Subscribe to Weird Tales