THE THING ON THE FLOOR 291 men, and when men meet a poisonous serpent they squash it, and we must squash Dmitri as pitilessly." He paused, then slowly continued, "There might even be a certain poetic justice in the method by which this may most safely be done. Yes, I think so. I think that on Thursday evening you and I will be included among Dmitri's guests, and then we shall see what we shall see." 7. The Spider's Lair CHARLES ETHREDGE sat, alone, in Dmitri's small, first-floor consulting- room. He sat poised tensely on the very edge of his hard, uncomfortable chair. As the minutes slowly passed his fingers drummed, now and again, with a nerv- ous, jerky rhythm on the top of Dmitri's massive table. Occasionally he glanced swiftly about the barren room, but there was little to attract his attention within that tiny chamber; even the cryptic lamp in the center of the table was dark and lifeless. And Ethredge was not really con- cerned with the room in which he sat; his whole attention was focussed on the room adjoining, the theatrically oriental reception chamber from which came, faintly, the sensuous sobbing of Dmitri's balalaika orchestra and the muffled mur- muring of departing guests. One by one the voices dwindled, and at last even the music of the orchestra ceased. There was the sound of brief confusion as the musicians packed their instruments and took their departure, and then utter silence. The door opened, and Dmitri, wearing his invariable lounging-robe and slippers, entered. With slow, waddling shuffle he crossed behind the table to his personal chair, and carefully eased his flabby bulk into its capacious depths. "Very well, Commissioner Ethredge; we are alone together, as you requested. My guests have gone; my orchestra is already drinking vodka within some wine- shop; only my servant remains within the house. You see that I am not afraid of you." Abruptly he paused. For the door be- hind Ethredge's shoulder had opened, and a man had stepped swiftly into the room, closing the door behind him. Dmitri's cruel black eyes were suddenly wary. "Who are you? I recognize you; you were among those at my demonstration, but--you disappeared. What are you do- ing here?" Peters grinned reassuringly at the Com- missioner, spoke almost soothingly to Dmitri. "There is a narrow space be- tween your orchestra dais and the wall, uncomfortable, yet a sufficient hiding- place. Who am I? He shrugged slightly. "I am--of the police. Afraid that you might not agree to grant us a joint audi- ence, I took the precaution of concealing myself." For a moment Dmitri sat still. Then his fat shoulders heaved in a billowing shrug, and he spoke almost scornfully. "One or two or a dozen of your kind; what does it matter? With your mujik here to lend you courage. Commissioner, what do you propose now?" The words were goading, taunting, and swiftly Peters signed to Ethredge to re- main silent. Almost gently he murmured, "What do we propose now? Well, Dmitri, we propose first that you release Mary Roberts from whatever enjoinments you have placed upon her subconscious." He paused, for the obese colossus was smiling. "Suppose that I refuse." Peters literally purred his reply, "You are an intelligent man; I assure you that the police of this country have devised extremely piquant methods of making a