338 WEIRD TALES    room. The survivors stared bleakly and blankly at each other, like survivors after Judgment Day or the destruction of the world. On legs wide-braced, hands grip- ping notched and dripping swords, blood trickling down their arms, they stared at one another across the mangled corpses of friends and foes. They had no breath left to shout, but a bestial mad howling rose from their lips. It was not a human cry of triumph. It was the howling of a rabid wolf-pack stalking among the bod- ies of its victims.  Conan caught Valeria's arm and turned her about.  "You've got a stab in the calf of your leg," he growled.  She glanced down, for the first time aware of a stinging in the muscles of her leg. Some dying man on the floor had fleshed his dagger with his last effort.  "You look like a butcher yourself," she laughed.  He shook a red shower from his hands.  "Not mine. Oh, a scratch here and there. Nothing to bother about. But that calf ought to be bandaged."   OLMEC came through the litter, look- ing like a ghoul with his naked mas- sive shoulders splashed with blood, and his black beard dabbled in crimson. His eyes were red, like the reflection of flame on black water.  "We have won!" he croaked dazedly. "The feud is ended! The dogs of Xota- lanc lie dead! Oh, for a captive to flay alive! Yet it is good to look upon their dead faces. Twenty dead dogs! Twenty red nails for the black column!"  "You'd best see to your wounded," grunted Conan, turning away from him. "Here, girl, let me see that leg."  "Wait a minute!" she shook him off impatiently. The fire of fighting still burned brightly in her soul. "How do      we know these are all of them? These might have come on a raid of their own."  "They would not split the clan on a foray like this," said Olmec, shaking his head, and regaining some of his ordinary intelligence. Without his purple robe the man seemed less like a prince than some repellent beast of prey. "I will stake my head upon it that we have slain them all. There were less of them than I dreamed, and they must have been desperate. But how came they in Tecuhltli?"  Tascela came forward, wiping her sword on her naked thigh, and holding in her other hand an object she had taken from the body of the feathered leader of the Xotalancas.  "The pipes of madness," she said. "A warrior tells me that Xatmec opened the door to the Xotalancas and was cut down as they stormed into the guardroom. This warrior came to the guardroom from the inner hall just in time to see it happen and to hear the last of a weird strain of music which froze his very soul. Tolke- mec used to talk of these pipes, which the Xuchotlans swore were hidden some- where in the catacombs with the bones of the ancient wizard who used them in his lifetime. Somehow the dogs of Xota- lanc found them and learned their se- cret."  "Somebody ought to go to Xotalanc and see if any remain alive," said Conan. "I'll go if somebody will guide me."  Olmec glanced at the remnants of his people. There were only twenty left alive, and of these several lay groaning on the floor. Tascela was the only one of the Tecuhltli who had escaped without a wound. The princess was untouched, though she had fought as savagely as any.  "Who will go with Conan to Xota- lanc?" asked Olmec.  Techotl limped forward. The wound