THE OPENER OF THE WAY 285    then; you would not have understood, and probably would have refused to come here with me. I needed you too much to risk that.  "You don't know what this moment means to me, my son. For years I've worked and studied in secret over things which others scoff at as superstitious fancies. I believed, however, and I have learned. There are always lurking truths behind every forgotten religion; distorted facts which can be rationalized into new concepts of reality. I've been on the trail of something like this for a long time--I knew that if I could discover a tomb like this it must surely contain proofs which would convince the world. There are probably mummies within; the bodies of this cult's secret leaders. That's not what I'm after, though. It's the knowledge that's buried with them; the papyrus manuscripts that hold for- bidden secrets--wisdom the world has never known! Wisdom--and power!"  Sir Ronald's voice was shrill with un- natural excitement.  "Power! I have read about the inner circles of the Black Temple, and the cult that was ruled by those designated as Masters in this parchment. They were not ordinary priests of magic; they had traffickings with entities from outside human spheres. Their curses were feared, and their wishes respected. Why? Be- cause of what they knew. I tell you, in this tomb we may find secrets that can give us mastery over half the world! Death-rays, and insidious poisons, old books and potent spells whose efficacy may bring a renascence of primal gods again. Think of it! One could control governments, rule kingdoms, destroy enemies with that knowledge! And there will be jewels, wealth and riches un- dreamt of, the treasure of a thousand thrones!"  He is quite mad, Peter thought. For      a moment he entertained a frantic im- pulse to turn and run back through the corridor; he wanted to see the sanity of a sun overhead, and feel a breath of air on his brow that was not dust-polluted by dead centuries. But the old man grasped him by the shoulders as he mumbled on, and Peter was forced to remain.  "You don't understand, I see. Per- haps it's for the best; but no matter, I know what I'm about. You will, too, after I do what is necessary. I must tell you now what the parchment said; that portion of it which I did not read aloud."  Some inner instinct screamed silent warnings in Peter's brain. He must get away--he must! But his father's grip was firm, though his voice trembled.  "The part I refer to is that which tells one how to get past this statue and into the tomb itself. No, nothing can be dis- covered by looking at the thing; there's no secret passage behind it; no levers con- cealed in the body of the god. The Master and his acolytes were cleverer than that. Mechanical means are of no avail--there's only one way to enter into the tomb beyond, and that is through the body of the god itself!"  Peter gazed again into the mask-like countenance of Anubis. The jackal-face was contorted in cunning comprehen- sion--or was it only a trick of the light? His father hurried on.  "That sounds queer, but it's the truth. You remember what the parchment said about this statue being the first one-- different from the rest? How it empha- sized the fact that Anubis is the Opener of the Way, and hinted at its secret soul? Well, the next lines explained that. It seems that the figure can turn upon a pivot and open a space behind it into the tomb, but only when the idol is animated by a human consciousness"  They were all mad, Peter knew. He,