318 WEIRD TALES    strong-willed woman, carrying the sobs of a frightened girl. There was no sin- cerity in it.  "Please, please!" cried her impatience in his brain. "Help me! Guide me back!"  "Back where?" he heard his own voice asking.  "The Tree!" wailed that queer speech in his brain, while gibberish was all his ears heard and the moonstone stare trans- fixed him strongly. "The Tree of Life! Oh, take me back to the shadow of the Tree!"  A vision of the grille-ornamented well leaped into his memory. It was the only tree symbol he could think of just then. But what possible connection could there be between the well and the lost girl-- if she was lost? Another wail in that un- known tongue, another anguished shake of his shoulders, brought a sudden reso- lution into his groping mind. There could be no harm in leading her back to the well, to whose grille she must surely be referring. And strong curiosity was growing in his mind. Much more than met the eye was concealed in this queer incident. And a wild guess had flashed through his mind that perhaps she might have come from some sub- terranean world into which the well de- scended. It would explain her luminous pallor, if not her blurriness; and, too, her eyes did not seem to function in the light. There was a much more incredible explanation of her presence, but he was not to know it for a few minutes yet.  "Come along," he said, taking the clutching hands gently from his shoulders. "I'll lead you to the well."  She sighed in a deep gust of relief and dropped her compelling eyes from his, murmuring in that strange, gabbling tongue what must have been thanks. He took her by the hand and turned toward the ruined archway of the door.  Against his fingers her flesh was cool      and firm. To the touch she was tangible, but even thus near, his eyes refused to focus upon the cloudy opacity of her body, the dark blur of her streaming hair. Nothing but those burning, blinded eyes were strong enough to pierce the veil that parted them.  She stumbled along at his side over the rough floor of the temple, saying nothing more, panting with eagerness to return to her incomprehensible "tree." How much of that eagerness was assumed Smith still could not be quite sure. When they reached the door he halted her for a moment, scanning the sky for danger. Apparently the ships had finished with this quarter of the city, for he could see two or three of them half a mile away, hovering low over Illar's northern sec- tion. He could risk it without much peril. He led the girl cautiously out into the sun-hot court.   SHE could not have known by sight that they neared the well, but when they were within twenty paces of it she flung up her blurred head suddenly and tugged at his hand. It was she who led him that last stretch which parted the two from the well. In the sun the shadow tracery of the grille's symbolic pattern lay vividly outlined on the ground. The girl gave a little gasp of delight. She dropped his hand and ran forward three short steps, and plunged into the very center of that shadowy pattern on the ground. And what hap- pened then was too incredible to believe.  The pattern ran over her like a gar- ment, curving to the curve of her body in the way all shadows do. But as she stood there striped and laced with the darkness of it, there came a queer shifting in the lines of black tracery, a subtle, inex- plicable movement to one side. And with that motion she vanished. It was exactly as if that shifting had moved her out of