176 WEIRD TALES peaked hood was drawn close. A long face with pointed black beard, proud curving nose, and eyes dark and secret as forest pools gleamed beneath the hood. Merle shrank back. Her fingers clutched Gunnar's. They were cold and limp in her grasp. Dale leaned forward, peering into the Arab's face as a connoisseur examines an etching of rare interest. "You speak very good English, my friend. Or is it enemy?" The whole demeanor of the Arab changed. His white teeth flashed. He held out welcoming hands, clasped Dale's in his own, and bowed low to the girl. He turned last to the Icelander. "Present me!" he ordered. Gunnar performed the small cer- emony with white lips. His voice sounded as if he'd been running hard. "Zura El Shabur. Zura of the Mist," translated thesheykh. "I am your friend. I have many friends of your Western world. The language! All languages are one to me!" Dale beamed. "Ah! Good linguist and all that! Jolly good name yours, what! Gave us quite a scare, popping up cut of the atmosphere like Aladdin's djinttee!" El Shabur's thin lips again showed his teeth. "Those that dwell in the desert's soli- tude and silence learn to reflect its quali- ties." "Quite! Quite!" Dale gurgled happy agreement. "Neat little accomplishment Very convenient--for you!" "Convenient on this occasion for you also, since my coming prevented the in- hospitality of my servant from driving you away." "No! You're wrong there. Gunnar's been our guardian angel for weeks past. Given us a wonderful time." "Nevertheless, I heard that he urged you to go--to go quickly from Solium." Dale burst into laughter; long, low gurgles that relieved tension all around. "I'm one of those fools that'd rather lose a pot of gold than alter my plans. One of the camel-drivers has made off with a few bits of loot. You heard the thrifty Gunnar imploring me to follow him." Merle backed up the tale with quick wit. "Nothing of vast importance. My silver toilet things, a leather bag, and a camera. Annoying, but hardly worth wasting hours to retrieve." She came forward, all anxiety to give Gunnar time to pull himself together. El Shabur made her a second low obei- sance and stared down into her upturned vivid face. "Such youth and beauty must be served. Shall I send Gunnar after the thief?" The idea of separation gave her a shock. Intuition warned her to keep the Icelander at her side for his sake, and for her own. Together there seemed less danger. Danger! From what? Why did the word drum through her brain like an S.O.S. signal? She glanced at Gunnar. His face was downbent. "No." She met the Arab's eyes with effort and gave a valiant little smile. "No. Indeed not. We can't spare him. He's promised to come with us, to be our guide to the Siwa Oasis." "Hope this won't dash with your plans for him. We've got so dependent on his help now." Dale's cherubic face regis- tered anxiety. "So." The Arab put a hand on Gun- nar's shoulder. "It is good. You have done well." The young man shivered. His eyes met Merle's in warning. El Shabur turned to reassure her and Dale. "Now all goes well. I, too, will join W. T.--3