A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 30 Contents for July, 1937 Number 1 Cover Design Virgil Finlay Illustrating a scene in "The Thief of Forthe" The Thief of Forthe Clifford Ball 2 The story of a thief who coveted a kingdom, and the appalling secret of an old magician To Virgil Finlay H.P. Lovecraft 17 Verse, written on seeing Mr. Finlay's illustration fro "The Faceless God" Jail-break Paul Ernst 18 The aftermath of Littell's escape from prison was far worse than the prison itself The Whistling Corpse G. G. Pendarves 26 A gripping weird novelette of the sea, by the author of "The Eighth Green Man" To Howard Phillips Lovecraft Clark Ashton Smith 48 Verse, a memorial tribute to a supreme master of weird and outré literature Raider of the Spaceways Henry Kuttner 49 A startling weird-scientific story about a vampiric entity on the Night Side of the planet Venus The Last Pharaoh (part 3) Thomas P. Kelly 68 A story of the weird doom that enmeshed two lovers in a castle of gloom on the African coast The Ocean Ogre Dana Carroll 94 A tale of the thing called Alain Gervais that came aboard a ship at sea The Interview H. Sivia 100 An astonishing surprize awaited the young reporter when he returned to his newspaper's city room The Creeper in the Crypt Robert Bloch 104 A tale of stark horror in the dread cellar of an evil house in legend-haunted Arkham Weird Story Reprint: The Hounds of Tindalos Frank Belknap Long, Jr. 111 An eery tale reprinted from WEIRD TALES of eight years ago The Eyrie 122 The readers discuss the merits and demerits of this magazine Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada, $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission of the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1937, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH W. T.--1 1