264 WEIRD TALES "They were, but no interfering busy- body stopped them. Let me out of here, I'm going to--" "Monsieur," de Grandin did not raise his voice, but the look he bent upon the other was as hard and merciless as though it were a leveled bayonet, "you are going to remain right here and tell us how it came about. You will tell of this trans- gression which has caused three deaths already and almost caused a fourth. Do not fear to speak, my friend. We are physicians, and your confidence will be respected. On the other hand, if you per- sist in silence we shall surely place you in restraint. You would like to be lodged in a madhouse, have your every action watched, be strapped in a straitjacket if you attempted self-destruction, hein?" Slowly spoken, his words had the impact of a bodily assault, and the other reeled as from a beating. "Not that!" he gasped. "O God, any- thing but that! I'll tell you everything if you will promise--" "You have our word, Monsieur; say on." THE visitor drew his chair up closer to the fire, as if a sudden cold had chilled his marrow. He was some forty years of age, slim and quite attractive, immaculately dressed, well groomed. His eyes were brown, deep-set and drawn, as if unutterably weary, with little pouches under them. His shoulders sagged as if the weight they bore was too much for them. His hair was almost wholly gray. "Beaten" was the only adjective to modi- fy him. "I think perhaps you knew my parents, Doctor Trowbridge," he began. "My father was James Balderson." I nodded. Jim Balderson had been a senior when I entered college, and his escapades were bywords on the campus. Nothing but the tolerance which stamps a rich youth's viciousness as merely indi- cation of high spirits had kept him from dismissal since his freshman year, and faculty and townsfolk sighed with relief when he took his sheepskin and departed simultaneously. The Balderson and Ald- ridge fortunes were combined when he married Bronson Aldridge's sole heir and daughter, and though he settled down in the walnut-paneled office of the Farmers Loan &amp; Trust Company, his sons had car- ried on his youthful zest for getting into trouble. Drunken driving, divorce cases, scandals which involved both criminal and civil courts, were their daily fare. Two of them had died by violence, one in a motor smash-up, one when an outraged husband showed better marksmanship than self-restraint. One had died of poi- son liquor in the Prohibition era. We had just saved the sole survivor from attempted suicide. "Yes, I knew your father," I responded. "Do you remember Horton Hall?" he asked. I bent my brows a moment. "Wasn't that the school down by the Shrewsbury where they had a scandal?--something about the headmaster committing sui- cide, or--" "You're right. That's it. I was in the last class there. So were Eldridge, Trivers and Atkins. "I was finishing my junior year when the war broke out in 'seventeen. Dad got bulletproof commissions for the older boys, but wouldn't hear of my enlisting in the Navy. 'You've a job to do right there at Horton,' he told me. 'Get your certificate; then we'll see about your join- ing up.' So back I went to finish out my senior year. Dad didn't know what he was doing to me. Things might have turned out differently if I'd gone in the service. "Everyone who could was getting in the Army or the Navy. We'd lost most