WEIRD TALES 243 thing was as comfortable as possible, he bade me good-night. As he turned to leave the room, the flickering light from the lamp fell on his neck and I noticed two small punctures in the skin. I questioned him regarding them, but he replied that he must have beheaded a pimple and that he hadn't noticcd them before. He again said good- night and left the room. I undressed and tumbled into bed. During the night I was conscious of an overpowering feeling of suffocation-- as if some great burden was lying on my chest which I could not dislodge; and in the morning, when I awoke, I experi- enced a curious sensation of weakness. I arose, not without an effort, and began divesting myself of my sleeping-suit. As I folded the jacket I noticed a thin line of blood on the collar. I felt my neck, a terrible fear overwhelming me. It pained slightly at the toudi. I rushed to examine it in the mirror. Two tiny dots rimmed with blood--my blood-- and on my neck! No longer did I chuckle at Remson's fears, for it, the tiling, had attacked me as I slept! I dressed as quickly as my condition would permit and went downstairs, think- ing to find my friend there. He was not about, so I looked about outside, but he was not in evidence. There was but one answer to the question. He had not yet arisen. It was nine o'clock, so I resolved to awaken him. Not knowing which room he occupied, I entered one after another in a fruitless search. They were all in various stages of disorder, and the thick coating of dust on the furniture showed that they had been untenanted for some time. At last, in a bedroom on the north side of the third floor, I found him. He was lying spread-eagle fashion across the bed, still in his pajamas, and LET ME TELL YOU About your business, travel, changes, matrimony, love affairs, friends, enemies, lucky days and many other interesting and Im- portant affairs of your life as In- dicated by astrology. Send for your special Astral Reading. All work strictly scientific, individual and pruaranteed (satisfactory. FOR MANY TEARS PRIVATE AS- TROLOGICAL ADVISER TO ROYALTY and the ELITE. Write name, address and date of birth plainly. No money required, but If you like send 20 cents (stamps; No Coins), to help defray costa. Address: PUNDIT TABORE. (Dept. 426-B), Upper Forjett Street. BOMBAY VII, BRITISH INDIA. Postage to India la 6c. YOU CAN CONTROL YOUR FATE Only one power controls your destiny--a strange force sleeping in your mind. Awaken it! Command it to obey you! Push obstacle* aside and attain your fondest hopes and ideals. The Rosicrucians know how. Write For Free Booklet Learn why great masters through the ages were Rosicrucians. Free booklet tells the fascinating story of this age old Fraternity and bow to obtain its priceless teachings. Write to: Scribe M. M. B., THE ROSICRUCIANS (AMORC) SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA Dept. H-20 Boy yonr Drag Sundries. Special- ties, Supplies, Novelties, etc., direct from manufacturer tl trough oar Mail-Order Dept. All personal items are mailed postpaid by us in plain sealed package. We have every- thing. Send for Fit EE, illustrated mail-order catalog. THE N-R MFG. CO. Box 353 Hamilton. Ontario CONTROLS Disease of Blood An effective treatment against disease of blood. Used for 60 years. Home Treatment. Hundreds of Endorsements. Whatever the cause, however far advanced, write for FREE Book. JOHN STERLING REMEDY CO. DIRECT from FRANCE Rare and curious French books translated Into English. Ask for our new illustrated catalogue just issued. Two sample books with our catalogue for $1.00 bill. Cata- logue only 15c (stamps). NOUVEAUTES PROUVE. Bureau restant, Pavlllons-sous-Bols (Seine), France. WANTED Old and Rare Money. You may have $100.00 penny. Keep posted. Valuable coins pass through your hands daily. Before sending coins mall 10c for new 1936 coin book. Union Coin Com-pany, Box 976, Muskogee, Okla. WANTED