374 WEIRD TALES    about and get the dinner ready, for I am well-nigh starved."  "Martha! Dinner!" ejaculated the lady, falling back in astonishment.  "Yes, dinner, Martha, dinner!" howled von Hartmann, who was becoming irri- table. "Is there anything wonderful in that request when a man has been out all day? I'li wait in the dining-room. Any- thing will do. Schinken, and sausage, and prunes--any little thing that hap- pens to be about. There you are, standing staring again. Woman, will you or will you not stir your legs?"  This last address, delivered with a per- fect shriek of rage, had the effect of send- ing good Madam Baumgarten flying along the passage and through the kitch- en, where she locked herself up in the scullery and went into violent hysterics. In the meantime von Hartmann strode into the room and threw himself down upon the sofa in the worst of tempers.  "Elise!" he shouted. "Confound the girl! Elise!"  Thus roughly summoned, the young lady came timidly downstairs and into the presence of her lover.  "Dearest!" she cried, throwing her arms round him, "I know this is all done for my sake! It is a ruse in order to see me."  Von Hartmann's indignation at this fresh attack upon him was so great that he became speechless for a minute from rage, and could only glare and shake his lists, while he struggled in her embrace. When he at last regained his utterance, he indulged in such a bellow of passion that the young lady dropped back, petri- fied with fear, into an armchair.  "Never have I passed such a day in my life," von Hartmann cried, stamping upon tbe floor. "My experiment has failed. Von Althaus has insulted me. Two students have dragged me along the public road. My wife nearly faints when      I ask her for dinner, and my daughter flies at me and hugs me like a grizzly bear."  "You are ill, dear," the young lady cried. "Your mind is wandering. You have not even kissed me once."  "No, and I don't intend to, either," von Hartmann said with decision. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Why don't you go and fetch my slippers, and help your mother to dish the dinner?"   "And is it for this," Elise cried, bury- ing her face in her handkerchief--"is it for this that I have loved you passionately for upward of ten months? Is it for this that I have braved my mother's wrath? Oh, you have broken my heart; I am sure you have!" and she sobbed hysterically.  "I can't stand much more of this," roared von Hartmann furiously. "What the deuce does the girl mean? What did I do ten months ago which inspired you with such a particular affection for me? If you are really so very fond, you would do better to run down and find the schinken and some bread, instead of talk- ing all this nonsense."  "Oh, my darling!" cried the unhappy maiden, throwing herself into the arms of what she imagined to be her lover, "you do but joke in order to frighten your little Elise."   NOW it chanced that at the moment of this unexpected embrace von Hartmann was still leaning back against the end of the sofa, which, like much German furniture, was in a somewhat rickety condition. It also chanced that be- neath this end of the sofa there stood a; tank full of water in which the physiolo- gist was conducting certain experiments upon the ova of fish, and which he kept in his drawing-room in order to insure an equable temperature. The additional weight of the maiden, combined with the impetus with which she hurled herself