WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 185 destroying god to acquaint himself with the world and its conditions. He would return to teach his tribe. So they re- mained, a nucleus of evil power that never seemed to die out. "Nice little design; looks like half a ray-fish," he commented. Impossible to fathom what was going on behind the sheykh's carven, immobile features. "Wasm -- did you say? Wait, I must write that down." The whites of the Arab's eyes glinted as he glanced at Merle. "Are you like your cousin in this--do you also suffer from loss of memory?" "I--we--what do you mean?" "You have a saying in your Book of Wisdom, Thy much learning doth turn thee to madness.' The effetidi is like to that man, Paul. For who, after years and years of study, could forget so simple a thing as a wasm?' Dale didn't move a muscle. His bluff was called. All right! On with the next dance! Too late he realized why (he Arab had started the absorbing ivasm topic It had been intended to shock and distract his own thoughts from Gunnar--to pre- vent his keeping an eye on him. The Icelander had got up and gone over to his tent a minute ago with a mur- mur about tobacco. He had not returned. Dale was on his feet and peering into Gunnar's tent in a flash. No one there. He looked at the western horizon--the sun had dipped beyond it. He scanned the desert. It offered no shelter for Gun- nar's six feet of height. He looked into every tent; saw that only the servants crouched before their fires, that only bag- gage lay heaped upon the ground. Shadows were melting into dusk. But one long shadow seemed to move over there among the dunes not far away! Were his own dark thoughts inventing the tiling that fled across the desert? The darkest thought of ail came as he went back to Merle and the silent watch- ful Arab. Was he a match for this man? YOU needn't worry about Gunnar. The Arab's at the back of these nightly disappearances, I'm quite certain, although the reasons he gave were of his own invention." "Then you think he'll come back?" Merle looked tired and anxious in the light of her small lamp. "He'll come back," asserted the man. "Good night, old lady. If you feel nerv- ous or want anything, just give a yelp. I'll be awake--got to finish a bit of re- search work." She caught a look that belied his cheer- ful voice. "Why d'you look round my tent like that? Is there any special danger --that wolf?" "Well, I don't mind telling you there is a spot of danger. You're not the sort that goes off like a repeating-rifle at being warned. But--have you got your doodah handy?" She showed the automatic underneath her pillow. "Perhaps I ought to tell you that Gunnar warned me too. No. Not about the wolf, but El Shabur." "Worse than a whole pack of wolves," he agreed. "Know where you are with those noisy brutes, but the sheykh's an- other cup of tea, entirely." "He gave me this. Told me to tie up my tent with it. Queer, don't you think?" He examined the plait of colored string with profound interest. "Jerusalem the Golden! If we ever reach dry land again, this will be an heir- loom for you to hand on. That is, unless you're hard up and want to sell it to some Croesus for a sack of diamonds. This, my dear Blade-eyed Susan, is a relic dat- ing back thousands of years. The seal, of course, not the threads. It's an emerald. And that's the Eye of Horus cut in it." "Emerald! It must be fearfully valu-