338 WEIRD TALES conquer the oppressor that I have vainly striven for eons, held back by bodily en- cumbrances. Tonight I go as a Nemesis bearing just and blazingly cataclysmic vengeance. Watch me in the sky close by the Demon-Star. "I cannot speak longer, for the body of Joe Slater grows cold and rigid, and the coarse brains are ceasing to vibrate as I wish. You have been my only friend on this planet--the only soul to sense and seek for me within the repellent form which lies on this couch. We shall meet again--perhaps in the shining mists of Orion's Sword, perhaps on a bleak pla- teau in prehistoric Asia, perhaps in un- remembered dreams tonight, perhaps in some other form an eon hence, when the solar system shall have been swept away." At this point the thought-waves ab- ruptly ceased, and the pale eyes of the dreamer--or can I say dead man?--com- menced to glaze fishily. In a half-stupor I crossed over to the couch and felt of his wrist, but found it cold, stiff, and pulse- less. The sallow cheeks paled again, and the thick lips fell open, disclosing the repulsively rotten fangs of the degenerate Joe Slater. I shivered, pulled a blanket over the hideous face, and awakened the nurse. Then I left the cell and went si- lently to my room. I had an instant and unaccountable craving for a sleep whose dreams I should not remember. THE climax? What plain tale of sci- ence can boast of such a rhetorical effect? I have merely set down certain things appealing to me as facts, allowing you to construe them as you will. As I have already admitted, my superior, old Doctor Fenton, denies the reality of every- thing I have related. He vows that I was broken down with nervous strain, and badly in need of the long vacation on full pay which he so generously gave me. He assures me on his professional honor that Joe Slater was but a low-grade paranoiac, whose fantastic notions must have come from the crude hereditary folk-tales which circulated in even the most decadent of communities. All this he tells me--yet I cannot forget what I saw in the sky on the night after Slater died. Lest you think me a biased witness, another pen must add this final testimony, which may per- haps supply the climax you expect. I will quote the following account of the star Nova Persei verbatim from the pages of that eminent astronomical authority, Pro- fessor Garrett P. Serviss: "On February 22, 1901, a marvelous new star was discovered by Doctor Ander- son of Edinburgh, not very far from Algol. No star had been visible at that point before. Within twenty-four hours the stranger had become so bright that it outshone Capella. In a week or two it had visibly faded, and in the course of a few months it was hardly discernible with the naked eye."