228 WEIRD TALES hours that machine near the table will generate waves acting on unrecognized sense-organs that exist in us as atrophied or rudimentary vestiges. Those waves will open up to us many vistas unknown to man, and several unknown to anything we consider organic life. We shall see that at which dogs howl in the dark, and that at which cats prick up their ears after midnight. We shall see these things, and other things which no breathing creature has yet seen. We shall overleap time, space, and dimensions, and without bodily motion peer to the bottom of creation." When Tillinghast said these things I remonstrated, for I knew him well enough to be frightened rather than amused; but he was a fanatic, and drove me from the house. Now he was no less a fanatic, but his desire to speak had con- quered his resentment, and he had writ- ten me imperatively in a hand I could scarcely recognize. As I entered the abode of the friend so suddenly meta- morphosed to a shivering gargoyle, I be- came infected with the terror which seemed stalking in all the shadows. The words and beliefs expressed ten weeks before seemed bodied forth in the dark- ness beyond the small circle of candle- light, and I sickened at the hollow, al- tered voice of my host. I wished the servants were about, and did not like it when he said they had all left three days previously. It seemed strange that old Gregory, at least, should desert his mas- ter without telling as tried a friend as I. It was he who had given me all the in- formation I had of Tillinghast after I was repulsed in rage. Yet I soon subordinated all my fears to my growing curiosity and fascination. Just what Crawford Tillinghast now wished of me I could only guess, but that he had some stupendous secret or discovery to impart, I could not doubt. Before I had protested at his unnatural pryings into the unthinkable; now that he had evidently succeeded to some de- gree I almost shared his spirit, terrible though the cost of victory appeared. UP THROUGH the dark emptiness of the house I followed the bobbing candle in the hand of this shaking parody on man. The electricity seemed to be turned off, and when I asked my guide he said it was for a definite reason. "It would be too much ... I would not dare," he continued to mutter. I especially noted his new habit of mutter- ing, for it was not like him to talk to himself. We entered the laboratory in the attic, and I observed that detestable electrical machine, glowing with a sickly, sinister violet luminosity. It was connected with a powerful chemical battery, but seemed to be receiving no current; for I recalled that in its experimental stage it had sput- tered and purred when in action. In re- ply to my question Tillinghast mumbled that this permanent glow was not elec- trical in any sense that I could under- stand. He now seated me near the machine, so that it was on my right, and turned a switch somewhere below the crowning duster of glass bulbs. The usual sputter- ing began, turned to a whine, and ter- minated in a drone so soft as to suggest a return to silence. Meanwhile the lumi- nosity increased, waned again, then as- sumed a pale, outré color or blend of colors which I could neither place nor describe. Tillinghast had been watching me, and noted my puzzled expression. "Do you know what that is?" he whis- pered. "That is ultra-violet " He chuckled oddly at my surprize. "You thought ultra- violet was invisible, and so it is--but you