THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 137 were bursting to draw in air, slow fires seeming to creep through his breast as he held his breath. Ennis knew that in a moment or two more he would inhale the strangling waters and die. The thought-picture of Ruth flashed across his despairing mind, wild with hopeless regret. He could no longer hold his breath, felt his muscles relaxing against his will, tasted the sting- ing salt water at the back of his nose. Then it was a bursting confusion of swift sensations, the choking water in his nose and throat, the roaring in his cars. A scroll of flame unrolled slowly in his brain and a voice shouted there, "You're dying!" He felt dimly a pluck- ing at his ankles. Abruptly Ennis' dimming mind was aware that he now was shooting upward through the water. His head burst into open air and he choked, strangled and gasped, his tortured lungs gulping the damp, heavy air. He opened his eyes, and shook the water from diem. He was floating in the darkness at the surface of the water. Someone was float- ing beside him, supporting him. Ennis' chin bumped the other's shoulder, and he heard a familiar voice. "Easy, now," said Inspector Campbell. "Wait till I cut your hands loose." "Campbell!" Ennis choked. "How did you get loose?" "Never mind that now," the inspector answered. "Don't make any noise, or they may hear us up there." Ennis felt a knife-blade slashing the bonds at his wrists. Then, the inspec- tor's arm helping him, he and his com- panion paddled weakly through the dark- ness under the rotting pier. They bumped against the slimy, moldering piles, threaded through them toward the side of the pier. The waves of the flooding tide washed them up and down as Camp- bell led the way. They passed out from under the old pier into the comparative illumination of the stars. Looking back up, Ennis saw the long, black mass of the house of Chandra Dass, resting on the blade pier, ruddy light glowing from window-cracks. He collided with something and found that Campbell had led toward a little floating dock where some skiffs were moored. They scrambled up onto it from the water, and lay panting for a few mo- ments. Campbell had something in his hand, a thin, razor-edged steel blade several inches long. Its hilt was an ordinary leather shoe-heel. The inspector turned up one of his feet and Ennis saw that the heel was missing from that shoe. Carefully Camp- bell slid the steel blade beneath the shoe- sole, the heel-hilt sliding into place and seeming merely the innocent heel of the shoe. "So that's how you got loose down in the water!" Ennis exclaimed, and the in- spector nodded briefly. "That trick's done me good service be- fore--even with your hands tied behind your back you can get out that knife and use it. It was touch and go, though, whether I could get it out and cut myself loose in the water in time enough to free you." Ennis gripped the inspector's shoulder. "Campbell, Ruth is in there! By heaven, we've found her and now we can get her out!" "Right!" said the officer grimly. "We'll go around to the front and in two minutes we'll be in there with my men." They climbed dripping to their feet, and hastened from the little floating dock up onto the shore, through the darkness to the cobbled street. The shabbily disguised men of Inspec- tor Campbell were not now in front of