232 WEIRD TALES Revolvers cracked. He felt searing pains in his leg and shoulder, and went down under a mass of nauseating dead things. Still he fought. He had a mo- mentary glimpse of Prettweg looking sardonically on, his mad face now afire with insane hatred, and saw that the doc- tor had a revolver ready to fire at Cran- ston's first appearance. With a pain- racking effort, he shifted under the strug- gling mass of dead, aimed wildly, and fired--once, twice, three times. Abruptly the struggle ebbed away. And died. Cranston lay in the midst of a ghastly mound of dead flesh. He felt nausea as- sailing him, buried his face in his hands, and waited for death. Nothing happened. A moment passed and he looked up, pulling himself from the decaying flesh that pinned him down. He saw bodies fall from the ramparts like stones, saw the living dead in doorways sag and sprawl into the sand, saw the standing dead topple and collapse like empty sacks. And then he saw Doctor Prettweg against the wall of a near-by building sag gently and slide downward to the sand. He writhed on the ground, shuddered, and died. Like a giant bird he lay, his white coat spread beneath his arms like the too feeble wings of some predatory creature, his long hair fanned away from his head, his arms outspread, his fingers twisted into the hot sand. Cranston came unsteadily to his feet, his brain awhirl, the wounds in his leg and shoulder flaming with pain. It was over. The horror of living dead men had passed with Prettweg's death. Pray God it would never come again! Abruptly he heard a familiar sound-- the steady drone of racing planes. His mind struggled to free itself from the horror of his surroundings. He must escape before the planes got there--but he alone could not open the gates in so short a time. Then his mind cleared. He began to run wildly toward the central building. Somewhere there must be the Foreign Legion flag. A glance told him it was no longer on the ram- parts, the dead invaders having doubtless removed it. If he could find the flag or, failing to find it, if he could get to the roof and signal them--for they must know he was here. He could be certain they had first stopped at Surdez for in- structions from Prageur. He emerged on the roof to see the planes almost directly above, circling un- certainly about. At the same moment he caught sight of the flag, crumpled care- lessly into a corner. He ran and gathered it up in his arms, mounted the highest wall, and there let the flag stream out behind him as he ran along the perilous rampart. The leading plane banked and another dipped toward him. He had a sickening conviction that machine-gun fire would sweep him from the wall, but the plane veered away. They had seen and under- stood. Cranston jumped to the roof again and saw men from Surdez coming across the dunes beyond the gate. For a mo- ment only he stood there; then he felt again the increasing pain of his wounds and he toppled forward, lost in an un- fathomable sea of blackness. Cranston was back at his telegraph next day when Lieutenant Prageur entered, in his hand a report to be dis- patched to headquarters. As he left the room he turned. "By the way, you may depend upon promotion," he said crisply, smiling. Then he was gone.