565 THE HOUND OF PEDRO    The natives felt it, the priests felt it. Here was evil in beast.  Black Pedro Dominguez and his hound rode through the town. The cavalcade halted at the mission steps. The priest raised his hands in bene- diction as Pedro dismounted and stood before him.  The band had traveled far. There was foam on the horses' flanks and dust upon the armor of their riders. Sweat oozed across Black Pedro's scarred forehead. The hound cowered at his feet, moaning, with its tongue lolling like a red serpent.  Therefore as Pedro approached, the padre opened his mouth to invite him into the mission; rest, food, wa- ter might be provided.   BEF0RE he could speak, Black Pedro growled a greeting. He, he in- formed the padre, was Pedro Domin- guez of Mexico City. He wished noth- ing from the good father save that he should immediately pronounce the prayers for the dead.  "What is this, sir?" the padre asked. "Can it be that you carry with you the body of some poor man who died unshriven in the desert?"  "No," said Pedro, curtly. "But get along with the prayer." His dark eyes smoldered.  "But I do not understand," the priest continued. "Who is this prayer for?"  "For you--you fool!" Pedro smiled, grim mirth flaming in his eyes. "For you!"  It happened very quickly then. Even as he spoke, Pedro's saber had leaped from the scabbard, risen in Pedro's hand, and descended in flash- ing fury on the priest's neck. There was a thud and the padre's body lay in red dust. There was a puddle in      the little space between head and neck.  Others had seized the two breth- ren. Daggers flashed in silver sun- light. The black-gowned men dropped beside their superior.  The Yaquis stood silent. Then a vast murmuring arose, a muffled drone of anger. These strangers had killed the white brothers. Knives and bows appeared in brown hands. The tall natives closed in on the mission steps, converging in a red wave.  As if by premeditated signal the little band of whites grouped them- selves in a semicircle. Pistols ap- peared. And as the tribesmen closed in, flame burst upon them. A score dropped, screaming. Another belch of fire. Brown bodies writhed in agony on the dusty ground. The natives turned and fled up the adobe-lined street. The whites remounted, wheeled their steeds, and leveled their lances. Steel shivered through the retreating backs. Swords hacked at heads and shoulders. There were screams and imprecations; horses whinnied and armor clanged. But above all was the sound of grisly laughter as Black Pedro sat quaking on the mission steps. Beside him was the great hound. As the beast began to worry the bodies of the young tribesmen, Pedro laughed anew.  2  THE truce came soon. The Yaquis dragged away the bodies of their slain. Gomez, the mestizo chieftain, parleyed in the mission chapel with Pedro that evening. When he heard Pedro's terms--his command--the old Indian's gray face turned pale with sick rage. He muttered to him- self of Yaztan, the great Yaqui leader