128 WEIRD TALES the good fortune to read another such story by the same author, as he has made such a splendid start and it would be a shame not to have some more from his soon famous pen." Conan His Favorite Character A. H. McDonald, of Little Rock, Arkan- sas, writes: "I have been a constant reader of WT for eleven years and it has afforded me many hours of enjoyment. It was with deepest regret that I read of the death of Robert E. Howard. It is a sad thought to know that I can never again follow Conan through his strange lands. Conan was my favorite character." Praise Across the Sea Leslie Stille, of Harrow-on-the-Hili, Eng- land, writes: "I don't know how often it is that you receive praise across the Atlantic, but I feel that WT deserves a great deal. I saw a copy of the magazine one day for the first time on sale at a news agent's and the cover attracted me immediately (can you wonder?). Since then I have called at every news agent I could for further copies. I in- troduced them to my friends, too. How your spine-chilling stories compare with the feeble, lukewarm, insipid apologies that are so often published! The stories in WT are something altogether new in the fiction I have read--something for which I have longed -- utterly gripping and fantastic, breath-taking in their weirdness. But please don't adulterate and dilute it with pseudo- scientific stories and thinly-disguised detec- tive yarns. There are other magazines for those who like such stuff. Let WT be some- thing unique and striking. Avoid the com- monplace and banal." Paging Moore and Smith T. Gelbut, of Niagara Falls, New York, writes: "Just a few lines to let you know that WT keeps satisfying my prodigious ap- petite for the weird, grotesque and sorcerous in literature. I do miss C. L. Moore's North- west Smith stories (incidentally the only writer of interplanetary fiction that I enjoy reading). C. A. Smith is also infrequently found in WT, and I sadly look in vain for his tales of sorcery and necromancy for which he is so justly famous." Your Favorite Story Readers, what stories do you like best in this issue? Write us a letter, or fill out the coupon on this page, and mail it to the Eyrie, WEIRD TALES. Your favorite story in the May WEIRD TALES, as shown by your votes and letters, was Duar the Accursed, by Clifford Ball. This was pressed for first honors by The Salem Horror, by Henry Kuttner. MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JULY WEIRD TALES ARE: Story Remarks (1) (2) (3) I do not like the following stories: (1) Why? (2) Reader's name aad address: Fill out this coupon and mail it to The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill. W. T.--8