THE MEDICI BOOTS 203 "But this afternoon as you were leav- ing the kitchen--didn't you say it was almond something or other?" She shook her head, smiling. "Per- haps it is. I wouldn't know." The maid had placed the tray with the three silver dishes of dessert before Su- zanne, that she might put on them the final sprinkling of delicate silver can- dies. Daintily, Suzanne sifted the shin- ing bubbles over the fluff of cream. Eric, watching her, felt very little surprize when he saw Suzanne, with almost leger- demain deftness, sift upon one dish a film of pinkish powder which could not be de- tected after it lay on the pink cream. Waiting, he knew not for what mo- ment, he watched Suzanne pass the silver dishes herself, saw her offer the one with the powdered top to John. And it was then that their attention was attracted by the entrance of the maltese kitten. So tiny it was, so brave in its careening tot- ter across the shiny floor, small tail hoist- ed like a sail, that John and Eric laughed aloud. Suzanne merely glanced down at the little creature and turned away. The kit- ten, however, came to her chair, put up a tiny paw and caught its curved claws in the fragile stuff of Suzanne's gown. In- stantly, her face became distorted with rage and she kicked out at the kitten, sav- agely, and with set lips. It seemed to Eric that the amethysts on the Medici boots winked wickedly in the light of the big chandelier. The kitten was flung some ten feet away, and lay in a small, panting heap. John sprang up. "Suzanne! How could you?" He took the kitten in his arms and soothed it. "Why its heart's beating like a trip- hammer," he said. "I don't understand, Suzanne-" As the kitten grew quiet, he took a large rose-leaf from the table-flowers and spread it with a heaping spoonful of the pink cream from his dessert. Then he put the kitten on the floor beside it. "Here, little one. Lick this up. It's fancy eating. Suzanne's sorry. I know she is." The kitten, with the greed of its kind, devoured the cream, covering its small nose and whiskers with a pinkish film. Suzanne sat back in her chair, fingering her bracelets, her eyes on Eric's face. John watched the kitten, and Eric watched, too --watched tensely, for he sensed what would happen to it. The kitten finished the cream, licked its paws and whiskers and turned to walk away. Then it spun around in a frantic convulsion, and in a moment lay dead on its back, its tiny red tongue protruding, its paws rigid. Outside, the storm glowered, and in the chartreuse light of the forked light- ning, the great chandelier was turned to a sickly radiance. Thunder rolled like muffled drums. Suddenly Suzanne began to laugh, peal after peal of terrible laughter, and then, after a glare of lightning, the big chandelier winked out. The room was plunged into stormy darkness, and they could hear the rain lashing through the garden to hurl itself against the windows. "Don't be frightened, Suzanne." It was John's solicitous voice, and it was fol- lowed by a quick movement from Su- zanne's side of the table. A sheet of blue-green light illumined the room for an instant, and Eric saw Su- zanne struggling in her husband's arms, one jeweled arm uplifted and in her hand a shining dagger. With a bound that was almost invol- untary, Eric reached them and struck at the knife in Suzanne's hand. It clattered to the floor. And as though the