  HE THAT HATH WINGS 75    to shout again, and the cold, clean air hammered into his throat. In sheer, mad physical ecstasy he rocketed up through the blue with whirring wings.  It was thus that Doctor Harriman saw him when he chanced to come out of the bungalow a little later. The doctor heard a shrill, exultant cry from high above and looked up to see that slim winged shape swooping down toward him from the sunlit heavens.  The doctor caught his breath at the sheer beauty of the spectacle as David dived and soared and whirled above him, gone crazy with delight in his new-found wings. The boy had instinctively learned how to turn and twist and dive, even though his movements had yet a clumsi- ness that made him sometimes side-slip.  When David Rand finally swooped down and alighted in front of the doctor with quick-closing wings, the boy's eyes streamed electric joy.  "I can fly!"  Doctor Harriman nodded. "You can fly, David. I know I can't keep you from doing it now, but you must not leave the island and you must be careful."   BY THE time David reached the age of seventeen, there was no longer any need to caution him to be careful. He was as much at home in the air as any bird living.  He was a tall, slim, yellow-haired youth now, his arrow-straight figure still clad only in the shorts that were all the cloth- ing his warm-blooded body required, a wild, restless energy crackling and snap- ping in his keen face and dancing blue eyes.  His wings had become superb, glitter- ing, bronze-feathered pinions that ex- tended more than ten feet from tip to tip when he spread them, and that touched      his heels with their lowest feathers when he closed them on his back.  Constant flying over the island and the surrounding waters had developed the great wing-muscles behind David's shoulders to tremendous strength and endurance. He could spend a whole day gliding and soaring over the island, now climbing high with mad burst of whir- ring wings, then circling, planing on mo- tionless wings, slowly descending.  He could chase and overtake almost any bird in the air. He would start up a flock of pheasants and his laughter would ring high and wild across the sky as he turned and twisted and darted after the panicky birds. He could pull out the tail-feathers of outraged hawks before they could escape, and he could swoop quicker than hawk on rabbits and squir- rels on the ground.  Sometimes when fog banked the island Doctor Harriman would hear the ringing shout from the gray mists overhead and would know that David was somewhere up there. Or again he would be out over the sunlit waters, plummeting headlong down to them and then at the last mo- ment swiftly spreading his wings so that he just skimmed the wave-crests with the screaming gulls before he rocketed up- ward again.  Never yet had David been away from the island, but the doctor knew from his own infrequent visits to the mainland that the world-wide interest in the flying youth was still strong. The photographs which the doctor gave to scientific jour- nals no longer sufficed for the public curi- osity, and launches and airplanes with moving-picture cameramen frequently cir- cled the island to snap pictures of David Rand flying.  To one of those airplanes occurred a thing that gave its occupants much to talk about for days to come. They were    