WEIRD TALES 375    upon him, caused the precarious piece of furniture to give way, and the body of the unfortunate student was hurled backward into the tank, in which his head and shoulders were firmly wedged, while his lower extremities flapped helplessly about in the air. This was the last straw. Ex- tricating himself with some difficulty from his unpleasant position, von Hartmann gave an inarticulate yell of fury, and dashing out of the room, in spite of the entreaties of Elise, he seized his hat and rushed off into the town, all dripping and disheveled, with the intention of seeking in some inn the food and comfort which he could not find at home.  As the spirit of von Baumgarten, en- cased in the body of von Hartmann, strode down the winding pathway which led down to the little town, brooding an- grily over his many wrongs, he became aware that an elderly man was approach- ing him who appeared to be in an ad-      vanced state of intoxication. Von Hart- mann waited by the side of the road and watched this individual, who came stum- bling along, reeling from one side of the road to the other, and singing a student song in a very husky and drunken voice. At first his interest was merely excited by the fact of seeing a man of so venerable an appearance in such a disgraceful con- dition, but as he approached nearer he became convinced that he knew the other well, though he could not recall when or where he had met him. This impression became so strong with him, that when the stranger came abreast of him he stepped in front of him and took a good look at his features.  "Well, sonny," said the drunken man, surveying von Hartmann, and swaying about in front of him, "where the Henker have I seen you before? I know you as well as I know myself. Who the deuce are you?"    SPECIAL MONEY-SAVING SUBSCRIPTION OFFER One Year (12 issues @ 25c = $3.00--YOU SAVE 50c) $2.50 Two Years (24 issues @ 25C = $6.00--YOU SAVE $2.00) $4.00 Three Years (36 issues @ 25c = $9.00--YOU SAVE $4.00) $5.00 To any address in the United States or possessions Central America, Cuba, Mexico, South America and Spain  For Canada, Newfoundland and Labrador add 25c a year extra for postage. To all other countries add 50c a year extra for postage. USE THIS COUPON FOR SUBSCRIBING   WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill., U. S. A. Enclosed find $........................for which please enter my subscription to WEIRD TALES for................................years to begin with the November issue. Name Address City State