THE GODDESS AWAKES 183 higher mountain passes; it rose and fell with a horrible regularity, and the listen- ers knew they were hearing something that came not from the earth of man- kind but from among the dwellers of the unknown, from the deep caverns into which no human could descend, or from the outer spaces, beyond the skies, which they could not attain. It held a feminine quality but remained inhuman; it pos- sessed an indescribable suggestion of evil- ness beyond normal comprehension, play- ing on the nerves of even the least sen- sitive among them as a musician strikes a rending chord to vibrate the innermost brain-centers of his audience. Perhaps the most soul-freezing attribute of all was the distinctness of the enunciation, the realization of something unearthly pro- nouncing earthly syllables. The sounds, not the words themselves, pierced the ears with such insidious, mocking, animal-like suggestiveness that in the thoughts of all were born obscene and lewd impulses hitherto unknown by most of them. In the quality and the fluctuation of the tone lay the hidden horrors. "Rald! Thwaine!" It called as sweetly as a mistress summoning her lover, "Rald! Thwaine! I am waiting!" One of the guards uttered a low moan and fell on her knees. Others covered their eyes as if fearful of what the in- creasing flood of moonlight might reveal. Cene, white of face, stood motionless; the two captives looked at each other. It was rarely indeed that they saw fear in a comrade's eyes. But this was no battle- field whereon a clean death could be met honorably; it was a place where helpless, chained sacrifices were offered to some unknown, and therefore more terrifying, elemental born outside of man's knowl- edge. By a supreme effort Thwaine avoid- ed duplicating the action of the prone guard. Rald felt something drip into one eye and recognized it to be a bead of per- spiration. Only Throal was untouched by the gen- eral fear. He moved forward through the ring of guards surrounding the captives, his bald head glistening beneath the lights, and assumed command while the queen was still paralyzed with super- stitious awe of tradition. "Yes, strike the chains from the pris- oners--on the edge of the arena! My daughter is silent now. Do not let her grow impatient." Part of Throal's power was based on the study of the effect of psychology on a mass; he knew when to assume leader- ship. There was no hesitation among the women now. Rald and Thwaine were hastily jostled to the stone lip of the arena while Cene, powerless in the face of ancient wizardry, followed her guards with uncertain steps and strained features. She had lost. A SCORE of unsheathed swords poised at the victims' backs as their shackles were loosened and removed; Rald saw that one of the women working on Thwaine's ankles was the ashen-faced Ating and he silently cursed her under his breath. Thwaine had hopes of aid from her! "Rald! Thwaine!" The eery cry was repeated. Straining their eyes, the mercenaries strove to detect a moving object on the sands, which were now palely illuminated by the rising moon, but no other form was visible on the gray expanse save the bulky rock, altar, or whatever it was sup- posed to represent, standing in the center of the amphitheater. "They come, daughter!" croaked Throal from the background. "They come, O Hess!" Swords were pressed against the vic-