THE THING ON THE FLOOR 287 Dmitri's usual massive chair; several other, smaller chairs were scattered hap- hazardly about. A faded strip of carpet- ing ran diagonally from the door toward the table. There were no pictures, no bookcases or books, no filing-cabinet or desk. A telephone rested at one end of the table, close beside an ambiguity that --save for its grotesquely large bulb, full of an uncommon multiplicity of filaments and several oddly shaped and curiously perforated metal vanes--looked like an unshaded desk-lamp. Dmitri lowered himself into his tre- mendous chair. "Sit down," he directed abruptly. "Compose yourselves. You, Miss Roberts, may watch this experiment; it is in no way new, yet it is always fasci- nating. Notice this lamp; it is so designed that it emits whorls of multicolored light, which move according to a recurrent pat- tern, somewhat in the manner of a pin- wheel." His hands, hidden beneath the table, touched a concealed switch, and the odd- looking lamp began to glow in all its many filaments, while simultaneously the complexity of tiny vanes began to revolve, slowly at first and then faster and faster, until they had attained a maximum veloc- ity beyond which there was no further acceleration. And as the filaments within the lamp gradually warmed, Mary real- ized that they gave off light of many colors, as varied and as beautiful as the spectrum seen in rainbows, colors which moved and changed in a weirdly hyp- notic sequence of patterns. . . . "Observe the lamp, Miss Stacey- Forbes," Dmitri said, in a calm, conversa- tional tone. "Do not trouble to think-- merely observe the lamp--see how the colors melt and run together and repeat themselves again--" Abruptly the ceiling light was extin- guished. And Mary Roberts gasped at the unearthly beauty of the whirling lights; even beneath the cold glow of the Mazda lamp they had been a strange symphony, but now, glowing and whirl- ing like a mighty nebula of spinning suns--! Her eyes were riveted upon them; they seemed to draw her toward them, to suck her into themselves. . . . "Observe the lights, Miss Stacey- Forbes--" Mary knew that it was Dmitri's voice, yet it sounded billions of miles away. And, curiously, she believed for a fleeting instant that there was a new note in that slumbrous whisper--a hint of exultation. But the thought vanished in its second of birth, lost amid the maze of spinning lights--the lights that were too, too beautiful. . . . 4. The Stolen Jewels MRS. GREGORY LUCE stood surveying herself with pardonable satisfaction in the almost-complete circle of full- length, chromium-framed mirrors that glittered their utilitarian splendor in a corner of her bedroom. It was well, she was reflecting, that the electric-blue gown fitted her with wrinkleless perfection, that her hair was a miracle even Francois had seldom achieved; today was her tenth wedding anniversary, and tonight Greg- ory was taking her to hear Tristan and Isolde. With sophisticated grace she returned to her dressing-table and seated herself. In her walk, languid and self-appreciative though it had been, there was neverthe- less a vague essence reminiscent of Mary Roberts; Priscilla Luce might almost have been a prophetic vision of Mary as she would some day be--their mothers were sisters. Only Priscilla was a little more the cautious type than was Mary: Priscilla had selected her husband with an eye to the future; she did not wholly approve of Charles Ethredge. Otherwise the two young women were very much alike. . . .