632 WEIRD TALES    WE DROVE fast, over strange roads, So closely was my attention cen- tered upon my companion, that I did not concern myself with the way we went. Later, I was to become uneasy over the distance we had traversed; but when I did, he reassured me, and I be- lieved that we were then on our way home, and nearly there. I thought he meant by home, my father's house; and had I not thought that, my wildest nightmare could not have whispered to me what it was that he called "home"!  He was very silent. I spoke little, and he seldom answered me. That did not alarm me as it might have done, be- cause of my ever-present conviction of my childishness, my crudeness. I blamed myself because my remarks were so stupid that they were not worth a reply, and the taciturnity that so em- barrassed me yet added to the fascina- tion that made me sit motionless hour after hour, longing more than anything else in the world to get a good look at the face beside me, to arouse more in- terest in my companion.  Once only, he spoke of his own ac- cord. He asked me why I was called Leonora.  I asked him if he did not think it was a pretty name, remembering how he had said at our first meeting that it was "music in his ears." But I was disap- pointed, for he did not compliment my name again.  "Some would say it was an ill-starred name. But, luckily, people are not su- perstitious as they used to be."  "If that is lucky, you can not call it ill-starred."  I wanted to provoke him into talk- ing more to me. I wanted his atten- tion. But he did not answer me.  I can not go on. I can not finish my story as I intended to do, telling things as they happened, in their right order.      There are things I must explain, things that people have said about me that I must deny. And the night is growing late, and the rapping I hear all night long upon my window-pane, between the bars that shut me in but that will soon protect me no longer, is growing louder--as the dawn approaches. The pain in my heart, of which the doctor has said I would die soon, is growing unendurable. And when I come to the end of my story--to the end, which I will set down--I do not know what will happen then. But that which I am to write of is so dreadful that I have never dared to think of it. Not of that itself, but of the horrible ending to the story I am telling.  I must finish before the dawn, for it is at the dawn that They must go, and it is then that They would take me-- where he waits for me, always at dawn.  But to explain first--people say I am mad. You who will read this will doubtless believe them. But tell me this:  Where was I from the time I disap- peared from my father's house until I was found, "mad," as they say, and clutching in my frenzied grasp--the finger of a skeleton? In what dread struggle did I tear that finger loose, and from what dreadful hand? And although I, a living woman, could not remain in the abode of death, if I have not been touched by the very finger of death, then tell me this:  Why is my flesh like the flesh of the dead, so that the doctors say it is like leprous flesh, although it is not lep- rous? Would God it were!  Nowr, let me go on.   OUR SILENT DRIVE continued through the flying hours. Flying hours, for I was unconscious of the lapse of time, excepting for the once when I vaguely