  60 WEIRD TALES   "Oh, that?" he glanced down at the blade. "Just a deceit for the sake of real- ism. You arranged the false-blood device splendidly, Davidson." He pushed the hilt into my slack grasp. "Look, the imi- tation gore is already evaporating."  So it was, like dew on a hot stone. Already the blade shone bright and clean.  "Very good," said Varduk. "Climax now. Miss Holgar, I think it is your line."  She, too, had been horrified by the seeming catastrophe, but she came gamely up to the bit where Mary pleads for Swi- thin's life, offering herself as the price. Half a dozen exchanges between Ruthven and Mary, thus:  "You give yourself up, then?"  "I do."  "You renounce your former manners, hopes and wishes?"  "I do."  "You will swear so, upon the book yonder?" (Here Ruthven points to a Bible, open on the garden-seat.)  "I do." (Mary touches the Bible.)   "You submit to the powers I repre- sent?"  "I know only the power to which I pray. 'Our Father, which wert in heaven--' "  Sigrid, as I say, had done well up to now, but here she broke off. "It isn't correct there," she pointed out. "The prayer should read, 'art in heaven.' Per- haps the script was copied wrongly."   "No," said Martha Vining. "It's wert in heaven' on mine."  "And on mine," I added.  Varduk had frowned a moment, as if perplexed, but he spoke decisively. "As a matter of fact, it's in the original. By- ron undoubtedly meant it to be so, to show Mary's agitation."  Sigrid had been reading ahead. "Far- ther down in the same prayer, it says almost the same thing--'Thy will be done      on earth as it was in heaven.' It should be, 'is in heaven.'"  I had found the same deviation in my own copy. "Byron hardly meant Mary's agitation to extend so far," I argued.  "Since when, Mr. Connatt," inquired Varduk silkily, "did you become an au- thority on what Byron meant, here or elsewhere in his writings? You're being, not only a critic, but a clairvoyant."  I felt my cheeks glowing, and I met his heavy, mocking gaze as levelly as I could. "I don't like sacrilegious mistakes," I said, "and I don't like being snubbed, sir."  Davidson stepped to Varduk's side, "You can't talk to him like that, Con- natt," he warned me.  Davidson was a good four inches taller than I, and more muscular, but at the moment I welcomed the idea of fightirfg him. I moved a step forward.  "Mr. Davidson," I said to him, "I don't welcome dictation from you, not on anything I choose to do or say."  Sigrid cried out in protest, and Varduk lifted up a hand. He smiled, too, in a dazzling manner.  "I think," he said in sudden good hu- mor, "that we are all tired and shaken. Perhaps it's due to the unintentional realism of that incident with the sword-- I saw several faces grow pale. Suppose we say that the rehearsals won't include so dangerous-looking an attack hereafter; we'll save the trick for the public per- formance itself. And we'll stop work now; in any case, it's supposed to be unlucky to speak the last line of a play in rehearsal. Shall we all go and get some rest?"  He turned to Sigrid and offered his arm. She took it, and they walked side by side out of the stage door and away. Martha Vining followed at their heels, while Davidson lingered to turn out the lights. Jake and I left together for our    