268 WEIRD TALES    IT WAS a doleful sound, a cry like the cry Death itself might possess; yet oddly--and horribly--it was soothing, promising the peace of endless sleep. And touched by its power, the columns of undead stiffened, thinned to wraiths, flowed as water flows down the stone steps, vanished!  The dead-alive--those five vampires in crimson cowls--looked upward uneasily. The shadows under the roof were gray- ing with the light of dawn. Cliff could sense their thought. Before sunrise they must be in their tombs under the castle, to sleep until another night. With one accord they strode down the stairs, past Corio who had prostrated himself, and entered a black opening in the wall. With their departure the altar fire dimmed to a sullen ember.  Corio arose. He was alone in the chamber save for that dead, broken body lying in a twisted heap at the foot of the stairs, and those other half-alive wretches stretched out before the altar. Now, Cliff told himself, was the time for him to get in there at Corio; now was the time to rescue his friends--but he continued to crouch, unmoving.  Again Corio blew on his silver horn, and a faint cry leaped from Vilma's tensed lips. The luring note that had drawn her, Cliff thought hazily; then he thought of nothing save the sound, the sound that promised him all he could desire. Earth and its dominion, his for the taking--if he answered that call! . . . Then even the sound eluded his senses, and he heard only the promise. ... He must answer, must claim what was right- fully his!  But those half-dead creatures--sight of their stirring steadied his staggering sanity. Here and there heads lifted and bloodless husks of bodies tried to rise. In the pallid light they seemed like corpses, freed from newly opened graves.      Some could only reach their knees; others rose to uncertain limbs. And all moved down the stairway toward Corio, answer- ing his summons; followed as he made his slow way toward the opening in the wall, still blowing the single note--the note that promised Earth and all it held. . . .  Cliff glanced toward Vilma--and she was not there. He looked down, saw her far below, dropping from crack to crevice with amazing speed and daring, hasten- ing toward--Corio!  The thought jarred any lingering taint of allurement from Cliff's mind. He must stop her. He swung around, ignor- ing the cramped stiffness of his legs, and started down the steep wall. Down, down, recklessly, with Corio's horn-note only a faintly heard sound fading behind him.  Now he saw Vilma reach the rocks below and dash around the corner of the castle, and he cursed, redoubling his speed. Down--down--and suddenly the ancient rock crumbled underfoot. For an instant he hung from straining fingertips --then dropped.  A smashing impact--a stone that slid beneath him--and his head crashed against the castle wall. Through a fiery mist of pain he pictured Vilma in the grasp of Corio. The mist thickened-- grew black--engulfed him.   4. In Corio's Hands   Cliff awoke with the sun glaring down on his face. He opened his eyes, and stabbing lances of light pierced his eyeballs. Momentarily blinded, he pressed his hands across his face and struggled erect. There was a sick feeling in his stomach, and the back of his head throbbed incessantly. He touched the aching area, and winced. A lump like an egg thrust out his scalp;