  WEIRD TALES 123    nected with the dream--e. g., the elephants --and the lake and those horrible 'missing links.' Of course, sleeping on a barren rock under the hot Pacific sun is enough to give anyone such delusions. When it comes to worms and squidging out life-cores of jelly- like substances, I don't enjoy myself any more. The previous installments of Dread- ful Sleep were so absorbing, and I was en- thused over it. With the exception of the grub and the mud cocoon, this installment was acceptable. I particularly enjoyed Ron's travels from the Antarctic over solid ocean, and the terrified sea-captain. I wonder if the poor fellow drowned when he ran from his ship, over the glass-like waves--after the world had been redeemed from its rigid state. Yup--I remember reading Medusa, and although fascinating, the woman re- pelled me just as a snake does. 'Nother one of those pussons is Marian Shortess in the Eyrie, who seems to have read only praise letters--I disagree with you quite emphat- ically! I wonder if you've ever read some of those debates that sprang up, and with very little encouragement would have become      heated arguments. Read more carefully, m'dear, and you will learn that most every- one becomes critical at times. ... If Clifton Hall will re-read the opening paragraphs of The Teakwood Box, he will note the sen- tence reads 'smelly L. A. suburb'--not 'stink- ing.' There is a world of difference between the two words. Most any place is likely to become 'smelly' in the broiling hot summer weather. Don't get so technical, m'boy! Thankee to the lad from England who finds my letters refreshing. I may add that I1 like onions and orchids. . . . And so once more we have methodically covered the issue, giving comments. Somehow it's fun. Auf wiedersehen."   Request Denied  Gene Risher writes from Johnstown, Pennsylvania: "Have been a constant reader of WT since its first appearance on the stands. After reading the present issue (May '38) I decided to send in my two-cents worth to the Eyrie for the first time, so here goes. I have few complaints with the auth- ors. I read all the stories. Some I do not    BACK COPIES Because of the many requests for back issues of WEIRD TALES, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 .... .... Jan. .... Jan. .... .... Feb. Feb. Feb. .... Mar. Mar. .... Mar. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. May May May .... May .... June June June June July July July July .... .... Aug. .... Aug. .... Sept. Sept. Sept. Sept. .... Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. .... Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. .... These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.   