MASK OF DEATH 163 "Right," nodded the doctor. "We'll want an autopsy at once. The police are on their way here. They're indirectly in our employ, as are all in Blue Bay; but they won't be able to keep this out of the papers for very long!" "Where are Weems and the rest?" "In my suite." "I'd like to see them, please." In Doctor Grays' suite, Keane stared with eyes that for once had lost some of their calm, at the weird figures secluded in the bedroom. This room was kept locked against the possibility of a cham- bermaid or other hotel employee coming in by mistake. An unwarned person might well have gone at least temporarily insane at the sudden sight of the ten in that bedroom. In a chair near the door sat Weems. He was bent forward a little as though leaning over a table. He stared unwink- ingly at space. In his hand was still a champagne glass, raised near his lips. Standing around the room were the nine others, each in the position he or she had been in when rigidity overtook them in the roulette room. They stared wide- eyed ahead of them, motionless, expres- sionless. It was like walking into a wax- works museum, save that these statuesque figures were of flesh and blood, not wax. "They're all dead as far as medical tests show," Grays said. There was awe and terror in his voice. "Yet--they're not dead! A child could tell that at a glance. I don't know what's wrong." "Why don't you put them to bed?" said Keane. "We can't. Each of the ten seems to be in some kind of spell that makes it im- possible for his body to take any but that one position. We've laid them down-- and in a moment they're up again and in the former position, moving like sleep- walkers, like dead things! Look." He gently pulled Weems' arm down. Slowly, it raised again till the champagne glass was near his lips. Meanwhile the man's eyes did not even blink. He was as oblivious of the touch as if really dead. "Horrible!" quavered Chichester. "Maybe it's some new kind of disease." "I think not," said Keane, voice soft but bleak. He looked at a night table, heaped with jewelry, handkerchiefs, wal- lets, small change. "That collection?" "The personal effects of these people," said Gest, wiping sweat from his pale face. Keane went to the pile, and sorted it over. He was struck at once by a curious lack. He couldn't place it for an instant; then he did. "Their watches!" he said. "Where are they?" "Watches?" said Gest. "I don't know. Hadn't thought of it." "There are ten people here," said Keane. "And only one watch! Normally at least eight of them would have had them, including the women with their jeweled trinkets. But there's only one. „ . . Do you remember who owned this, and where he wore it?" He picked up the watch, a man's with no chain. "That's Weems' watch. He had it in his trousers pocket." "Odd place for it," said Keane. "I see it has stopped." He wound the watch. But the little second hand did not move, and he couid only turn the winding-stem a little, prov- ing that it had not run down. The hands said eleven thirty-one. "That was the time Weems was-- paralyzed?" said Keane. Gest nodded. "Funny. His watch stopped just when he did!" "Very funny," said Keane expression- lessly. "Send this to a jeweler right away and have him find out what's wrong with it. Now, you say your assistant