146 WEIRD TALES and Roman and Egyptian and pre- Egyptian ages, the Brotherhood of the Door has existed and lias each year gath- ered in this place to open the Door and worship with sacrifices They Beyond it." The fanatic note of unearthly devotion was in his voice now, and Ennis shud- dered with a cold not of the tunnel. As they proceeded, they heard a muffled, hoarse booming somewhere over their heads, a dull, rhythmic thunder that echoed along the long passageway. The walls of the tunnel now were damp and glistening in the sourceless soft light, tiny trickles running down them. "You hear the ocean over us," came Chandra Dass' voice. "The Cavern of the Door lies several hundred yards out from shore, beneath the rock floor of the sea." They passed the dark moudis of unlit tunnels branching ahead from this il- luminated one. Then over the booming of the raging sea above them, diere came to Ennis' ears die distant, swelling chant the)r had heard in the water-cavern above. But now it was louder, nearer. At the sound of it, Chandra Dass quickened their pace. Suddenly Inspector Campbell stumbled on die slippery rock floor and went down in a heap. Instantly Chandra Dass and his two followers recoiled from them, the two pistols trained on die detective as he scrambled up. "Do not do that again, inspector," warned die Hindoo in a deadly voice. "All tricks are useless now." "I couldn't help slipping on this wet floor," complained Inspector Campbell. "The next time you make a wrong step of any kind, a bullet will smash your spine," Chandra Dass told him. "Quick --march!" The tunnel turned sharply, turned again. As diey rounded the turns, Ennis saw with a sudden electric thrill of hope that Campbell held clutched in his hand, concealed by his sleeve, the heel- hilted knife from his shoe. He had drawn it when he stumbled. Campbell edged a little closer to the young American as they were hastening onward, and whispered to him, a word at a time. "Be--ready--to jump--them-" "But diey'll shoot, your first move-" whispered Ennis agonizedly. Campbell did not answer. But Ennis sensed the detective's body tautening. They came to another turn, the strong, swelling chant coming loud from ahead. They started around that turn. Then Inspector Campbell acted. He whirled as though on a pivot, the heel- knife flashing toward die men behind diem. Shots coughed from the pistols that were pressed almost against his stomach. His body jerked as the bullets struck it, yet he remained erect, his knife stabbing with lightning rapidity. One of the hooded men slumped down with a pierced diroat, and as Campbell sprang at die other, Ennis desperately launched himself at Chandra Dass. He bore the Hindoo from his feet, but it was as though he was fighting a demon. In- side his gray robe, Chandra Dass writhed with fiendish strength. Ennis could not hold him, the Hin- doo's body seeming of spring-steel. He rolled over, dashed the young American to the floor, and leaped up, his dark face and great black eyes blazing. Then, half-way erect, he suddenly crumpled, the fire in his eyes dulling, a call for help smothered on his lips. He fell on his face, and Ennis saw tint the heel-knife was stuck in his back. Inspec- tor Campbell jerked it out, and put it back into his shoe. And now Ennis,