174 WEIRD TALES "So we really start tomorrow." Merle Anthony blew a cloud of smoke toward the glittering night sky. "I'm almost sor- ry. Solium's been fun. And I've done two of the best pictures I ever made here." "Was that why you burned them up yesterday?" her cousin, Dale Fleming, in- quired in his comfortable pleasant voice. The girl's clear pallor slowly crim- soned. "Dale! What a-" "It's all right, Merle," Gunnar Sven interrupted her. "Dale's quite right. Why pretend this delay has done you any good? And it's altogether my fault. I found that out today in the market. Over- heard some Arabs discussing our expedi- tion to Siwa." "Your fault!" Merle's beautiful face, and eyes gray as a gull's wing, turned to him. "Why, you've simply slaved to get the caravan ready." Gunnar got to his feet and walked out to the verge of the headland on which they were camped. Tall, straight as a pine he stood. The cousins watched him; the girl with trouble and perplexity, the man more searchingly. His eyes, under straight up- per lids, flatly contradicted the rest of his appearance. He was very fat, with fair hair and smooth unlined face despite his forty years. A sort of Pickwickian good humor radiated from him. Dale Flem- ing's really great intellectual power showed only in those three-cornered heav- ily-lidded eyes of his. "Why did you give me away?" Merle demanded. His round moon face beamed on her. "Why bluff?" he responded. "Snooping about as usual. Why don't you go and be a real detective?" she re- torted crossly. He gave a comfortable chuckle, but his eves were sad. It was devilishly hard to W'atch her falling for this Icelander. Ever since his parents had adopted her--an orphan of six--she had come first in Dale's affections. His love was far from Platonic. Gunnar Sven was a fine crea- ture, but there was something wrong. Some mystery shadowed his life. What it was, Dale was determined to discover. "Truth will out, my child! The na- tives are in terror of him. You know it as well as I do! They're all against help- ing you and me because he's our friend." "Stop being an idiot. No one could be afraid of Gunnar. And he's particu- larly good with natives." "Yes. He handles them well. I've never seen a young 'un do it better." "Well, then?" "There's something queer about him. These Arabs know it. We know it. It s about two months now since he joined forces with us. Just after my mother de- camped and left us in Cairo. The cable summoning her home to Aunt Sue's death-bed arrived Wednesday, May 3rd. She sailed May 5 th. Gunnar Sven turned up May 6th." "All right. I'm not contradicting you. It's never any use." "You refused to wait for Mother's re- turn in Cairo, according to her schedule." "Well! Cairo! Everyone paints Cairo and the Nile. I wanted subjects that every five-cent tourist hadn't raved over." "You wanted Siwa Oasis. Of all God- forsaken dangerous filthy places! And in the summer-" "You know you're dying to see the oasis too," she accused. "Just trying to save your face as my guardian and protector. Hypocrite!" He roared with laughter. The Arab cook and several other servants stopped singing round their cooking-pots to grin at the infectious sound. "Touche! I'd sacrifice my flowing raven locks to go to Siwa. But"--his face grew surprizingly stern--"about Gunnar. Why