THE LAST PHARAOH 73 "Good! Now, first of all, tell me, is it true what I have heard Zola say--that you are a man of great wealth?" Instinctively I knew that the truthful answer of "no" would not only be harm- ful, but would discourage the Russian from further confidences. I must not re- linquish this unexpected hope. "I have money," I answered, feigning skepticism, "a great deal of it. But why speak of that now?" A smile of relief stole over the beard- ed features. "You wish to be free?" he asked. "I don't relish the idea of starving here." "Then listen," came the low voice. "I have been sent to return you to your former room. It is there that he intends you should stay. The great devil is mad- dened with joy at his new-found free- dom, and has actually become gracious. Oceans of his ancient wines have been brought from the cellars for his war- riors; two slaves have been given over to the tortures that make a gala holiday for the tribesmen. For once their vigilance is lax. It is at such a time that we must act. "Tonight I leave for Havana to take on another consignment of guns. It should be a simple matter for you to drop from the balcony and evade the night guards. They will be half drunk anyway, celebrating their master's release. Once free of the castle, you could easily follow the coast line for a mile to the south, eh?" "It should not be hard," I agreed. "It will not be hard. Nor is it difficult for me to have the yacht halted and a small boat rowed ashore to pick you up and bring you aboard. Yes, it could be done, and I might consider doing it, though my risk is a great one." "What do you wish in return?" I asked. "What is your freedom worth to you?" I could scarce suppress a smile. Even in the age-old pits of an Egyptian Pha- raoh, avarice and greed were prevalent. With an effort I looked into the watch- ing eyes of the expectant Russian. "I will pay you well, Captain Bara- koff." "You will pay me five thousand pounds and not a ruble less. The venture is worth twice the amount, but my kind heart ever goes out to the unfortunate. "Oh, the transaction is a simple one," he continued. "Once aboard the yacht you can wire your American bankers and have the amount waiting for us at Havana. None need ever know of our little business affair, and it will be easy for you to procure passage from the Cuban port to your own country. That is the price of your life and liberty, Mon- sieur Bryant. Do you agree?" "Agreed," I answered. The Russian bent forward, and with his ready key opened the lock that held me. "Be careful," he cautioned. "That damned Usanti is everywhere, and re- ports his hearings to the Pharaoh. "Station yourself at the window to- night, and shortly after nine, when you see the lighted yacht steam out and leave the harbor--act. A small boat will be waiting for you a mile up the beach. But come, already have we delayed too long. There must not be the slightest sus- picion to arouse their ever skeptical minds." We had started for the stairs, when I suddenly halted. "One moment. The plan for my es- cape is all well and good, but what of my companions?" My demand visibly annoyed the com- mander of the Star of Egypt. "Well, what of them?" "A great deal. We must arrange to