384 WEIRD TALES    shoes with most of us readers. We miss his Elder Gods, and how!" [Two fine new stories by H. P. Lovecraft, The Haunter of the Dark and The Thing on the Door-Step, are scheduled for early publication. -- The Editor.]   Pointed Paragraphs  Donald A. Wollheim, of New York City, writes: "Am always pleased to see Robert Bloch's stories. That young man has cer- tainly qualified himself for a permanent place on your list of outstanding authors. He carries on the Lovecraft tradition. And, by the way, where is the grand master HPL himself, these days?"  James P. Harrill, of Charlotte, North Carolina, writes: "I still enjoy reading your magazine as much as always and still want you to continue the nudes on the front of the magazine, although I am now a settled mar- ried man. Also I do not think that it hurts the prestige of your magazine to have an oc- casional detective or science-fiction story; in fact, I do not like the absolutely weird tales that have awesome sliminess oozing from the putrid bodies of something-or-other. Let's not make the stories too nasty; although I have as good a stomach as any man's, I do not like to read stories like that."  R. M. Tomlinson, of Ventura, California, writes: "In the June issue, I was much pleased with the drawing signed by H. S. DeLay, Don't know when I have seen such real skill in this sort of magazine."     Robert Bloch, of Milwaukee, writes: "Robert E. Howard's death is quite a shock --and a severe blow to WT. Despite my standing opinion on Conan, the fact always remains that Howard was one of WT's fin- est contributors, and his King Kull series were among the most outstanding works you ever printed."  Seabury Quinn writes from Brooklyn: "The field of fantastic fiction has lost one of its outstanding and recognized masters in Robert E. Howard. His Solomon Kane stories, his tales of Kull, and latterly his Conan sagas, all of them were superb in their own way. He was a quantity producer, but always managed to keep his stuff fresh and vigorous. There are few who can do this."  Jack Snow, of Dayton, Ohio, writes: "I have just finished reading the July Weird Tales and have laid it aside with mingled feelings. The story I liked best was Manly Wade Wellman's The Kelpie. It was an out and out weird tale, not an adventure or thrill story masking behind a weird jargon."   Most Popular Story  Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue? Write a letter, or fill out the coupon on this page, and send it to the Eyrie, Weird Tales. Your favorite stories in the July is- sue, as shown by your votes and letters, were the first part of the late Robert E. Howard's story, Red Nails, and Clark Ashton Smith's fantasy, Necromancy in Naat.      MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE OCTOBER WEIRD TALES ARE: Story Remarks (1) (2) (3) I do not like the following stories: (1) Why? (2) It will help us to know what kind of stories you want in WEIRD TALES if you will fill out this coupon and mail it to The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill. Reader's name and address: Fill out this coupon and mail it to The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill.    W. T.--8