INCENSE OF ABOMINATION 261 again, I say that this is sumpin more than mere coincidence, but th' same thing hap- pens there. Th' smell is strongest in th' bedroom, but there ain't any sign that he'd had company th' night before; so just ter make sure I takes th' casin's off th' pil- lows an' has th' boys at th' crime lab'ra- tory look at 'em. Divil a trace o' rouge or powder do they find. "Both these other fellies kilt their- selves at night or early in th' mornin', so, o' course, their beds wuz all unmade, but when we hustle over ter th' Kensington Apartments ter see about this Misther At- kins, 'tis just past three o'clock. Th' doc- tor says that he's been dead a hour or more; yet when I goes into his bedroom th' covers is pushed down, like he's been slapin' there an' got up in a hurry, an' th' perfume's strong enough ter knock ye down, a'most. Th' boys at th' crime lab say there's not a trace o' powder on th' linen, an' by th' time I gits th' pillows to 'em th' perfume's faded out." He looked at us with vaguely troubled eyes and ran his hand across his mouth. "'Tis meself that's goin' nuts about these suicides a-comin' one on top th' other, an' this perfume bobbin' up in every case!" he finished. De Grandin pursed his lips. "You would know this so strange scent if you encountered it again?" "Faith, sor, I'd know it in me slape!" "And you have never met with it be- fore?" "Indade an' I had not, nayther before nor since, savin' in th' imayjate prisence o' them three dead corpses." "One regrets it is so evanescent. Per- haps if I could smell it I might be able to identify it. I recall when I was serving with le sûreté we came upon a band of scoundrels making use of a strange Indian drug called by the Hindoos chhota maut, or little death. It was a subtle powder which made those inhaling it go mad, or fall into a coma simulating death if they inspired enough. Those naughty fellows mixed the drug with incense which they caused to be burned in their victims' rooms. Some went mad and some ap- peared to die. One of those who went insane committed suicide--" "Howly Mither, an' ye think we may be up against a gang like that, sor?" "One cannot say, mon vieux. Had I a chance to sniff this scent, perhaps I could have told you. Its odor is not one that is soon forgotten. As it is"--he raised his shoulders in a shrug--"what can one do?" "Will ye be afther holdin' yerself in readiness ter come a-runnin' if they's an- other o' these suicides, sor?" the big de- tective asked as he rose to say good-night. "I'd take it kindly if ye would." "You may count on me, my friend. A bientôt," the little Frenchman answered with a smile. THE storm had blown itself out earlier in the evening, but the streets were still bright with the filmy remnant of the sleety rain and the moon was awash in a breaking surf of wind-clouds. It was longer by the north road, but with the pavements slick as burnished glass I pre- ferred to take no chanccs and had throt- tled down my engine almost to a walking pace as we climbed the gradient leading to North Bridge. De Grandin sank his chin into the fur of his upturned coat collar and nodded sleepily. The party at the Merrivales had been not at all amus- ing, and we were due at City Hospital at seven in the morning. "Ah, bah," he murmured drowsily, "we were a pair of fools, my friend; we forgot a thing of great importance when we left the house tonight." "U'm?" I grunted. "What?" "To stay there," he returned. "Had we but the sense le bon Dieu gives an un-