214 WEIRD TALES great race. Tolkemec said they came from the east, long ago, from Old Kosala, when the ancestors of those who now dwell in Kosala came up from the south and drove forth the original inhabitants of the land. They wandered far westward and finally found this forest-girdled plain, inhabited then by a tribe of black people. "These they enslaved and set to build- ing a city. From the hills to the east they brought jade and marble and lapis lazuli, and gold, silver and copper. Herds of el- ephants provided them with ivory. When their city was completed, they slew all the black slaves. And their magicians made a terrible magic to guard the city; for by their necromantic arts they re-created the dragons which had once dwelt in this lost land, and whose monstrous bones they found in the forest. Those bones they clothed in flesh and life, and the living beasts walked the earth as they walked it when Time was young. But the wizards wove a spell that kept them in the forest and they came not into the plain. "So for many centuries the people of Xuchotl dwelt in their city, cultivat- ing the fertile plain, until their wise men learned how to grow fruit within the city --fruit which is not planted in soil, but obtains its nourishment out of the air-- and then they let the irrigation ditches run dry, and dwelt more and more in lux- urious sloth, until decay seized them. They were a dying race when our ancestors broke through the forest and came into the plain. Their wizards had died, and the people had forgot their ancient nec- romancy. They could fight neither by sor- cery nor the sword. "Well, our fathers slew the people of Xuchotl, all except a hundred which were given living into the hands of Tolkemec, who had been their slave; and for many days and nights the halls re-echoed to their screams under the agony of his tortures. "So the Tlazitlans dwelt here, for a while in peace, ruled by the brothers Te- cuhltli and Xotalanc, and by Tolkemec. Tolkemec took a girl of the tribe to wife, and because he had opened the gates, and because he knew many of the arts of the Xuchotlans, he shared the rule of the tribe with the brothers who had led the rebel- lion and the flight. "For a few years, then, they dwelt at peace within the city, doing little but eat- ing, drinking and making love, and raising children. There was no necessity to till the plain, for Tolkemec taught them how to cultivate the air-devouring fruits. Be- sides, the slaying of the Xuchotlans broke the spell that held the dragons in the for- est, and they came nightly and bellowed about the gates of the city. The plain ran red with the blood of their eternal war- fare, and it was then that-" He bit his tongue in the midst of the sentence, then presently continued, but Valeria and Conan felt that he had checked an admis- sion he had considered unwise. "Five years they dwelt in peace. Then" --Olmec's eyes rested briefly on the silent woman at his side--"Xotalanc took a wo- man to wife, a woman whom both Tecuhl- tli and old Tolkemec desired. In his mad- ness, Tecuhltli stole her from her hus- band. Aye, she went willingly enough. Tolkemec, to spite Xotalanc, aided Te- cuhltli. Xotalanc demanded that she be given back to him, and the council of the tribe decided that the matter should be left to the woman. She chose to remain with Tecuhltli. In wrath Xotalanc sought to take her back by force, and the retain- ers of the brothers came to blows in the Great Hall. "There was much bitterness. Blood was shed on both sides. The quarrel be- came a feud, the feud an open war. From the welter three factions emerged--Te- cuhltli, Xotalanc, and Tolkemec. Already, in the days of peace, they had divided the