568 WEIRD TALES    low, but rumors spread. It was guessed that Pedro's band had come from Mexico, lured by tales of mines and yellow metal. How long he would stay here none could say, but the gold was piling up daily in the chapel rooms. A few old natives had been detailed to tend it there, and they started the disturbing rumors of life within the walls.  The dark man, they said, was a shaman--a wizard. It was he who advised Pedro, the old natives whis- pered; and it was he who tended the torture vaults in the abandoned cellars below the former mission. Victims came from the mines; disobedient na- tives were taken here and "punished" before their reward of death.  But (so hinted the oldsters) they were "punished" as a wizard would chastize; they were sacrificed, and their bodies rended in terrible ways.  It was the dark man, too, that de- manded the virgin every moon. She was led into the cellars, the old In- dians averred, and given in sacrifice where none could see. The dark man and Black Pedro and the hound went down into those depths with her, and there would be the sound of chanting and praying, the screams of the girl mingled with the baying of that sable beast.  The old ones cautiously spoke of how the hound would re-emerge after this and slink off into outer dark- ness, but they said Pedro and the dark man remained below for several days. When the hound returned they ven- tured abroad once more, to hear tales of new atrocities committed without the mission walls.  Some of the tribe believed these old ones in their mutterings. Certainly they came to fear Black Pedro and his great dog increasingly as the      months went by. And the secret mes- sengers they had sent to the south gave no word.  But even the most credulous re- fused to believe the wilder stories of Pedro speaking to the dog, and the animal replying in human tongue. Nevertheless a growing panic mani- fested itself in tribal ranks. There was talk of fleeing, but this was im- possible. Uprising was out of the question; in truth, the men with the flame-rods were not over-cruel--it was Pedro, the dark man, and the strange beast that reveled in brutality.   PANIC increased the rumors so that Pedro and his hound became almost legendary figures of evil. The two were almost alike in their animal lusts; dreadful things were hinted as to the fate of the maiden taken each month--tales of bestial passion and the old shaman stories of the uses ac- corded virgin blood. These stories drew added color from the almost hu- man attributes displayed at times by the hound. If it could not talk to its master as the wildest stories reputed, it could at least understand human speech and make itself understood.  The Yaquis began to realize that on nights following the monthly cere- monies the great black hound prowled about their adobes; that it listened be- low windows and lurked amidst the shadows beyond their campfires.  For whenever there was midnight talk of rebellion and discontent Black Pedro knew of it, and summoned the speaker to the mission. Could it be that the beast actually reported these things? Or was it the wizardry of the strange dark man?  None knew the truth, but each passing day the shadow of Pedro and his hound loomed larger over all their