ISLE OF THE UNDEAD 261 WEIRD TALES    He gestured toward the galley. "It looks quite life-like, don't you think so?"  "Life-like?" Cliff spoke between his teeth as he again faced the black ship. "It looks dead to me!"  The galley had almost reached them now, veering sharply to draw up beside the Ariel. The drum quieted, and the oars trailed in the water, motionless ex- cept for the swaying imparted by the waves. A musty, age-old odor filtered through the air like a breath from a grave. The music and dancing had stopped. A fear-filled hush shrouded the yacht.  Vilma drew Cliffs arm about her shoulder. He glanced back at the motion- less captain.  "Do something, Corio!" he rasped. "Don't stand there like a dummy!"  Corio nodded with his same queer smile. His hand darted to an inside pocket; came out bearing a curious in- strument like four twisted cones of silver bound together with silver thongs. As he raised this to his mouth, his eyelids were slits behind which burned the embers of his eyes.  Out over the sea crept a single note, deep, hollow, laden with eery minor wait- ings--a sound that summoned impera- tively, yet a sound that repelled. It was a moan, hideous as the moan of a dying demon. It raked the heart with fear- tipped claws. It rose, and fell, and rose again, and as it died, it awakened the crew of the ancient galley to motion, sweeping them in a horde to the rail of the yacht  Cliff swung toward Corio in bursting fury, fury mingled with dread. His fist lashed out at that glittering silver instru- ment and the face behind it, but Corio avoided him like a wraith, still smiling fixedly, the horn again at his lips. Cliff cursed, and hurled himself through the air. One hand caught a bony shoulder;      he felt fingers like hooks close on his own throat. He wrenched free, landing a stunning blow on Corio's face--saw him reel and crash to the deck--and then he heard Vilma scream!  He whirled. She was struggling be- tween two of the flabby-faced things from the galley! In an instant he was upon them, his fist thudding against icy flesh, burying itself in something horribly soft and yielding. Startled, Cliff swung a sec- ond blow; and an arm, tomb-cold and strong as the tentacle of an octopus, wrapped itself around him--a vise of thin-covered bone! A dead, drowned face peered over his shoulder, staring blankly. Other arms seized his legs, and though he struggled and writhed with the strength of a mounting fear, he was borne to the rail. Over they went, and dropped to the rotting deck of the galley.  A numbness was creeping through him like a contagion, spreading from those crushing hands of ice. His struggles ceased. With eyes that turned stiffly in their sockets he looked for Vilma, saw her raised high above the heads of two other pallid creatures, saw them climb over the rail. Then the blackness of a dank and musty cabin enveloped him; and he was dropped with jarring force. His captors bulked black against the moonlit doorway, treading soundlessly, and were gone.  Cliff lay in rigid paralysis, every sense keenly alive, his mind striving to clutch a single spar of reason in this chaotic whirlpool of the incredible. This couldn't be! Soon he'd awaken to laugh at his ab- surd nightmare. . . . Yet it seemed hor- ribly real. . . . It was real!  From the Ariel boiled a fearful bed- lam. Screams of terror. Curses. Then other shadows loomed in the doorway, and Vilma, motionless and rigid, was dropped brutally beside him on the spongy floor.