THE HOUNDS OF TINDALOS 115 Asia, and the Neandertalers with lowered heads and bent knees ranging obscenely across Europe. I watch the Achæans streaming into the Greek islands, and the crude beginnings of Hellenic culture. I am in Athens and Pericles is young. I am standing on the soil of Italy. I assist in the rape of the Sabines; I march with the Imperial Legions. I tremble with awe and wonder as the enormous standards go by and the ground shakes with the tread of the victorious hastati. A thousand naked slaves grovel before me as I pass in a litter of gold and ivory drawn by night-black oxen from Thebes, and the flower-girls scream 'Ave Cœsar' as I nod and smile. I am myself a slave on a Moorish galley. I watch the erection of a great cathedral. Stone by stone it rises, and through months and years I stand and watch each stone as it fails into place. I am burned on a cross head downward in the thyme-scented gardens of Nero, and I watch with amusement and scorn the torturers at work in the chambers of the Inquisition. "I walk in the holiest sanctuaries; I enter the temples of Venus. I kneel in adoration before the Magna Mater, and I throw coins on the bare knees of the sacred courtezans who sit with veiled faces in the groves of Babylon. I creep into an Elizabethan theater and with the stinking rabble about me I applaud The Merchant of Venice. I walk with Dante through the narrow streets of Florence. I meet the young Beatrice, and the hem of her garmet brushes my sandals as I stare enraptured. I am a priest of Isis, and my magic astounds the nations. Simon Magus kneels before me, implor- ing my assistance, and Pharaoh trembles when I approach. In India I talk with the Masters and run, screaming from their presence, for their revelations are as salt on wounds that bleed. "I perceive everything simultaneously. I perceive everything from all sides; I am a part of all the teeming billions about me. I exist in all men and all men exist in me. I perceive the whole of human history in a single instant, the past and the present. "By simply straining I can see farther and farther back. Now I am going back through strange curves and angles. An- gles and curves multiply about me. I per- ceive great segments of time through curves. There is curved time, and angu- lar time. The beings that exist in angular time cannot enter curved time. It is very strange. "I am going back and back. Man has disappeared from the earth. Gigantic reptiles crouch beneath enormous palms and swim through the loathly black wat- ers of dismal lakes. Now the reptiles have disappeared. No animals remain upon the land, but beneath the waters, plainly visible to me, dark forms move slowly over the rotting vegetation. "The forms are becoming simpler and simpler. Now they are single cells. All about me there are angles--strange an- gles that have no counterparts on the earth. I am desperately afraid. "There is an abyss of being which man has never fathomed." I stared. Chalmers had risen to his feet and he was gesticulating helplessly with his arms. "I am passing through un- earthly angles; I am approaching--oh, the burning horror of it!" "Chalmers!" I cried. "Do you wish me to interfere?" He brought his right hand quickly be- fore his face, as though to shut out a vision unspeakable. "Not yet!" he cried; "I will go on. I will see--what--lies-- beyond--" A cold sweat streamed from his fore- head and his shoulders jerked spasmod- ically. "Beyond life there are"--his facc grew ashen with terror--"things that I