THE TREE OF LIFE 323    shrilled a little, and the boldest among his watchers ran almost at his elbow, twittering their queer, broken speech in hushed syllables whose familiarity still bothered him with its haunting echo of words he knew. When he had reached the center of the hollow he became aware that the little folk had spread out in a ring to surround him. Wherever he looked their small, anxious faces and staring eyes confronted him. He grinned to himself and came to a halt, waiting gravely.  None of them seemed quite brave enough to constitute himself spokesman, but among several a hurried whispering broke out in which he caught the words "Thag" and "danger" and "beware." He recognized the meaning of these words without placing in his mind their origins in some tongue he knew. He knit his sun-bleached brows and concentrated harder, striving to wrest from that curi- ous, murmuring whisper some hint of its original root. He had a smattering of more tongues than he could have counted offhand, and it was hard to place these scattered words among any one speech.  But the word "Thag" had a sound like that of the very ancient dryland tongue, which upon Mars is considered at once the oldest and the most uncouth of all the planet's languages. And with that clue to guide him he presently began to catch other syllables which were remotely like syllables from the dryland speech. They were almost unrecognizable, far, far more ancient than the very oldest versions of the tongue he had ever heard repeated, almost primitive in their crudity and sim- plicity. And for a moment the sheerest awe came over him, as he realized the significance of what he listened to.   THE dryland race today is a handful of semi-brutes, degenerate from the ages of past time when they were a      mighty people at the apex of an almost forgotten glory. That day is millions of years gone now, too far in the past to have record save in the vaguest folklore. Yet here was a people who spoke the ru- diments of that race's tongue as it must have been spoken in the race's dim be- ginnings, perhaps a million years earlier even that that immemorial time of their triumph. The reeling of millenniums set Smith's mind awhirl with the effort at compassing their span.  There was another connotation in the speaking of that tongue by these timid bush-dwellers, too. It must mean that the forgotten wizard king, Illar, had peopled his sinister, twilight land with the ances- tors of today's dryland dwellers. If they shared the same tongue they must share the same lineage. And humanity's re- morseless adaptability had done the rest.  It had been no kinder here than in the outside world, where the ancient plains- men who had roamed Mars' green prai- ries had dwindled with their dying plains, degenerating at last into a shrunken, leather-skinned bestiality. For here that same race root had declined into these tiny, slinking creatures with their dusky skins and great, staring eyes and their voices that never rose above a whisper. What tragedies must lie behind that grad- ual degeneration!  All about him the whispers still ran. He was beginning to suspect that through countless ages of hiding and murmuring those voices must have lost the ability to speak aloud. And he wondered with a little inward chill what terror it was which had transformed a free and fear- less people into these tiny wild things whispering in the underbrush.  The little anxious voices had shrilled into vehemence now, all of them chat- tering together in their queer, soft, rust- ling whispers. Looking back later upon that timeless space he had passed in the