622 WEIRD TALES    mural painting whose lines and colors were beyond description. The cases were of a strange golden wood, with fronts of exquisite glass, and containing the mummified forms of creatures out- reaching in grotesqueness the most cha- otic dreams of man.  To convey any idea of these mon- strosities is impossible. They were of the reptile kind, with body lines sug- gesting sometimes the crocodile, some- times the seal, but more often nothing of which either the naturalist or the paleontologist ever heard. In size they approximated a small man, and their forelegs bore delicate and evidently flexible feet curiously like human hands and fingers. But strangest of all were their heads, which presented a contour violating all known biological prin- ciples. To nothing can such things be well compared--in one flash I thought of comparisons as varied as the cat, the bulldog, the mythic satyr, and the human being. Not Jove himself had had so colossal and protuberant a forehead; yet the horns and the nose- lessness and the alligator-like jaw placed the things outside all established categories. I debated for a time on the reality of the mummies, half suspecting they were artificial idols; but soon de- cided they were indeed some paleogean species which had lived when the name- less city was alive. To crown their gro- tesqueness, most of them were gor- geously enrobed in the costliest of fab- rics, and lavishly laden with ornaments of gold, jewels, and unknown shining metals.  The importance of these crawling creatures must have been vast, for they held first place among the wild designs on the frescoed walls and ceiling. With matchless skill had the artist drawn them in a world of their own, wherein they had cities and gardens fashioned      to suit their dimensions; and I could not help but think that their pictured history was allegorical, perhaps show- ing the progress of the race that wor- shipped them. These creatures, I said to myself, were to the men of the name- less city what the she-wolf was to Rome, or some totem-beast is to a tribe of Indians.  Holding this view, I thought I could trace roughly a wonderful epic of the nameless city; the tale of a mighty sea- coast metropolis that ruled the world before Africa rose out of the waves, and of its struggles as the sea shrank away, and the desert crept into the fer- tile valley that held it. I saw its wars and triumphs, its troubles and defeats, and afterward its terrible fight against the desert when thousands of its people here represented in allegory by the gro- tesque reptiles were driven to chisel their way down through the rocks in some marvelous manner to another world whereof their prophets had told them. It was all vividly weird and real- istic, and its connection with the awe- some descent I had made was unmis- takable. I even recognized the pas- sages.   AS I crept along the corridor toward the brighter light I saw later stages of the painted epic--the leave-taking of the race that had dwelt in the name- less city and the valley around for ten million years; the race whose souls shrank from quitting scenes their bodies had known so long where they had set- tled as nomads in the earth's youth, hewing in the virgin rock those primal shrines at which they had never ceased to worship. Now that the light was better I studied the pictures more closely and, remembering that the strange reptiles must represent the un- known men, pondered upon the cus-