COMING NEXT MONTH THE GREAT CHAPEL, circular in shape, had walls that rose curving, darkly luminous, satin-smooth as the petals of a vast black tulip, to meet a vaulted roof--their polished surface broken by squat archways behind which darkness lay like a crouching beast of prey. Above the huge slab of the altar-stone was a reredos of red alabaster, a screen some thirty feet by ten. It was powerfully illumined from behind, so that its carving stood out in bold relief and a trick in the lighting gave a sinister effect of constant movement. This screen was a vivid presentment of a human sacrifice. Bound on the stone altar, a woman appeared to writhe and quiver. Her long bright hair rippled down to a deep trough about the altar-base. About the altar stood tall candles whose flames danced in frenzy. And behind the candles' flare and flicker, at each of the four corners of the altar, a veiled figure towered. Menacing, gigantic, these figures were the only immovable objects on the screen, and they achieved by their fateful stillness--in contrast with the surge and movement of all else in the picture--an effect of final inescapable doom. Dark crescent moons poised above each veiled head of these four attendant genii, bearing Hebrew characters which read-- EARTH. WINTER. NIGHT. DEATH. And now Sant saw the black-clad figure--the body of Stephen Lynn, torn and wrenched, trembling from head to foot in diabolic ecstasy, arms flung wide, head bent backward so that light from the suspended globe beat full and fiercely down upon the upturned face. Louder--louder rang the great triumphant organ voice, pealing out into the unclean silence of the chapel's gloom, beating against the curved and shining walls which sent back clashing paeans of tremendous harmony. . . . You cannot afford to miss this strange and powerful tale of possession and dual person- ality, by the author of Thing of Darkness. This fascinating novelette will be published com- plete in the December issue of Weird Tales: THE SIN-EATER By G. G. Petidarves --Also-- MORE LIVES THAN ONE By Seabuey Quinn An unusual weird story that skips through the ages and ends at last in present-day New York--a romantic and fascinating nov- elette. BEETLES By Robert Bloch A tale of the ghastly fate that befell an archeologist who had stolen an Egyptian mummy protected by the sacred Scarab. THE SNOWMAN By Loretta Burrough Her first husband lay at the bottom of a deep crevasse in a Swiss glacier--but why should a snow image in his likeness strike her with such eery terror? December Issue Weird Tales . . . . Out November 1