DOOM OF THE HOUSE OF DURYEA 307    moistened his lips, for their dryness might crack them. "The--legend?"  He said the word in a curious hush of awed softness, as he had heard his Aunt Cecilia say it many times before.  "That awful legend that you--"  "That I eat my children?"  "Oh, God, Father!" Arthur went to his knees as a cry burst through his lips. "Dad, that--that's ghastly! We must forget Cecilia's ravings."  "You are affected, then?" asked Doctor Duryea bitterly.  "Affected? Certainly I'm affected, but only as I should be at such an accusa- tion. Cecilia was mad, I tell you. Those books she showed me years ago, and those folk-tales of vampires and ghouls-- they burned into my infantile mind like acid. They haunted me day and night in my youth, and caused me to hate you worse than death itself.  "But in Heaven's name, Father, I've outgrown those things as I have out- grown my clothes. I'm a man now; do you understand that? A man, with a man's sense of logic."   "Yes, I understand." Henry Duryea threw his cigar into the fireplace, and placed a hand on his son's shoulder.  "We shall forget Cecilia," he said. "As I told you in my letter, I have rented a lodge in Maine where we can go to be alone for the rest of the summer. We'll get in some fishing and hiking and per- haps some hunting. But first, Arthur, I must be sure in my own mind that you are sure in yours. I must be sure you won't bar your door against me at night, and sleep with a loaded revolver at your elbow. I must be sure that you're not afraid of going up there alone with me, and dying--"  His voice ended abruptly, as if an age- long dread had taken hold of it. His son's face was waxen, with sweat stand- ing out like pearls on his brow. He said      nothing, but his eyes were filled with questions which his lips could not put into words. His own hand touched his father's, and tightened over it.  Henry Duryea drew his hand away.  "I'm sorry," he said, and his eyes looked straight over Arthur's lowered head. "This thing must be thrashed out now. I believe you when you say that you discredit Cecilia's stories, but for a sake greater than sanity I must tell you the truth behind the legend--and believe me, Arthur; there is a truth!"   HE CLIMBED to his feet and walked to the window which looked out over the street below. For a moment he gazed into space, silent. Then he turned and looked down at his son.  "You have heard only your aunt's ver- sion of the legend, Arthur. Doubtless it was warped into a thing far more hideous than it actually was--if that is possible! Doubtless she spoke to you of the Inquis- itorial stake in Carcassonne where one of my ancestors perished. Also she may have mentioned that book, Vampyrs, which a former Duryea is supposed to have written. Then certainly she told you about your two younger brothers-- my own poor, motherless children-- who were sucked bloodless in their cradles. . . ."  Arthur Duryea passed a hand across his aching eyes. Those words, so often repeated by that witch of an aunt, stirred up the same visions which had made his childhood nights sleepless with terror. He could hardly bear to hear them again --and from the very man to whom they were accredited.  "Listen, Arthur," the elder Duryea went on quickly, his voice low with the pain it gave him. "You must know that true basis to your aunt's hatred. You must know of that curse--that curse of vampirism which is supposed to have fol-