THE TREE OF LIFE 319    one world into another. Stupidly Smith stared at the spot from which she had disappeared.  Then several things happened almost simultaneously. The zoom of a plane broke suddenly into the quiet, a black shadow dipped low over the rooftops, and Smith, too late, realized that he stood defenseless in full view of the searching ships. There was only one way out, and that was too fantastic to put faith in, but he had no time to hesitate. With one leap he plunged full into the midst of the shadow of the tree of life.  Its tracery flowed round him, molding its pattern to his body. And outside the boundaries everything executed a queer little sidewise dip and slipped in the most extraordinary manner, like an optical il- lusion, into quite another scene. There was no intervention of blankness. It was as if he looked through the bars of a grille upon a picture which without warn- ing slipped sidewise, while between the bars appeared another scene, a curious, dim landscape, gray as if with the twi- light of early evening. The air had an oddly thickened look, through which he saw the quiet trees and the flower- spangled grass of the place with a queer, unreal blending, like the landscape in a tapestry, all its outlines blurred.  In the midst of this tapestried twilight the burning whiteness of the girl he had followed blazed like a flame. She had paused a few steps away and stood wait- ing, apparently quite sure that he would come after. He grinned a little to him- self as he realized it, knowing that curi- osity must almost certainly have driven him in her wake even if the necessity for shelter had not compelled his following.  She was clearly visible now, in this thickened dimness--visible, and very lovely, and a little unreal. She shone with a burning clarity, the only vivid thing in the whole twilit world. Eyes      upon that blazing whiteness, Smith stepped forward, scarcely realizing that he had moved.  Slowly he crossed the dark grass toward her. That grass was soft under- foot, and thick with small, low-blooming flowers of a shining pallor. Botticelli painted such spangled swards for the feet of his angels. Upon it the girl's bare feet gleamed whiter than the blossoms. She wore no garment but the royal mantle of her hair, sweeping about her in a cloak of shining darkness that had a queer, unreal tinge of purple in that low light. It brushed her ankles in its fabu- lous length. From the hood of it she watched Smith coming toward her, a smile on her pale mouth and a light blazing in the deeps of her moonstone eyes. She was not blind now, nor fright- ened. She stretched out her hand to him confidently.  "It is my turn now to lead you," she smiled. As before, the words were gibberish, but the penetrating stare of those strange white eyes gave them a meaning in the depths of his brain.  Automatically his hand went out to hers. He was a little dazed, and her eyes were very compelling. Her fingers twined in his and she set off over the flowery grass, pulling him beside her. He did not ask where they were going. Lost in the dreamy spell of the still, gray, en- chanted place, he felt no need for words. He was beginning to see more clearly in the odd, blurring twilight that ran the outlines of things together in that queer, tapestried manner. And he puzzled in a futile, muddled way as he went on over what sort of land he had come into. Overhead was darkness, paling into twi- light near the ground, so that when he looked up he was staring into bottomless deeps of starless night.  Trees and flowering shrubs and the flower-starred grass stretched emptily