  THE BLACK DRAMA 57    tart. I thought of Judge Pursuivant's healthy appetite as I ate.  After the coffee, Varduk nodded to the old man who served as caretaker, cook and waiter, as in dismissal. Then the producer's hazel eyes turned to Sigrid, who took her cue and rose. We did like- wise.  "Shall we go down to the stage?" Var- duk said to us. "It's time for our first effort with Ruthven."   7. Rehearsal   WE WENT down a back stairway that brought us to the empty stage. A light was already burning, and I remem- ber well that my first impression was of the stage's narrowness and considerable depth. Its back was of plaster over the outer timbers, but at either side partitions of paneling had been erected to enclose the cell-like dressing-rooms. One of the doors bore a star of white paint, evidently for Sigrid. Against the back wall leaned several open frames of wood, with rolls of canvas lying ready to be tacked on and painted into scenery.  Varduk had led the way down the stairs, and at the foot he paused to call upward to Davidson, who remained at the rear of the procession. "Fetch some chairs," he ordered, and the tall subordi- nate paused to gather them. He carried down six at once, his long strong arms threaded through their open backs. Var- duk showed him with silent gestures where to arrange them, and himself led Sigrid to the midmost of them, upstage center.  "Sit down, all," he said to the rest of us. "Curtain, Davidson." He waited while the heavy pall rolled ponderously upward against the top of the arch. "Have you got your scripts, ladies and gentlemen?"  We all had, but his hands were empty.      I started to offer him my copy, but he waved it away with thanks. "I know the thing by heart," he informed me, though with no air of boasting. Remaining still upon his feet, he looked around our seated array, capturing every eye and at- tention.  "The first part of Ruthven is, as we know already, in iambic pentameter--the 'heroic verse' that was customary and even expected in dramas of Byron's day. However, he employs here his usual trick of breaking the earlier lines up into short, situation-building speeches. No long and involved declamations, as in so many creaky tragedies of his fellows. He wrote the same sort of opening scenes for his plays the world has already seen per- formed--Werner, The Two Foscari, Ma- rino Faliero and The Deformed Trans- formed."  Martha Vining cleared her throat. "Doesn't Manfred begin with a long, measured soliloquy by the central char- acter?"  "It does," nodded Varduk. "I am gratified, Miss Vining, to observe that you have been studying something of Byron's work." He paused, and she bri- dled in satisfaction. "However," he con- tinued, somewhat maliciously, "you would be well advised to study farther, and learn that Byron stated definitely that Manfred was not written for the theater. But, re- turning to Ruthven, with which work we are primarily concerned, the short, lively exchanges at the beginning are Aubrey's and Malvina's." He quoted from memory. "'Scene, Malvina's garden. Time, late afternoon--Aubrey, sitting at Malvina's feet, tells his adventures.' Very good, Mr. Connatt, take your place at Miss Holgar's feet."  I did so, and she smiled in comradely fashion while waiting for the others to drag their chairs away. Glancing at our scripts, we began:    