   A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 32 Contents for July, 1938 Number 1      Cover Design Virgil Finlay   Illustrating a scene in "Spawn of Dagon"   The Weird Sisters from Shakespeare's "Macbeth" opposite this page   Pictorial interpretation from, drawn by Virgil Finlay   Spawn of Dagon Henry Kuttner 2   A weird story of Elak of Atlantis, and the worship of the fish-god   Fortune's Fools Seabury Quinn 14   A thrill-tale of the Dark Ages, about wolves that were men, and men that were wolves   Dust in the House David H. Keller 36   A shuddery story about the skeletons that sat across the table from each other   The Defense Rests Julius Long 45   An eery tale of a heartless lawyer, who nevertheless wanted to aquit his own murderer   The Messenger H. P. Lovecraft 52   Verse   The Black Drama (part 2) Gans T. Field 53   An eldritch tale about the eery personality that was called Varduk--a story about Lord Byron   He That Hath Wings Edmond Hamilton 70   The story of a modern Icarus, who tasted the freedom of the sky   Microcosms Edgar Daniel Kramer 85   Verse   Mother of Toads Clark Ashton Smith 86   Weird and powerful was the effect of the old woman's potion on the young apprentice   Escape Paul Ernst 91   A brief tale about the escape of a madman   Return to the Sabbath Robert Bloch 95   A story of Hollywood--and the gruesome things that emerged from the burial crypt   Ships Robert E. Howard 104   Verse   Weird Story Reprint:   Saladin's Throne-Rug E. Hoffmann Price 105   A popular story from an old issue of WEIRD TALES   The Eyrie 122   The readers of WEIRD TALES express their opinions     Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada, $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission of the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1938, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITIAN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH  W. T.--1  1  