BEYOND THE WALL OF SLEEP 335 nucleus of something beyond my com- prehension; something infinitely beyond the comprehension of my more experi- enced but less imaginative medical and scientific colleagues. And yet I could extract nothing definite from the man. The sum of all my in- vestigation was, that in a kind of semi- corporeal dream-life Slater wandered or floated through resplendent and pro- digious valleys, meadows, gardens, cities, and palaces of light, in a region unbound- ed and unknown to man; that there he was no peasant or degenerate, but a crea- ture of importance and vivid life, moving proudly and dominantly, and checked only by a certain deadly enemy, who seemed to be a being of visible yet ethereal structure, and who did not ap- pear to be of human shape, since Slater never referred to it as a man, or as aught save a thing. This thing had done Slater some hideous but unnamed wrong, which the maniac (if maniac he were) yearned to avenge. From the manner in which Slater al- luded to their dealings, I judged that he and the luminous thing had met on equal terms; that in his dream existence the man was himself a luminous thing of the same race as his enemy. This impression was sustained by his frequent references to flying through space and burning all that impeded his progress. Yet these con- ceptions were formulated in rustic words wholly inadequate to convey them, a cir- cumstance which drove me to the con- clusion that if a true dream world indeed existed, oral language was not its medium for the transmission of thought. Could it be that the dream soul inhabiting this inferior body was desperately struggling to speak things which the simple and halting tongue of dullness could not ut- ter? Could it be that I was face to face with intellectual emanations which would explain the mystery if I could but learn to discover and read them? I did not tell the older physicians of these things, for middle age is skeptical, cynical, and dis- inclined to accept new ideas. Besides, the head of the institution had but lately warned me in his paternal way that I was overworking; that my mind needed a rest. It had long been my belief that human thought consists basically of atomic or molecular motion, convertible into ether waves of radiant energy like heat, light and electricity. This belief had early led me to contemplate the possibility of telep- athy or mental communication by means of suitable apparatus, and I had in my college days prepared a set of transmitting and receiving instruments somewhat simi- lar to the cumbrous devices employed in wireless telegraphy at that crude, pre- radio period. These I had tested with a fellow-student, but achieving no result, had soon packed them away with other scientific odds and ends for possible fu- ture use. Now, in my intense desire to probe in- to the dream-life of Joe Slater, I sought these instruments again, and spent sev- eral days in repairing them for action. When they were complete once more I missed no opportunity for their trial. At each outburst of Slater's violence, I would fit the transmitter to his forehead and the receiver to my own, constantly making delicate adjustments for various hypo- thetical wave-lengths of intellectual en- ergy. I had but little notion of how the thought-impressions would, if successfully conveyed, arouse an intelligent response in my brain, but I felt certain that I could detect and interpret them. Accordingly I continued my experiments, though in- forming no one of their nature. IT was on the twenty-first of February, 1901, that the thing occurred. As I look back across the years I realize how unreal it seems, and sometimes half won-