WEIRD TALES 379 Finlay's full page is much more to my taste this time. The spires and skyline look so other worldish. Well, guess I'll wait for another installment of The Hairy Ones Shall Dance before I comment--somehow that Devil's Croft is enticing. Raggh--woof-- grrr--I like so very much this Toean Mat- jan, but I cannot pronounce such words sat- isfactorily. And so I am riled, in spite of a cat tale--and such a pretty white cat! I have often wondered if a tiger would make a good pet. And so the verrüchter Austrian is now a block of ice in the black vastnesses of the void--and thus ends his The Voyage of the Neutralia. I found the closing install- ment rather flat, except for the Venusian centipedes and volcano. Doctor Keller turned out a nice one with his Valley of Bones-- such, I believe, is entirely possible in this strange land of Africa. I was pleased to see your reprint of Ethan Brand--I have read it so many times along with others of Haw- thorne's tales." Both Lusty and Devout Manly Wade Wellman writes from New York City: "Let me vote for Quinn's Roads as the most impressive thing in the January WT. It gives me to think thus: does not the world of fantasy hold its good powers as well as evil, its saints and angels as well as its fiends and devils? Roads was both lusty and devout, as a good Christmas tale should be." Finlay Frontispiece Robert A. Madle writes from Philadel- phia: "Thanks exceedingly for inaugurating the new frontispiece department. Both pic- turizations which have appeared have been supreme. Virgil Finlay is unquestionably the modern master of weird art, as H. P. Love- craft was the unquestioned master of weird fiction. Continue this department, and have Finlay illustrate the entire interior of the magazine hereafter. His covers are also superb, but do not neglect Brundage entire- ly. She is one of the best artists of the decade." Reprints N. J. O'Neail writes from Toronto his selection of the fifteen best stories in WEIRD TALES for 1937, and comments: "You may notice that five on my list--one third of the BACK COPIES Because of the many requests for back issues of WEIRD TALES, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. .... Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. .... May May May May .... June June June June .... July July July July .... .... .... .... Aug. .... Sept. Sept. Sept. Sept. .... Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. .... Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. .... These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.