THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 149 "No!" rasped the inspector. "You can't help her by simply getting yourself captured!" "I can at least go with her!" Ennis ex- claimed. "Let me go!" Inspector Campbell's iron grip held him. "Wait, Ennis!" said the detective. "You've no chance that way. That robe of Chandra Dass' you're wearing has a double-star badge like those of the men up there on the dais. That means that as Chandra Dass you're entitled to be up there with them. Go up there and take your place as though you were Chandra Dass--with the hood on, they can't tell the difference. I'll slip around to that side door out of which they brought the prisoners. It must connect with the tun- nels, and it's not far from the dais. When I fire my pistol from there, you grab your wife and try to get to that door with her. If you can do it, we'll have a chance to get up through the tunnels and escape." Ennis wrung the inspector's hand. Then, without further reply, he walked boldly with measured steps up the main aisle of the cavern, through the gray ranks to the dais. He stepped up onto it, his heart racing. The chief priest, he of the triple-star, gave him only a glance, as of annoyance at his lateness. Ennis saw Campbell's gray figure slipping round to the side door. The gray-hooded hundreds before him had paid no attention to either of them. Their attention was utterly, eagerly, fixed upon the stiff-moving prisoners now be- ing marched up onto die dais. Ennis saw Ruth pass him, her white face an un- familiar, staring mask. The prisoners were ranged at the back of die dais, just beneath the great, gleam- ing black oval facet. The guards stepped back from them, and they remained standing stiffly there. Ennis edged a little toward Ruth, who stood at the end of that line of stiff figures. As he moved imperceptibly closer to her, he saw the two priests beside the gray mechanism reaching toward knurled knobs of ebonite affixed to its side, beneath the spherical web of pulsing wires. The chief priest, at the front of the dais, raised his hands. His voice rolled out, heavy, commanding, reverberating again through all the cavern. 5. The Door Opens here leads the Door?" rolled the chief priest's voice. Back up to him came the reply of hun- dreds of voices, muffled by the hoods but loud, echoing to die roof of the cavern in a thunderous response. "It leads outside our world!" The chief priest waited until the echoes died before his deep voice rolled on in die ritual. "Who taught our forefathers to open the Door?" Ennis, edging desperately closer and closer to the line of victims, felt the mighty response reverberate about him. "They Beyond the Door taught them!" Now Ennis was apart from the odier priests on the dais, within a few yards of the captives, of the small figure of Ruth. "To whom do we bring these sacri- fices?" As the high priest uttered the words, and before the booming answer came, a hand grasped Ennis and pulled him back from the line of victims. He spun round to find that it was one of the other priests who had jerked him back. "We bring them to Those Beyond the Door!" As the colossal response thundered, the priest who had jerked Ennis back whis- pered urgently to him. "You go too close to the victims, Chandra Dass! Do you wish to be taken with them?" The fellow had a tight grip on Ennis'