THE DIARY OF ALONZO TYPER 157 avoid hallucinations of changing expres- sion. But that to which I turned was even worse. The long, dour face, small, close- ly set eyes and swine-like features iden- tified it at once, even though the artist had striven to make the snout look as human as possible. This was what V-- had whispered about. As I stared in horror, I thought the eyes took on a reddish glow, and for a moment the background seemed replaced by an alien and seemingly irrelevant scene--a lone, bleak moor beneath a dirty yellow sky, whereon grew a wretched-looking blackthorn bush. Fearing for my sanity, I rushed from that accursed gallery to the dust-cleared corner upstairs where I have my "camp." Later DECIDED to explore some of the laby- rinthine wings of the house by day- light. I cannot get lost, for my foot- prints are distinct in the ankle-deep dust, and I can trace other identifying marks when necessary. It is curious how easily I learn the intricate windings of the cor- ridors. Followed a long, outflung north- erly "ell" to its extremity, and came to a locked door, which I forced. Beyond was a very small room quite crowded with furniture, and with the paneling badly worm-eaten. On the outer wall I spied a black space behind the rotting woodwork, and discovered a narrow secret passage leading downward to un- known inky depths. It was a steeply in- clined chute or tunnel without steps or hand-holds, and I wondered what its use could have been. Above the fireplace was a moldy paint- ing, which I found on close inspection to be that of a young woman in the dress of the late Eighteenth Century. The face is of classic beauty, yet with the most fiendishly evil expression which I have ever known the human countenance to bear. Not merely callousness, greed, and cruelty, but some quality hideous beyond human comprehension seems to sit upon those finely carved features. And as I looked it seemed to me that the artist-- or the slow processes of mold and decay --had imparted to that pallid complexion a sickly greenish cast, and the least sug- gestion of an almost imperceptibly scaly texture. Later I ascended to the attic, where I found several chests of strange books--many of utterly alien aspects in letters and in physical form alike. One contained variants of the Aklo formulas which I had never known to exist. I have not yet examined the books on the dusty shelves downstairs. April 19 There are certainly unseen presences here, even though the dust bears no footprints but my own. Cut a path through the briars yesterday to the park gate where my supplies are left, but this morning I found it closed. Very odd, since the bushes are barely stirring with spring sap. Again I have that feeling of something at hand so colossal that the chambers can scarcely contain it. This time I feel that more than one of the presences is of such a size, and I know now that the third Aklo ritual--which I found in that book in the attic yesterday --would make such beings solid and vis- ible. Whether I shall dare to try this materialization remains to be seen. The perils are great. Last night I began to glimpse evanes- cent shadow-faces and forms in the dim corners of the halls and chambers--faces and forms so hideous and loathsome that I dare not describe them. They seem al- lied in substance to that titanic paw which tried to push me down the stairs night