THE OPENER OF THE WAY 283    coupled with a gust of ghoulish stench, made Peter reel with uncontrollable nau- sea. He had turned hastily away, but not before his eyes were assailed by the sight of Sir Ronald Barton crouching obscenely over the jackals, his face and body nearly obscured by a swarm of circling bats. On his face there was a hideous smile, and with his knife he was digging chunks of raw flesh from the carcasses beneath him--chunks of raw flesh which he held in outstretched hands, feeding the scavenger bats as they flew. And when he bent and nuzzled at one of the bodies with his own teeth, Peter ran sob- bing to his tent, only to spend the rest of the night in torment-torpid dreams. The next morning he noticed that his father's lips were unnaturally red. . . .   2   That day they had descended to the outer door. Neither Peter nor his father spoke of what had occurred the previous night, and the men ascribed their sleep to the spirits alone. Evidently Sir Ronald had disposed of the fleshy remnants and bones of his victims before retiring; for there was now nought vis- ible around the stones of the opening. And the terrible clinging odor of decay might very well be ascribed to the noisome emanations of the pit below.  By this time Peter, whose nerves were near the breaking-point, was too much afraid of his father to demur when ordered to descend to the floor of the excavation. Undoubtedly the elder man was in the grip of a severe aberration, but Peter, who really loved his father, thought it advisable not to provoke him by refusing to obey. He did not like the idea of going down into that chasm, for the seeping smell was distressingly re- pulsive. But the stench below was a thousand times more bearable than the      sight of the dark door through which it had slithered.  This evidently was the door to the outer passageway that the manuscript had mentioned. All at once Peter knew what was meant by the allusion to the "seventh tongue in the seventh head," and wished that the meaning had re- mained for ever obscured from his brain. For the door was set with a silver symbol, framed in the familiar ideog- raphy of Egyptological lore. This cen- tral symbol consisted of the heads of the seven principal Egyptian gods--Osiris, Isis, Ra, Bast, Thoth, Set, and Anubis. But the horror lay in the fact that all seven heads protruded from a common body, and it was not the body of any god heretofore known in myth. It was not anthropomorphic, that figure; it held nothing that aped the human form. And Peter could recall no parallel in all the Egyptian cosmology or pantheon which could be remotely construed to resemble this utterly alien horror.  The quixotic abhorrency it induced cannot be ascribed to anything which may be put into words. The sight of it seemed to send little tentacles of terror through Peter's eyes; tiny tentacles that took root in his brain, to drain it dry of all feeling save frantic fear. Part of this may have been due to the fact that the body ap- peared to be constantly changing; melting, that is, from one indescribable shape to another. When viewed from a certain angle the form was that of a Medusa-like mass of serpents; a second gaze revealed thar the thing was a glisten- ing array of vampiric flowers, with gelid, protoplasmic petals that seemed to weave in blob-like thirst for blood. A third scrutiny made it appear that the formless mass was nothing but a chaotic jumble of silver skulls. At another time it seemed to hold a certain hidden pattern of the cosmos--stars and planets so com-