274 WEIRD TALES    the horn-note died, and he could feel more than hear the fumbling bass of the dirge from the depths below him.  He ran the rest of the distance along the passageway and mounted the steps two at a stride. He looked into the tor- ture hall. As on the previous night, Corio stood far back, close to the wall in which Cliff crouched. The arms of the Master were raised high; raised, Cliff knew though he could not hear it, in a blasphemous incantation. And then he saw something that sent a crimson lance of fury crashing through his brain.  Vilma, stripped like the rest, stood with the other victims at the foot of the long steps! Her body gleamed pinkly, in contrast to the pallid drabness of the half-dead automatons, and she held her head proudly erect. But from where he stood Cliff could see the side of her face, and it bore a look of terror.  He could see Corio's face, too, and he was looking at the girl, baffled fury glaring from his eyes--as though she were there against his will.  Cliff's first impulse was to fling him- self out there with his cutlas and hack a way to freedom for Vilma and himself, but cold reason checked this folly. Such a course could end only in death. Motion- less he watched the scene before him, his brain frantically seeking a plan with even a ghost of a chance of succeeding.  The gunpowder! There was enough of the stuff below to blast this entire castle into the hell where it belonged! Hastily he retraced his steps to the tunnel in which he had found the kegs, plucking the torch from its niche in the wall as he passed it. He held it high above his head as he examined the contents of the broken keg. Unmistakably gunpowder!  Thrusting the cutlas beneath his belt, he clutched a handful of the black dust. Then, crouching close to the floor, he drew an irregular thread through the      passageway toward the stairs. Once he returned for more powder, but in a few minutes the job was done. At the foot of the steps where the trail ended, he touched his torch to the black line and watched a hissing spark snake its white- smoked way back toward the powder kegs. An instant he watched it, then sprang up the stairs. He'd have to move fast!  With a hideous howl he darted into the hall, his cutlas above his head. Corio spun about--and it was his last living act. A single sweep of the great blade sheared his head from his neck, sent it rolling grotesquely along the floor. For three heart-beats the body stood with a foun- tain of blood spurting from severed arteries; then it crashed.  Coolly Cliff leaned over the twitching cadaver, ignoring the bedlam on the stairs, the horde sweeping down toward him, hurling aside the waiting humans. He pried open clutching fingers, seized a twisted silver instrument, and raised it to his lips.   THE mass of undead were almost upon him, the murky light glinting on menacing blades, when Cliff blew the first note. The note of sleep! He tried again, hastily. And it was the right one!  At the doleful, soothing sound the un- dead halted in their tracks; halted--and melted into nothingness before his eyes!  But now those other five in their robes of bloody red--they were charging, and even though they were unarmed, Cliff felt a stab of fear. They possessed powers beyond the human, powers a mortal could not combat. He braced him- self and waited.  At the bottom of the steps they stopped, ranging in a wide half-circle. The central monster--the Master--flung up his arms in a strangely terrifying ges- ture, and Cliff saw his carmine lips move