THE OPENER OF THE WAY 279    There was an air of evil suggestion about the god, however; a hint of bestial humanity in its body which seemed to hide a secret, sentient life. The knowing smile on the carven countenance seemed cynically alive; the eyes, though stony, held a strange and disturbing awareness. It was as though the statue were alive; or, rather, as though it were merely a stone cloak that harbored life.   THE two explorers sensed this with- out speaking, and for a long minute they contemplated the Opener of the Way uneasily. Then, with a sudden start, the older man resumed his cus- tomary briskness of manner.  "Well, son, let's not stand here gawk- ing at this thing all day! We have plenty to do yet--the biggest task remains. Have you looked at the map?"  "Yes, father." The younger man's voice was not nearly as loud or as firm as Sir Ronald's. He did not like the mephitic air of the stone passageway; he did not care for the stench that seemed to spawn in the shadows of the corners. He was acutely aware of the fact that he and his father were in a hidden tomb, seven hundred feet below the desert sands; a secret tomb that had lain unopened for thirty creeping cen- turies. And he could not help but re- member the curse.  For there was a curse on the place; indeed, it was that whi-- had led to its discovery.  Sir Ronald had found it in the exca- vation of the Ninth Pyramid, the molder- ing papyrus parchment which held the key to a secret way. How he had smuggled it past the heads of the expe- dition nobody can say, but he had man- aged the task somehow.  After all, he was not wholly to be blamed, though the theft of expedition- ary trophies is a serious offense. But for      twenty years Sir Ronald Barton had combed the deserts, uncovered sacred relics, deciphered hieroglyphics, and dis- interred mummies, statues, ancient furni- ture, or precious stones. He had un- earthed untold wealth and incredibly val- uable manuscripts for his Government; yet he was still a poor man, and had never been rewarded by becoming head of an expedition of his own. Who can blame him if he took that one misstep which he knew would lead him to fame and fortune at last?  Besides, he was getting old, and after a score of years in Egypt all archeologists are a little mad. There is something about the sullen sun overhead that paralyzes the brains of men as they fer- ret in the sand, digging in unhallowed ruins; something about the damp, dark stillness underground in temple vaults that chills the soul. It is not good to look upon the old gods in the places where they still rule; for cat-headed Bubastis, serpented Set, and evil Amon- Ra frown down as sullen guardians in the purple pylons before the pyramids. Over all is an air of forbidden things long dead, and it creeps into the blood. Sir Ronald had dabbled in sorcery, a bit; so perhaps it affected him more strongly than the rest. At any rate, he stole the parchment.  It had been penned by a priest of ancient Egypt, but the priest had not been a holy man. No man could write as he had written without violating his vows. It was a dreadful thing, that man- uscript, steeped in sorcery and hideous with half-hinted horrors.  The enchanter who had written it al- luded to gods far older than those he worshipped. There was mention of the "Demon Messenger" and the "Black Temple," coupled with the secret myth and legend-cycles of pre-Adamite days, For just as the Christian religion has its