DREADFUL SLEEP 317 ing, however, was his unkindness to Jerry. He developed a way of saying sharp cruel things to her, displaying a venomous malevolence that I had never suspected in him. One day at table, for example, saying that his tea was cold, he flung it into Jerry's face, and began cursing her sav- agely. I should have hit him, then, but Jerry ran to me, wiping the scalding liquid out of her eyes, caught my arm, and begged me not to strike him. THE rude dwelling finished at last, we unloaded Bell's equipment and carried it to the chosen site: a bare out- cropping of living granite, just above the camp. Working beneath a canvas shelter --for, since the sun had gone, it was growing bitterly cold--we began drilling holes in the rock to anchor the legs of the tower. As we cleared the crust of ice from this ledge, Tommy Veering made a curious discovery. In a crevice he found a num- ber of tiny fossils: lichens, several small ancient spiders, two minute degenerative hymenopterous insects, and a small am- monite. The specimens were not so re- markable as their state of preservation. For every tiny limb and segment was in- tact, diamond-hard. Veering showed the find to Harding, who became oddly excited over it. "These are the original bodies!" he ex- claimed, peering at them with a pocket miscoscope. "There has been no miner- alizing, no substitution as in ordinary petrification. They have been just some- how--frozen!" Mere heat, however, did not thaw them. The effort seemed sheerest folly-- for the presence of the extinct mollusk alone was proof that the things had ex- isted unchanged through geological ages --but Harding and Veering, in our rude little laboratory, made continual effort to revive the fossils. "But they aren't fossils at all," Hard- ing insisted. "There has been no change or deterioration since they were alive. The microscopic structure is perfect, every cell intact!" His weeks of work only deepened the puzzle. It was about this time, incident- ally, that he began to wear colored glasses, saying that the long hours at the micro- scope strained his eyes. "The newer physics," he told me once, "would say that these creatures are in a space-time stasis. The spectroscope shows that the characteristics of space about their atoms has been altered, warped, so that no change or motion is possible--not even any time!" Behind the dark lenses his eyes glit- tered with a strange excitement. "If we could reverse that warping force, unlock the stasis, they would live again, unaware that even a second had passed." His voice was feverish, husky, terrible. "And that secret, if we learn it, will be a weapon greater than the Gor- gon's head." Frankly, I thought the project mere folly if not insane delusion, for I had increasing doubts of Harding's mental balance. But I did not discourage it, be- cause it occupied his time and left him less troublesome. The erection of Bell's automatic appa- ratus, meantime, went steadily forward. Veering proved himself a skilled and brilliant technician. By midwinter, it seemed, the battery might be in opera- tion. All the ice would be thawed from the Basin, Bell promised, by the coming of the sun. It is hard to give a true record of those weary, dragging months of winter night. The shadow of dire catastrophe had over- hung us from the first. My old irrational conviction of approaching tragedy had