  HE THAT HATH WINGS 77    DOCTOR HARRIMAN saw and under- stood that yearning in David's eyes, and the old physician sighed.  "He has grown up," he thought, "and wants to go like any young bird that would leave its nest. I shall not be able much longer to keep him from leaving."  But it was Harriman himself who left first, in a different way. For some time the doctor's heart had troubled him, and there came a morning when he did not awaken, and when a dazed, uncompre- hending David stared down at his guard- ian's still white face.  Through all that day, while the old housekeeper wept softly about the place and the Norwegian was gone in the boat to the mainland to arrange the funeral, David Rand sat with folded wings and chin in hand, staring out across the blue waters.  That night, when all was dark and si- lent around the bungalow, he stole into the room where the doctor lay silent and peaceful. In the darkness, David touched the thin, cold hand. Hot tears swam in his eyes and he felt a hard lump in his throat as he made that futile gesture of farewell.  Then he went softly back out of the house into the night. The moon was a red shield above the eastern waters and the autumn wind blew cold and crisp. Down through the keen air came the joy- ous piping and carolling and whistling of a long swarm of wild birds, like shrill bugle-calls of gay challenge.  David's knees bent, and he sprang up- ward with whirring wings--up and up, the icy air streaming past his body, thun- dering in his ears, his nostrils drinking it. And the dull sorrow in his heart re- ceded in the bursting joy of flight and freedom. He was up among those shrill- ing, whistling birds now, the screaming      wind tearing laughter from his lips as they scattered in alarm from him.  Then as they saw that this strange winged creature who had joined them made no move to harm them, the wild birds reformed their scattered flock. Far off across the dim, heaving plain of the waters glowed the dull red moon and the scattered lights of the mainland, the little lights of earthbound folk. The birds shrilled loud and David laughed and sang in joyous chorus as his great wings whirred in time with their own, trailing high across the night sky toward adven- ture and freedom, flying south.  All through that night, and with brief rests through the next day also, David flew southward, for a time over endless waters and then over the green, fertile land. His hunger he satisfied by dipping toward trees loaded with ripening fruit. When the next night came he slept in a crotch high in a tall forest oak, crouched comfortably with his wings folded about him.  It was not long before the world learned that the freak youth with wings was abroad. People in farms and vil- lages and cities looked up incredulously at that slim figure winging high over- head. Ignorant Negroes who had never heard of David Rand flung themselves prostrate in panic as he passed across the sky.  Through all that winter there were re- ports of David from the southland, re- ports that made it evident he had be- come almost completely a creature of the wild. What greater pleasure than to soar through the long sun-drenched days over the blue tropic seas, to swoop on the sil- ver fish that broke from the waters, to gather strange fruits and sleep at night in a high tree close against the stars, and wake with dawn to another day of unfet- tered freedom?    