226 WEIRD TALES I was glad to see it, for both our sakes. "Judge Pursuivant got me to one side and said for me to come here. You and I are to talk the thing over." "You mean, last night?" She nodded, and I asked further, "How did you get here?" "Your car. I don't drive very well, but I managed." I asked her to sit down and talk. She told me that she remembered be- ing in the parlor, with Constable O'Bry- ant questioning me. At the time she had had difficulty remembering even the be- ginning of the séance, and it was not until I had been taken away that she came to realize what had happened to her father. That, of course, distressed and distracted her further, and even now the whole ex- perience was wretchedly hazy to her. "I do recall sitting down with you," she said finally, after I had urged her for the twentieth time to think hard. "You chained me, yes, and Doctor Zoberg. Then yourself. Finally I seemed to float away, as if in a dream. I'm not even sure about how long it was." "Had the light been out very long?" I asked craftily. "The light out?" she echoed, patently mystified. "Oh, of course. The light was turned out, naturally. I don't remember, but I suppose you attended to that." "I asked to try you," I confessed. "I didn't touch the lamp until after you had seemed to drop off to sleep." She did recall to memory her father's protest at his manacles, and Doctor Zo- berg's gentle inquiry if she were ready. That was all. "How is Doctor Zoberg?" I asked her. "Not very well, I'm afraid. He was exhausted by the experience, of course, and for a time seemed ready to break down. When the trouble began about you--the crowd gathered at the town hall --he gathered his strength and went out, to see if he could help defend or rescue you. He was gone about an hour and then he returned, bruised about the face. Somebody of the mob had handled him roughly, I think. He's resting at our place now, with a hot compress on his eye." "Good man!" I applauded. "At least he did his best for me." She was not finding much pleasure in her memories, however, and I suggested a change of the subject. We had lunch together, egg sandwiches and coffee, then played several hands of casino. Tiring of that, we turned to the books and she read aloud to me from Keats. Never has The Eve of St. Agnes sounded better to me. Evening fell, and we were preparing to take yet another meal--a meat pie, which William assured us was one of his culi- nary triumphs--when the door burst open and Judge Pursuivant came in. "You've been together all the time?" he asked us at once. "Why, yes," I said. "Is that correct, Miss Susan? You've been in the house, every minute?" "That is right," she seconded me. "Then," said the judge. "You two are cleared, at last." He paused, looking from Susan's ques- tioning face to mine, then went on: "That rending beast-thing in the Croft got another victim, not more than half an hour ago. O'Bryant was feeling better, ready to get back on duty. His deputy- brother, anxious to get hold of Wills first, for glory or vengeance, ventured into the place, just at dusk. He came out in a little while, torn and bitten almost to pieces, and died as he broke clear of the cedar hedge." The thrilling climax of this story, with the confession and capture of the werewolf, will be told in the exciting chapters that bring the tale to a close in next month's issue. Reserve your copy at your magazine dealer's now.