138 WEIRD TALES you desire to keep its presence hidden from the officers?" A look of desperation crossed the other's face. He laid his forehead on the chilly coffin top again and burst into a fit of weeping. Finally: "You are educated men, physicians, and may understand," he murmured between sobs. "You must believe me when I tell you that unless we take this coffin out at once a terrible calamity will follow!" De Grandin eyed him speculatively. "I will take the chance that what you say is true, Monsieur" he answered. "You have a motorcar outside? Good. Doctor Trowbridge will accompany you and guide you to our house. I shall stay and wait until the police have been notified and aid them with such information as I have. Then I shall rejoin you." Turning to the servant he commanded: "Help us place this box upon the motor, if you please; then hasten to the nearest neighbor's and telephone the officers. I await you here." WITH the long box hidden in the tonneau of his touring-car the young man hugged my rear fender all the way to town, and was at my side and ready to assist in packing the unwieldy case into the house almost before I shut my motor off. Once in the surgery, he crept furtively from one window to an- other, drawing down the blinds and list- ening intently, as though he were in mor- tal fear of spies. "Well, now, young fellow," I began as he completed his mysterious precau- tions, "what's all this about? Let me warn you, if you've got a body hidden in that casket it's likely to go hard with you. I'm armed, and if you make a false move--" Reaching in my jacket pocket I snapped my glasses-case to simulate--I hoped!--the clicking of a pistol being cocked, and frowned at him severely. The smile of child-like confidence he gave me was completely reassuring. "I've no wish to run away, sir," he assured me. "If it hadn't been for you they might have--Jesu-Mary, what is that?" He thrust himself before the red wood coffin as though to shield it with his body as a rattle sounded at the office door. "Salut, mes amis!" de Grandin greeted as he strode into the surgery. "I am for- tunate. The gendarmes kept me but a little while, and I rode back to town with the mortician who brought in the doctor's body. You have not opened it? Tres bon. I shall be delighted to assist you." "Yes, let us hurry, please," our visitor begged. "It has been so long--" a sob choked in his throat, and he put his hand across his eyes. The wood was heavy but not hard, and our tools cut through it easily. In fifteen minutes we had forced a lengthwise girdle round the box, and bent to lift the lid. "Nikakova!" breathed the young man as a worshipper might speak the name of some saint he adored. "Sacré nom d'un fromage vert!" de Grandin swore. "Good heavens!" I ejaculated. A coat of hoarfrost fell away in flakes, and beneath it showed a glassy dome with little traceries of rime upon it. Be- tween the lace-like meshes of the gelid veil we glimpsed a woman lying quiet as in sleep. There was a sort of wavering radiance about her not entirely attribu- table to the icy envelope enclosing her. Rather, it seemed to me, she matched the brilliant beams of the electric light with some luminescence of her own. Nude she was as any Aphrodite sculptured by the master-craftsmen of the Isle of Melos; a cloven tide of pale-gold hair fell down each side her face and rippled over ivory shoulders, veiling the pink nipples of the full-blown, low-set bosoms and coursing