  RETURN TO THE SABBATH 99    for that "return from the dead" sequence must be included.   JORLA arrived on October seventh. He put up at a hotel; the studio sent down its usual welcoming committee, took him out to the lot for formal testing, then turned him over to me.  I met the man for the first time in the little dressing-room they had assigned him. I'll never forget that afternoon of our first meeting, or my first sight of him as I entered the door.  What I expected to see I don't know. But what I did see amazed me. For Karl Jorla was the dead-alive man of the screen in life!  The features were not fretted, of course. But he was tall, and almost as cadaverously thin as in his role; his face was pallid, and his eyes blue-circled. And the eyes were the dead eyes of the movie; the deep, knowing eyes!  The booming voice greeted me in hesi- tant English. Jorla smiled with his lips at my obvious discomfiture, but the ex- pression of the eyes never varied in their alien strangeness.  Somewhat hesitantly I explained my office and my errand. "No pub-leecity," Jorla intoned. "I do not weesh to make known what is affairs of mine own do- eeng."  I gave him the usual arguments. How much he understood I cannot say, but he was adamant. I learned only a little; that he had been born in Prague, lived in wealth until the upheavals of the Euro- pean depression, and entered film work only to please a director friend of his. This director had made the picture in which Jorla played, for private showings only. By mischance a print had been re- leased and copied for general circulation. It had all been a mistake. However, the American film offer had come oppor-      tunely, since Jorla wanted to leave Austria at once.  "After the feelm app-ear, I am in bad lights weeth my--friends," he explained, slowly. "They do not weesh it to be shown, that cere-monee."  "The Black Mass?" I asked. "Your friends?"  "Yes. The wor-ship of Lucifer. It was real, you know."  Was he joking? No--I couldn't doubt the man's sincerity. There was no room for mirth in those alien eyes. And then I knew what he meant, what he so casu- ally revealed. He had been a devil-wor- shipper himself--he and that director. They had made the film and meant it for private display in their own occult cir- cles. No wonder he sought escape abroad!  It was incredible, save that I knew Europe, and the dark Northern mind. The worship of Evil continues today in Budapest, Prague, Berlin. And he, Karl Jorla the horror-actor, admitted to being one of them!  "What a story!" I thought. And then I realized that it could, of course, never be printed. A horror-star admitting be- lief in the parts he played? Absurd!  All the features about Boris Karloff played up the fact that he was a gentle man who found true peace in raising a garden. Lugosi was pictured as a sensi- tive neurotic, tortured by the rôles he played in the films. Atwill was a social- ite and a stage star. And Peter Lorre was always written up as being gentle as a lamb, a quiet student whose ambition was to play comedy parts.  No, it would never do to break the story of Jorla's devil-worship. And he was so damnably reticent about his pri- vate affairs!  I sought out Kincaid after the termi- nation of our unsatisfactory interview. I    