280 WEIRD TALES    Black Mass, just as every sect has its hid- den Devil-worship, the Egyptians knew their own darker gods.  The names of these accursed ones were set forth, together with the orisons neces- sary for their invocation. Shocking and blasphemous statements abounded in the text; threats against the reigning religion, and terrible curses upon the people who upheld it. Perhaps that is why Sir Ron- ald found it buried with the mummy of the priest--its discoverers had not dared to destroy it, because of the doom which might befall them. They had their way of vengeance, though; because the mummy of the priest was found without arms, legs, or eyes, and these were not lost through decay.   SIR RONALD, though he found the above-mentioned portions of the parchment intensely interesting, was much more impressed by the last page. It was here that the sacrilegious one told of the tomb of his master, who ruled the dark cult of the day. There were a map, a chart, and certain directions. These had not been written in Egyptian, but in the cuneiform chirography of Chaldea. Doubtless that is why the old avenging priests had not sought out the spot for themselves to destroy it. They were probably unfamiliar with the lan- guage; unless they were kept away by fear of the curse.  Peter Barton still remembered that night in Cairo when he and his father had first read it in translation. He re- called the avid gleam in Sir Ronald's glittering eyes, the tremulous depth in his guttural voice.  "And as the maps direct, there you shall find the tomb of the Master, who lies with his acolytes and all his treasure."  Sir Ronald's voice nearly broke with excitement as he pronounced this last word.     "And at the entrance upon the night that the Dog-Star is ascendant yon must give up three jackals upon an altar in sacrifice, and with the blood bestrew the sands about the opening. Then the bats shall descend, that they may have feast- ing, and carry their glad tidings of blood to Father Set in the Underworld."  "Superstitious rigmarole!" young Peter had exclaimed.  "Don't scoff, son," Sir Ronald ad- vised. "I could give you reasons for what it says above, and make you under- stand. But I am afraid that the truth would disturb you unnecessarily."  Peter had stayed silent while his father read on:  "Upon descending into the outer pas- sage you will find the door, set with the symbol of the Master who waits within. Grasp the symbol by the seventh tongue in the seventh head, and with a knife remove it. Then shall the barrier give way, and the gate to the tomb be yours. Thirty and three are the steps along the inner passage, and there stands the statue of Anubis, Opener of the Way."  "Anubis! But isn't he a regular Egyptian deity--a recognized one?" Peter broke in.  His father answered from the manu- script itself:  "For Lord Anubis holds the keys to Life and Death; he guards cryptic Kar- neter, and none shall pass the Veil without consent. Some there are who deem the Jackal-god to be a friend of those who rule, but he is not. Anubis stands in shadows, for he is the Keeper of Mysteries. In olden days for which there is no number it is written that Lord Anubis revealed himself to men, and he who then was Master fashioned the first image of the god in his true likeness. Such is the image that you will find at the end of the inner passageway--the