  90 WEIRD TALES    true shape this morning. I'd rather drown in the marsh-waters than stay with you again."  An indescribable change came upon the sorceress before Pierre had finished speaking. The leer slid from her thick and pallid features, leaving them blankly inhuman for an instant. Then her eyes bulged and goggled horribly, and her whole body appeared to swell as if in- flated with venom.  "Go, then!" she spat with a guttural virulence. "But you will soon wish that you had stayed."  The queer paralysis had lifted from Pierre's muscles. It was as if the injunc- tion of the angry witch had served to revoke an insidious, half-woven spell. With no parting glance or word, Pierre turned from her and fled with long, hasty steps, almost running, on the path to Les Hiboux.   HE HAD gone little more than a hun- dred paces when the fog began to return. It coiled shoreward in vast vol- umes from the marshes, it poured like smoke from the very ground at his feet. Almost instantly, the sun dimmed to a wan silver disk and disappeared. The blue heavens were lost in the pale and seething voidness overhead. The path before Pierre was blotted out till he seemed to walk on the sheer rim of a white abyss, that moved with him as he went.  Like the clammy arms of specters, with death-chill fingers that clutched and ca- ressed, the weird mists drew closer still about Pierre. They thickened in his nos- trils and throat, they dripped in a heavy dew from his garments. They choked him with the fetor of rank waters and putrescent ooze . . . and a stench as of      liquefying corpses that had risen some- where to the surface amid the fen.  Then, from the blank whiteness, the toads assailed Pierre in a surging, solid wave that towered above his head and swept him from the dim path with the force of falling seas as it descended. He went down, splashing and floundering, into water that swarmed with the num- berless batrachians. Foul slime was in his mouth and nose as he struggled to regain his footing. The water, however, was only knee-deep, and the bottom, though slippery and oozy, supported him with little yielding when he stood erect.  He discerned indistinctly through the mist the near-by margin from which he had fallen. But his steps were weirdly and horribly hampered by the toad-seeth- ing waters when he strove to reach it. Inch by inch, with a hopeless panic deep- ening upon him, he fought toward the solid shore. The toads leaped and tum- bled about him with a dizzying eddy-like motion. They swirled like a viscid under- tow around his feet and shins. They swept and swirled in great loathsome un- dulations against his retarded knees.  However, he made slow and painful progress, till his outstretched fingers could almost grasp the wiry sedges that trailed from the low bank. Then, from that mist-bound shore, there fell and broke upon him a second deluge of these demoniac toads; and Pierre was borne helplessly backward into the filthy waters.  Held down by the piling and crawling masses, and drowning in nauseous dark- ness at the thick-oozed bottom, he clawed feebly at his assailants. For a moment, ere oblivion came, his fingers found among them the outlines of a monstrous form that was somehow toad-like . . . but large and heavy as a fat woman.,    