  114 WEIRD TALES    musings. The portières parted, and the lady from Gurjestan reappeared. In that strange atmosphere, it never occurred to me to commit the faux pas of rising as she entered. This was doubtless bin Ayyub's "family"; and, though the United States were on the street, they had not quite penetrated to this dim salon, so that I felt it would be tactful not to seem to take any notice of the girl. Upon more intimate acquaintance with bin Ayyub, I might be presented to her; but not at present.  Bin Ayyub replied to her purring, rippling syllables, speaking some lan- guage unknown to me; and then the tapestried portières closed and hid her from sight.  "You will surely pardon me, effendi. Though Djénane Hanoum speaks Eng- lish, she prefers her native language," he remarked, then clapped his hands to sum- mon Saoud.  Fresh coffee was served. And then, as my cigarette smoldered to its finish, bin Ayyub rose, rolled up the precious Is- phahan and again offered it to me.  "And in ten days or two weeks the throne-rug of Saladin will be spliced by skilled weavers. I would be very glad to have you return and see it after it is restored."  The clicking of the latch behind me reminded me that I was again in the city of Chicago; and the Isphahan did not let me forget that I had actually been awake the past few hours.   WHENEVER there has been a killing, the vultures assemble. I had mar- veled that Morgan Revell had not stum- bled across the throne-rug of Saladin be- fore I did. Thus it was that I was not surprized to have him call at my apart- ment that very evening.  "Well . . . most extraordinary, that. Where did you get it?" he demanded,      as he paused in the doorway, stripping off his gloves in preparation for the in- spection of the Isphahan that bin Ayyub had so generously given me. "Shades of Shah Abbas! Strike me blind, but it seems genuine. And perfect."  He then parked his bulk in my favorite chair, and poured himself a drink, and proceeded to extract the story. And naturally I was not at all averse to en- lightening him; for this would about even up for his eternal boasting of the mosque carpet of Eski Shehr: a remarkable tale, but one which eventually wears on one's nerves.  "On the level now, did anyone actually make you a present of this Isphahan?" he inquired as I concluded my account of the day's doings.  "Idiot," said I, "do you think I could have bought it?"  "Well, no. But still--" His features parted in a reminiscent grin. "Perhaps you remember the mosque carpet of Eski Shehr?"  "Lay off that mosque carpet! No, I got this honestly and without any of your clever devices."  "Score one for you! But really now, old egg, don't you know, this is a most unusual tale you're telling. Quite pre- posterous, quite! First of all, this bin Ayyub person is a rara avis, and all that, if at all. Who ever heard of one of those beggars who had any appreciation of an antique rug?"  "What about--?"  "Rot! Whoever you were going to cite is probably a dealer. It's simply preposter- ous, this bin Ayyub who collects ancient rugs. And that descendant of Saladin; why really, old fruit, that doesn't hold water at all."  I insisted that there were Orientals who did appreciate the beauty of the won- drous rugs which they wove.  "Quite so, quite so. But just consider,"    