272 WEIRD TALES    hall, down the stone steps, and across the dead plain with its sighing skeleton trees. He was panting jerkily by the time he came to the fissure leading to the cove, but he reached it, despite Cliff's two hundred pounds. Without pausing, he went on into the cavern, along the rock ledge, to step at last upon the deck of the black galley.  "Pleasant thoughts," he said gently as he dropped Cliff to the spongy boards. "You have only to wait till dark!"  Cliff listened to his rapid footfalls till they died in distance; then there was no sound save his own breathing.  Gradually his eyes became accustomed to the heavy gloom, and he saw that Corio had dropped him just at the edge of the rowers' pit. There were white things down there--bones, pale as marble, scattered about aimlessly. Could --could those bones join to make the rowers who would arise with the night? It seemed absurd--was absurd--yet he knew it was so! He had seen too much to doubt it.  He rolled over on his back and stared upward into the shadows. He must lie here helpless while Corio returned to Vilma--did with her as he pleased! Perhaps he might even transform her into a blood-tainted monster like himself! He saw her again in that room of ancient splendor, spread-eagled to the bed; and the muscles corded in his arms, and his lips strained white in a futile effort to break free.  Interminably he lay there waiting. The galley was damp with the chilling damp- ness of a sepulcher, and the dampness penetrated deeper and deeper. Clamping his jaws together to prevent their quiver- ing, he struggled against a rising tide of madness which gnawed at his reason. His mind began to crunch and jangle like a machine out of gear, threatening to destroy itself.     On and on in plodding indifference the stolid moments passed, till at last Cliff realized that it was growing darker. He rolled over on his side and stared into the galley pit, eyes fixed on the inert masses of white. Soon they would move! Soon the undead would rise! His thoughts, touched by the whips of dread, sped about like slaves seeking escape from a torture pit. And abruptly out of the welter of chaotic ideas came one straw of sanity; he seized it, his heart hammer- ing with hope.  Those Persian sailors were armed! Their swords and knives were real, for they cut flesh! Somewhere among their bones must lie sharp-edged blades!  He struggled to the edge of the pit, let his feet drop over. As they touched, he balanced precariously for an instant, then fell to his knees. He peered fever- ishly about among white bones, molder- ing garments, and rusted armor--and saw a faint glimmer of light on pointed steel. He sank forward on his face in the direction of the gleam, turned over, squirmed and writhed till he felt the cold blade against his hands. He caught it between his fingers and began sawing back and forth.  It was heart-breaking work. Age had dulled the weapon, and long slivers of rust flaked off, but the leather which bound him was also ancient. Though progress was slow, and the effort labori- ous, Cliff knew his bonds were weakening.  But it was growing darker. Even now he could see only a suggestion of gray among the shadows. If those undead things materialized while he lay among them! . . . Sweat stood out on his fore- head and he redoubled his efforts, strain- ing at the leather as he sawed.  With a snap the cords parted and his hands were free. A single slash severed the thongs about his ankles, and he stood   W. T.--1