344 WEIRD TALES    with fury, fanned by the sardonic smile that seemed carved upon his bearded lips. Those eyes and that smile contained all the cruel cynicism that seethes below the surface of a sophisticated and degenerate race, and for the first time in her life Va- leria experienced fear of a man. It was like struggling against some huge elemen- tal force; his iron arms thwarted her ef- forts with an ease that sent panic racing through her limbs. He seemed impervi- ous to any pain she could inflict. Only once, when she sank her white teeth sav- agely into his wrist so that the blood started, did he react. And that was to buffet her brutally upon the side of the head with his open hand, so that stars flashed before her eyes and her head rolled on her shoulders.  Her shirt had been torn open in the struggle, and with cynical cruelty he rasped his thick beard across her bare breasts, bringing the blood to suffuse the fair skin, and fetching a cry of pain and outraged fury from her. Her convulsive resistance was useless; she was crushed down on a couch, disarmed and panting, her eyes blazing up at him like the eyes of a trapped tigress.  A moment later he was hurrying from the chamber, carrying her in his arms. She made no resistance, but the smolder- ing of her eyes showed that she was un- conquered in spirit, at least. She had not cried out. She knew that Conan was not within call, and it did not occur to her that any in Tecuhltli would oppose their prince. But she noticed that Olmec went stealthily, with his head on one side as if listening for sounds of pursuit, and he did not return to the throne chamber. He carried her through a door that stood op- posite that through which he had entered, crossed another room and began stealing down a hall. As she became convinced that he feared some opposition to the ab-     duction, she threw back her head and screamed at the top of her lusty voice.  She was rewarded by a slap that half stunned her, and Olmec quickened his pace to a shambling run.  But her cry had been echoed, and twist- ing her head about, Valeria, through the tears and stars that partly blinded her, saw Techotl limping after them.  Olmec turned with a snarl, shifting the woman to an uncomfortable and certainly undignified position under one huge arm, where he held her writhing and kicking vainly, like a child.  "Olmec!" protested Techotl. "You can- not be such a dog as to do this thing! She is Conan's woman! She helped us slay the Xotalancas, and--"   WITHOUT a word Olmec balled his free hand into a huge fist and stretched the wounded warrior senseless at his feet. Stooping, and hindered not at all by the struggles and imprecations of his captive, he drew Techotl's sword from its sheath and stabbed the warrior in the breast. Then casting aside the wea- pon he fled on along the corridor. He did not see a woman's dark face peer cau- tiously after him from behind a hang- ing. It vanished, and presently Techotl groaned and stirred, rose dazedly and staggered drunkenly away, calling Co- nan's name.  Olmec hurried on down the corridor, and descended a winding ivory staircase. He crossed several corridors and halted at last in a broad chamber whose doors were veiled with heavy tapestries, with one ex- ception--a heavy bronze door similar to the Door of the Eagle on the upper floor.  He was moved to rumble, pointing to it: "That is one of the outer doors of Tecuhltli. For the first time in fifty years it is unguarded. We need not guard it now, for Xotalanc is no more."