230 WEIRD TALES holy joy came into the old man's eyes, his mouth upcurved in evil triumph, and it seemed that psychic power flowed from his entire body. He extended his arms in an all-embracing gesture, and his hands beckoned. Now his eyes became hypnotic, his aspect momentarily benign, and in an almost suggestively benign voice, he spoke. "Come now, my children. Rise and follow me." If he had not been too concerned about his own safety, Cranston might have given himself away in his terror at what followed Prettweg's gentle words. For the dead began to move, stiffly, me- chanically! One by one they rose and stood at attention, their dead faces turned expressionlessly toward the commanding figure whose medicine and mental magic had brought their bodies to ghastly life. Their arms hung limply at their sides, their heads were servilely bent, their eyes sought blankly for the directing force in the tall thin figure before them. Prett- weg's gray hair, now ringed around by sunlight, lent him an ironical saintliness. Cranston was the last to rise. The doctor swept the six with his glance and looked back toward the fort. Cranston felt deep within him the wish that the bombing planes might al- ready be here. Let' them come! he thought, but there was no sound in the air. "Come," said Prettweg. He strode away toward the open gates, and the incredibly animated dead moved after him, Cranston among them; he too, like those others, walking with the auto- matic precision of somnambulists. He suffered a momentary impulse to shoot the doctor as he walked along with his back to him, but a confused sense of honor, combined with the conviction that he must get inside Mechar as Prageur had ordered, to verify Gasparri's ghastly story, smothered his insane desire. His hands itched for the feel of his weapon, his en- tire body craved the maddening, satisfy- ing pleasure of shooting down this in- human monster who had such terrible power over the dead. But surely there was already enough verification? Or was it nightmare? Crans- ton was walking at the side of a Surdez Legionnaire, Franz Klast, a German whom he remembered as a good fellow. Cranston had seen him shot, had seen him fall--for an instant he fancied that he labored under a monstrous delusion, a mad dream from which he must shake himself; for Klast could not be dead, since he walked at his side, alive! "Klast!" he whispered. "For God's sake, talk to me!" There was no answer. Cranston turned his head recklessly to the side and looked at Klast, al- most recoiling in horror at what he saw: the gaping hole in Klast's temple, torn by the fatal bullet fired by one of the dead from the walls of Mechar. The wound's black maw mocked Cranston. Klast was walking sightlessly, ani- mated by a ghastly force from beyond his body! A flash of intelligence gave sud- den vision to Cranston--this madman Prettweg, controlling thousands upon thousands of dead, could ultimately sweep over the face of the earth, for his soldiers had conquered death, and were in themselves death. Death could sweep over the earth, could hold every fort, every outpost, every great city, could reign over all the country, directed by the cancerous brain of this madman! Far back, perhaps, some remote German sci- entist had manufactured this acrid elixir of life, but it took modern experimenta- tion and the distorted mind of a mad- man to complete the frightful dreams of that earlier madman,