262 WEIRD TALES fledged gosling, we should have--sapristi! Stop him, he is intent on self-destruction!" At his shouted warning I looked to- ward the footwalk and descried a figure in a heavy ulster climbing up the guard rail. Shooting on my power, I jerked the car ahead, then cut the clutch and jammed the brakes down hard, swinging us against the curb abreast of the intending suicide. I kicked the door aside and raced around the engine-hood, but de Grandin disdained such delays and vaulted over- side, half leaping, half sliding on the slippery pavement and cannoning full- tilt against the man who sought to climb the breast-high railing. "Parbleu, you shall not!" he exclaimed as he grasped the other's legs with outfiung arms. "It is wet down there, Monsieur, and most abominably cold. Wait for summer if you care to practise diving!" The man kicked viciously, but the lit- tle Frenchman hung on doggedly, and as the other loosed his hold upon the rail they both came crashing to the pavement where they rolled and thrashed like fight- ing dogs. I hovered near the mêlée, intent on giv- ing such assistance as I could, but my help was not required; for as I reached to snatch the stranger's collar, de Grandin gave a quick twist, arched his body upon neck and heels and with a blow as rapid as a striking snake's chopped his adversary on the Adam's apple with his stiffened hand. The result was instantaneous. The larger man collapsed as if he had been shot, and my little friend slipped out from underneath him, teeth flashing in an impish grin, small blue eyes agleam. "A knowledge of jiu-jutsu comes in handy now and then," he panted as he rearranged his clothing. "For a moment I had fears that he would take me with him to a watery bed." "Well, what shall we do with him?" I asked. "He's out completely, and we can't afford to leave him here. He'll surely try to kill himself again if--" "Parbleu! Attendez, s'il vous plait!" he interrupted. "Le parfum--do you smell him?" He paused with back-thrown head, narrow nostrils quivering as he sniffed the moist, cold air. There was no doubt of it. Faint and growing quickly fainter, but plainly no- ticeable, the aura of a scent hung in the atmosphere. It was an odd aroma, not wholly pleasant, yet distinctly fascinating, seeming to combine the heavy sweetness of patchouli with the bitterness of frank- incense and the penetrating qualities of musk and civet; yet underlying it there was a faint and slightly sickening odor of corruption. "Why, I never smelled--" I began, but de Grandin waved aside my observa- tion. "Nor I," he nodded shortly, "but un- less I am at fault this is the perfume which the good Costello told us of. Can- not you see, my friend? We have here our laboratory specimen, an uncompleted suicide with the redolence of this mysteri- ous scent upon it. Help me lift him in the car, mon vieux; we have things to say to this one. We shall ask him, by ex- ample, why it was--" "Suppose that he won't talk?" I broke in. "Ha, you suppose that! If your sup- position proves correct and he is of the obstinacy, you shall see a beautiful ex- ample of the third degree. You shall see me turn him inside out as if he were a lady's glove. I shall creep into his mind, me. I shall--mordieu, before the night is done I damn think I shall have at least a partial answer to the good Costello's puz- zle! Come, let us be of haste; en avant!" Despite his height the salvaged man did not weigh much, and we had no trouble getting him inside the car. In