330 WEIRD TALES it came too close; but it lumbered forward with a sudden burst of speed. Although I tried to spring clear I failed; a tentacle whipped about my legs and sent me sprawling. As I tried to roll away an- other smooth gray coil got my left arm. Intolerable agony dug into my shoul- der as I was lifted. I heard Ann scream, and a gun barked angrily. Bullets plopped into the smooth flesh of the monster, but it paid no attention. I was lifted through a welter of coiling, ropy tentacles, until just above me was the flaming jewel in which the creature's life was centered. Remembrance of Keene's words spurred me to action; this might be the monster's vulnerable point. The paperweight was still in my pocket, and I clawed it out desperately. I hurled it with all my strength at the shining gem. And the jewel shattered! There came a shrill vibration, like the tinkling of countless tiny crystalline bells. Piercingly sweet, it shrilled in my ears, and died away quickly. And suddenly nothing existed but light. It was as though the shattering of the gem had released a sea of incandescent flame imprisoned within it. The glare of the arc-lights faded beside this flood of silvery radiance that bathed me. The cold glory of Arcturus, the blaze of tropical moonlight, were in the light. Swiftly it faded and fled away. I felt myself dropping, and pain lanced into my wrenched shoulder as I struck the ground. I heard Ann's voice. Dazedly I got up, expecting to see the monster towering above me. But it was gone. In its place, a few feet away, was the barrel-shaped thing I had first seen in the alcove. There was a gaping cav- ity in the rounded apex where the jewel had been. And, somehow, I sensed that the creature was no longer deadly, no longer a horror. I saw Ann. She was still holding Keene's gun, and in her other hand was the key with which she had unlocked the door. She came running toward me, and I went swiftly to meet her. I took the gun and made sure it was loaded. "Come on," I said, curtly. "We're getting out of here." ANN'S fingers were gripping my arm tightly as we went through the door, past the prone figure of Keene, and up the stairway. The lever behind the panel was not difficult to operate, and I followed Ann through the opening into the theater. Then I paused, listen- ing. Ann turned, watching me, a question in her eyes. "What is it, Pete?" "Listen," I said. "Get the cans of film from the projection booth. We'll take them with us and burn them." "But--you're not--" "I'll be with you in a minute," I told her, and swung the panel shut. I went down the stairs swiftly and very quietly, my gun ready and my ears alert for the low muttering I had heard from below. Keene was no longer unconscious. He was standing beside the switchboard with his back to me, and over his shoulder I could see the shadow of the monster-god sprawling on the wall, inert and lifeless. Keene was chanting something, in a lan- guage I did not know, and his hands were moving in strange gestures. God knows what unearthly powers Keene had acquired in his search for horror! For as I stood there, watching the patch of blackness on the cave wall, I saw a little shudder rock that barrel- shaped shadow of horror, while a single spike abruptly lengthened into a tentacle that groped out furtively and drew back and vanished. Then I killed Arnold Keene.