238 WEIRD TALES the bottle when he gulped the second drink. He snapped the switch savagely, but when he spoke his voice cringed into the tube: "I carried her into the storage room. I got the lid off one of the acid tanks. The vat contained an acid powerful enough to destroy anything--except gold. In fact, the vat itself had to be lined with gold- leaf. I knew that in twenty-four hours there wouldn't be a recognizable body left, and in a week there wouldn't be anything at all. No matter what the police suspected, they couldn't prove a murder charge without a corpus delicti. I had committed the perfect crime--except for one thing. I didn't realize that there'd be a splash when she went into the vat." Gregg laughed, not pleasantly. His wife might think it'd been a sob, when she heard this record. "Now you under- stand why I went to the hospital," he jerked. "Possibly you'd call that poetic justice. Oh, God!" His voice broke. Again he thumbed off the switch, and mopped his face with the damp linen. The rest--how could he explain the rest of it? He spent a long minute arranging his thoughts. "You haven't any idea," he resumed, "no one has any idea, of how I've been punished for the thing I did. I don't mean the sheer physical agony--but the fear that I'd talk coming out of the ether at the hospital. The fear that she'd been traced to my office--I'd simply hidden her rings away, expecting to drop them into the river--or that she might have confided in her lover. . . yes, she had one. Or, suppose a whopping big order came through and that tank was emptied the very next day. And I couldn't ask any questions--I didn't even know what was in the papers. "However, that part of it gradually cleared up. I quizzed Miss Carruthers, and learned that an unidentified female body had been fished out of the East River a few days after Dot disappeared. That's how the police 'solved' the case. I got rid of her rings. I ordered that vat left alone. "The other thing began about six months ago." A spasm contorted his face. His fin- gers ached their grip into the dictaphone tube. "Jeannette, you remember when I be- gan to object to the radio, how I'd shout at you to turn it off in the middle of a program? You thought I was ill, and worried about business. . . . You were wrong. The thing that got me was hear- ing her voice-" He gripped the cold cigar, chewed it. "It's very strange that you didn't notice it. No matter what station we dialed to, al- ways that same voice came stealing into the room! But perhaps you did notice? You said, once or twice, that all those blues singers sounded alike! "And she was a blues singer. ... It was she, all right, somewhere out in the ether, reminding me. . . . "The next thing was--well, at first when I noticed it in the office I thought Miss Carruthers had suddenly taken up with young ideas. You see, I kept smell- ing perfume." And he smelled it now. It was like a miasma in the dark. "It isn't anything that Carruthers wears," he grated. "It comes from--yes, the storage room. I realized that about a month ago. Just after you sailed--one night I stayed late at the office, and I went in there. ... It seemed to be strong- est around the vat--her vat--and I lifted the lid. "The sweet, sticky musk-smell hit me like a blow in the face. "And that isn't all!"