360 WEIRD TALES plaster-chipped structure. Light from the disappearing sun was shining on the cheerless front windows. Leaving his poorly-kept coupé at the curb, he stepped quickly across the withered lawn and up the cement steps of the building to his rooms. After a snack of cold beans and white bread, gulped with some warmed-over coffee, Joe brought the teakwood box out from the place where he had hidden it under the messy sink. Darkness had come and the moon had not yet risen. Billows of black, angry clouds were scattered in the sky. Putting the box on the kitchen table, he stood back and regarded the thing. It appeared ominous and resentful on the scarred table-top under the white ceiling light. Joe thought he sensed a feeling of unearthly life in the booty be- fore him. Someone down the hall was coughing hoarsely, and the thief felt chilled. Suddenly, Joe returned to himself and became intensely curious about that box. He considered what he had found out about it from Mrs. Wright, who, in her desire to get her treasure back, had breathlessly poured out the whole story when questioned. Maybe Mrs. Wright's old man had cached some precious stones or money in the container, conjec- tured Joe, and had fabricated the yarn about the curse in order to keep people from trying to open the box. The thief, flamed by his greed, decided the teak- wood curio deserved an investigation be- fore he discarded it. At first, he picked up a hammer which was kept in one of the dish-closet draw- ers, but after a moment's consideration, he determiried to try and open the box by its mechanism. Perhaps he could sell it to an antique-dealer after examining what might be inside. Yet had that been the real reason for his decision to use care? Joe wished that fool down the hall would keep quiet; for the first time in his life he felt uncertain, confused. San Pedro Joe was proud of his ability to do a neat job on breaking into houses, opening strong-boxes, and his conceit prompted him again to forget his fore- bodings and test his skill by attempting to discover the combination of the box; otherwise, being increasingly nervous, he probably would not have taken the pains which he did to open it so carefully. His fingers trembled--he licked dry, swollen lips. After working for some minutes, he roughly pushed the box from him. Joe imagined the curse, the words of evil, an idol guardian might have incanted on the one who pried into the sacred box, for perhaps it contained some treasured jew- els or a temple secret, rather than being simply a hiding-place for Wright's pen- nies. THE investigator eagerly, impatiently, bent over the shining teak wood again, as though suddenly possessed, and continued his manipulation of the curio's carved knobs and queer levers. For a mo- ment, he thought he detected a slight, shrill cry, followed by a tiny, penetrating whistle. Sweat broke out on Joe's brow as he doggedly kept at his task, fas- cinated, now unable to pause. Shortly he pressed an unobtrusive bump which had been revealed by sliding a ghoulish little figure ornamenting the container's front - to one side. The lid slowly raised up- ward, as though controlled by a hidden spring. The crook nervously pressed harder on the button he had discovered, in order to hasten the opening of the lid. He was waiting for something--his fin- ger seemed frozen to the box, his whole body was stiffened. Sweat was trickling down his back, yet he was somehow cold. Suddenly, a sharp, biting flame burned