  72 WEIRD TALES    due to a deep change in the parents' genes. The genes, you know, are the tiny cells which control bodily development in every living thing that is born. Alter the gene-pattern and you alter the bodily development of the offspring, which ex- plains the differences in color, size, and so forth, in children. But those minor differences are due to comparatively mi- nor gene-changes.  "But the gene-pattern of this child's parents was radically changed a year ago. The electrical explosion in which they were injured must have deeply altered their gene-patterns, by a wave of sudden electrical force. Muller, of the University of Texas, has demonstrated that gene- patterns can be greatly altered by radia- tion, and that the offspring of parents so treated will differ greatly from their par- ents in bodily form. That accident pro- duced an entirely new gene-pattern in the parents of this child, one which devel- oped their child into a winged human. He's what biologists technically call a mutant."  Young Morris suddenly said, "Good Lord, what the newspapers are going to do when they get hold of this story!"  "They mustn't get hold of it," Doctor Harriman declared. "The birth of this child is one of the greatest things in the history of biological science, and it mustn't be made a cheap popular sensa- tion. We must keep it utterly quiet."   THEY kept it quiet for three months, in all. During that time, little David Rand occupied a private room in the hos- pital and was cared for only by the head nurse and visited only by the two phy- sicians.  During those three months, the cor- rectness of Doctor Harriman's prediction was fulfilled. For in that time, the humped projections on the child's back      grew with incredible rapidity until at last they broke through the tender skin in a pair of stubby, scrawny-looking things that were unmistakably wings.  Little David squalled violently during the days that his wings broke forth, feel- ing only a pain as of teething many times intensified. But the two doctors stared and stared at those little wings with their rudimentary feathers, even now hardly able to believe the witness of their eyes.  They saw that the child had as com- plete control of the wings as of his arms and legs, by means of the great muscles around their bases which no other hu- man possessed. And they saw too that while David's weight was increasing, he remained still just a third of the weight of a normal child of his age, and that his heart had a tremendously high pulse-beat and that his blood was far warmer than that of any normal person.  Then it happened. The head nurse, unable any longer to contain the tremen- dous secret with which she was bursting, told a relative in strict confidence. That relative told another relative, also in strict confidence. And two days later the story appeared in the New York news- papers.  The hospital put guards at its doors and refused admittance to the grinning reporters who came to ask for details. All of them were frankly skeptical, and the newspaper stories were written with a tongue in the cheek. The public laughed. A child with wings! What kind of phony new story would they think up next?  But a few days later, the stories changed in tone. Others of the hospital personnel, made curious by the newspaper yarns, pried into the room where David Rand lay crowing and thrashing his arms and legs and wings. They babbled broad- cast assertions that the story was true.    