272 WEIRD TALES partaking of this most unholy sacrament, the same will Satan cast aside, defense- less from the vengeance of an outraged God!' he cried. "Then I knew. Karl Erik Herbules, renegade Christian priest, brilliant schol- ar, poisoner of souls and votary of Satan, was mad as any Tom o' Bedlam! "He stood there by the Devil's altar hurling curses at us, threatening us with Heaven's vengeance, casting an anathema upon us with such vile insults and filthy language as a fishwife would not dare to use. "But panic had the congregation by the throat. They pushed and fought and scratched and bit like frenzied cats, claw- ing and slashing at one another till they gained the exit, then rushing pellmell down the hill to their parked cars with- out a backward look, leaving Herbules alone beside the altar he had raised to Satan, with the dead girl stretched upon it. "There was no chance that Herbules would help. He kept reciting passages from the Black Mass, genuflecting to the altar, filling and refilling the wine-cup and stuffing his mouth with the wafers meant to parody the Host. So Trivers, Eldridge, Atkins and I took Marescha's body to the river, weighted it with win- dow-irons and dropped it in the water. But the knots we tied must have been loose, or else the weights were insufficient, for as we turned to leave, her body floated almost to the surface and one white arm raised above the river's glassy face, as though to wave a mute farewell. It must have been a trick the current played as the tide bore her away, but to us it seemed that her dead hand pointed to us each in turn; certainly there was no doubt it bobbed four times above the river's surface before the swirling waters sucked it out of sight. "You've probably heard garbled ru- mors of what happened afterward. The farmhouse burned that night, and because there was no water to be had, there was no salvage. Still, a few things were not utterly destroyed, and people in the neighborhood still wonder how those Persian lamps and brazen candlesticks came to be in that deserted house. "Herbules committed suicide that night, and when the auditors went over his ac- counts they found he'd practically wrecked Horton. There was hardly a cent left, for he'd financed his whole grisly farce of Devil worship with the money he embez- zled. The trustees made the losses good and gave up in disgust. Ours was the last class graduated. "They found Marescha's body floating in the Shrewsbury two days later, and at first the coroner was sure she'd been the victim of a murder; for while the win- dow-weights had fallen off, the cords that tied them were still knotted round her ankles. When the autopsy disclosed she'd not been drowned, but had been put into the river after death from heart disease, the mystery was deepened, but until tonight only four people knew its answer. Now there are only three." "Three, Monsieur?" de Grandin asked. "That's right. Trivers, Atkins and Eldridge are dead. I'm still here, and you and Doctor Trowbridge--" "Your figures are at fault, my friend. You forget we are physicians, and your narrative was given us in confidence." "But see here," I asked as the silence lengthened, "what is there about all this to make you want to kill yourself? If you'd been grown men when you joined these Devil-worshippers it would have been more serious, but college boys are always in some sort of mischief, and this all happened twenty years ago. You say you are sincerely sorry for it, and after all, the leaders in the movement died, so--" Balderson broke through my moraliz- ing with a short, hard laugh. "Men die W. T.--1