DREADFUL SLEEP 311 speaking, through the lips of the wide- eyed, terror-dazed girl. "The Tharshoon brought fearsome weapons: giant needles that poured out terrible red flame. Even their eyes could stare us into--nothingness. And we had none. We had been a people of peace. "The invaders attacked our white cities, overwhelmed them in horror and death. We were without defense, until I, the Seeker, who had long since given up my body on the altar of science, discovered a power that made them sleep. "By that time, it was too late to save my people. They all had perished. But I lived--when rather I had died. I stopped the Tharshoon, in the hour of their vic- tory. And I have stood guard upon them, whom I could not destroy." The half-chanting voice of Karalee-- speaking, I knew, the thoughts of the strange elder being--had become oddly like the piping of Maru-Mora. It was plaintively sorrowful, weary with age-old loneliness, piercing with a yearning be- yond words. "The world has changed its axis. The ice has come to bind the sleepers more securely. Your race of man has risen from the northern jungle beasts. And still I wait and watch. . . . And the Thar- shoon shall not wake!" However amazing that scrap of Earth- history, it was, in my singular mental state, somehow credible. I knew Antarc- tica had once been tropical; it is rich with coal seams; our survey had revealed a rich Jurassic fossil flora of ferns, conifers and cycads, within fifty miles of the pole; I was familiar with the various theories of axial shift and continental drift. For the rest of it, the hideous forms of the invaders and the Seeker's exotic beauty were here before my eyes. Yes, I accepted it without question, then. And the ray of understanding merely increased my shocked and reeling dread. Maru-Mora was piping again, and the girl said anxiously: "Come. We must return. Maru-Mora's strength is low. Should it fail, we all must perish." For myself, I was eager to escape. The green mist of ice was suddenly crushing, suffocating. And I was sick from the overwhelming horror of that ship and its monstrous crew. But the tiny golden fingers tightened on my hand, and the girl's. We left the black ridge beside that vessel from "Be- yond," drove upward through the mala- chite haze of the ice. We swept over the glaciers again, toward the towering black range and the time-battered summit where the purple pylon stood. I glimpsed the girl's body waiting, rigid in its furs--not a muscle had moved since we left. Then we were beside it, and there was but one Karalee. Blue with cold, shuddering, she began beating her mittened hands stiffly against her sides. The Seeker piped again, and she turned to me, gasping: "You have seen them, now, Ron Dun- bar. The eternal Sleepers--if they are waked, your world will die! Let them sleep--do not try to thaw the ice--and don't come back again." "But I am coming back." I tugged toward her, against the strange strength of Maru-Mora's hand. "For I love you, Karalee." The shivering girl started toward me, eagerly. But the eery voice of Maru-Mora stopped her. The white oval of her face went starkly rigid. Her wide blue eyes turned dark with dread. "No, Ron, don't come back!" she sobbed. "For you will die, and I, and all the world--" The Seeker piped again, imperatively. The girl turned slowly, as if in reluctant