  MOTHER OF TOADS 87    erence for him. Remembering certain admonitory gibes, more witty than decent, the boy flushed angrily as he turned to go.  "Stay," insisted Mère Antoinette. "The fog is cold on the marshes; and it thick- ens apace. I knew that you were coming, and I have mulled for you a goodly meas- ure of the red wine of Ximes."  She removed the lid from an earthen pitcher and poured its steaming contents into a large cup. The purplish-red wine creamed delectably, and an odor of hot, delicious spices filled the hut, overpower- ing the less agreeable odors from the simmering cauldron, the half-dried newts, vipers, bat-wings and evil, nauseous herbs hanging on the walls, and the reek of the black candles of pitch and corpse-tallow that burned always, by noon or night, in that murky interior.  "I'll drink it," said Pierre, a little grudgingly; "that is, if it contains noth- ing of your own concoction."  "'Tis naught but sound wine, four seasons old, with spices of Arabia," the sorceress croaked ingratiatingly. "'Twill warm your stomach . . . and . . ." She added something inaudible as Pierre ac- cepted the cup.  Before drinking, he inhaled the fumes of the beverage with some caution but was reassured by its pleasant smell. Sure- ly it was innocent of any drug, any philtre brewed by the witch: for, to his knowl- edge, her preparations were all evil- smelling.  Still, as if warned by some premoni- tion, he hesitated. Then he remembered that the sunset air was indeed chill; that mists had gathered furtively behind him as he came to Mère Antoinette's dwell- ing. The wine would fortify him for the dismal return walk to Les Hiboux. He quaffed it quickly and set down the cup.  "Truly, it is good wine," he declared. "But I mu[s]t go now."     Even as he spoke, he felt in his stomach and veins the spreading warmth of the alcohol, of the spices . . . of something more ardent than these. It seemed that his voice was unreal and strange, falling as if from a height above him. The warmth grew, mounting within him like a golden flame fed by magic oils. His blood, a seething torrent, poured tumul- tuously and more tumultuously through his members.  There was a deep soft thundering in his ears, a rosy dazzlement in his eyes. Somehow the hut appeared to expand, to change luminously about him. He hardly recognized its squalid furnishings, its lit- ter of baleful oddments, on which a tor- rid splendor was shed by the black can- dles, tipped with ruddy fire, that towered and swelled gigantically into the soft gloom. His blood burned as with the throbbing flame of the candles.  It came to him, for an instant, that all this was a questionable enchantment, a glamor wrought by the witch's wine. Fear was upon him and he wished to flee. Then, close beside him, he saw Mère Antoinette.  Briefly he wondered why he had thought her old and gross and repulsive: for it seemed that he looked upon Lilith, the first witch. . . . The lumpish limbs and body had grown voluptuous; the pale, thick-lipped mouth enticed him with a promise of ampler kisses than other mouths could yield. He knew why the magic warmth mounted ever higher and hotter within him. . . .  "Do you like me now, my little one?" she questioned. . . .   PIERRE awoke in the ashy dawn, when the tall black tapers had dwindled down and had melted limply in their sockets. Sick and confused, he sought vainly to remember where he was or    