134 WEIRD TALES other curtains cutting off the back part of the building from view. The dim room was jammed with tables crowded with patrons whose babel of tongues made an unceasing din, to which a three-string guitar somewhere added a wailing under- tone. The waiters were dark-skinned and tiger-footed Malays, while the patrons seemed drawn from every nation east and west. Ennis' glazed eyes saw dandified Chi- nese from Limehouse and Pennyfields, dark little Levan tins from Soho, rough- looking Cockneys in shabby caps, a few crazily laughing blacks. From sly white faces, taut brown ones and impassive yel- low ones came a dozen different lan- guages. The air was thick with queer food-smells and the acrid smoke. Campbell had selected a table near the back curtain, and now stridently ordered one of the Malay waiters to bring gin. He leaned forward with an oily smile to the drunken-looking Ennis, and spoke to him in a wheedling undertone. "Don't look for a minute, but that's Chandra Dass over in the corner, and he's watching us," he said. Ennis shook his clutching hand away. "Damned old shark!" he muttered again. He turned his swaying head slowly, letting his eyes rest a moment on the man in the corner. That man was looking straight at him. Chandra Dass was tall, dressed in spot- less white from his shoes to the turban on his head. The white made his dark, im- passive, aquiline face stand out in chis- eled relief. His eyes were coal-black, large, coldly searching, as they met Ennis' bleared gaze. Ennis felt a strange chill as he met those eyes. There was something alien and unhuman, something uncannily dis- turbing, behind the Hindoo's stare. He turned his gaze vacantly from Chandra Dass to the black curtains at the rear, and then back to his companion. The silent Malay waiter had brought the liquor, and Campbell pressed a glass toward his companion. " 'Ere, matey, take this." "Don't want it," muttered Ennis, pushing it away. Still in the same mutter, he added, "If Ruth's here, she's some- where in the back there. I'm going back and find out." "Don't try it that way, for God's sake!'' said Campbell in the wheedling undertone. "Chandra Dass is still watch- ing, and those Malays would be on you in a minute. Wait until I give the word. "All right, then," Campbell added in a louder, injured tone. "If you don't want it, I'll drink it myself." He tossed off the glass of gin and set the glass down on the table, looking at his drunken companion with righteous indignation. "Think I'm tryin' to bilk yer, eh?" he added. "That's a fine way to treat a pal!" He added in the coaxing lower tone, "AH right, I'm going to try it. Be ready to move when I light my cigarette." He fished a soiled package of Gold Flakes from his pocket and put one in his mouth. Ennis waited, every muscle taut. The inspector, his red, oily face still injured in expression, struck a match to his cigarette. Almost at once there was a loud oath from one of the shabby loungers outside the front of the build- ing, and the sound of angry voices and blows. The patrons of Chandra Dass looked toward the door, and one of the Malay waiters went hastily out to quiet the fight. But it grew swiftly, sounded in a mo- ment like a small riot. Crash--someone was pushed through the front window. The excited patrons pressed toward the front. Chandra Dass pushed through