Weird Story Reprint Leonora By EVERIL WORRELL    I AM writing this because I shall not long be able to write it. Why does one long for the understand- ing and sympathy of his fellow beings --long to have that, even after the worst has befallen and he has gone from this life to that which awaits him? How many bottles laden with last mes- sages float on lonely, unknown ocean surges, or sink to the bottom of the sea?  It will be so with this, my last mes- sage. That is, it will be uncredited, un- believed, uncomprehended, although it will doubtless be read. But I have told my story many times, and heard them say that I am mad. I know they will say that, after I am gone--gone from behind these bars into the horrors of the fate that will overtake my spirit somewhere out in the open spaces and the blackness of night into which it will go. He will be there, one of the shad- ows that lurk in old cemeteries and sweep across lonely roads where the winds moan and wander homeless and hopeless across the waste spaces of the earth from dusk till dawn. Dawn!     But I will tell my story for the last time.  Even now, my years are those of a young girl. I am only seventeen, and they say I have been mad more than a year. When I was sixteen, my eyes were bright and my cheeks red with a color that did not come off when I washed my face. I lived in the country, and I was an old-fashioned girl in many ways. I roamed freely over the coun- tryside, and my wanderings were shared by my only close friend, or else were lonely. The name of my friend was Margaret. Mine was Leonora.  The two of us lived only a quarter of a mile apart, and between us ran a lonely little road crossed by another like it. Our parents believed that it was safe for us, or for any child, to traverse this road between our houses alone at any hour. We had done it from our youngest days. It should have been safe, for we were far from cities, and malefactors of any sort were utterly unknown in our secluded part of the country. There were disadvantages attendant on living in such isolation, but there were advantages, too. Mar-   From WEIRD TALES for January, 1927.  627