302 WEIRD TALES "Thanks, Ron," she said. Doctor Bell will pick you up at seven." Meriden Bell--old "Merry" Bell! I was eager to see him, and yet dreaded the encounter. I had known him well when he worked at the Foundation, be- fore the terrible events that shattered his career and estranged him from the world. His genius had been a flame in him, in the old days. Radiant good spirits had sparkled in his eyes. I knew that things were different, now. I had hardly seen him for two years, but the outline of his tragedy was familiar to me: it is part of the blackest chapter in American history. Three years before, a day came back to me when I had called on Bell in his biological laboratory at the Foundation, which then occupied a gray old building at the edge of the Jersey meadows. Hard- ing had already hinted that Bell's bac- teriological research was the greatest of the century, but I was nevertheless sur- prized. All that long-past summer afternoon came back: the air in the laboratory a little stuffy, unpleasant with a vague odor of formaldehyde; the north light gleam- ing on microscopes, incubators, centri- fuges, and specimen jars; Bell, a tall blue- eyed man, young and slender in labora- tory white, eagerly busy over a spectro- scope. He came to meet me, turned to point dramatically at a test-tube that held a few drops of an amber fluid. "My triumph, Ron!" Eager elation rang in his low voice. "That is my Cult- ture V 13--the perfect bacteriophage! It is a filterable virus that will destroy any living thing, any bacterium, any malig- nant organism. When I have developed the control--a specific protection for the cells of the human body--it can eradi- cate all disease!" "All disease!" Awed by the might of this slender man's genius, perhaps a little incredulous before his sudden promise of universal health, I reached out gingerly to touch the tube in its rack. Bell swiftly caught my arm, and: "Don't!" his tense voice warned. "If one drop touched you, Ron--or the mil- lionth of a drop--nothing could save you! Nothing--until I have developed the specific control." I turned somewhat apprehensively-- for those few brown drops seemed sud- denly more terrible than all the blizzards of Antarctica--and came face to face with the most dreadful man I have ever seen. 2. Five Against the Ice DREADFUL--no other word so fits that human monstrosity. Wearing a stained laboratory smock, he stood less than five feet tall. His back was horribly hunched, and his great gnarled hands slung forward like the limbs of a gorilla. Beneath sleek black hair, his face was a yellow, V-shaped mask. His eyes, set deep beneath dense, bushy dark brows that sloped to make a smaller V, were black also--and his most appalling fea- ture. They held me, his eyes, in a sort of shrinking fascination, because they were --hideous. One was oddly red-flecked around the contracted pupil, with an evil, glittering red. The other was strangely dilated, a fearsome inscrutable midnight orb that seemed to have no iris. Those dark, mismated eyes were fixed on the yellow liquid in the tube with an intensity somehow terrifying. Beneath the ugly blankness of the yellow, pointed face I sensed a sinister storm of sup- pressed emotion: a mad black yearning, a bitter, burning hatred, a savage and tri- umphant gloating. I started back, appalled as if some bot- tomless crevasse had abruptly snapped