THE THING ON THE FLOOR 293 arms, his great chest heaved gulpingly; only the snaky brightness in his darting ebon eyes warned Peters that his tremen- dous brain was thinking, planning, calcu- lating with chain-lightning rapidity. The servant Stepan was only spasmodically struggling. Peters spoke abruptly to Ethredge. "When Mary comes someone will have to admit her. Can you keep this devil covered while I go to the door?" Ethredge, crouching across the serv- ant's chest, his knees crushing the man's shoulders against the floor, nodded. . . . Silence, rolling on with interminable slowness, gripped the room. Gradually the rattle of Dmitri's breathing was grow- ing quiet; he sat now in his chair like some obscene, waiting idol, his face an undecipherable mask. From beyond the tight-closed door a bell faintly tinkled. Peters edged toward Ethredge, slipped his automatic into the Commissioner's outstretched hand. Then he was gone. . . . Dmitri did not move. A minute passed; to Ethredge it seemed as though all the suspense of myriad ages was bound up in that brief span. Then the door re-opened and Peters, followed by Mary Roberts, re-entered the room. Mary's fair, oval face was a composite of bewilderment and apprehension; in the instant that she glimpsed the tableau within the room her slender body trembled violently and the color drained from her face, leaving it white as new paper. But then her straight, strong young spine stiffened and her firm little jaw set hard. Pale though she was, she glanced inquiringly at Eth- redge. "Charles--" she whispered. Shakily, Ethredge smiled. He nodded toward Dmitri, bloated, swollen, hud- dled inscrutably in his chair. "I'll have to tell you--now, Mary," he said slowly, "Try to understand. On the night that you came here with Helen Stacey-Forbes, Dmitri ensnared you. He cast a--spell over you. We have come here, we have asked you to come here-- we are going to force him to release you." Mary, staring at her sweetheart, was frowning. Almost musingly she spoke. "I have had--terrible dreams," she said, her voice low, "dreams in which he told me to do--strange things; dreams in which I--obeyed him. But I believed that they were only nightmares. And yet, though I loathed him, I know that I have surrendered to the strangest im- pulse to ask others to come here with me --Mrs. Arthur Leeds--" Ethredge's eyes, as he glanced at Dmitri, were suddenly cruel. Then, gent- ly, he spoke again to Mary. "We must free you now, free you from Dmitri--for ever. But Peters believes that you will have to go, once more, be- neath his spell." For a long moment Mary stood there quiet. Then, the words barely audible, she breathed, "Very well, Charles. I am ready." Peters, who until this moment had been standing, hands in his jacket pockets, with his back against the door, advanced into the room, stooped for the automatic in Ethredge's outstretched hand, and dropped into one of the row of chairs that faced Dmitri's huge table. "Very well, Dmitri," he said, gestur- ing significantly with the automatic, "let us waste no more time. Proceed, and understand clearly, that if you attempt to trick me I will certainly kill you." Briefly the men's eyes met and clashed. Then, with surprizing suddenness, Dmitri rolled his flaccid shoulders in an expres- sive, acquiescent shrug; his loose lips split in a good-humored leer. "Shall I confess that I am beaten, then?" he asked affably. "Yes, let it be so; I begin to believe that I have, in any