372 WEIRD TALES    such proceedings on the part of a regius professor of the ancient university of Keinplatz. They had still more to whis- per about afterward, for the learned man cracked the kellner's crown, and kissed the bar-maid behind the kitchen door.  "Gentlemen," said the professor, stand- ing up, albeit somewhat totteringly, at the end of the table, and balancing his high, old-fashioned wine-glass in his bony hand, "I must now explain to you what is the cause of this festivity."  "Hear! hear!" roared the students, hammering their beer-glasses against the table; "a speech, a speech--silence for a speech!"  "The fact is, my friends," said the pro- fessor, beaming through his spectacles, "I hope very soon to be married."  "Married?" cried a student, bolder than the others. "Is Madam dead, then?"  "Madam who?"  "Why, Madam von Baumgarten, of course."  "Ha, ha!" laughed the professor; "I can see, then, that you know all about my former difficulties. No, she is not dead, but I have reason to believe that she will not oppose my marriage."  "That is very accommodating of her," remarked one of the company.  "In fact," said the professor, "I hope that she will now be induced to aid me in getting a wife. She and I never took to each other very much; but now I hope all that may be ended, and when I marry she will come and stay with me."  "What a happy family!" exclaimed some wag.  "Yes, indeed; and I hope you will come to my wedding, all of you. I won't mention names, but here is to my little bride!" and the professor waved his glass in the air.  "Here's to his little bride!" roared the roysterers, with shouts of laughter. "Here's her health. Sie soll leben--      hoch!" And so the fun waxed still more fast and furious, while each young fellow followed the professor's example, and drank a toast to the girl of his heart.   While all this festivity had been go- ing on at the Gruner Mann, a very different scene had been enacted else- where. Young Fritz von Hartmann, with a solemn face and a reserved manner, had, after the experiment, consulted and adjusted some mathematical instruments; after which, with a few peremptory words to the janitors, he had walked out into the street and wended his way slowly in the direction of the house of the profes- sor. As he walked he saw von Althaus, the professor of anatomy, in front of him, and quickening his pace he overtook him.  "I say, von Althaus," he exclaimed, tapping him on the sleeve, "you were asking me for some information the other day concerning the middle coat of the cerebral arteries. Now I find--"  "Donnerwetter!" shouted von Althaus, who was a peppery old fellow. "What the deuce do you mean by your imperti- nence? I'll have you up before the Aca- demical Senate for this, sir;" with which threat he turned on his heel and hurried away.  Von Hartmann was much surprized at this reception. "It's on account of this failure of my experiment," he said to himself, and continued moodily on his way.  Fresh surprizes were in store for him, however. He was hurrying along when he was overtaken by two students. These youths, instead of raising their caps or showing any other sign of respect, gave a wild whoop of delight the instant that they saw him, and rushing at him, seized him by each arm and commenced drag- ging him along with them.  "Gott in Himmel!" roared von Hart- mann, "What is the meaning of this un-