332 WEIRD TALES   In the instantaneous upward leap of the flower-tipped limbs Smith fought like a demon to free his gun-hand from the gripping coils. For the first time Thag knew rebellion in his very clutches, and the ecstasy of that music which had dinned in Smith's ears so strongly that by now it seemed almost silence was swooping down a long arc into wrath, and the branches tightened with hot in- sistency, lifting the rebellious offering into Thag's monstrous, indescribable bulk.  But even as they rose, Smith was twist- ing in their clutch to maneuver his hand into a position from which he could blast that undulant tree trunk into nothing- ness. He knew intuitively the futility of firing up into Thag's imponderable mass. Thag was not of the world he knew; the flame blast might well be harmless to that mighty hoverer in the twilight. But at the Tree's root, where Thag's essen- tial being merged from the imponderable to the material, rooting in earthly soil, he should be vulnerable if he were vul- nerable at all. Struggling in the tight, hot coils, breathing the nameless essence of horror, Smith fought to free his hand.  The music that had rung so long in his ears was changing as the branches lifted him higher, losing its melody and merging by swift degrees into a hum of vast and vibrant power that deepened in intensity as the limbs drew him upward into Thag's monstrous bulk, the singing force of a thing mightier than any dynamo ever built. Blinded and dazed by the force thundering through every atom of his body, he twisted his hand in one last, convulsive effort, and fired.  He saw the flame leap in a dazzling gush straight for the trunk below. It struck. He heard the sizzle of annihilated matter. He saw the trunk quiver con- vulsively from the very roots, and the      whole fabulous Tree shook once with an ominous tremor. But before that tremor could shiver up the branches to him the hum of the living dynamo which was closing round his body shrilled up arcs of pure intensity into a thundering silence.  Then without a moment's warning the world exploded. So instantaneously did all this happen that the gun-blast's roar had not yet echoed into silence before a mightier sound than the brain could bear exploded outward from the very center of his own being. Before the awful power of it everything reeled into a shaken oblivion. He felt himself falling. . . .   A QUEER, penetrating light shining upon his closed eyes roused Smith by degrees into wakefulness again. He lifted heavy lids and stared upward into the unwinking eye of Mars' racing nearer moon. He lay there blinking dazedly for a while before enough of memory re- turned to rouse him. Then he sat up painfully, for every fiber of him ached, and stared round on a scene of the wild- est destruction. He lay in the midst of a wide, rough circle which held nothing but powdered stone. About it, rising rag- gedly in the moving moonlight, the blocks of time-forgotten Illar loomed.  But they were no longer piled one upon another in a rough travesty of the city they once had shaped. Some force mightier than any of man's explosives seemed to have hurled them with such violence from their beds that their very atoms had been disrupted by the force of it, crumbling them into dust. And in the very center of the havoc lay Smith, unhurt.  He stared in bewilderment about the moonlight ruins. In the silence it seemed to him that the very air still quivered in