352 WEIRD TALES    ping of blue sparks. The woman top- pled sidewise, shriveling and withering like a mummy even as she fell.  Valeria rolled from the altar on the other side, and started for the opposite wall on all fours. For hell had burst loose in the throneroom of dead Olmec.  The man who had held Valeria's hands was the next to die. He turned to run, but before he had taken half a dozen steps, Tolkemec, with an agility appalling in such a frame, bounded around to a position that placed the man between him and the altar. Again the red fire-beam flashed and the Tecuhltli rolled lifeless to the floor, as the beam completed its course with a burst of blue sparks against the altar.  Then began slaughter. Screaming in- sanely the people rushed about the cham- ber, caroming from one another, stum- bling and falling. And among them Tolkemec capered and pranced, dealing death. They could not escape by the doors; for apparently the metal of the portals served like the metal-veined stone altar to complete the circuit for whatever hellish power flashed like thunderbolts from the witch-wand the ancient waved in his hand. When he caught a man or a woman between him and a door or the altar, that one died instantly. He chose no special victim. He took them as they came, with his rags flapping about his wildly gyrating limbs, and the gusty echoes of his tittering sweeping the room above the screams. And bodies fell like falling leaves about the altar and at the doors. One warrior in desperation rushed at him, lifting a dagger, only to fall be- fore he could strike. But the rest were like crazed cattle, with no thought for re- sistance, and no chance of escape.  The last Tecuhltli except Tascela had fallen when the princess reached the Cimmerian and the girl who had taken refuge beside him. Tascela bent      and touched the floor, pressing a design upon it. Instantly the iron jaws released the bleeding limb and sank back into the floor.  "Slay him if you can!" she panted, and pressed a heavy knife into his hand. "I have no magic to withstand him!"  With a grunt he sprang before the women, not heeding his lacerated leg in the heat of the fighting-lust. Tolkemec was coming toward him, his weird eyes ablaze, but he hesitated at the gleam of the knife in Conan's hand. Then began a grim game, as Tolkemec sought to circle about Conan and get the barbarian be- tween him and the altar or a metal door, while Conan sought to avoid this and drive home his knife. The women watched tensely, holding their breath.  There was no sound except the rustle and scrape of quick-shifting feet. Tolke- mec pranced and capered no more. He realized that grimmer game confronted him than the people who had died screaming and fleeing. In the elemental blaze of the barbarian's eyes he read an intent deadly as his own. Back and forth they weaved, and when one moved the other moved as if invisible threads bound them together. But all the time Conan was getting closer and closer to his enemy. Already the coiled muscles of his thighs were beginning to flex for a spring, when Valeria cried out. For a fleeting instant a bronze door was in line with Conan's moving body. The red line leaped, searing Conan's flank as he twist- ed aside, and even as he shifted he hurled the knife. Old Tolkemec went down, truly slain at last, the hilt vibrating on his breast.   TASCELA sprang--not toward Conan, but toward the wand where it shim- mered like a live thing on the floor. But as she leaped, so did Valeria, with a dag- ger snatched from a dead man, and the   W. T.--6