THE STRANGLING HANDS 197 "But in a hospital bed," I said, "from a known disease." "He died of strangulation, just as though the fingers of a priest of Nyi had been at his throat. He died at seven minutes after midnight on the seventh day of the seventh month." "Good lord, Tony! I refuse to listen to that sort of rot. Bobby's death was tragic enough without having your mor- bid interpretations. Tell me what you want me to do, and I'll do it, but I won't be drawn into admitting the possible power of a baseless superstition." "Milroy died in July of '27. Two months before that my book had come off the press. That's why 'Cheeky' was the third to die--because Milroy, dis- gusted with you and me, had willed the collection to him." He fingered a salt- cellar to steady his trembling fingers. "In July of '28, just a year ago, the press got word from South America that a Persian, Hadji Cheekh ol-Molk, who had been with the Clark-Milroy Expedition, had been murdered--done to death by 'person or persons unknown.'" "'Cheeky' had enemies," I reminded him. "Yes, and he had the sacred stone of Nyi." "That's beyond the point--mere co- incidence." "Very well. But 'Cheeky' had the eye; remember that. He was in an open two- seater plane flying from Rio to Victoria. The pilot swore he left the port the sec- ond 'Cheeky' had entered the cockpit be- hind him. Later, when the audiorities badgered him, he changed the 'I know' to 'I think.' 'Cheeky' was dead when they landed--strangled to death, and no landings had been made. It was obvious he had been murdered before the plane left Rio at midnight. I thought so, too-- last July. But now-" His voice trailed off into nothingness. THE man's persistence was getting on my nerves. "That's what you think." "That's what I know--now. 'Cheeky' left no will. His personal junk went to some relatives; Captain Clark's collection was sent on to me, because of the book. That's why you may be glad you never got the chance I stole from you." "Don't be a damn fool, Tony!" "The Eye is here now, in a safe in my room. And the month is July. It's the sixth day. After midnight it will be the seventh." "There's absolutely no connection be- tween what you've been telling me and that stone. Coincidence, I'll admit, but anything else is pure bunk." "So I thought a week ago. But each night since then-" He looked around and then continued in a low, rapid voice. "The first night they came no nearer than the far side of the room." "What came?" "The hands" -- impatiently -- "the hands of a priest of Bhan-Guru. They were black, and the blue light made them shine like liquid jet. The nails were bluish green like the stone. They were there for perhaps a half-minute. Then I turned on the light and looked at the time. It was seven minutes after mid- night." He gave a convulsive shudder and went on, "The next night I waited up for them. At seven after twelve they were there again; this time within six feet of where I sat. And the next night and the next night I waited for them and always they were there and always a little nearer, and when I turned on the light it was always seven minutes after midnight. The fifth night I could reach out to where they were, but my hand touched