624 WEIRD TALES   As I lay still with closed eyes, free to ponder, many things I had lightly noted in the frescoes came back to me with new and terrible significance-- scenes representing the nameless city in its heyday, the vegetation of the valley around it, and the distant lands with which its merchants traded. The alle- gory of the crawling creatures puzzled me by its universal prominence, and I wondered that it should be so closely followed in a pictured history of such importance. In the frescoes the name- less city had been shown in proportions fitted to the reptiles. I wondered what its real proportions and magnificence had been, and reflected a moment on certain oddities I had noticed in the ruins. I thought curiously of the low- ness of the primal temples and of the underground corridor, which were doubtless hewn thus out of deference to the reptile deities there honored; though it perforce reduced the worship- pers to crawling. Perhaps the very rites here involved a crawling in imita- tion of the creatures. No religious theory, however, could easily explain why the level passage in the awesome descent should be as low as the temples --or lower, since one could not even kneel in it. As I thought of the crawl- ing creatures, whose hideous mummi- fied forms were so close to me, I felt a new throb of fear. Mental associations are curious, and I shrank from the idea that except for the poor primitive man torn to picces in the last painting, mine was the only human form amidst the many relics and symbols of primordial life.  But as always in my strange and rov- ing existence, wonder soon drove out fear; for the luminous abyss and what it might contain presented a problem worthy of the greatest explorer. That a weird world of mystery lay far down      that flight of peculiarly small steps I could not doubt, and I hoped to find there those human memorials which the painted corridor had failed to give. The frescoes had pictured unbelievable cities and valleys in this lower realm, and my fancy dwelt on the rich and colossal ruins that awaited me.  MY FEARS, indeed, concerned the past rather than the future. Not even the physical horror of my position in that cramped corridor of dead rep- tiles and antediluvian frescoes, miles below the world I knew and faced by another world of eery light and mist, could match the lethal dread I felt at the abysmal antiquity of the scene and its soul. An ancientness so vast that measurement is feeble seemed to leer down from the primal stones and rock- hewn temples of the nameless city, while the very latest of the astounding maps in the frescoes showed oceans and continents that man has forgotten, with only here and there some vaguely familiar outline. Of what could have happened in the geological ages since the paintings ceased and the death-hat- ing race resentfully succumbed to de- cay, no man might say. Life had once teemed in these caverns and in the luminous realm beyond; now I was alone with vivid relics, and I trembled to think of the countless ages through which these relics had kept a silent, de- serted vigil.  Suddenly there came another burst of that acute fear which had intermit- tently seized me ever since I first saw the terrible valley and the nameless city under a cold moon, and despite my exhaustion I found myself starting frantically to a sitting posture and gaz- ing back along the black corridor to- ward the tunnels that rose to the outer world. My sensations were like those