A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 28 CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1936 Number 3      Cover Design J. Allen St. John   Illustrating a scene in "Isle of the Undead"   Isle of the Undead Lloyd Arthur Eshbach 259   An uncanny tale of the fate that befell a yachting party on the awful island of living dead men   The Lost Temples of Xantoos Howell Calhoun 276   Verse   The Opener of the Way Robert Bloch 277   A tremendous tale of dread doom in a forgotten tomb beneath the desert sands of Egypt   Witch-Burning Mary Elizabeth Counselman 288   Verse   The Lost Door Dorothy Quick 289   An alluring but deadly horror out of past centuries menaced the life of a young American   Doom of the House Duryea Earl Peirce, Jr. 304   A powerful story of stark horror, and the dreadful thing that happened in a lone lodge in the Maine woods   The Tree of Life C. L. Moore 315   A tale of the planes Mars and a terrible monstrosity that called its victims to it from afar   Red Nails (end) Robert E. Howard 334   A three-part serial story of a weird roofed city and the strangest people ever spawned   R. E. H. R. H. Barlow 353   Verse, a tribute to the late Robert E. Howard   The Doors of Death Arthur B. Waltermire 354   A strange and curious story about a banker whos only fear was that he might be buried alive   The Secret of Kralitz Henry Kuttner 361   A story of the shocking revelation that came ot the twenty-first Baron Kralitz   Weird Story Reprint:   The Great Keinplatz Experiment Arthur Conan Doyle 366   A weird-scientific story by the late British writer   The Eyrie 378   Our readers exchange opinions about this magazine     Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada, $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission of the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1936, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITIAN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH  258