THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 345 among them and dropped to the mossy ground. The creature fell craftily silent. Then I felt sudden panic and regret at being left weaponless, and I retreated toward the fire. "Susan," I said huskily, "give me an- other stick. Hurry!" She did not move or stir, and I rum- maged frantically among the heaped dry branches for myself. Catching up the first piece of wood that would serve, I turned to her with worried curiosity. She was still seated upon the cloak- draped root, but she had drawn herself tense, like a cat before a mouse-hole. Her head was thrust forward, so far that her neck extended almost horizontally. Her dilated eyes were turned in the di- rection from which the whining and crooning had come. They had a strange clarity in them, as if they could pierce the twigs and leaves and meet there an answering, understanding gaze. "Susan!" I cried. Still she gave no sign that she heard me, if hear me she did. She leaned far- ther forward, as if ready to spring up and run. Once more the unbeastly wail rose from the place where our watcher was lurking. Susan's lips trembled. From them came slowly and softly, then louder, a long-drawn answering howl. "Aoooooooooooooo! Aoooooooooooo- ooooooo!" The stick almost fell from my hands. She rose, slowly but confidently. Her shoulders hunched high, her arms hung forward as though they wanted to reach to the ground. Again she howled: "Aoooooooooooooooooooo!" I saw that she was going to move across the clearing, toward the trees-- through the trees. My heart seemed to twist into a knot inside me, but I could not let her do such a thing. I made a quick stride and planted myself before her. "Susan, you mustn't!" She shrank back, her face turning slow- ly up to mine. Her back was to the fire, yet light rose in her eyes, or perhaps be- hind them; a green light, such as reflects in still forest pools from the moon. Her hands lifted suddenly, as though to repel me. They were half closed and the crooked fingers drawn stiff, like talons. "Susan!" I coaxed her, yet again, and she made no answer but tried to slip side- wise around me. I moved and headed her off, and she growled -- actually growled, like a savage dog. With my free hand I clutched her shoulder. Under my fingers her flesh was as taut as wire fabric. Then, sud- denly, it relaxed into human tissue again, and she was standing straight. Her eyes had lost their weird light, they showed only dark and frightened. "Talbot," she stammered. "Wh--what have I been doing?" "Nothing, my dear," I comforted her. "It was nothing that we weren't able to fight back." From the woods behind me came a throttling yelp, as of some hungry thing robbed of prey within its very grasp. Susan swayed, seemed about to drop, and I caught her quickly in my arms. Hold- ing her thus, I turned my head and laughed over my shoulder. "Another score against you!" I jeered at my enemy. "You didn't get her, not with all your filthy enchantments!" Susan was beginning to cry, and I half led, half carried her back to the fireside. At my gesture she sat on her cloak again, as tractable as a child who repents of rebellion and tries to be obedient. There were no more sounds from the timber. I could feel an emptiness there, as if the monster had slunk away, baffled.