358 WEIRD TALES    in your stead, that you might still do the good work that you find it in your heart to do, how gladly would I go."  A deep sigh was his only answer.   A LONG silence was finally broken by the sick man. But when he spoke, his voice was so strange and uncanny that the servant hastened close and peered anxiously into the fever-flushed face of the sufferer.  "Hiram--I must tell you--a secret," came in a laborious, almost sepulchral, whisper.  Biggs came closer.  "Bring a chair and sit down. I must talk to you."  As the old servant again leaned for- ward, the sufferer hesitated; then with an obvious effort he began.   "Hiram, I am going to give you some instructions which you must obey to the letter. Will you promise to keep them?"   "I swear it, sir," with great earnest- ness.  "Good! Now, if this fever seals my lips and the doctor pronounces me dead--"  "Please, sir," Biggs broke in, tears streaming down his furrowed cheeks, but his master continued in the same sub- dued voice, "Whatever happens, I am not to be embalmed--do you hear me?-- not embalmed, but just laid away as I am now."  "Yes, sir," in a choked voice, which fully betrayed the breaking heart be- hind it.  "And now, Hiram, the rest of the secret." He paused and beckoned Biggs to lean closer.  "In my vault--in the mausoleum, I have had an electric button installed. That button connects with a silver bell. Lift up that small picture of Napoleon, there upon the wall."  His hands trembling as with the palsy,      Biggs reached out and lifted aside the picture hanging near the head of the bed, and there revealed the silver bell, fitted into a small aperture in the wall. Then, with a sob, he fell back into his chair.  "Hiram"--in a whisper--"after they bury me, you are to sleep in this bed."  With a cry, the old man threw out a horrified, expostulating hand. Catching it feverishly, the banker half raised him- self in bed.  "Don't you understand?" he cried fiercely. "I may not be dead after all. Remember grandfather! And Biggs--if that bell rings, get help--quick!"  Suddenly releasing his hold, McMas- ters fell back limply among the pillows.   ALL through the long night the faith- ful Biggs maintained a sleepless vigil, but the banker lay as immovable as a stone. When the rosy-cheeked dawn came peeping audaciously through the casements, Biggs drew the heavy curtains tightly shut once more.  Not until the doctor's motor whirled away did the patient rouse from his leth- argy.  Apparently strengthened by his deep stupor he spoke, and Biggs stood instant- ly beside him.  "What did the doctor say?"  Biggs hesitated.  "Out with it, I'm no chicken-hearted weakling."  "Nothing much," admitted Biggs, sad- ly. "He only shook his head very gravely."  "He doesn't understand this family malady any more than the old quack who allowed my grandfather to be buried alive," said McMasters almost fiercely.  Biggs shuddered and put a trembling hand to his eyes.  "What ails me, Biggs?" almost plain- tively. "No one knows. This fever has