WEIRD TALES 119 OCCULT WRITER MURDERED BY UNKNOWN GUEST Horrible Crime in Central Square Mystery Surrounds Death of Halpin Chalmers At 9 a. m. today the body of Halpin Chalmers, author and journalist, was found in an empty room above the jewelry store of Smithwick and Isaacs, 24 Central Square. The coroner's investiga- tion revealed that the room had been rented furnished to Mr. Chalmers on May 1, and that he had himself disposed of the furniture a fortnight ago. Chal- mers was the author of several recondite books on occult themes, and a member of the Bibliographic Guild. He formerly re- sided in Brooklyn, New York. At 7 a. m. Mr. L. E. Hancock, who occupies the apartment opposite Chal- mers' room in the Smithwick and Isaacs establishment, smelt a peculiar odor when he opened his door to take in his cat and the morning edition of the Part- ridgeville Gazette. The odor he describes as extremely acrid and nauseous, and he affirms that it was so strong in the vicinity of Chalmers' room that he was obliged to hold his nose when he approached that section of the hall. He was about to return to his own apartment when it occurred to him that Chalmers might have accidentally for- gotten to turn off the gas in his kitchen- ette. Becoming considerably alarmed at the thought, he decided to investigate, and when repeated tappings on Chal- mers' door brought no response he noti- fied the superintendent. The latter opened the door by means of a pass key, and the two men quickly made their way into Chalmers' room. The room was ut- terly destitute of furniture, and Hancock asserts that when he first glanced at the floor his heart went cold within him, Mental Poisoning! Thoughts that Enslave Minds Tortured souls. Human beings whose self- confidence and peace of mind have been torn to shreds by invisible darts--the evil thoughts of others. Can envy, hate and jealousy be pro- jected through space from the mind of another? Do poisoned thoughts, like mysterious rays, reach through the ethereal realms to claim innocent victims? All of us, from day to day and hour to hour, in every walk of life, in every circumstance, are possible victims of mental poisoning, unless we understand its nature, and can quickly recognize its infec- tious innoculation. This FREE Sealed Book Do you know the strangest of all laws in man's body? Man's life, happiness, health, and enjoyment of the things of life depend on his understanding of the working of the human mind. Let the Rosicrucians explain how you may ac- quire an age-old method for mind devel- opment and the proper use of your latest inner powers. If sincere, write for the free sealed book. Address: Scribe F.D.O. The ROSICRUCIANS (AMORC) San Jose, California Save 75% Buy your Drug Sundries, Special- ties, Supplies, Novelties, etc., direct from manufacturer through our Mail-Order Dept. All personal items are mailed postpaid by us to plain sealed package. We have every - thing. Send for FREE, illustrated mail-order catalog. THE N-R MFG. CO. Dept. H-20 Box 353 Hamilton, Ontario WEIRD TALES is on sale the 1st of each month. THE SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND Here is the World's Greatest Collection of Strange and Secret photographs. Here are the weirdest peoples who inhabit the face of the earth. See and read about their curious customs, their startling rites, their mysterious practices. Daring explorers have risked their lives to ob- tain these intimate phphotographs in the most inaccessible corners of the world. Contents Includle: Jungle Photos, Cos- tume Photos, Torture Photos, Female Photos, Fetish Photos, etc. Send at once for the FREE illustrated brochure on the "Secret Museum of Mankind," with specimen photographs from Africa, Asia, Oceania, ect. FREE Illustrated Brochure Metro Publication, Dept. 1906 70 Fifth Ave., New York Name Address