THE CLOVER CLUB · For Every Girl Who Wants More Money · IF you're a girl who wants more money, join the Clover Club--the luckiest, jolliest club for girls that ever existed. Clover Club members are "in clover" just all the time, for the one and only purpose of the organization is to provide spending money for its members. Doesn't that sound delightful! Well, I assure you, the reality is twice as nice as you can possibly imagine. You see, the Clover Club is the daughter of The Delineator, the great woman's magazine, so everything has to he just right. If you could only see the money some of the Clover Club girls are earning! It would convince you, I'm sure, that it's nothing but foolishness to scrimp and save and worry over the pennies when the same effort ex- pended thru the Clover Club would bring in big, silver dollars. The Clover Club is proving such a bles- sing to so many girls, who in the past had to do without the countless things their hearts craved--just because they lacked a little cash. But these girls have discovered that it is no idle invitation that is extended when we say, "Just join the Clover Club then you can earn as much money as you want,"-- there's absolutely no limit, except your own ambition, on the amount you may draw from our "Treasure Box." Don't you want to join this jolly club of Clover Club girls and realize the joy of earning for yourself the things you have so long wished for? There's really never a reason why you should not, for the require- ments for membership have been boiled down and condensed until there are prac- tically no conditions whatever. Age does not matter, nor location, nor lack of busi- ness experience and leisure time--you don't even have to take the Delineator! And there are no dues whatever, now nor later. It doesn't cost you a cent to join-- a postal with your name and address is all that's really necessary. But don't delay joining, for I am sure you'll regret it later if you do. "Jest 'fore Christmas" is the time of times to be a member of our club, for now, if ever, one needs a good plump pocketbook. Besides offering you the opportunity of fattening your purse, the Clover Club gives you from time to time the most delight- ful little "encouragers." Just now it's the daintiest, little souvenir spoon you ever saw--solid silver, rich and heavy, designed especially for us and bearing our lucky four- leaf clover. Amid the leaves and blooms on the reverse side is a dear, little honeybee typifying the "Clover Club," that is "busy" gathering "sweetness" for others. There is no lettering on the spoon except such as is found on all the best silverware--the one word "sterling," which means solid silver the whole world over. Now you girls who haven't yet joined, don't think for a moment it's too late for you, too, to secure a spoon. I haven't been trying to tantalize you with "what might have been, if-" But I do want you to know what a lucky, jolly club the Clover Club really is, so you will apply for member- ship at once and not miss any opportunities. Did you ever "hear tell" of a jollier club? Aren't you going to join us right away now? Please do! Just as soon as I hear from you I'll mail you a copy of our little booklet "The Guide to Moneyville," that will tell you just how any girl who is longing for things money will buy may go about earn- ing that money in a pleasant, dignified way. So if you are wanting to get "into clover," write to me before bedtime to-night. Most cordially yours, Helen Hathaway, Secretary, the Clover Club. Room 21, The Delineator, New York.