672 Adventure ance came from behind, in the form of a club applied smartly to his legs with the injunction to move on. Mr. Bowsun obeyed instantly, but too literally. He moved on the policeman. The city census was in imminent danger of being reduced by one, when a second policeman arrived. Mr. Bowsun explained hurriedly that it would take at least three to arrest him. Bill Bowsun's mental arith- metic was poor. It required five; and each of the five thought that the prisoner was a freak of nature with oaken mauls for hands. Bill Bowsun himself needed repairs, but his wrath was so much greater than his pain that he succeeded in climbing half way over the desk in the station house in his effort to speak to the police lieutenant when that official demanded his name. Alto- gether he behaved so impatiently that at last the entire police garrison became vexed and deposited him in a cell without insist- ing on the ceremony of recording his pedi- gree. A night in cool solitude restored Mr. Bowsun's mind to its normal lucidity. When he was haled forth in the morning, he gave his name as John Smith, landsman, a deep device to keep his identity secret from a prying Government. Later in the tragic day he had to listen to a police court justice who spoke with extraordinary free- dom; and then, outwardly a dead calm but inwardly a hurricane, he hoisted from his hold a roll of cherished bills and paid a fine that left him financially dismasted. Captain Moses had spent a grievous night searching for his Mate and partner. It was a moral mustard on the raw surface of his anguish when he beheld Mr. Bowsun's dismantled condition and heard his story. United by a great passion, they conversed brokenly of the great disasters that they longed to purvey to Miss Grool and to Henry. It was a merciful thought of an other- wise thoughtless Providence that sent them something to change their train of reflec- tions. Providence's agent had a dark, richly-colored face of mahogany, and bow legs. In hull he was modeled like Mr. Bow- sun, with a broad, bluff bow and immense beam and counter. But he had a merry eye that rolled with gleeful recollection of jokes past and with gleeful anticipation of jokes to come, whereas Mr. Bowsun's fine eye looked fixedly into gloom. "Ship ahoy!" roared he, rolling to the gangway. "This is the A. B. Hawser, Mas- ter, retired. Tumble up, ye lubbers, tum- ble up!" Captain Moses and Mr. Bowsun tumbled up and led their guest into the cabin where Captain Moses produced a bottle and glasses. "No, thank you," said Hawser, Master, firmly. He held out his glass and looked at it with surprise when he found that Captain Moses had poured liquor into it. With a sigh he drank it off, and settled himself to listen while Captain Moses and Mr. Bowsun told him the tale of their griefs. At certain passionate scenes he shook with feeling that he tried to suppress. He shook for a decidedly long period after they had concluded. "Well, well!" said he. "Funny how--no, never mind. Drop Henry for a while, and let's get down to business. I've got a cargo for ye, shipmates--not common cargo, either. Freight and passengers, and me-- I'll go along. I'm going along as a matter of business, but," and he shook again and slapped Bill Bowsun joyfully on the back, "ding me! I'd go along even if I had to pay my passage, just to--to see something." "What's the something?" inquired Mr. Bowsun, viewing Mr. Hawser pessimistic- ally. "Your face, Bill, when you see the pas- sengers!" roared Mr. Hawser, slapping Mr Bowsun's back with a stroke like a deck- hatch falling. The Mate' edged away. He and Captain Moses looked questioningly at their merry friend, retired. He, however, seemed sud- denly far away. He was sitting in deep reflection, his eye fixed thoughtfully at his empty glass. Captain Moses reached for the bottle. "Fill it up good, Cap'n Moses," said Mr. Bowsun with solicitous hospitality, "fill it up good, so's Cap'n Hawser won't have to pass his glass so of'en." Captain Hawser drained the glass. He smacked his lips. He drew7 forth a handker- chief not quite half as large as a mainsail and wiped his mouth. Then a sudden thought appeared to strike him. "What did you mean by that remark just now, Bill?" he demanded. "Mean?" asked Bill. "Mean? Why, Cap'n Hawser, I only meant to give ye rum as fast as you can drink it. Least-