Dixie Pasha by Thomas P. Byron THE faith of an Arab is endless, so they believed him; for he had a pale luster in his eye that might have been the fire of the desert moonlight on the nights that he had watched and prayed alone in the mountains, and his voice had a deep, tremulous sob that made the flesh of men quiver and their hearts to burn. These were his words: "I bear the name of the Prophet and I am a Hadgi of the brotherhood of the Der- kaoua. For seven years have I lived alone in abstinence and prayer on the mountain called the Ksar of the Spirits where many among you have seen me. There I have spoken with Allah, who is the one God, and with Mohammed, who is His Prophet. "I bring to the children of Islam the mes- sage that they shall repent from their sins and smite the Roumi and drive him from the land even as far as Ai'n-Sefra where they must tarry until Allah the one God and Mohammed His Prophet make known their further will through me--Mohammed Jeb- bour. "Such is the command of the Most High, and in His name I proclaim the Holy War. There is no God but God, and Mohammed is His Prophet." It was in the month of Ramadan of the thirteen-hundred and twenty-sixth year of the Hegira that Mohammed Jebbour preached the jehad in the oasis of Bou- Denib by the River Guir in the heart of Morocco. The Moors believed; for it was written that a prophet should come out of the wilder- ness to lead Islam to its own again, and his words fanned to a blaze the fanaticism and lust for spoil that smoldered in their breasts. So the word went through the desert on the wings of the sirocco, and the oases sent their men to Bou-Denib--even from the farthest ksars of Tafilet. And all who heard believed, for Mohammed Jebbour was an orator, and they gave him gold and fast camels with silken palanquins and stal- lions whose manes and tails swept the ground, and they raked the desert over for beauty for his harem--and " Bel-hakk " the Holy One was well paid for the seven years of fast that he had spent in the Djebel-Roh praying to Allah for the sins and sons of Islam. The news came to the outlying oasis of Oudaghir, and the Ouled Abdul Kerin, stal- wart desert-robbers who preyed on the cara- vans of all--even the Roumi and the phan- tom Touareg, sent a hundred men on swift meharis to fight for the true faith and for spoil. And these, pushing haughtily through the faithful to the very feet of the Hadgi, heard and believed also. Among them was a very tall, very black negro whose face was scarred by four deep 653