570 Adventure Spain, and returned, bringing with him his only daughter, who, after her mother's death, had been reared and educated in Seville. It is not surprising that she found little happiness in this isolated valley. She was a splendid woman, and her superiority of blood and training was at once and uni- versally recognized by the inhabitants of this half-wild land. None of the young rancheros was bold enough to lay siege to her heart, and the 'Lady Isola,' as she was usually called, passed many lonely days. "Tigre Palladis was a gambler, a robber, and many times a homicide. He was born to his estate of lawlessness. His mother was a Spanish-Indian half-blood, his father an American adventurer of the worst type, who was killed while Tigre was a babe. Possibly it was because of his father's igno- minious death that the boy always bore his mother's name. "The young devil grew into a marvelous physical manhood. Indeed, he was the handsomest animal I ever saw--very tall, of an exceedingly powerful build, and with a lightness and impetuosity of movement that indicated immense vital force. Dark of face and dark of heart he was, as all who knew him knew, yet there was something in his contemptuous defiance of lawful restraint, and in his measureless strength and light- ning-like energy of action in emergency, that aroused enough of hero-worship in the hearts of the half-wild people of the valley to have spared him long and to have shield- ed him from the vengeance earned by many a desperate deed, had he not chanced to meet the Lady Isola. "The love that flamed in his volcanic heart did not illuminate his reason. It did not counsel patience, reformation of charac- ter, abandonment of lawless ventures, and subjugation of his turbulent spirit, but seemed rather to multiply his activities and to increase the violence of his temperament. Had the lady accepted his attentions or even yielded the fine courtesy she gave to the poorest peon upon her father's ranch, it might have been better for her and for him at the last. But she seemed both to scorn and to fear him. She would neither receive him in her home nor walk abroad when he was in the vicinity. "I knew Nunez Pico well. His was the loftiest soul I ever hope to find on earth. The prayer of his distressed child to be per- mitted to return to Spain moved him deeply, but he refused to believe that danger threat- ened her, and he could not bear to part with her. In the simple sincerity of his nature he sought the disturber of his home and pleaded with him to leave his daughter in peace. But the passionate idolater would give no promise and swore that his love should yield to no earthly bar. "However, after this interview, Tigre left the valley and was heard of in Mexico. Pico believed the trouble ended. Not so the Lady Isola. It was plain that her dis- tress was unabated. She clung to the house, not venturing into the fine garden that lay between her window and the river, forsaking her loved hammock on the wide eastern porch, and pacing the long hall with a nervous step. In her dilated eyes one could mark the panic of her soul. "A month after Tigre's departure I visited Pico. Never before had I seen the garden so beautiful. The intense heat of the after- noon failed at sunset, and the full moon rose in cloudless beauty beyond the crenelated wall of the Canille Mountains. The air was delicious in its clearness and serenity. So great was the temptation to escape the stifling heat, still retained by the rooms, that Isola yielded to her father's request and mine, and came out upon the east porch and sat for an hour listening to our talk, but ta- king no part therein "The soft moonlight fell over her like a veil. It seemed more to conceal than to re- veal her. It dimmed the traces of sorrow and softened the unnatural luminosity of her eyes. She was very beautiful and, as I watched her face from my position in the shadow of the great clematis vine, her ex- pression of hopelessness and terror was al- most unbearable. I was younger then than now, and, as I said, Isola Pico was very beautiful. "Moving my seat into the light, I looked across the silent garden and little shining river to the highlands beyond. In the sil- very glory the landscape came out like a cameo. The garden seemed alert and watch- ing with a thousand eyes. Beyond the gar- den the slender river gleamed in its stony bed. Wasted by the Summer's heat, it was too weak to grieve. In the lowland beyond the river a space of alfalfa ran to the first swell of the foot-hills. Upon the plain at the base of the Use, a great rock, deeply im- bedded in the earth, and rising fifty feet above the surface, was all in shadow; but, as