710 Adventure For the first time in ten hours a grin spread itself over the strangler's face. "He's the limit!" he growled, admiration and fear and wonder in his guttural tone. "Used me fer bait! Sent me ahead to keep the old bloat busy so's he could swipe the stuff hisself! 'N' he had it afore me 'n' old knobs come to the last round! Say, I earned the money all right, all right! The old oys- ter cooked me to a T where he got at it. But ain't I the doctor, though! Who'd ha' thought a crack like that on the mug would ha' jarred the cobwebs out'n his noodle? I ought to put in a bill fer curin' him!" He folded the check and the letter and put them back carefully into his pocket, stooped, pulled one shoe into place, then drew out the envelope and repeated the process of examining its contents. "In the name of ham, how'm I goin' to spend it?" he demanded slowly. "Say, Blondie,you're agoin' to travel. You're agoin' to see the world! Only first you'll get a buzz-wagon 'n' you'll make 'em all climb posts 'n hydrants down below the Line. You've got money, my boy--you're rich!" He stuffed the envelope back and caught up the other shoe in a sudden frenzy; then he settled back with a groan. "The bank don't open till ten o'clock," he reminded himself disconsolately. With an Elephant Hunter in Africa by Alfred Jordan WHITE men had not cared to venture among the Wander- obos. Little was known of them, but this little was enough. It pertained to the tribe's wildness and its stealthy ways of fighting. On the rare occa- sions when a man of another tribe so far for- got himself in chasing game as to enter a Wanderobo forest he would find everything serene. There would be no unusual sound or movement. The stillness of the woods, broken only by the singing of birds and per- haps by the cries of animals, would cause him to believe that he was far from the haunts of ma. . But suddenly, seemingly from nowhere, would come a poisoned ar- row; then another and another. So it was that the forests and sweeping plains of the Wanderobo country on the highlands of German East Africa, six thou- sand feet above the sea, had been free from white invasion. It was ideal for hunting; every kind of game stalked its own prey in the scrub and belts of woodland; in the high grass elephants grazed quietly. For me the elephants had a special inter- est, since at that time there were no German regulations to prevent a man from shooting a sufficient number of the animals on a sin- gle hunt to gain a small fortune from the ivory. I had been on a long cattle-trading trek among the Lumbwa, and wras indulg- ing in a bit of civilization in the towns along the Uganda Railway, but, growing tired of this, I made up my mind to go on an ele- phant hunt in Wanderobo land. The project involved no great risk on my part, because, while the Wanderobos knew