WEIRD TALES 380 total--are reprints; probably not surprizing, since the reprints represent, in theory, and usually in practise, the cream of bygone is- sues. I shouldn't be surprized if a demand soon arose for a re-reprint section, in which some of the reprints of eight and nine years ago might reappear once more. . . . You began reprinting from back numbers in 1928, when WT was only five years old. Now it has rounded out its fifteenth year; and it might be reasoned that a story which was worth reprinting once, five years after its first publication, might merit another such honor ten years later." Overrated Richard Kraft, of Allenhurst, New Jersey, writes: "To my mind the most overrated story you have ever published was Quest of the Starstone. It was simply a cheap thriller and did not compare with Paul Ernst's Dread Summons or Rex Ernest's The Inn. In the December issue Edmond Hamilton again writes a winner: Child of Atlantis. Hamil- ton is the best in the business and I enjoy his work immensely. The Sea-Witch was terrible --I can't see what WEIRD TALES readers will find in it, as it was slow and tiresome, noth- ing like that swell story of Mary Counsel- man's in that issue, The Black Stone Statue." Virgil Finlay's Drawings Doctor Karl K. Webber writes from Flora, Illinois: "This is the first time I have writ- ten you, although I have been an avid reader of Weird Tales for about six years. In the December 1937 issue, The Sea-Witch is 'tops,' with Flames of Vengeance a close sec- ond, and Child of Atlantis hot on the lat- ter's heels. One thing must be kept in your publication and that is Virgil Finlay's draw- ing. I'm a little bit of an artist myself and I recognize a masterful touch when I see it. No one can approach his subtle mastery of pen and ink. Orchids to Virgil!" A Million Congratulations Julius Hopkins writes from Washington, D. C.: "Roads is one of the most high-class stories that WT has ever printed. Through- out, the language is elevating, and not the usual, pulpy kind prevalent in a great many tales written today. I truly believe that any magazine would have been glad to have this story between its covers. WT should be mighty proud to have been privileged to print it. A million congratulations to you, Mr. Quinn, for a really outstanding story." Norse Mythology M. W. Schauffler, of Larchmont, New York, writes: "The Howard and Quinn stories have been what I have bought the magazine for, and I have been buying it for eight years. One other thing which makes your magazine a pleasure is that almost always the mythology and other background data are accurate. So please speak to Nictzin Dyalhis, if you don't mind, and ask him to check a little more carefully. I don't know when I have liked a story better than The Sea-Witch. But the moment when his Witch and his hero both agreed that Ran was a god, not a goddess, wrecked the illusion of factuality for me to the end of the story. And there were two other minor slips: No viking was ever named Gudrun any more than he was named Eliza, and for the same reason--it is a woman's name. Neither was Comnenus ever spelled with two n's--dtough that's a small matter. As for the viking's re- frain to the rowing-song, he probably knows more than I do about that--I am not an authority on Norse legends. But I have a feeling that it isn't entirely, or at least typ- ically, a sea refrain." Quinn's Masterpiece Bernard Austin Dwyer writes from West Shokan, New York: "My first choice of stories in the January issue is Roads by Sea- bury Quinn. This is truly Quinn's master- piece; I have never seen anything even re- motely so good by him. In my opinion, it far overtops even The Phantom Farmhouse. Apart from the story itself, which is delight- ful and wonderful--the fetching together of such ordinarily widely separated elements as Christ's crucifixion, a blond heroic warrior from the North, a harlot from the house of Magdalene, the Eastern and Western dynas- ties, and the Middle Ages, the little carved sleighs, the dwarf faery, smiths of the moun- tains, and the legend of Santa Claus--the style itself is very beautiful. I love especially the last few paragraphs with their flavor of the iron and heroic North, the Valhalla-like feast; how Klaus laid aside his arms, and the final piercing and beautiful paragraph. But I love everything--the story and the style, from beginning to end. . . . This story will go down as one of the very best, by any