DREADFUL SLEEP 301 "We've got the biggest proposition you ever had a nibble at, Dunbar," his harsh voice crackled at me. "We're going to reclaim Antarctica. We're going to thaw the ice cap with atomic power!" He paused a moment to let that sink in, his keen pale eyes boring into my face. "An invention of Meriden Bell's," his rasp went on. "You know him. This is confidential, Dunbar; I trust you. We've formed a syndicate. Five of us. My wife and I, Bell and Tommy Veering--and yourself." At last I swallowed my amazement, and: "Thaw the ice!" I blurted. "Harding, you don't know what you're talking about. I've spent years there. Remember what Antarctica is: five million square miles, covered with ice up to a mile deep, with temperatures seventy to a hundred below! Thaw--that?" "It can be done!" he rapped. "You talk to Bell. And there are millions in it. Billions. For all five of us. I've put you down for four per cent, plus ex- penses." His tone became unpleasantly dictatorial. "Get ready, Dunbar, to fly us down in your Austral Queen--by the end of next week." "If that's all you want, Harding--" I bit my tongue, and held open the door. Something, some indefinable qual- ity in his bearing, made me want desper- ately to hit him. It was his old friend- ship that held my arm, and Jerry Ware. I WAS still hurt and puzzled by this harsh dictatorial insolence in a man who had been the most patient and generous of my friends, when the phone rang again that afternoon, and I was surprized to hear the voice of Harding's wife. A discord of anxious worry marred its old sweet music. "Ron!" she cried eagerly. "How are you?" Jerry had been, and was, perhaps the friend held closest in my lonely life. But I must make it clear, against possible misunderstanding, that I did not love her, nor she me. I had sincerely congratulated the Hardings on their marriage, believing them perfectly mated. The change in her husband distressed me deeply, for I knew what it must mean to Jerry. Her voice was quivering, now, plead- ing. "Ron, if Aston's way provoked you, I am sorry. I must explain about him. He had an--illness, two years ago. He had been working late in his office at the Foundation--some Government research, on account of the Pacific War. And one night he--disappeared. "I was frantic. The police couldn't find him. I was afraid he was--dead. It was two weeks before he came to himself, stumbling along a highway out in Jersey. "It was amnesia. Still he can't remem- ber what happened. There was evidence that somebody had broken into his office. The police thought an Asiatic spy might have attacked him, to get some secret. But he doesn't know. And since--" Her low voice caught, choked. "Since, he seems different--sharp and impatient--sometimes cruel. And still there are lapses in his memory, details he can't recall. I have to help him. For he's still"--she choked again--"still dear to me. And promise me, Ron, that you'll forgive him, bear with him." "I promise, Jerry," I told her. "Oh, thank you." It was a glad, eager cry. "And, Ron, will you come out to dinner tonight? There's to be a meeting of the syndicate, afterward, to discuss the expedition." "I'll be there, Jerry, to see you. But I warn you, I'm not flying back to the Pole --not this season." Her gay little laugh ignored that last.