312 WEIRD TALES obedience. Her dry eyes looked back at me, black with tragedy, mutely imploring. She tried to speak, and could not. She went stiffly, at last, down the steps in the fissure, and through the black door. "Karalee--" I callcd after her, vain- ly. The door closed ponderously. I was still staring at it when I felt the Seeker's tiny fingers tugging at my hand. She drew me toward the side of the pylon. The purple transparency of it towered sheer out of the black granite. Frost of ages had splintered and crumbled the stone, blizzards of ages carved it gro- tesquely. That cyclopean crystal, how- ever, remained diamond-hard, diamond- polished; it was deeply graven with the lost runes of a world dead before the coming of the ice. One moment she paused against that amethystine wall. Wondrous being! A fluted spiral vase of opalescent pearl, holding flower-like an elfin queen, gold- en-robed and golden-crowned, crimson- plumed. Last and greatest of a people lost! Maru-Mora, the Seeker! The deep purple wells of her immense eyes regarded me soberly, as if with un- uttered warning. Her delicate seven-fin- gered hand gestured toward Karalee's door. Her scarlet mouth pouted to a sin- gle admonishing note. Then her furry fingers released me. As easily as we had entered the ice, she drift- ed through that adamantine wall, into the crystal pylon. She seemed to relax. For an instant I watched her still, sinking peacefully through its pellucid depths. Then I turned. I tried to walk back toward the crevice in the rock that opened to Karalee's abode. But the world splin- tered about me. I was crushed beneath a black, appalling avalanche of pain. . . . And then I was in bed again, back in my room at the Aero Club. 5. Beyond the Pole EVEN now, writing these words, I am overcome with a black tide of guilt. For the warning in that singular vision had been explicit, unmistakable. Had I but been wise enough to heed it, what untold horror and death might have been averted! The silent hands of the electric clock, when I looked, stood at three-forty. My body, which had lain thirty-five minutes uncovered and motionless, was stiff with cold, yet strangely damp with sweat. A blinding headache splintered through the back of my brain. Clambering uncertain- ly out of the bed, I found myself trem- bling with nervous exhaustion, sound heart fluttering as if it had come through some terrific strain. At first I could hardly stand, but I felt better as movement restored circulation. I wouldn't, I decided, call a doctor; what I wanted was a chance to think over what had happened. After a few turns around the room, I took two aspirins, smoked out a pipe, and went back to bed--but not to sleep that night. For my mind was still too full of Maru- Mora's supernal wonder; of the immemo- rial ice-drowned horror of the Sleepers; of Karalee's young intoxicating beauty. Desperately I wrestled with the terrible question: had it been real, or a dream? It all had been absolutely convincing as it passed; doubt had only come after- ward. It had seemed too perfect in de- tail, too strangely coherent, too fearfully alien, to be a dream--for the dreaming mind commonly reflects only the familiar patterns of the day, creating nothing new. But the stiff orthodoxy of my scientific training balked at accepting it as anything more than dream. Could the human mind exist outside the body?--fly ten thousand miles and