BEYOND THE WALL OF SLEEP 337 be the last time. The sorry planet shell being well-nigh spent, in less than an hour my fellow would be free to pursue the oppressor along the Milky Way and past the hither stars to the very confines of infinity. A WELL-DEFINED shock separates my final impression of the fading scene of light from my sudden and somewhat shamefaced awakening and straightening up in my chair as I saw the dying figure on the couch move hesitantly. Joe Slater was indeed awaking, though probably for the last time. As I looked more closely, I saw that in the sallow cheeks shone spots of color which had never before been present. The lips, too, seemed un- usual, being tightly compressed, as if by the force of a stronger character than had been Slater's. The whole face finally be- gan to grow tense, and the head turned restlessly with closed eyes. I did not rouse the sleeping nurse, but readjusted the slightly disarranged head- bands of my telepathic "radio," intent to catch any parting message the dreamer might have to deliver. All at once the head turned sharply in my direction and the eyes fell open, causing me to stare in blank amazement at what I beheld. The man who had been Joe Slater, the Catskill decadent, was now gazing at me with a pair of luminous, expanding eyes whose blue seemed subtly to have deepened. Neither mania nor degeneracy was visible in that gaze, and I felt beyond a doubt that I was viewing a face behind which lay an active mind of high order. At this juncture my brain became aware of a steady external influence operating upon it. I closed my eyes to concentrate my thoughts more profoundly, and was rewarded by the positive knowledge that my long-sought mental message bad come at last. Each transmitted idea formed rapidly in my mind, and though no ac- tual language was employed, my habitual association of conception and expression was so great that I seemed to be receiv- ing the message in ordinary English. "Joe Slater is dead," came the soul- petrifying voice of an agency from be- yond the wall of sleep. My opened eyes sought the couch of pain in curious hor- ror, but the blue eyes were still calmly gazing, and the countenance was still in- telligently animated. "He is better dead, for he was unfit to bear the active intellect of cosmic entity. His gross body could not undergo the needed adjustments be- tween ethereal life and planet life. He was too much an animal, too little a man; yet it is through his deficiency that you have come to discover me, for the cosmic and planet souls rightly should never meet. He has been in my torment and diurnal prison for forty-two of your ter- restrial years. "I am an entity like that which you yourself become in the freedom of dream- less sleep. I am your brother of light, and have floated with you in the effulgent valleys. It is not permitted me to tell your waking earth-self of your real self, but we are all roamers of vast spaces and travelers in many ages. Next year I may be dwelling in the Egypt which you call ancient, or in the cruel empire of Tsan Chan which is to come three thousand years hence. You and I have drifted to the worlds that reel about the red Arc- turus, and dwelt in the bodies of the in- sect-philosophers that crawl proudly over the fourth moon of Jupiter. How little does the earth self know life and its ex- tent! How little, indeed, ought it to know for its own tranquillity! "Of the oppressor I cannot speak. You on earth have unwittingly felt its distant presence--you who without knowing idly gave the blinking beacon the name of Algol, the Demon-Star. It is to meet and W. T.--6