THE HEAD IN THE WINDOW 363 pened, and he might have attached no importance to anything that had occurred if he had not been made a little appre- hensive by the eery turn the conversa- tion in the artist group had taken. His Spitz had stopped and barked furiously into a linden-tree alley a few hundred yards from his garden gate. It was true that the dog had a nervous streak in him and often grew excited over nothing at all. A little earlier, as the artist was get- ting off the street-car, a very suspicious looking and acting man in ragged work- clothes had asked him how to reach the Valle San Giorgio, a lonely little valley with a chapel in the center of it, a sort of ravine which lay behind and below the eminence on which his house was built and which no human being in his senses would have thought of visiting at that hour of the night. Then, as he came through the narrow street between the high walls, he would have sworn he heard steps on the hard ground behind him. The impression was so strong that he turned and looked back more than once. But no one was visible, and it was only while he himself was walking that he seemed to hear the steps. They must- have been only the echo of his own steps in the uncanny stillness of the night. Finally, at a turn of the crooked little street, he had come suddenly within a few feet of a man who was going in the same direction, but more slowly. The man turned and looked at him, then walked slowly away on a path that branched off from the little street. The painter had had only an indefinite im- pression of the man's bearded face. But his artist eye had taken in the squat, heavy frame, which stood out plainly in the moonlight, the peculiar swing of the man's walk, and even the wavering shad- ow which showed rather distinctly on the wall beyond him before he turned into the foot-path. When he had himself come abreast the path and peered fear- fully down it, the man had disappeared. There were no buildings along the path, and it was distinctly visible for some dis- tance. It seemed as if the earth had swal- lowed the man. Or he might have dodged behind a clump of bushes. But why would he have done that? It was strange. For a few minutes the young painter had been almost uneasy. Then all at once the artist in him had gained the upper hand. He realized that the shape and manner of the bearded pedestrian had been very much what he had had in mind for a figure in a violent night scene which he was planning to paint, and he regretted that he had not seen the man's face more distinctly. He began to lay plans for sketching what he remembered of the face and figure before he went to bed, and in his cheerful planning he com- pletely forgot his apprehension--till his dog had begun to bark frantically at the entrance of the linden alley. Arrived at home, the painter had hauled his preliminary sketch out of a corner, set it up on an easel and rapidly drawn in with charcoal the outlines of the man with the beard. He had origi- nally planned to make this person the ag- gressor in an encounter. He had thought of him as rushing out from his conceal- ment behind a wall and running with drawn sword at a favored rival who had just said good-bye to a lady at the gate of an imposing palazzo. But some mys- terious influence seemed to guide him into a change of plan. He of the beard must needs be the victim, not the attack- er, and he must be set upon by two men. The painter took out a fresh sheet and sketched in the new idea. It was curious how definitely the impression had come to him. He knew exactly where to place each individual, how to direct each mo-