Guarded By MEARLE PROUT A brief tale of a murder and an attempted murder--by the author of "The House of the Worm" THE sound of a shot suddenly broke the stillness of the May morning, and echoed back from across the valley. A puff of blue smoke arose from a clump of green-briars and drifted away downwind. Out in the road, Abner Simmons dropped the bag of grain he was carrying and, with a look of dumb surprize, sank in a quivering heap to the ground. Half his side had been shot away. The green-briars parted with a sudden life and Jed Tolliver emerged, straighten- ing his long form as he shambled toward the road. As he walked he broke his double-barreled shotgun, flicked out the empty cartridge and blew through the barrel, sending a thin stream of acrid smoke out of the chamber. He stooped over his fallen enemy. "Said I'd get you," he reminded the other brutally. He inserted a fresh cart- ridge and closed the gun with a snap. The man in the road rolled over with a convulsive movement and stared up at him. "That kid brother of yours is next-- and last," Jed continued. "Then I'll be through with the lot of you." Abner grinned. It is an awful thing to see a dying man grin. Jed shuddered in spite of himself. "You can't, Jed--not Ezekiel--" It was not a pleading. Rather, it was calm, assured, as though the other were stating a known fact. Jed shuddered again, before he felt quick anger rising. "I got you, didn't I?" he said, ejecting a thick stream of tobacco juice. "What makes you think I won't get Ezekiel the same way?" "You won't, Jed--you can't--because --I won't let you!" He was fast weakening from the frightful flow of blood. Overcome from the effort of speaking, Abner closed his eyes and lay still. A second later a sudden convulsive movement shook his body, and his eyes opened again. This time they were fixed and staring. With a grunt of satisfaction Jed shouldered his gun and started back up the mountain, moving with the long ef- fortless stride of the Tennessee mountain- eer. He did not fear punishment for his crime. Here in the Tennessee mountains the long arm of the law seldom reached. The only thing to fear in a case of this kind was the dead man's relatives, and now there was only one--Ezekiel, a slim lad of twenty, who could not even shoot expertly. Yes, Jed reflected as his long strides carried him through the sparse growth of cedar and blackjack, this part of Tennes- see would soon again be a decent, God- fearing community. . . . Foreigners, the Simmonses had been, from somewhere back East--Carolina, or Virginia, maybe. They hadn't been like the mountain- folk. . . . And what was that crazy talk Abner had made? He'd stop Jed from getting Ezekiel? How could he, if he was dead? 354