274 WEIRD TALES with him before he shot himself, but I'll wager that he saw her, too, and smelled that Devil's incense." De Grandin looked at me with up- raised brows, then shook his head to cau- tion silence ere he turned to face our guest. "And you, Monsieur?" he asked. "Yes, I too. Don killed himself some- time in early afternoon, and I was home that day. I'd say that it was shortly after two, for I'd lunched at the City Club and come home to pack a bag and take a trip to Nantakee. I had the highboy open and was taking out some shirts when I began to notice a strange odor in the air. But it wasn't strange for long; as it grew stronger I recognized it as the scent of Herbules' incense. It grew so strong that it was almost overpowering. I stood there by the chest of drawers, smelling the in- creasing scent, and determined that I'd not turn round. You know how Cole- ridge puts it: Like one, that on a lonesome roadDoth walk in fear and dread.And having once turned round, walks on,And turns no more his head;Because he knows a frightful fiendDoth dose behind him tread . . . "The odor of the incense grew until I could have sworn somebody swung a cen- ser right behind me. Then, suddenly, I heard the sound of falling water. 'Drip-- drip--drip!' it fell upon the floor, drop by deliberate drop. The suspense was more than I could bear, and I wheeled about. "Marescha stood behind me, almost close enough to touch. Water trickled from the hair that hung in gleaming strands across her breast and shoulders, it hung in little gleaming globules on her pale, smooth skin, ran in little rivulets across her forehead, down her beautifully shaped legs, made tiny puddles on the polished floor beside each slim bare foot. I went almost sick with horror as I saw the knotted cords we'd used to tie the window-weights on her still bound about her ankles, water oozing from their coils. She did not seem dead. Her lovely slen- der body seemed as vital as when I had held it in my arms, her full and mobile lips were red with rouge, her eyes were neither set and staring nor expressionless. But they were sad, immeasurably sad. They seemed to probe into my spirit's very depths, asking, beseeching, entreat- ing. And to make their plea more elo- quent, she slowly raised her lovely hands and held them out to me, palms upward, fingers slightly curled, as though she be- sought alms. "There was a faint resemblance to her bitter, crooked smile upon her lips, but it was so sad, so hopelessly entreating, that it almost made me weep to see it. "'Mar--' I began, but the name stuck in my throat. This couldn't be the body that I'd held against my heart, those lips were not the lips I'd kissed a thou- sand times; this was no girl of flesh and blood. Marescha lay deep in a grave in Shadow Lawns Cemetery; had lain there almost twrenty years. Dust had filled those sad, entreating eyes long before the col- lege freshmen of this year were born. The worms . . . "Somewhere I had heard that if you called upon the Trinity a ghost would vanish. 'In the name of the Father--' I began, but it seemed as if a clap of thunder sounded in my ears. "'What right have you to call upon the Triune God?' a mighty voice seemed asking. 'You who have mocked at Heaven, taken every sacred name in vain, made a jest of every holy thing--how dare you invoke Deity? Your sacrilegious lips cannot pronounce the sacred name!' "And it was true. I tried again, but the words clogged in my throat; I tried to force them out, but only strangling inarticulacies sounded. "Marescha's smile was almost pityingly