THE THING ON THE FLOOR 283 stantly immobile, he surveyed the room through small, coal-black eyes set close together in a pasty-white face. Obscene of body and countenance, his forehead was nevertheless magnificent, but his scalp, even to the sides of his head, was utterly bald. Beneath the table his pillar- like ankles showed whitely above Gargan- tuan house-slippers. This--this, Mary Roberts knew, was Dmitri. . . . Leisurely the monster poured a glass of water and took a tentative sip, the glass looking no larger than a jigger in his tre- mendous, flabby hand. An expression that might have been a smile--or a leer --rippled momentarily across his fat-en- gulfed features, revealed an instant's glimpse of startlingly white teeth. He began to speak-- "I see a number of new faces before me today," he began in a voice incongru- ously, almost shockingly vibrant and beautiful; Enrico Caruso's speaking voice, Mary thought suddenly, must have sound- ed like that--"and for the benefit of those who are not already familiar with my theories I will repeat, briefly, my con- ception of the function of the Will in the treatment of disease." He paused, sipped meagerly from his glass of ice-water. Then he went on, his speech only faintly stilted, only faintly revealing him a man to whom English was an acquired language: "Speaking in the philosophical--not the chemical--sense, it is my belief that there is but one fundamental element-- abstract mind. Of course, that which we term matter is, in the last analysis, energy; there is no such thing as matter except as a manifestation of energy. Yet it is quite obvious, or it should be obvious, at any rate, that mind--that attribute which we wrongfully confuse with conscious- ness--is totally independent of matter. A man dies, but his atomic weight remains unchanged; the strange force which ac- tivated him has found its material shell no longer tenable, and has taken its de- parture. "We are all well acquainted with the axiomatic law of physics which deals with the conservation of energy. But here we reach a paradox--either energy must have been non-existent at one time, or it must be eternal--contradictory and utterly ir- reconcilable concepts. The logical and the only conclusion is plain: energy and mat- ter do not and have never existed. They are but temporary conceptions of an in- finite, timeless Mind, a Mind of which we are part--" There was a sudden snort from the second row. "Rubbish! What's all this jabber got to do with me? I came here to be cured, not to be preached at!" The colossus slowly poured a glass of ice-water. "Sir, you must understand--if you possess sufficient intelligence--that I can do nothing for you without your help." The bulbous lips writhed in a half-smile. "You have been rude, my friend--should I decide to treat your carcinoma I will leave you the poorer man by half your fortune before you are cured. That pros- pect, at least, you can understand." Mortimer Dunlop, his seamed face livid with rage, got hastily to his feet and strode to the center door. He jerked the door open, slammed it behind him as he stormed from the room. Unperturbed, Dmitri continued, "Mind came before matter; mind is the great motivator. Mind can conceive matter; matter cannot conceive anything, even itself. "It is evident to any person who care- fully considers these conclusions that in each one of us exists a spark, part and parcel of that great intangible Will which created all things. But this reasoning in- variably leads to a conclusion so tremen-