298 WEIRD TALES "But Dmitri!" Ethredge whispered. "Dmitri--dead of cyanide poisoning! The medical examiner will know. Dmitri --murdered!" Peters turned. His face, as he slowly shook his head, was enigmatic. "No, Commissioner. Remember that I once told you that there might even be a certain poetic justice in the manner by which Dmitri might be most safely-- destroyed? That pellet was harmless, made of crushed almonds and flour; Dmitri was his own executioner. He be- lieved that he was tasting cyanide, and so he died; his own weapon, the power of suggestion, killed him--justly." He was lifting the telephone to his ear. But before he dialed the well-remem- bered number he looked, thoughtfully, for a long moment, at Dmitri, at the bloated, repulsively hairless hulk that had once housed a brilliant, utterly evil soul. "Poor, warped devil!" he softly mused; "he could treat and cure others by sugges- tion, but he could not treat himself. And now he is dead. Well--" The short, stubby fingers of his right hand were dialing the number. And, as he listened to the small, reiterated grat- ing sound of the whirling dial, he real- ized, vaguely, that Ethredge had gone to Mary Roberts, that Ethredge was stoop- ing over her comfortingly, soothing her within his strong, embracing arms. Dreadful Sleep By JACK WILLIAMSON A thrilling tale, a romantic and tragic tale, a weird-scientific story of the awakening of the fearsome beings that lay in dreadful slumber under the antarctic ice, and the weird doom that befell the world AN INITIAL apology seems due the reader of this history. For I, Ronald Dunbar, am not a man of letters. Three of the books that bear my name--those entided Antarcticana I, II, and III--are merely the necessary sci- entific records of my various polar explo- rations. And the popular abridgment of them called An Odyssey of the Ice was no more than an effort (which turned out very happily) to wipe out the deficit of my third expedition. It happens however, that no accom- plished literary historian was present to observe those mind-crushing events that made the year 1960 the most terrible in human history. I am the only surviving witness to much of that hideously enig- matic catastrophe. Despite my disqualifi- cations, therefore, as well as the natural reluctance of an active man to spending some months confined to on unaccus- tomed desk, I feel it my duty to set down a plain, simple account of what hap- pened. If without much literary embel- lishment, it will at least be accurate and clear. The event of June 11-December 24, 1960, is already recognized to be the most astounding and terrifying phenomenon that ever overtook our world. It was high noon over America, on June 11, when the