342 WEIRD TALES "Into the Devil's Croft!" we almost shouted, both in the same shocked breath. "Of course. Didn't we just get through with the agreement all around that the lycanthrope can and must be met face to face? Offense is the best defense, as per- haps one hundred thousand athletic train- ers have reiterated." "I've already faced the creature once," I reminded him. "As for appearing dauntless, I doubt my own powers of deceit." "You shall have a weapon," he said. "A fire gives light, and we know that such things must have darkness--such as it finds in the midst of that swampy wood. So fill your pockets with matches, both of you." "How about a gun?" I asked, but he shook his head. "We don't want the werewolf killed. That would leave the whole business in mystery, and yourself probably charged with another murder. He'd return to his human shape, you know, the moment he was hurt even slightly." Susan spoke, very calmly: "I'm ready to go into the Croft, Judge Pursuivant." He clapped his hands loudly, as if ap- plauding in a theater. "Bravo, my dear, bravo! I see Mr. Wills sets his jaw. That means he's ready to go with you. Very well, let us be off." He called to William, who at his or- ders brought three lanterns--sturdy old- fashioned affairs, protected by strong wire nettings--and filled them with oil. We each took one and set out. It had turned clear and frosty once more, and the moon shone too brightly for my comfort, at least. However, as we approached the grove, we saw no sentinels; they could hardly be blamed for deserting, after the fate of the younger O'Bryant. We gained the shadow of the outer cedars unchallenged. Here Judge Pursui- vant called a halt, produced a match from his overcoat pocket and lighted our lan- terns all around. I remember that we struck a fresh light for Susan's lantern; we agreed that, silly as the three-on-a match superstition might be, this w^as no time or place to tempt Providence. "Come on," said Judge Pursuivant then, and led the way into the darkest part of the immense thicket. 12. "We Are Here at His Mercy " WE FOLLOWED Judge Pursuivant, Susan and I, without much of a thought beyond an understandable dislike for being left alone on the brink of the timber. It was a slight struggle to get through the close-set cedar hedge, espe- rially for Susan, but beyond it we soon caught up with the judge. He strode heavily and confidently among the trees, his lantern held high to shed light upon broad, polished leaves and thick, wet stems. The moist warmth of the grove's interior made itself felt again, and the judge explained again and at greater length the hot springs that made pos- sible this surprizing condition. All the while he kept going. He seemed to know his way in that forbidden fastness--in- deed, he must have explored it many times to go straight to his destination. That destination was a clearing, in some degree like the one where I had met and fought with my hairy pursuer on the night before. This place had, however, a great tree in its center, with brandies that shot out in all directions to hide away the sky completely. By strain- ing the ears one could catch a faint mur- mur of water--my scalding stream, no doubt. Around us were the thick-set trunks of the forest, filled in between with brush and vines, and underfoot grew velvety moss. "This will be our headquarters posi- tion," said the judge. "Wills, help me