266 WEIRD TALES 'HERBULES was waiting for us in a perfect fever of excitement when we tiptoed up his front-porch steps on Wednesday night. He had a domino and mask for each of us. The dominoes were fiery red, with hoods that pulled up like monks' cowls; the masks were black, and hideous. They represented long, thin faces with out-jutting chins; the lips were purple and set in horrid grins; the eye- brows were bright scarlet wool and at the top there was another patch of bright red worsted curled and cut to simulate a fringe of hair. 'Good Lord,' said Atkins as he tried his on, 'I look just like the Devil!' "I thought that Herbules would have a stroke when he heard Atkins speak. 'You'll use that name with more respect after tonight, my boy,' he said. "After that we all got in his car and drove down toward Red Bank. "We stopped about a mile outside of town and parked the car in a small patch of woods, walked some distance down the road, climbed a fence and cut across a field till we reached an old deserted house. I'd seen the place as I drove past, and had often wondered why it was unoccu- pied, for it stood up on a hill surrounded by tall trees and would have made an ideal summer home, but I'd been told its well was dry, and as there was no other source of water, nobody wanted it. "We didn't go to the front door, but tiptoed round the back, where Herbules struck three quick raps, waited for a mo- ment, then knocked four more. "We'd all put on our robes and masks while he was knocking, and when the door was opened on a crack we saw the porter was robed and masked as we were. Nobody said a word, and we walked through a basement entrance, down a long and nar- row hall, and turned a corner where we met another door. Here Herbules went through the same procedure, and the door swung back to let us in. "We were in a big room, twenty by forty feet, I guess, and we knew it was a cellar by the smell--stiflingly close, but clammy as a tomb at once. Rows of fold- ing chairs like those used at bridge games --or funerals--were arranged in double rows with a passage like an aisle between, and at the farther end of the big room we saw an altar. "In all my life I don't believe I'd been to church ten times, but we were nom- inally Protestants, so what I saw had less effect on me than if I'd been a Catholic or Episcopalian; but I knew at once the altar wasn't regulation. Oh, it was suffi- ciently impressive, but it had a sort of comic--no, not comic, grotesque, rather --note about it. A reredos of black cloth was hung against the wall, and before it stood a heavy table more than eight feet long and at least six wide, covered by a black cloth edged with white. It reminded me of something, though I couldn't quite identify it for a moment; then I knew. I'd seen a Jewish funeral once, and this cloth was like the black-serge pall they used to hide the plain pine coffin! At each end of the altar stood a seven- branched candelabrum made of brass, each with a set of tall black candles in it. These were burning and gave off a pale blue glow. They seemed to be perfumed, too, and the odor which they burned with was pleasant--at first. Then, as I sniffed a second time it seemed to me there was a faint suspicion of a stench about it, something like the fetor that you smell if you're driving down the road and pass a dog or cat that's been run over and has lain a while out in the sun--just a mo- mentary whiff, but nauseating, just the same. Between the candelabra, right ex- actly in the center of the altar, but back against the wall, was a yard-high crucifix of some black wood with an ivory figure