346 WEIRD TALES 13. "Light's Our Best Weapon." NEITHER of us said anything for a while after that. I stoked up the fire, to be doing something, and it made us so uncomfortably warm that we had to crowd away from it. Sitting close against the tree-trunk, I began to imagine some- thing creeping up the black lane of shad- ow it cast behind us to the edge of the clearing; and yet again I thought I heard noises. Club in hand, I went to investi- gate, and I was not disappointed in the least when I found nothing. Finally Susan spoke. "This," she said, "is a new light on the thing." "It's nothing to be upset about," I tried to comfort her. "Not be upset!" She sat straight up, and in the light of the fire I could see a single pained line between her brows, deep and sharp as a chisel-gash. "Not when I almost turned into a beast!" "How much of that do you remem- ber?" I asked her. "I was foggy in my mind, Talbot, al- most as at the séance, but I remember be- ing drawn--drawn to what was waiting out there." Her eyes sought the thickets on the far side of our blaze. "And it didn't seem horrible, but pleasant and welcome and--well, as if it were my kind. You," and she glanced quickly at me, then ashamedly away, "you were sudden- ly strange and to be avoided." "Is that all?" "It spoke to me," she went on in husky horror, "and I spoke to it." I forbore to remind her that the only sound she had uttered was a wordless howl. Perhaps she did not know that-- I hoped not. We said no more for another awkward time. Finally she mumbled, "I'm not the kind of woman who cries easily; but I'd like to now." "Go ahead," I said at once, and she did, and I let her. Whether I took her into my arms, or whether she came into them of her own accord, I do not remem- ber exactly; but it was against my shoul- der that she finished her weeping, and when she had finished she did feel better. "That somehow washed the fog and the fear out of me," she confessed, al- most brightly. It must have been a full hour later that rustlings rose yet again in the timber. So frequently had my imagination tricked me that I did not so much as glance up. Then Susan gave a little startled cry, and I sprang to my feet. Beyond the fire a tall, gray shape had become visible, with a pale glare of light around it. "Don't be alarmed," called a voice I knew. "It is I--Otto Zoberg." "Doctor!" I cried, and hurried to meet him. For the first time in my life, I felt that he was a friend. Our differences of opinion, once making companionship strained, had so dwindled to nothing in comparison to the danger I faced, and his avowed trust in me as innocent of mur- der. "How are you?" I said, wringing his hand. "They say you were hurt by the mob." "Ach, it was nothing serious," he re- assured me. "Only this." He touched with his forefinger an eye, and I could see that it was bruised and swollen half shut. "A citizen with too ready a fist and too slow a mind has that to answer for." "I'm partly responsible," I said. "You were trying to help me, I understand, when it happened." MORE noise behind him, and two more shapes pushed into the clear- ing. I recognized Judge Pursuivant, nod- ding to me with his eyes bright under his wide hat-brim. The other man, angular, falcon-faced, one arm in a sling, I had also seen before. It was Constable O'Bry-