THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 349 that I had heard the movements and cries of the being that had so strongly moved and bewitched Susan. My heart whis- pered rather loudly that I must look for myself at its traces or lack of them, or for ever view myself with scorn. Almost at once I found tracks, the booted tracks of my three allies. Shaking my lantern to make it flare higher, I went deeper among the clumps, my eyes quar- tering the damp earth. After a few mo- ments I found what I had come to look for. The marks were round and rather vague as to toe-positions, yet not so clear- cut as to be made by hoofs. Rather they suggested a malformed stump or a palm with no fingers, and they were deep enough to denote considerable weight; the tracks of my own shoes, next to them, were rather shallower. I bent for a close look, then straightened up, looked every- where at once, and held my torch above my head to shed light all around; for I had suddenly felt eyes upon me. I caught just a glimpse as of two points of light, fading away into some leafage and in the direction of the clearing, and toward them I made my way; but there was nothing there, and the only tracks underfoot were of shod human beings, myself or one of the others. I returned to my outward search, following the round tracks. They were plainly of only two feet-- there were no double impressions, like those of a quadruped--but I must have stalked along them for ten minutes when I realized that I had no way of telling whether they went forward or backward. I might be going away from my enemy instead of toward it. A close examina- tion did me little good, and I further pondered that the creature would lurk near the clearing, not go so straight away. Thus arguing within myself, I doubled back. Coming again close to the starting- point, I thought of a quick visit to the clearing and a comforting word or two with Susan and Zoberg. Surely I was al- most there; but why did not the fire gleam through the trees? Were they out of wood? Perplexed, I quickened my pace. A gnarled tree grew in my path, its low branches heavily bearded with vines. Be- yond this rose only the faintest of glows. I paused to push aside some strands and peer. The fire had almost died, and by its light I but half saw two figures, one tall and one slender, standing together well to one side. They faced each other, and the taller--a seeming statue of wet-look- ing gray--held its companion by a shoul- der. The other gray hind was stroking the smaller one's head, pouring grayness thereon. I saw only this much, without stop- ping to judge or to wonder. Then I yelled, and sprang into the clearing. At my outcry the two fell apart and faced me. The smallest was Susan, who took a step in my direction and gave a little smothered whimper, as though she wras trying to speak through a blanket. I ran to her side, and with a rough sweep of my sleeve I cleared from her face and head a mass of slimy, shiny jelly. "You!" I challenged the other shape. "What have you been trying to do to her?" For only a breathing-space it stood still, as featureless and clumsy as a half- formed figure of gray mud. Then dark- ness sprang out upon it, and hair. Eyes blazed at me, green and fearsome. A sharp muzzle opened to emit a snarl. "Now I know you," I hurled at it. "I'm going to kill you." And I charged. Claws ripped at my head, missed and tore the cloth of my coat. One of my