DREADFUL SLEEP 319 and living rose, its curved rays sprayed from beyond the pole. Its rustling, ban- nered hosts marched endlessly, whisper- ing immemorial secrets of outer space. With an effort I broke the aching thrall of its beauty. I stumbled up to the ledge beside Bell's unfinished tower, and peered away across the snow. It lay glittering and brilliant, dimly flushed with auroral color, drifts massed fantastically. Painful as the ring of glass to a violin bow, I heard that sound again: an eery minor threnody, a resistless call of provo- cative promise. And far away, beyond black grotesque hummocks of bare ice, I saw an incred- ible thing. Above the silver snow, plain in the aurora's radiance, it drifted. Flew --wingless! A tapered spiral, flaring up- ward. A woman's bust, golden-furred, cradled in its shimmering cup. An elfin woman's head, golden-crowned, proudly scarlet-crested. Slim golden arms that beckoned. It was Maru-Mora, the Seeker of my dream! And the dream, then, was real. The purple pylon did tower somewhere from the peaks beyond the ice. And lovely Karalee, to whom I had promised in the dream to return, must be living reality! A cold tide of horror flowed suddenly over my soul; for the black Tharshoon, the scaled and monstrous Sleepers of the ice, must then be also real--and waiting to be wakened, if we should thaw the polar ice. I had ignored the Seeker's warning, and Karalee's tearful appeal. What, now, was to be the penalty? Maru-Mora's piping came again, allur- ing with its uncanny haunting sweetness, terrible with immemorial pain. The au- rora flooded the sky again, and once more, far away, I glimpsed the alien beauty of the Seeker. She flew low but swiftly, calling, gol- den arms beckoning. And beneath her, stumbling frantically after her, was--a man! Caught in a queer paralysis of fasci- nated dread, I watched as he toiled up a slippery bank, tottered perilously along the brink of a blank crevasse. The shin- ing alien siren fled awiy before him, mocking, elusive. He followed her over the flank of a gleaming drift. They both were gone. It was a moment before I could recover myself, put down a sense of outraged unreality. Then I shouted, ran along the ledge toward the drift where they had vanished. What the Seeker might be, dream or illusion, phantom or alien living being, I knew not--but I did know that only terrible death could await any man lured out across the ice. Was that her way to stop our work? The aurora dimmed suddenly. In the starlit darkness I saw nothing beyond the drift. Thin echoes from the ice were the only answer to my calls. The eery song had ceased, the singer and her victim vanished. Shivering, from the shock of eldritch horror as much from the bitter cold, I stumbled back to the camp. My shouts had roused the others. Jerry Harding, bewildered, anxious-eyed, met me as I came down into our burrow. "What was it, Ron?" she whispered apprehensively. "What happened? I woke with the most dreadful feeling. And where is poor Merry?" "Bell?" I gasped. "He's gone from his bunk," she told me. And I knew that it was Meriden Bell who had followed the Seeker across the snow. You will not want to miss the thrilling chapters of this fascinating story in next month's WEIRD TALES. We suggest that you reserve your copy at your magazine dealer's now.