348 WEIRD TALES "No, for which of us responded to the call of that thing out there?" For the hundredth time she gazed fear- fully through the fire at the bushes be- hind which the commanding whine had risen. "I have within me," she said dully, "a nature that will break out, look and act like a beast-demon, will kill even my beloved father--" "Please," interjected Judge Pursuivant earnestly, "you must not take responsibil- ity upon yourself for what happened. If the ectoplasm engendered by you made up the form of the killer, the spirit may have come from without." "How could it?" she asked wretchedly. "How could Marthe Beraud exude ectoplasm that formed a bearded, mascu- line body?" Pursuivant looked across to Zoberg. "Doctor, you surely know the famous 'Bien Boa' séance, and how the materialized entity spoke Arabic when the medium, a Frenchwoman, knew little or nothing of that language?" Zoberg sat with bearded chin on lean hand. His joined brows bristled the more as he corrugated his forehead in thought. "We are each a thousand personalities," he said, sententiously if not comfortingly. "How can we rule them all, or rule even one of them?" O'BRYANT said sourly that all this talk was too high flown for him to understand or to enjoy. He dared hope, however, that the case could never be tied up to Miss Susan Gird, whom he had known and liked since her babyhood. "It can never do that," Zoberg said definitely. "No court or jury would con- vict her on the evidence we are offering against her." I ventured an opinion: "While you are attempting to show that Susan is a werewolf, you are forgetting that some- thing else was prowling around our fire, just out of sight." "Ach, just out of sight!" echoed Zo- berg. "That means you aren't sure what it was." "Or even that there was anything," added Susan, so suddenly and strongly that I, at least, jumped. "There was something, all right," I in- sisted. "I heard it." "You thought you heard a sound be- hind the tree," Susan reminded me. "You looked, and there was nothing." Everyone gazed at me, rather like staid adults at a naughty child. I said, ungra- ciously, that my imagination was no bet- ter than theirs, and that I was no easier to frighten. Judge Pursuivant suggested that we make a search of the surrounding woods, for possible clues. "A good idea," approved Constable O'Bryant. "The ground's damp. We might find some sort of footprints." "Then you stay here with Miss Susan," the judge said to him. "We others will circle around." The gaunt constable shook his head. "Not much, mister. I'm in on whatever searching is done. I've got something to settle with whatever killed my kid brother." "But there are only three lanterns," pointed out Judge Pursuivant. "We have to carry them--light's our best weapon." Zoberg then spoke up, rather diffident- ly, to say that he would be glad to stay with Susan. This was agreed upon, and the other three of us prepared for the search. I took the lantern from Zoberg's hand, nodded to the others, and walked away among the trees. 14. "I Was--I Am--a Wolf" DELIBERATELY I had turned my face toward the section beyond the fire, for, as I have said repeatedly, it was there