300 WEIRD TALES beneath them, found a few gruesome relics identified with the missing persons. No single human fragment, however, had been found when the tunnels caved in. The world has had no explanation of this amazing tragedy. The astrophysicists, it is true, put their learned heads together, called up the shades of Einstein and Minkowski, and spoke sagely of a flaw in the space-time continuum. The press caught up their magic words, and the whole planet was soon informed that it was a Time Fault which had made six months seem like the winking of an eye. Neither savants nor newspapers, how- ever, could account for the vanished thou- sands, or explain the grisly mounds in that queerly devastated park upon the Palisades. I am the only surviving man who knows the actual cause of the Time Fault, who experienced all the nerve-shattering horror of those six lost months, or who met face to face the incredible menace that stopped all the world. I found cour- age, then, to go ahead, believing that the inherent interest of what I have to tell will make up for any lack of literary adornment. 1. The Different Doctor Harding ON THE morning of February 10, of fateful 1960, Doctor Aston Harding came into my room at the Aero Club. I was just three days returned from that season's very successful polar flight; clang- orous New York still seemed a shining paradise, and any old acquaintance a wel- coming angel. I greeted Harding like a brother--before I discovered that he wanted me to fly him back to the Ant- arctic, the very next week! I put the answer to that in pretty plain words. "We can't do that, Harding! There's just about six weeks of twilight left at the South Pole, before six months of winter set in. I know what it's like-- I've just come from there!" I ignored the set determination on his blank face. "I'm fed up with silence and ice and frostbitten feet. What I want is jazz bands, and my ice in a frosty glass, and feet tapping on waxed hardwood. Sorry, Doctor, but it simply can't be done--not this season. Now, if you can wait until November-- Harding set down the whisky soda I had mixed for him, and rose deliberately to stand over my chair. He was a tall man, his broad shoulders a little stooped but powerful; he had a ruddy skin and yellowish hair. A few years older than I, but still under forty, he was already dis- tinguished in both philanthropy and sci- ence. I had always liked Harding, for a quick generosity and a spirit of genuine fellow- ship, almost as much as I admired the girl he had married: lovely Jerry Ware. I was indebted to him, as director of the Planet Research Foundation, for substan- tial aid to my polar flights. He had been a good friend--and I was deeply shocked, now, to see the change in him. His pale blue eyes fixed me with a penetration that I found disquieting, and his low voice, a new strange hardness in it, rapped: "Yes, Dunbar, you're going to fly us to the Pole--this season!" His eyes, always before so genially mild, were suddenly sharp as gimlets. "An explorer, you want fame: you want to advance science: you want money for another expedition. You've got a price, Dunbar--what is it?" A very rude reply was on my tongue. But my respect for the old Doctor Hard- ing, my old friendship for Jerry Ware, rose up in time to check the words. And Harding stabbed at me with an almost menacing forefinger.