BEDTIME TALES 15 breast for which he was searching amid the vast area of fur, she murmured: "Now, Wilbur! Be a good boy! I only suggested that you get your hand warm!" "Thanks for the suggestion!" he whis- pered, gently toying with the softness that lay beneath his palm. "This other hand is cold, too!" The re- mark brought a smile to Doris's red lips. She looked at him thrillingly. "May I warm it?" "Well, I don't want you to suffer from frozen fingers!" she said. "Then you couldn't drive." The implied consent was sufficient for Wilbur. In a second or two his arms vanished from sight amongst the fur. Doris snuggled closer. "Give me a little kiss!" he breathed. "We're going to a dance, aren't we? Or is this going to be a petting party?" His hand was coursing up and down her back in a way that sent repeated thrills chasing each other in rapid succession. Another hand was wandering in another direction that was capable of distributing a greater variety of thrills! "We'd better be going, Wilbur. We'll be late." "Oh, let's stay a little while. How about that kiss?" "Only one . . . that's all." But the moist parting of her lips pro- longed it to an extent that made it many kisses rolled into one. Doris's heart beat in a furious flutter, and her response was soulful! When their lips melted apart, she sigh- ed in bliss. "I'm mad about you!" declared Wilbur. "And I've got an idea! Let's pass up the dance and elope!" As their mouths met and clung tenu- ously once more, she whispered: "Where's the nearest minister, darling." Toward dawn, in a tiny hotel in another state where marriages can be consum- mated without interminable license de- lays, the newly-weds basked in the moon- beams that were peeping through the window of their room. "Your skin is glorious, sweetheart!" Wilbur's lips were avidly travelling, on and on, over a rapidly expanding terri- tory. Doris closed her eyes and sighed, twist- ing her bare arms about him in heavenly rapture. "And I think the perfume in your ato- mizer must be expensive! I like it." Laughing happily, Doris thought of Nelly and her ministrations that after- noon. "Kiss me, darling boy!" she gloated. "Kiss me and make it last f-o-r-e-v-e-r!" WHOOPEE IN SUITE 16 Bellhop: "Mrs. Newlywed, PLEASE put your phone on the hook. A switchboard dame who was listening-in just bit three men in the lobby. THE FATAL FOUNTAIN PEN Say it with flowers, Say it with sweets, Say it with kisses, Say it with eats, Say it with tender words, Say it with smiles, Say it with gallantries, Say it with wiles, Say it with perfumes, Say it with jack, Say it with dinner gowns, Low in the back. Say it with diamonds, That sparkle and shine, Say it with lingerie, Dainty and fine, Say it with jewelry, Trinkets of gold, Say it with vintages, Mellow and old, Say it with ermine, Or say it with mink; But don't be a d-fool And say it with ink!