BEDTIME TALES 47 "My little sweetheart!" His face could be no closer to hers, yet she had the feel- ing that he was drawing nearer, ever nearer. Her emotions were further stirred by his proximity; it had been ten long years since she had enjoyed the strange sensations of actually wanting the arms of a man about her, or desired kisses that were more than kisses. Cupping her face between fingers that trembled, he kissed her again, ardently, delightfully. She did not resist him; her head was in a whirl, and the blood pounded furiously in her ears. Her eyes closed tightly, in order that she might bet- ter feel his strength, his nearness. "Florette, ma cherie," he said softly, "won't you try to understand how utterly, unbelievably precious you have always been to me?" His breathing became lab- ored, and he crushed her fiercely to him. "I do understand,"she sighed, her bos- om heaving spasmodically. Her confession filled him with happi- ness. "You--you still love me?" She nodded her head, and in a wild gesture of abandon, her arms encircled his neck and drew down his lips to hers. "We must be dreaming!" Their lips met again, dug, and melted together..... It was long past the noon hour when the enraptured lovers permitted them- selves to return to earth. It had been so delightful, so wonderfully unreal, to linger in the Seventh Heaven of Reciprocated Affection. "I--I don't deserve this happiness," Florette whispered, shattering the sweet silence that hung between them. "I have been unworthy of your respect, Alcide. It was I who planned that party last night, and I who engineered the scheme which resulted in your desertion and conse- quent embarrassment." She paused for a moment, then went on: "I wanted re- venge, and I wanted to see you suffer! You have no idea what hell life has been during those long ten years since you left me in Alsace; left me to wait, and to hope, and to trust, until -" "Until your patience could no longer bear it!" he finished for her. "But do not blame yourself, cherie. It was my ridicu- lous pride that prevented me from com- municating with you. Two days after that occasion when I kissed your lips in fare- well, I was placed under arrest on a false charge and sentenced to five years' impris- onment. After being released four years later, unvindicated, I returned to Alsace, only to discover that your father had died, and you had gone away. I had al- most for[g]otten your features, but my love has lived, and will continue to live--al- ways!" Florette's head slumped to her breast. "I have been a beast," she sobbed, "a bitter, faithless beast!" "No, mon coeur," he said, taking her again into his arms. "You have been only a poor little girl too much in love to en- dure a test which proved too exacting! But come; we are again together, and to- gether, we will remain -" "Always, Alcide!" she promised. "Al- ways!" Couple: "Five dollars for a marriage? We haven't that [ ... ] much judge." We haven't that much, Judge." Justice: "Well, I can give you a trial marriage for two dollars." SOON The bathing girls will be making their first STRIPS of the season! Hub: "Don't buy any of those cheap eggs." Wife: "Why not, Ignatz?" Hub: "I don't like to wear anything but the best on my vest." HELPLESS HARRY HAS A BEAUTIFUL GIRL BUT SHE HAS NO CLOTHES AND HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. KEEP HER IN BED SO SHE WON'T CATCH A COLD, HARRY!