BEDTIME TALES 7 She laughed away his doubts. "Je t'adore!" she insisted passionately. "Noth- ing will ever take me away from you, new that--that--" "I know." He chewed nervously at his lower lip. "But there is something I must entire face of the matter." His eyes wav- ered, and his hands shook as with palsy. "What is it?" Contagiously, the germ tell you; something which may alter the her mouth was a splash of scarlet in the of his apprehension transferred itself to her. "I -- I'm--" The sound of footsteps in the lower hallway checked his confession, and his face blanched pathetically. Athough Marcelle's heart thumped an- xiously against her ribs, she remained silent, listening intently to the regular pace of the newcomer as he ascended the stairs, -approached the room-- "Bon jour." The door opened slowly, and a tall, distinguished man stepped across the threshold. Marcelle gazed at him in frank admiration; handsome to the point of actual beauty, with a figure which radiated elegance and position, he re- garded them with sparkling eyes. "I am happy to that you have definitely im- proved." "Almost unbelievably, Monsieur; bien merci," acknowledged the man in the bed. The newcomer smiled. "I rather ex- pected a different finale yesterday even- ing, Henri," he reminded. Henri! Marcelle stared at her newly betrothed in sheer consternation. Henri! Qu'elle diable! What did he mean--? "Mademoiselle," the other turned to her. and held out his hand, "I am Pierre Can- trelle. May I offer you my sincerest thanks for your share in our patient's miraculous recovery?" Marcelle's mouth gaped open. "You-- you are Pierre Cantrelle-?" "Assurement; no doubt Henri must have told you that I would return this morn- ing? Had I not been called away on ur- gent business, I assure you that I would have remained with you at his bedside throughout the night. Henri means more to me than I can readily express, made- moiselle. He has served me faithfully in a confidential position for nine years-" Marcelle nodded her head dumbly. The secretary! She had thrown away her most priceless possession upon a mere, penni- less pen-pusher! "Will you allow me to,reward you far your assistance?" The cultured voice of Pierre Cantrelle drifted to her ears, re- storing her to the present. "I--I suppose that I have--I have al- ready been--paid in full--" she stam- mered, and her fingers trembled as she endured the strange sensations of thou- sands of francs dribbling through them, like water through a sieve. . . .