BLACKWOOD 'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE . No . CCCXXXV . SEPTEMBER , 1843 . VOL . LIV . “ WE ARE ALL LOW PEOPLE THERE . ” A TALE OF THE ASSIZES . IN TWO CHAPTERS . CHAPTER THE FIRST . Some time ago , business of an important character carried me to the beautiful and populous city of ——. I remember to have visited it when I was a child , in the company of a doating mother , who breathed her last there ; and the place , associated with that circumstance , had ever afterwards been the gloomiest spot in the county of my birth . A calamity such as that to which I have alluded leaves no half impressions . It stamps itself deep , deep in the human heart ; and a change , scarcely less than organic , for good or ill , is wrought there . Agreeably with this fact , the scene itself of the event becomes at once , to the survivor , either hallowed and beloved , or hated and avoided . Not that natural beauty or deformity has any thing to do in the production of such feelings . They have a mysterious origin , and are , in truth , not to be accounted for or explained . A father sees the hope and joy of his manhood deposited amongst the gardens of the soil , and from that moment the fruitful fields and unobstructed sky are things he cannot gaze upon ; whilst the brother , who has lived in the court or alley of a crowded city with the sister of his infancy , and has buried her , with his burning tears , in the dense churchyard of the denser street , clings to the neighbourhood , close and unhealthy though it be , with a love that renders it for him the brightest and the dearest nook of earth . He cannot quit it , and be at peace . Causes that seem alike , are not always so in their effects . For my own part , for years after the first bitter lesson of my life became connected with that city , I could not think of it without pain , or hear its name spoken without suffering a depression of spirits , as difficult to throw off as are the heavy clouds that follow in the track , and hide the little light of a December sun . At school , I remember well how grievously I wept upon the map on which I first saw the word written , and how completely I expunged the characters from the paper , forbidding my eyes to glance even to the county from which I had erased them . Time passes , hardening the heart as it rolls over it , and we afford to laugh at the strong feelings and extravagant views of our youth . It is well , perhaps , that we do so ; and yet on that subject a word or two of profitable matter might be offered , which shall be withholden now . For many years I have battled through the world , an orphan , on my own account ; and it is not surprising that the vehemence of my early days should have gradually sobered down before the stern realities that have at every step encountered me . Long before I received the unwelcome intelligence , that it was literally incumbent upon me to revisit the spot of my beloved mother 's dissolution , the mention of its name had ceased to evoke any violent emotion , or to affect me as of old . I say unwelcome , because , notwithstanding the stoicism of which I boast , I felt quite uncomfortable enough to write to my correspondent by the return of post , urging him to make one more endeavour to complete my business without my aid , and to spare , if possible , my personal attendance . I gave no reason for this wish . I did not choose to tell a falsehood , and I had hardly honesty to acknowledge , even to myself — the truth . I failed , however , in my application , and with any but a cheerful mind , I quitted London on my journey . Thirty years before I had travelled to —— in a stupendous machine , of which now I recollect only that it seemed to take years out of my little life in arriving at its destination , and that , on its broad , substantial rear , it bore the effigy of “ an ancient Briton . ” Locomotion then , like me , was in a state of infancy . On the occasion of my second visit to the city , I had hardly time to wonder at the velocity with which I was borne along . Distance was annihilated . The two hundred miles over which the ancient Briton had wearisomely laboured , were reduced to twenty , and before I could satisfy myself that our journey was more than begun , my horseless coach , and fifty more besides , had actually gone over them . I experienced a nervous palpitation at the heart as I proceeded from the outskirts of the city , and grew more and more fidgety the nearer I approached the din and noise of the prosperous seat of business . I could not account for the feeling , until I detected myself walking as briskly as I could , with my eyes fixed hard upon the ground , as though afraid to glance upon a street , a house , an object which could recall the past , or carry me back to the first dark days of life . Then it was that I summoned courage , and , with a desperate effort to crush the morbid sensibility , raised myself to my full height , gazed around me , and awoke , effectually and for ever , from my dream . The city was not the same . The well-remembered thoroughfares were gone ; their names extinct , and superseded by others more euphonic ; the buildings , which I had carried in my mind as in a book — the thought of meeting which had given me so much pain , had been removed — destroyed , and not a brick remained which I could call a friend , or offer one warm tear , in testimony of old acquaintance . A noble street , a line of palaces — merchants ’ palaces — had taken to itself the room of twenty narrow ways , that , in the good old times , had met and crossed in close , but questionable , friendship . Bright stone , that in the sunlight shone brighter than itself , flanked every broad and stately avenue , denoting wealth and high commercial dignity . Every venerable association was swept away , and nothing remained of the long-cherished and always unsightly picture , but the faint shadow in my own brain — growing fainter now with every moment , and which the unexpected scene and new excitement were not slow to obliterate altogether . I breathed more freely as I went my way , and reached my agent 's house at length , lighter of heart than I had been for hours before . Mr Treherne was a man of business , and a prosperous one too , or surely he had no right to place before the dozen corpulent gentlemen whom I met on my arrival — a dinner , towards which the viscera of princes might have turned without ruffling a fold of their intestinal dignity . I partook of the feast — that is to say , I sat at the groaning table , and , like a cautious and dyspeptic man , I eat roast beef — toujours roast beef , and nothing else — appeased my thirst with grateful claret , and retired at last to wholesome sleep and quiet dreams . Not so the corpulent guests . It may be to my dyspeptic habit , which enables me to be virtuous at a trifling cost , and to nothing loftier , that I am bound to attribute the feeling with which I invariably sit down to feasting ; be this the fact or not , I confess that a sense of shame , uneasiness , and dislike , renders an affair of this kind to me the most irksome and unpleasant of enjoyments . The eagerness of appetite that one can fairly see in the watery and sensual eyes of men to whom eating has become the aim and joy of their existence — the absorption of every faculty in the gluttonous pursuit — the animal indulgence and delight — these are sickening ; then the deliberate and cold-blooded torture of the creatures whose marrowy bones are crunched by the epicure , without a thought of the suffering that preceded his intensely pleasurable emotions , and the bare mention of which , in this narrative , is almost more than sufficient , then , worst of all , the wilful prodigality and waste — the wickedness of casting to the dogs the healthy food for which whole families , widows , and beggared orphans are pining in the neighbouring street — the guilty indifference of him who finds the wealth for the profusion , and the impudent recklessness of the underling who abuses it . Such are a few of the causes which concur in giving to the finest banquet I have seen an aspect not more odious than humiliating ; and here I dwell upon the fact , because the incident which I shall shortly bring before the reader 's eye , served to confirm the feelings which I entertain on this subject , and presented an instructive contrast to the splendid entertainment which greeted my immediate arrival . I slept at the house of Mr Treherne , and , on the following morning , was an early riser . I strolled through the city , and , returning home , found my active friend seated at his breakfast-table , with a host of papers , and a packet of newly-arrived letters before him . The dinner was no more like the breakfast , than was my friend in the midst of his guests like my friend alone with his papers . His meal consisted of one slice of dry toast , and one cup of tea , already cold . The face that was all smile and relaxation of muscle on the preceding evening , was solemn and composed . You might have ventured to assert that tea and toast were that man 's most stimulating diet , and that the pleasures of the counting-house were the highest this world could afford him . I , however , had passed the evening with him , and was better informed . Mr Treherne requested me to ring the bell . I did so , and his servant speedily appeared with a tray of garnished dainties , of which I was invited to partake , with many expressions of kindness uttered by my man-of-business , without a look at me , or a movement of his mind and eye from the pile of paper with which he was busy . In the course of half an hour , I had brought my repast to a close , and Mr Treherne was primed for the conflict of the day . His engagements did not permit him to give me his assistance in my own matters until the following morning . He begged me to excuse him until dinner-time — to make myself perfectly at home — to wile away an hour or so in his library — and , when I got tired of that , to take what amusement I could amongst the lions of the town — offering which advice , he quitted me and his house with a head much more heavily laden , I am sure , than any that ever groaned beneath the hard and aching knot . Would that the labourer could be taught to think so ! After having passed an unsatisfactory hour in Mr Treherne 's library , in which the only books which I cared to look at were very wisely locked up , on account of their rich binding , too beautiful to be touched , I sauntered once more through the broad streets of the city , and , in my solitary walk , philosophized upon the busy spirit of trade which pervaded them . It is at such a time and place that the quiet and observant mind is startled by the stern and settled appearance of reality and continuance which all things take . If the world were the abiding-place of man , and life eternity , such earnestness , such vigour , such intensity of purpose and of action as I saw stamped upon the harassed brows of men , would be in harmony with such a scene and destination . HERE such concentration of the glorious energies of man is mockery , delusion , and robs the human soul of — who shall say how much ? Look at the stream of life pouring through the streets of commerce , from morn till night , and mark the young and old — yes , the youngest and the oldest — and discover , if you can , the expression of any thought but that of traffic and of gain , as if the aim and end of living were summed up in these . And are they ? Yes , if we may trust the evidence of age , of him who creeps and totters on his way , who has told his threescore years and ten , and on the threshold of eternity has found the vanity of all things . Oh , look at him , and learn how hard it is , even at the door of death , to FEEL the mutability and nothingness of earth ! Palsied he is , yet to the Exchange he daily hies , and his dull eye glistens on the mart — his ear is greedy for the sounds that come too tardily — his quick and treble voice is loud amongst the loudest . He is as quick to apprehend , as eager now to learn , as ravenous for gain , as when he trusted first an untried world . If life be truly but a shadow , and mortals but the actors in the vision , is it not marvellous that age , and wisdom , and experience build and fasten there as on a rock ? Such thoughts as these engaged my mind , as I pursued my way alone , unoccupied , amongst the labouring multitude , and cast a melancholy hue on things that , to the eye external , looked bright , beautiful , and enduring . I was arrested in my meditations at length by a crowd of persons — men , women , and children — who thronged about the entrance of a spacious , well-built edifice . They were for the most part in rags , and their looks betrayed them for poor and reckless creatures all . They presented so singular a feature of the scene , contrasted so disagreeably with the solid richness and perfect finish of the building , that I stopped involuntarily , and enquired into the cause of their attendance . Before I could obtain an answer , a well-dressed and better-fed official came suddenly to the door , and bawled the name of one poor wretch , who answered it immediately , stepped from the crowd , and followed the appellant , as the latter vanished quickly from the door again . A remark which , at the same moment , escaped another of the group , told me that I stood before the sessions ’ - house , and that a man , well known to most of them , was now upon trial for his life . He was a murderer — and the questionable-looking gentleman who had been invited to appear in court , had travelled many miles on foot , to give the criminal the benefit of his good word . He was the witness for the defence , and came to speak to character ! My curiosity was excited , and I was determined to see the end of the proceeding . It is the custom to pay for every thing in happy England . I was charged box-price for my admittance , and was provided with as good a seat as I could wish , amongst the é lite of the assembly . Quick as I had been , I was already too late . There was a bustle and buzz in the court , that denoted the trial to be at an end . Indeed , it had been so previously to the appearance of the devoted witness , whose presence had served only to confirm the evidence , which had been most damnatory and conclusive . The judge still sat upon the bench , and , having once perceived him , it was not easy to withdraw my gaze again . “ The man is surely guilty , ” said I to myself , “ who is pronounced so , when that judge has summed up the evidence against him . ” I had never in my life beheld so much benignity and gentleness — so much of truth , ingenuousness , and pure humanity , stamped on a face before . There was the fascination of the serpent there ; and the longer I looked , the more pleasing became the countenance , and the longer I wished to protract my observation and delight . He was a middle-aged man — for a judge , he might be called young . His form was manly — his head massive — his forehead glorious and intellectual . His features were finely formed ; but it was not these that seized my admiration , and , if I dare so express myself , my actual love , with the first brief glance . The EXPRESSION of the face , which I have already attempted faintly to describe , was its charm . Such an utter , such a refreshing absence of all earthiness — such purity and calmness of soul — such mental sweetness as it bespoke ! When I first directed my eye to him , it seemed as if his thoughts were abstracted from the comparatively noisy scene over which he presided — busy it might be , in reviewing the charge which he had delivered to the jury , and upon the credit of which the miserable culprit had been doomed to die . I do not exaggerate when I assert , that at this moment — during this short reverie — his face , which I had never seen before , seemed , by a miracle , as familiar to me as my own — a fact which I afterwards explained , by discovering the closest resemblance between it and a painting of our Saviour , one of the finest works of art , the production of the greatest genius of his time , and a portrait which is imprinted on my memory and heart by its beauty , and by repeated and repeated examination . The touching expressiveness of the countenance would not have accorded with the stern office of the judge , had not its softness been relieved by a bold outline of feature , and exalted by the massy formation of the head itself . These were sufficient to command respect — that made its way quickly to the heart . An opportunity was soon afforded me to obtain some information in respect of him . I was not surprised to hear that his name and blood were closely connected with those of a brilliant poet and philosopher , and that his own genius and attainments were of the highest character . I was hardly prepared to find that his knowledge as a lawyer was profound , and that he was esteemed erudite amongst the most learned of his order . My attention was called reluctantly from the judge to the second case of the day , which now came for adjudication . The court was hushed as a ruffian and monster walked sullenly into the dock , charged with the perpetration of the most horrible offences . I turned instinctively from the prisoner to the judge again . The latter sat with his attention fixed , his elbow resting on a desk , his head supported by his hand . Nothing could be finer than the sight . Oh ! I would have given much for the ability to convey to paper a lasting copy of that countenance — a memorial for my life , to cling to in my hours of weakness and despondency , and to take strength and consolation from the spectacle of that intelligence , that meekness and chastity of soul , thus allied and linked to our humanity . It was instructive to look alternately at the criminal and at him who must award his punishment . There they were , both men — both the children of a universal Father — both sons of immortality . Yet one so unlike his species , so deeply sunken in his state , so hideous and hateful as to be disowned by man , and ranked with fiercest brutes ; the other , as far removed , by excellence , from the majority of mankind , and as near the angels and their ineffable joy as the dull earth will let him . Say what we will , the gifts of Heaven are inscrutable as mysterious , and education gives no clue to them . The business of the hour went on , and my attention was soon wholly taken up in the development of the gigantic guilt of the wretched culprit before me . I could not have conceived of such atrocity as I heard brought home to him , and to which , miserable man ! he listened , now with a smile , now with perfect unconcern , as crime after crime was exhibited and proved . His history was a fearful one even from his boyhood ; but of many offences of which he was publicly known to be guilty , one of the latest and most shocking was selected , and on this he was arraigned . It appeared that for the last few years he had cohabited with a female of the most disreputable character . The issue of this connexion was a weakly child , who , at the age of two years , was removed from her dissolute parents through the kindness of a benevolent lady in the neighbourhood , and placed in the care of humble but honest villagers at some distance from them . The child improved in health and , it is unnecessary to add , in morals . No enquiry or application was made for her by the pair until she had entered her fifth year , and then suddenly the prisoner demanded her instant restoration . The charitable lady was alarmed for the safety of her proteg é e , and , with a liberal price , bought off the father 's natural desire . He duly gave a receipt for the sum thus paid him , and engaged to see the child no more . The next morning he stole the girl from the labourer 's cottage . He was seen loitering about the hut before day-break , and the shrieks of the victim were heard plainly at a considerable distance from the spot where he had first seized her . Constables were dispatched to his den . It was shut up , and , being forced open , was found deserted , and stripped of every thing . He was hunted over the county , but not discovered . He had retired to haunts which baffled the detective skill of the most experienced and alert . This is the first act of the tragedy . It will be necessary to stain these pages by a description of the last . The child became more and more unhappy under the roof of her persecutors , as they soon proved themselves to be . She was taught to beg and to steal , and was taken into the highways by her mother , who watched near her , whilst , with streaming eyes , the unhappy creature now lied for alms , now pilfered from the village . Constant tramping , ill treatment , and the wear and tear of spirit which the new mode of existence effected , soon reduced the child to its former state of ill health and helplessness . She pined , and with her sickness came want and hunger to the hut . The father , affecting to disbelieve , and not listening to the sad creature 's complaint , still dismissed her abroad , and when she could not walk , compelled the mother to carry her to the public road , and there to leave her in her agony , the more effectually to secure the sympathy of passengers . Even this opportunity was not long afforded him . The child grew weaker , and was at length unable to move . He plied her with menaces and oaths , and , last of all , deliberately threatened to murder her , if she did not rise and procure bread for all of them . She had , alas ! no longer power to comply with his request , and — merciful Heaven !— the fiend , in a moment of unbridled passion , made good his fearful promise . With one blow of a hatchet — alas ! it needed not a hard one — he destroyed her . I caught the judge 's eye as this announcement was made . It quivered , and his countenance was pale . I wished to see the monster too , but my heart failed me , and my blood boiled with indignation , and I could not turn to him . The short account which I have given here does bare justice to the evidence which came thick and full against the prisoner , leaving upon the minds of none the remotest doubt of his fearful criminality . The mother , and a beggar who had passed the night in the hut when the murder was perpetrated , were the principal witnesses against the infanticide , and their depositions could not be shaken . I waited with anxiety and great irritability for the sentence which should remove the prisoner from the bar . The earth seemed polluted as long as he breathed upon it ; he could not be too quickly withdrawn , and hidden for ever in the grave . The case for the prosecution being closed , a young barrister arose , and there was a perfect stillness in the court . My curiosity to know what this gentleman could possibly urge on behalf of his client was extreme . To me “ the probation bore no hinge , nor loop to ban a doubt on . ” But the smoothfaced counsellor , whose modesty had no reference to his years , seemed in no way burdened by the weight of his responsibility , nor to view his position as one of difficulty and risk . He stood , cool and erect , in the silence of the assembly , and with a self-satisfied smile he proceeded to address the judge . Yes , he laughed , and he had heard that heart-breaking recital ; and the life of the man for whom he pleaded was hardly worth a pin 's fee . The words of the poet rushed involuntarily to my mind . “ Heaven ! ” I mentally exclaimed , “ Has this fellow no feeling of his business — he sings at grave-making ! ” He made no allusion to the evidence which had been adduced , but he spoke of INFORMALITY . I trembled with alarm and anger . I had often heard and read of justice defeated by such a trick of trade ; but I prayed that such dishonour and public shame might not await her now . Informality ! Surely we had heard of the cold-blooded cruelty , the slow and exquisite torture , the final deathblow ; there was no informality in these ; the man had not denied his guilt , his defender did not seek to palliate it . Away with the juggle , it cannot avail you here ! But in spite of my feverish security , the shrewd lawyer — well might he smile and chuckle at his skill — proceeded calmly to assert the prisoner 's right to his immediate discharge ! There was a flaw in the declaration , and the indictment was invalid . And thus he proved it . The man was charged with murdering his child — described as his , and bearing his own name . Now , the deceased was illegitimate , and should have borne its mother 's name . He appealed to his lordship on the bench , and demanded for his client the benefit which law allowed him . You might have heard the faintest whisper in the court , so suspended and so kept back was every drop of human breath , whilst every eye was fixed upon the judge . The latter spoke . “ The exception was conclusive ; the prisoner must be discharged . ” I could not conceive it possible . What were truth , equity , morality — Nothing ? And was murder innocence , if a quibble made it so ? The jailer approached the monster , and whispered into his ear that he was now at liberty . He held down his head stupidly to receive the words , and he drew it back again , incredulous and astounded . Oh , what a secret he had learned for future government and conduct ! What a friend and abettor , in his fight against mankind , had he found in the law of his land ! I was maddened when I saw him depart from the well-secured bar in which he had been placed for trial . There he had looked the thing he was — a tiger caught , and fastened in his den . Could it do less than chill the blood , and make the heart grow sick and faint , to see the bolts drawn back — the monster loosed again , and turned unchained , untamed , fiercer than ever , into life again ? Legislators , be merciful to humanity , and cease to embolden and incite these beasts of prey ! Melancholy as the above recital is , it is to be considered rather as an episode in this narration , than as the proper subject of it . Had my morning 's adventure finished with this disgraceful acquittal , the reader would not have been troubled with the perusal of these pages . My vexation would have been confined to my own breast , and I should have nourished my discontent in silence . The scene which immediately followed the dismissal of the murderer , is that to which I have chiefly to beg attention . It led to an acquaintance , for which I was unprepared — enabled me to do an act of charity , for which I shall ever thank God who gave me the power — and disclosed a character and a history to which the intelligent and kind-hearted may well afford the tribute of their sympathy . It was by way of contrast and relief , I presume , that the authorities had contrived that the next trial should hardly call upon the time and trouble of the court . It was a case , in fact , which ought to have been months before summarily disposed of by the committing magistrate , and one of those too frequently visited with undue severity , whilst offences of a deeper dye escape unpunished , or , worse still , are washed away in gold . A poor man had stolen from a baker 's shop a loaf of bread . The clerk of the arraigns , as I believe he is called , involved this simple charge in many words , and took much time to state it but when he had finished his oration , I could discover nothing more or less than the bare fact . A few minutes before the appearance of the delinquent , I remarked a great bustle in the neighbourhood of the young barrister already spoken of . A stout fresh-coloured man had taken a seat behind him with two thinner men , his companions , and they were all in earnest conversation . The stout man was the prosecutor — his companions were his witnesses — and the youthful counsellor was , on this occasion , retained against the prisoner . I must confess that , for the moment , I had a fiendish delight in finding the legal gentleman in his present position . “ It well becomes the man , ” thought I , “ through whose instrumentality that monster has been set free , to fall with all his weight of eloquence and legal subtlety upon this poor criminal . ” If he smiled before , he was in earnest now . He frowned , and closed his lips with much solemnity , and every look bespoke the importance of the interests committed to his charge .— A beggar !— and to steal a loaf of bread ! Ay , ay ! society must be protected — our houses and our homes must be defended . Anarchy must be strangled in its birth . Such thoughts as these I read upon the brow of youthful wisdom . Ever and anon , a good point in the case struck forcibly the lusty prosecutor , who communicated it forthwith to his adviser . He listened most attentively , and shook his head , as who should say “ Leave that to me — we have him on the hip . ” The witnesses grew busy in comparing notes , and nothing now was wanting but the great offender — the fly who must be crushed upon the wheel — and he appeared . Reader , you have seen many such . You have not lived in the crowded thoroughfares of an overgrown city , where every grade of poverty and wealth , of vice and virtue , meet the eye , mingling as they pass along — where splendid royalty is carried quicker than the clouds adown the road which palsied hunger scarce can cross for lack of strength — where lovely forms , and faces pure as angels ’ in their innocent expression , are met and tainted on the path by unwomanly immodesty and bare licentiousness — amongst such common sights you have not dwelt , and not observed some face pale and wasted from disease , and want , and sorrow , not one , but all , and all uniting to assail the weakly citadel of flesh , and to reduce it to the earth from which it sprung . Such a countenance was here — forlorn — emaciated — careworn — every vestige of human joy long since removed from it , and every indication of real misery too deeply marked to admit a thought of simulation or pretence . The eye of the man was vacant . He obeyed the turnkey listlessly , when that functionary , with a patronizing air , directed him to the situation in the dock in which he was required to stand , and did not raise his head to look around him . A sadder picture of the subdued , crushed heart , had never been . Punishment ! alack , what punishment could be inflicted now on him , who , in the school of suffering , had grown insensible to torture ? Notwithstanding his rags , and the prejudice arising from his degraded condition , there was something in his look and movements which struck me , and secured my pity . He was very ill , and had not been placed many minutes before the judge , when he tottered and grew faint . The turnkey assisted the poor fellow to a chair , and placed in his hands , with a rough but natural kindness , which I shall not easily forget , a bunch of sweet-smelling marjoram . The acknowledgement which the miserable creature attempted to make for the seasonable aid , convinced me that he was something better than he seemed . A shy and half-formed bow — the impulse of a heart and mind once cultivated , though covered now with weeds and noxious growths — redeemed him from the common herd of thieves . In the calendar his age was stated to be thirty-five . Double it , and that face will warrant you in your belief . Desirous as I was to know the circumstances which had led the man to the commission of his offence , it was not without intense satisfaction that I heard him , at the commencement of the proceedings , in his thin tremulous voice , plead guilty to the charge . There was such rage painted on the broad face of the prosecutor , such disappointment written in the thinner visage of the counsellor , such indignation and astonishment in those of the witnesses , that you might have supposed those gentlemen were interested only in the establishment of the prisoner 's innocence , and were anxious only for his acquittal . For their sakes was gratified at what I hoped would prove the abrupt conclusion of the case . The prisoner had spoken ; his head again hung down despondingly — his eyes , gazing at nothing , were fixed upon the ground ; the turnkey whispered to him that it was time to retire — he was about to obey , when the judge 's voice was heard , and it detained him . “ Is the prisoner known ? ” enquired his lordship . The counsellor rose instanter . “ Oh , very well , my lud — an old hand , my lud — one of the pests of his parish . ” “ Is this his first offence ? ” The barrister poked his ear close to the mouth of the prosecutor before he answered . “ By no means , my lud — he has been frequently convicted . ” “ For the like offence ? ” enquired the Judge . Again the ear and mouth were in juxtaposition . “ We believe so , my lud — we believe so , ” replied the smart barrister ; “ but we cannot speak positively . ” The culprit raised his leaden eye , and turned his sad look towards the judge , his best friend there . “ For BEGGARY , my lord , ” he uttered , almost solemnly . “ Does any body know you , prisoner ? ” asked my lord . “ Can any one speak to your previous character ? ” The deserted one looked around the court languidly enough , and shook his head , but , at the same instant there was a rustling amongst the crowd of auditors , and a general movement , such as follows the breaking up of a compact mass of men when one is striving to pass through it . “ Si-lence ! ” exclaimed a sonorous voice , belonging to a punchy body , a tall wand , and a black bombasin gown ; and immediately afterwards , “ a friend of the prisoner 's , my lord . Get into that box — speak loud — look at his lordship . Si-lence ! ” The individual who caused this little excitement , and who now ascended the witness 's tribune , was a labouring man . He held a paper cap in his hand , and wore a jacket of flannel . The prisoner glanced at him without seeming to recognize his friend , whilst the eyes of the young lawyer actually glistened at the opportunity which had come at last for the display of his skill . “ What are you , my man ? ” said the judge in a tone of kindness . “ A journeyman carpenter , please your worship . ” “ You must say my lord — say my lord , ” interposed the bombasin gown . “ Speak out . Si-lence ! ” “ Where do you live ? ” “ Friar 's Place — please you , my lord . ” The bombasin smiled pitifully at the ignorance of the witness , and said no more . “ Do you know the prisoner at the bar ? ” “ About ten weeks ago — please you , my lord , I was hired by the landlord — ” “ Answer his lordship , sir , ” exclaimed the counsel for the prosecution in a tone of thunder . “ Never mind the landlord . Do you know the prisoner ? ” “ Why , I was a saying , please you , my lord , about ten weeks ago I was hired by the landlord — ” “ Answer directly , sir , ” continued the animated barrister — “ or take the consequences . Do you know the prisoner ? ” “ Let him tell his story his own way , Mr Nailhim , ” interposed his lordship blandly . “ We shall sooner get to the end of it . ” Mr Nailhim bowed to the opinion of the court , and sat down . “ Now , my man , ” said his lordship , “ as quickly as you can , tell me whatever you know of the prisoner . ” “ About ten weeks ago — please you , my lord , ” began the journey-man de novo , “ I was hired by the landlord of them houses as is sitiwated where Mr Warton lives — ” ( The bombasin looked at the witness with profound contempt , and well he might ! The idea of calling a prisoner at the bar Mr — stupendous ignorance !) “ and I see 'd him day arter day , and nobody was put to it as bad as he was . He has got a wife and three children , and I know he worked as hard as he could whilst he was able ; but when he got ill he could n't , and he was druv to it . I have often taken a loaf of bread to him , and all I wish is , he had stolen one of mine behind my back instead of the baker 's . I should n't have come agin him , poor fellow ! and I am sure he would n't have done it if his young uns had n't been starving . I never see 'd him before that time , but I could take my affidavy he 's an industrious and honest man , and as sober , please you , my lord , as a judge . ” At this last piece of irreverence , the man with the staff stood perfectly still , lost as it seemed , in wonder at the hardihood of him who could so speak . “ Have you any thing more to say ? ” asked his lordship . The carpenter hesitated for a second or two , and then acknowledged that he had not ; and , such being the case , it seemed hardly necessary for Mr Nailhim to prolong his examination . But that gentleman thought otherwise . He rose , adjusted his gown , and looked not only at the witness , but through and through him . “ Now , young man , ” said he , “ what is your name ? ” “ John Mallett , sir , ” replied the carpenter . “ John Mallett . Very well . Now , John Mallett , who advised you to come here to-day ? Take care what you are about , John Mallett . ” The carpenter , without a moment 's hesitation , answered that his “ old woman had advised him ; and very good advice it was , he thought . ” “ Never mind your thoughts , sir . You do n't come here to think . Where do you live ? ” The witness answered . “ You have not lived long there , I believe ? ” “ Not quite a fortnight , sir . ” “ You left your last lodging in a hurry too , I think , John Mallett ? ” “ Rather so , sir , ” answered Innocence itself , little dreaming of effects and consequences . “ A little trouble , eh , John Mallett ? ” “ Mighty deal your lordship , ah , ah , ah ! ” replied the witness quite jocosely , and beginning to enjoy the sport . “ Do n't laugh here , sir , but can you tell us what you were doing , sir , last Christmas four years ? ” Of course he could not — and Mr Nailhim knew it , or he never would have put the question ; and the unlucky witness grew so confused in his attempt to find the matter out , and , in his guesses , so confounded one Christmas with another , that first he blushed , and then he spoke , and then he checked himself , and spoke again , just contradicting what he said before , and looked at length as like a guilty man as any in the jail . Lest the effect upon the court might still be incomplete , the wily Nailhim , in the height of Mallett 's trouble , threw , furtively and knowingly , a glance towards the jury , and smiled upon them so familiarly , that any lingering doubt must instantly have given way . They agreed unanimously with Nailhim . A greater scoundrel never lived than this John Mallett . The counsellor perceived his victory , and spoke . “ Go down , sir , instantly , ” said he , “ and take care how you show your face up there again . I have nothing more to say , my lud . ” And down John Mallett went , his friend and he much worse for his intentions . “ And now this mighty case is closed ! ” thought I . “ What will they do to such a wretch ! ” I was disappointed . The good judge was determined not to forsake the man , and he once more addressed him . “ Prisoner , ” said he , “ what induced you to commit this act ? ” The prisoner again turned his desponding eye upwards , and answered , as before — “ Beggary , my lord . ” “ What are you ? ” “ Nothing , my lord — any thing . ” “ Have you no trade ? ” “ No , my lord . ” “ What do your wife and children do ? ” “ They are helpless , my lord , and they starve with me . ” “ Does no one know you in your neighbourhood ? ” “ No one , my lord . I am a stranger there . We are all low people there , my lord . ” There was something so truly humble and plaintive in the tone with which these words were spoken , and the eyes of the afflicted man filled so suddenly with tears as he uttered them , that I became affected in a manner which I now find it difficult to describe . My blood seemed to chill , and my heart to rush into my throat . I am ashamed to say that my own eyes were as moist as the prisoner 's . I resolved from that moment to become his friend , and to enquire into his circumstances and character , as soon as the present proceedings were at an end . “ How long has the prisoner been confined already ? ” “ Something like three months , my lud , ” answered the barrister cavalierly as if months were minutes . “ It is punishment enough , ” said the judge — “ let him be discharged now . Prisoner , you are discharged — you must endeavour to get employment . If you are ill , apply to your parish ; there is no excuse for stealing — none whatever . You are at liberty now . ” The information did not seem to carry much delight to the heart of him whom it was intended to benefit . He rose from his chair , bowed to his lordship , and then followed the turnkey , in whose expression of countenance and attentions there was certainly a marked alteration since the wind had set in favourably from the bench . The man departed . Moved by a natural impulse , I likewise quitted the court the instant afterwards , enquired of one of the officials the way of egress for discharged prisoners , and betook myself there without delay . What my object was I cannot now , as I could not then , define . I certainly did not intend to accost the poor fellow , or to commit myself in any way with him , for the present , at all events . Yet there I was , and I could not move from the spot , however useless or absurd my presence there might be . It was a small low door , with broad nails beaten into it , through which the liberated passed , as they stepped from gloom and despair , into freedom and the unshackled light of heaven . I was not then in a mood to trust myself to the consideration of the various and mingled feelings with which men from time to time , and after months of hopelessness and pain , must have bounded from that barrier , into the joy of liberty and life . My feelings had become in some way mastered by what I had seen , and all about my heart was disturbance and unseemly effeminacy . There was only one individual , besides myself , walking in the narrow court-yard , which , but for our footsteps , would have been as silent as a grave . This was a woman — a beggar — carrying , as usual , a child , that drew less sustenance than sorrow from the mother 's breast . She was in rags , but she looked clean , and she might once have been beautiful ; but settled trouble and privation had pressed upon her hollow eye — had feasted on her bloomy skin . I could not tell her age . With a glance I saw that she was old in suffering . And what was her business here ? For whom did she wait ? Was it for the father of that child ?— and was she so satisfied of her partner 's innocence , and the justice of mankind , that here she lingered to receive him , assured of meeting him again ? What was his crime ?— his character ?— her history ? I would have given much to know , indeed , I was about to question her , when I was startled and detained by the drawing of a bolt — the opening of the door — and the appearance of the very man whom I had come to see . He did not perceive me . He perceived nothing but the mother and the child — his wife and his child . She ran to him , and sobbed on his bosom . He said nothing . He was calm — composed ; but he took the child gently from her arms , carried the little thing himself to give her ease , and walked on . She at his side , weeping ever ; but he silent , and not suffering himself to speak , save when a word of tenderness could lull the hungry child , who cried for what the mother might not yield her . Still without a specific object , I followed the pair , and passed with them into the most ancient and least reputable quarter of the city . They trudged from street to street , through squalid courts and lanes , until I questioned the propriety of proceeding , and the likelihood of my ever getting home again . At length , however , they stopped . It was a close , narrow , densely peopled lane in which they halted . The road was thick with mud and filth ; the pavement and the doorways of the houses were filled with ill-clad sickly children , the houses themselves looked forbidding and unclean . The bread-stealer and his wife were recognised by half a dozen coarse women , who , half intoxicated , thronged the entrance to the house opposite to that in which they lodged , and a significant laugh and nod of the head were the greetings with which they received the released one back again . There was little heart or sympathy in the movement , and the wretched couple understood it so . The woman had dried her tears — both held down their heads — even there — for shame , and both crawled into the hole in which , for their children 's sake , they lived , and were content to find their home . Now , then , it was time to retrace my steps . It was , but I could not move from the spot — that is , not retreat from it , as yet . There was something to do . My conscience cried aloud to me , and , thank God , was clamorous till I grew human and obedient . I entered the house . A child was sitting at the foot of the stairs , her face and arms begrimed — her black hair hanging to her back foul with disease and dirt . She was about nine years old ; but evil knowledge , cunning duplicity , and the rest , were glaring in her precocious face . She clasped her knees with her extended hands , and swinging backwards and forwards , sang , in a loud and impudent voice , the burden of an obscene song . I asked this creature if a man named Warton dwelt there . She ceased her song , and commenced whistling — then stared me full in the face and burst into loud laughter . “ What will you give if I tell you ? ” said she , with a bold grin . “ Will you stand a glass of gin ? ” I shuddered . At the same moment I heard a loud coughing , and the voice of the man himself overhead . I ascended the stairs , and , as I did so , the girl began her song again , as if she had suffered no interruption . I gathered from a crone whom I encountered at the top of the first flight of steps , that the person of whom I was in quest lived with his family in the back room of the highest floor ; and thither , with unfailing courage , I proceeded . I arrived at the door , knocked at it briskly without a moment 's hesitation , and recognized the deep and now well-known tones of Warton in the voice desiring men to enter . The room was very small , and had no article of furniture except a table and two chairs . Some straw was strewn in a corner of the room , and two children were lying asleep upon it , their only covering being a few patches of worn-out carpet . Another layer was in the opposite corner , similarly provided with clothing . This was the parents ’ bed . I was too confused , and too anxious to avoid giving offence , to make a closer observation . The man and his wife were sitting together when I entered . The former had still the infant in his arms , and he rose to receive me with an air of good breeding and politeness , that staggered me from the contrast it afforded with his miserable condition — his frightful poverty . “ I have to ask your pardon , ” said I , “ for this intrusion , but your name is Warton , I believe ? ” “ It is , sir , ” he replied — and the eyes of the wife glistened again , as she gathered hope and comfort from my unexpected visit . She trembled as she looked at me , and the tears gushed forth again . ( “ These are not bad people , I will swear it , ” I said to myself , as I marked her , and I took confidence from the conviction , and went on .) “ I have come to you , ” said I , “ straight from the sessions ’ - house , where , by accident , I was present during your short trial . I wish to be of a little service to you . I am not a rich man , and my means do not enable me to do as much as I would desire ; but I can relieve your immediate want , and perhaps do something more for you hereafter , if I find you are deserving of assistance . ” “ You are very kind , sir , ” answered the man , “ and I am very grateful to you . We are strangers to you , sir , but I trust these ( pointing to his wife and children ) may deserve your bounty . For myself — ” “ Hush , dear ! ” said his wife , with a gentleness and accent that confounded me . Low people ! why , with full stomachs , decent clothing , and a few pounds , they might with every propriety have been ushered at once into a drawing-room . “ Poor Warton is very ill , sir , ” continued the wife , “ and much suffering has robbed him of his peace of mind . I am sure , sir , we shall be truly grateful for your help . We need it , sir , Heaven knows , and he is not undeserving — no , let them say what they will . ” I believed it in my heart , but I would not say so without less partial evidence . “ Well , ” I continued , “ we will talk of this by and by . I am determined to make a strict enquiry , for your own sakes as well as my own . But you are starving now , it seems , and I sha'n ' t enquire whether you deserve a loaf of bread . Here , ” said I , giving , them a sovereign , “ get something to eat , for God 's sake , and put a little colour , if you can , into those little faces when they wake again . ” The man started suddenly from his chair , and walked quickly to the window . His wife followed him , alarmed , and took the infant from his arms , whilst he himself pressed his hand to his heart , as though he would prevent its bursting . His face grew deathly pale . The female watched him earnestly , and the hitherto silent and morose man , convulsed by excess of feeling , quivered in every limb , whilst he said with difficulty — “ Anna , I shall die — I am suffocated — air — air — my heart beats like a hammer . ” I threw the window open , and the man drooped on the sill , and wept fearfully . “ What does this mean ? ” I asked , speaking in a low tone to the wife . “ Your sudden kindness , sir . He is not able to bear it . He is proof against cruelty and persecution — he has grown reckless to them , but constant illness has made him so weak , that any thing unusual quite overcomes him . ” “ Well , there , take the money , and get some food as quickly as you can . I will not wait to distress him now . I will call again to-morrow ; he will be quieter then , and we 'll see what can be done for you . Those children must be cold . Have you no blankets ? ” “ None , sir . We have nothing in the world . What , you see here , even to the straw , belongs , to the landlord of the house , who has been charitable enough to give us shelter . ” “ Well , never mind — do n't despond — do n't give way — keep the poor fellow 's sprits up . Here 's another crown . Let him have a glass of wine , it will strengthen him ; and do you take a glass too . I shall see you again to-morrow . There , good-by . ” And , fool and woman that I was , on I went , and stood for some minutes , ashamed of myself , in the passage below , because , forsooth , I had been talking and exciting myself until my eyes had filled uncomfortably with water . It was impossible for me to go to sleep again until I had purchased blankets for these people , and so I resolved at once to get them . I was leaving the house for that purpose , when a porter with a bundle entered it . “ Whom do you want , my man ? ” said I . “ One Warton , sir ” , said he . “ Top of the house , ” said I again — “ back room — to the right . What have you got there ? ” “ Some sheets and blankets , sir . ” “ From whom ? ” “ My master sir , here 's his card . ” It was the card of an upholsterer living within a short distance of where I stood . I directed the porter again , and forthwith sallied to the man of furniture . Here I learnt that I had been forestalled by an individual as zealous in the cause of poor Warton as myself . I was glad of this , for I knew very well , in doing any little piece of duty , how apt our dirty vanity is to puff us up , and to make us assume so much more than we have any title to ; and it is nothing short of relief to be able to extinguish this said vanity in the broad light of other men 's benevolence . The upholsterer , however , could not inform me who this generous man was , or how he had been made aware of Warton 's indigence . It appears that he had called only a few minutes before I arrived , and had requested that the articles which he purchased should be sent , without a moment 's delay , to the address which he gave . He waited in the shop until the porter quitted it , and then departed , having , at the request of the upholsterer , who was curious for the name of his customer , described himself in the day-book as Mr Jones . “ He was not a gentleman , ” said the man of business , “ certainly not , and he did n't look like a tradesman . I should say , ” he added , “ that he was a gentleman 's butler , for he was mighty consequential , ordered every body about , and wanted me to take off discount . ” My mind being made easy in respect of the blankets , I had nothing to do but to return , as diligently as I could , to the house of my friend , Mr Treherne . I reached his dwelling in time to prepare for dinner , at which repast , as on the previous evening , I encountered a few select friends and opulent business men . These were a different set . Before joining them , Treherne had given me to understand that they were all very wealthy , and very liberal in their politics , and before quitting them I heartily believed him . There was a great deal of talk during dinner , and , as the newspapers say , after the cloth was removed , on the aspect of affairs in general . The corn-laws were discussed , the condition of the Irish was lamented , the landed gentry were abused , the Church was threatened , the Tories were alluded to as the enemies of mankind and the locusts of the earth ; whilst the people , the poor , the labouring classes , the masses , and whatever was comprised within these terms , had their warmest sympathy and approbation . My habits are somewhat retired , and I mix now little with men . I can conscientiously affirm , that I never in my life heard finer sentiments or deeper philanthropy than I did on this occasion from the guests of my friend , and with what pleasure I need not say , when it suddenly occurred to me to call upon them for a subscription on behalf of the starving family whom I had met that day . “ You must take care , my dear sir , ” said a gentleman , before I had half finished my story , ( he might be called the leader of the opposition from the precedence which he took in the company in opposing all existing institutions ,) — “ You must , indeed ; you are a stranger here . You must not believe all you hear . These fellows will trump up any tale . I know them of old . Do n't you be taken in . Take my word — it 's a man 's own fault if he comes to want . Depend upon it . ” “ So it is — so it is ; that 's very true , ” responded half-a-dozen gentlemen with large bellies , sipping claret as they spoke . “ I do not think , gentlemen , ” I answered , “ that I am imposed upon in this case . ” “ Ah , ah ! ” said many Liberals at once , shaking their heads in pity at my simplicity . “ At all events , ” I added , “ you 'll not refuse a little aid . ” “ Certainly , I shall , ” replied the leader ; “ it 's a rule , sir . I would n't break through it . I act entirely upon principle ! I can n't encourage robbery and vagrancy . It 's Quixotic . ” “ Quite so — quite so ! ” murmured the bellies . “ Besides , there 's the Union ; we are paying for that . Why do n't these people go in ? Why , they tell me they may live in luxury there ! ” “ He has a wife and three children — it 's hard to separate , perhaps — ” “ Pooh , pooh , sir ! ” “ Pooh , pooh ! ” echoed the bellies . “ And , I 'll tell you what , sir , ” said the gentleman emphatically in conclusion , “ if you want to do good to society , you must n't begin at the fag end of it ; leave the thieves to the jailers , and the poor to the guardians . Repeal the corn-laws — give us free trade — universal suffrage — and religious liberty ; that 's what we want . I do n't ask you to put a tax upon tallow — why do you want to put a tax upon corn ? I do n't ask you to pay my minister — why do you want me to pay your parson ? I do n't ask you — ” “ Oh ! do n't let us hear all that over again , there 's a good fellow , ” said Treherne , imploringly . “ Curse politics . Who is for whist ? The tables are ready . ” The company rose to a man at the mention of whist , and took their places at the tables . I did not plead again for poor Warton ; but his wretched apartment came often before my eyes in the glitter of the wax-lit room in which I stood , surrounded by profusion . His unhappy but faithful wife — his sleeping children — his own affecting expression of gratitude , occupied my mind , and soothed it . What a blessed thing it is to minister to the necessities of others ! How happy I felt in the knowledge that they would sleep peacefully and well that night ! I had been for some time musing in a corner of the room , when I was roused by the loud voice of the Liberal . “ Well , I tell you what , Treherne , I 'll bet you five to one on the game . ” “ Done ! ” said Treherne . “ Crowns ? ” added the Liberal . “ Just as you like — go on — your play . ” In a few minutes the game was settled . The Liberal lost his crowns , and Treherne took them . Madmen both ! Half of that sum would have given a month 's bread to the beggars . Did it enrich or serve the wealthy winner ? No . What was it these men craved ? They could part with their money freely when they chose . Was it excitement ? And is none to be derived from appeasing the hunger , and securing the heartfelt prayers of the naked and the poor ? I withdrew from the noisy party , and retired to my room , determined to investigate the affairs of my new acquaintances at an early hour in the morning , and effectually to help them if I could . CHAPTER THE SECOND . Mr Treherne readily acquiesced in my wish to delay the execution of our business for another day , when I made the proposition to him on our meeting the following morning at his breakfast table . He seemed so thoroughly engrossed in his own affairs , so overwhelmed with his peculiar labours , that he was , I believe , grateful to me for the reprieve . For my own part , I had engaged to afford myself a week 's recreation , and I had no wish to revisit London until the last moment of my holiday had been accomplished . It is little pastime that the employments of the present day enable a man to take , who would fain retain his position , and not be elbowed out of it by the ninety and nine unprovided gentlemen who are waiting for a scramble . The race of life has grown intense — the runners are on each other 's heels . Woe be to him who rests , or stays to tie his shoe-string ! Our repast concluded , and Mr Treherne , again taking leave of me until dinner-time , I set out at once for the attic of my unhappy bread-stealer . What was the object of my visit ? I had given him a sovereign . What did I intend further to do for him ? I had , in truth , no clear conception of my purpose . The man was ill , friendless , without employment , and had “ the incumbrances , ” wife and children , as the sick and unemployed invariably do have ; but although these facts , coming before a man , presented a fair claim upon his purse ( if he chanced to have one ) to the extent of that purse 's ability , yet the demand closed legitimately here , and the hand of charity being neither grudgingly nor ostentatiously proffered , the conscience of the donor and the heart of the receiver had no reason whatever to complain . Still my conscience was not at ease , and it did complain whenever I hesitated and argued the propriety of engaging any further in the business of a man whom I had known only a few hours , and whose acquaintance had been made , certainly , not under the most favourable circumstances . It is a good thing to obey an instinct , if it be stimulated toward that which is honourable or good for man to do ; yes , though cold deliberation will not give it sanction . It was an urging of this kind that led me on . Convinced that I had done enough for this unhappy man , I was provoked , importuned to believe that I ought to do still more . “ It may be ” — the words forced their way into my ears — “ that the interest which has been excited in me for this family , is not the result of a mere accident . Providence may have led me to their rescue , and confided their future welfare to my conduct . He is an outcast — isolated amongst men — may be a worthy and deserving creature , crushed and kept down by his misfortunes . Is a trifling exertion enough to raise him , and shall I not give it to him ? ” Then passed before my eyes visions , the possibility of realizing which , made me blush with shame for a moment 's indecision or delay . First , I pictured myself applying to my friend Pennyfeather , who lives in that dark court near the Bank of England , and sleeps in Paradise at his charming villa in Kent , and gaining through his powerful interest a situation — say of eighty pounds per annum — for the father of the family ; then visiting that incomparable and gentle lady , Mrs Pennyfeather , whose woman 's heart opens to a tale of sorrow , as flowers turn their beauty to the sun , and obtaining a firm promise touching the needle-work for Mrs Warton . And then the scene changed altogether , and I was walking in the gayest spirits , whistling and singing through Camden town on my way to their snug lodgings in the vale of Hampstead heath — and the time is twilight . And first I meet the children , neatly dressed , clean , and wholesome looking , jumping and leaping about the heather at no particular sport , but in the very joy and healthiness of their young blood — and they catch sight of me , and rush to greet me , one and all . They lead me to their mother . How beautiful she has become in the subsidence of mental tumult , in quiet , grateful labour , and , more than all , in the sunlight of her husband 's gradual restoration ! She is busy with her needle , and her chair is at the window , so that she may watch the youngsters even whilst she works ; and near her is the table , already covered with a snow-white cloth , and ready for “ dear Warton ” when he comes home , an hour hence , to supper . “ Well , you are happy , Mrs Warton , now , I think , ” say I . “ Yes , thanks to you , kind sir , ” is the reply . “ We owe it all to you ; ” and the children , as if they understand my claim upon their love , hang about my chair ;— one at my knee , looking in my face ; another with my hand , pressing it , with all his little might , in his ; a third inactive , but ready to urge me to prolong my stay , as soon as I should think of quitting them . What a glow of comfort and self-respect passed through my system , as the picture , bright with life and colour , fixed itself upon my brain , stepping , as I was , into the unwholesome lane , and shrinking from the foetid atmosphere . I could hesitate no longer . I began to make my plans as I trudged up the filthy stairs . The measured tones of a voice , engaged apparently with a book , made me stop short at the attic floor . I recognised the sound , and caught the words . The mendicants were at their prayers . “ The benevolent stranger ” was not forgotten in the supplication , nor was he unmoved as be listened in secret to the fervent accents of his fellow man . Whilst I have no pretension to the character of a saint , I am free to confess , that amongst the fairest things of earth few look so sublime as piety , steadfast and serene , amidst the cloud and tempest of calamity . Was it so here ? I had yet to learn . A striking improvement had taken place in the aspect of the room since the preceding evening . The straw was gone . Its place had been supplied by the gift of the anonymous benefactor , of whom , by the way , nothing was known , or had since been heard . The beds were already removed to an angle of the apartment — the pieces of carpet were converted into a rug for the fire place , and a chair or two were ready for visitors . Warton himself looked a hundred per cent better — his wife was all smiles , when she could refrain from tears ; and the children had been too much astonished by their sumptuous fare , to be any thing but satiated , contented , happy . My vision was already half realized . When I had submitted for an inconvenient space of time to their reiterated thanks and protestations , I put an end to further expressions of gratitude , by informing them that my stay in the city was limited — that I had no time for any thing but business , and that we must have as few words as possible . I wished to know in what way I could effectually serve them . “ You said , sir , yesterday , ” replied Warton , “ that you would take no steps in our favour , until you had satisfied yourself that we , at least , deserved your bounty . Had you not said it , I should not have been happy until I had afforded you all the satisfaction in my power . Heaven knows I owe it to you ! It is to you , sir — ” “ Come , my good fellow , remember what I told you . No protestations . Let us come to the point . ” “ Thank you , sir — I will . Are you acquainted with London ? ” “ Tolerably well . What then ? ” “ You may have heard , sir , of a merchant there of the name of —— ” “ Ay have I . One of our first men . Do you know him ? Will he give you a character ? ” “ He is my uncle , sir — my mother 's brother . Apply to him , and he will tell you I am a plunderer and a villain . ” I looked at Mr Warton , somewhat startled by his frank communication , and waited to hear more . “ It is false — it is false ! ” continued the speaker emphatically . “ I cannot melt a rock . I cannot penetrate a heart of stone . If I could do so , he would be otherwise . ” “ You surprise me ! ” I exclaimed . “ That I live , sir , is a miracle to myself . That I have not been destroyed by the misery which I have borne , is marvellous . A giant 's strength must yield before oppression heaped upon oppression . But there , sir ” — he added , pointing to his wife , and struggling for composure — “ there has been my stay , my hope , my incitement ; but for her — God bless her ” — The wife motioned him to be silent , and he paused . “ This excitement is too much for him , is it not ? ” I asked . “ Come , Mr Warton , you are still weak and unwell . I will not distress you now . ” “ I ask your pardon , sir . Three years ’ illness , annoyance , irritation , poverty , have made me what you see me . It has not been so always . I was vigorous and manly until the flesh gave way , and refused to bear me longer up . But I will be calm . It is very strange , sir , but even now one look from her subdues me , and restores me to myself . ” “ You have received a good education — have you not , Mr Warton ? ” “ Will you spare an hour , sir , to listen to my history ? ” “ I should be glad to hear it , ” I replied , “ but it will be as well to wait , perhaps — ” I looked enquiringly at his wife . “ No , sir , ” resumed the man , “ I am tranquil now . It is a hard task , but I have strength for it . You shall know every thing . Before you do a second act of charity , you shall hear of the trials of those whom you have saved already . You shall be satisfied . ” “ Well , be it so , ” I answered . “ Proceed , and I will listen patiently . ” Warton glanced at his wife , who rose immediately and quitted the room with her three children . The latter were evidently staggered by the sudden change in their circumstances , and they stared full in my face until the latest moment . Being left alone with my new acquaintance , I felt , for a short time , somewhat ill at ease ; but when the poor fellow commenced his history , my attention was excited , and I soon became wholly engrossed in his recital , which proved far more strange and striking than I had any reason to expect . Mr Warton , as well as I can remember , spoke to me as follows :— “ Knowing what you do , sir , ” he began , “ you will smile , and hardly believe me , when I tell you that the sin of Pride has been my ruin . Yes , criminal as I was yesterday — beggar as I am to-day — surrounded by every sign and evidence of want , I confess it to my shame — Pride , has helped to bring me where I am — Pride , not resulting from the consciousness of blood , or the possession of dignities and wealth — but pride , founded upon nothing . I am one of three children . I had two sisters — both are dead . My father was a workhouse boy , and his parentage was unknown . I told you that I had little reason to build a self-esteem upon my family descent ; yet there was a period in my life when I would have given all I had in the world for an honourable pedigree — to know that I had bounding in my veins a portion of the blood that ages since had fallen to secure a nation 's liberties , or in any way had served to perpetuate its fame . Wealth , simple wealth , I always regarded with disdain . I revered the well-born . My father was apprenticed from the workhouse to a maker of watch-springs , living in Clerkenwell ; but after remaining with his master a few months , during which time he was treated with great severity , he ran away . He obtained a situation in the establishment of a silk-merchant in the city , and began life on his own account as helper to the porter of the house . My father , sir — we may speak well of the departed — had great abilities . He was a wonderful man — not so much on account of what he accomplished , ( and , in his station , this was not a little ,) as for what he proved himself to be , under every disadvantage that could retard a man struggling through the world , even from his infancy . His perseverance was remarkable , and he had a depth of feeling which no ill treatment or vicissitude could diminish . He must have risen amongst men ; for mind is buoyant , and leaps above the grosser element . He had resolved , in his first situation , to do his duty strictly , rather to overdo than to fall short of it , and to make himself , if possible , essential to his employers . He saw , likewise , the advantage of respectful behaviour , and cheerfulness of temper . Whatever he did , he did with a good grace , and with a willingness to oblige , that secured for him the regard of those he served . He was not long in discovering , that it was impossible for him to advance far with his present amount of attainment , however sanguine he might be , and resolute in purpose . The porter 's boy might lead in time to the office of porter ; but there was no material rise from this , and the emolument was , at the best , sufficient only for the necessities of life . He learned that the head of the firm himself had been originally a servant in the establishment , and had been promoted gradually from the desk , on account of his industry , trustworthiness , and skill in figures . Now , honest and industrious my father knew himself to be , but of skill in figures he had none . He determined at once to make himself a good accountant , and every leisure hour was employed thenceforward with that object . At the same time he was diligent in improving his handwriting , in storing his mind with useful information , and in preparing himself for any vacancy which might occur at the desk , when his age would justify him in offering himself to fill it . He had held his situation for three years , when an accident happened that materially helped him on . A fire broke out in his master 's warehouse . The gentleman was from home , and nobody was on the premises at the time but the porter and himself , who lived and slept in the house . It was in the middle of the night . A fierce wind set in when the flames were at their highest , and , before morning , the place was a heap of ruins . In the first alarm , my father remembered that , in the counting-house , a tin box had been left by his master , which previously had always been carefully locked away in the iron chest . He was sure that it contained papers of great value , and that its loss would be severely felt . He determined to secure it , or , at the least , to make every endeavour . He succeeded , and gained the treasure almost at the expense of life . He was not mistaken in his supposition . In the box were deposited documents of the highest importance to his master ; and the latter , delighted with the boy 's acuteness , and grateful for the service , was eager to remunerate him . My father made known his wishes , and his acquaintance with accounts , and in less than six months as soon , indeed , as the house was rebuilt — he had his foot on the first step of the ladder , and took his place amongst the clerks in the counting-house . Ah , sir ! there is nothing like perseverance . My father knew his powers , and was the man to exert them . He worked at the desk from morning till night . He gave his heart to his business , and no time was his which could be given to that . What was the consequence ? His less energetic brethren envied and hated him , but his employer esteemed and valued him . And he ascended rapidly . It is said that circumstances make the man . I doubt the truth of this . The highest order of minds controls them , moulds them to his purposes , and makes them what he will . Time and opportunity are the crutches of the timid and the helpless . In the course of a few years , my father became the youngest partner in the firm — the youngest , but the most active and the most useful . He began to accumulate . He remained in this position until he reached his thirtieth year , when he looked abroad for a companion and a home . He proposed as a suitor to the daughter of his senior partner — a vain and foolish , although a wealthy man , who had made great plans for his child , and looked for an alliance with nobility . She , a proud and handsome girl , scorned the approaches of the silk-merchant , and wondered at his boldness . One word , sir , of her , before I follow my father in his career . Oh , the vicissitudes of life — the changes — the sudden rise — the violent fall of men ! Well may the player say , ‘ The spirits of the wise sit in the clouds and mock us . ’ They do , they do , what a spectacle for gods is man ! The woman , sir this arrogant , this supercilious damsel , cradled in gold and satin , and bred in the glossy lap of luxury — died — rotted on a dunghill . Her father gained his nobleman — she , a paramour . She eloped with a marquis , who deserted her . She returned to her home , and found it shut against her . She who had feasted upon the choice morsels of abundance , must , like me , commit crime for a loaf of bread . She is carried abroad by a new protector , and strangers bear her to a pauper 's grave . This was her fate , sir . But to return . In consequence of the refusal , a coolness arose between the partners . An angry word or two took place — a taunt — something too galling for my father 's pride was spoken , and there was a separation . My father then commenced business on his own foundation — it is hardly necessary for me to say with success . He could not but prosper . To fail whilst reason was left him was impossibility . He soon married . His wife — my mother — was the daughter of a rich merchant . You know the name , sir . Her brother , my uncle , bears the same . I told it you just now . There could not have been a more unfortunate union . My father was full of feeling and noble impulses , intelligent , active , passionate , and required , if not his own qualities in a partner , at least a milder reflex of himself — a woman that could appreciate his nature , encourage , help , support him ; a woman , in a word , with a heart and mind , and both devoted . My mother , unfortunately for her , for all , had no sympathy for her husband — had nothing to offer him but the portion which she brought , and the hand which her father bade her give . She was a cold — must I say it ?— unfeeling woman , with little thought beyond herself , her apparel , and her pleasures . I hope , sir , I shall make you understand me . It is hard to speak disparagingly of her who gave me life . Let me be careful that I do her justice . I bring against her no charge of vice . I believe her not vicious . I ever considered her too weak to be so . I would have you imagine a woman apathetic and characterless ; her mental powers just equal to providing her with a becoming garment ; her feelings capable , perhaps , of their full expansion if a stranger moved them with some hollow compliment upon her good taste , or , easier still , her beauty — for she was not without this dangerous gift — a lovely image , sir . I have myself , as a boy , often seen a radiance upon her countenance at such a season , when the pretty gambols of my infant sister has failed to draw one smile of approbation . The little sensibility she had waited on a paltry vanity . I may say with truth , that her children caused her no pain . By a fortunate physical constitution , she bore the burden of a mother without the pangs that usually attend a mother 's state . In this respect she was considered a remarkable woman by those who deemed their judgement in such matters sound . Once in the world , her care was at an end . I have heard , sir — I have read of mother 's love . I can feel what it should be ; I can guess what wonders it may work in the wayward spirit of man ; for I longed and yearned for it , but it never came . My elder sister died when a child of two years . My father was then in the zenith of his prosperity , and was absorbed in his affairs ; yet this loss — this heavy blow — came upon him like a thunderstroke . Many things occupied his time , but this alone his mind . Deep sighs would escape him in the active prosecution of his business , and his cheeks were suffused with tears as he sped along the city 's streets , sacred only to gain and worldly commerce . He doated on his girls , and to lose one was to lose half the joy of his existence . The effect of this calamity was otherwise on my mother ; and I revert to the difference in order to make clear to you their respective natures . My mother wept at the death of her child — she would not else have been a woman ; but as I have seen weak watery clouds pass across the moon 's surface , leaving the planet untouched and tranquil in their transit , so the thin veil of her sorrows did not disturb the palpable unconcern — the neutrality of soul that were behind . One easy flow of tears , and the claim of the departed was satisfied . In a day , the privation had ceased to be one . Here then , sir , are the seeds of a wilderness of after woe : my father , overflowing with affection , and craving , as it were , for sympathy , turning to my mother , and finding there a blank — nothing to rest upon . ‘ What is fortune , ’ says the poet , ‘ to a heart yearning for affection , and finding it not ? Is it not as a triumphal crown to the brows of one parched with fever , and asking for one fresh , healthful draught — the cup of cold water ? ’ So it was here , and hence husband and wife became soon estranged from one another . The former , busy from hour to hour in his counting-house , had little time to spare upon his children ; the latter , with all her time at her disposal , took no delight in the task . My sister and I , in our infancy , were made over to strangers ; and from the hands of the nurse we were transmitted to those of the schoolmistress . When I was old enough , I was removed from my sister 's school , and placed , with a select number of young gentlemen , under the care of a highly respectable master . It was here that my pride began to take root . One of my schoolfellows was the son of a general , another the son of a large landed proprietor , a third was heir to a peerage , a fourth traced his ancestors to a period when the soil was yet untrodden by a Norman foot . I was chagrined at my position — irritated — humbled , but the boys , especially those to whom I have alluded , behaved towards me with extreme kindness , and whilst I felt humbled , I did not envy them , because I loved them . I had one advantage , I was the son of a rich merchant , as he was called in the school , although I knew that title to be one of courtesy only , and I was ashamed of the little superiority which that advantage gave me . What cause for pride can there be in the possession of so much dross ? You will smile , sir , when I tell you of the resolution which fixed itself in the mind of a boy scarcely in his teens . My playfellows were respected on account of the considerations which I have named . Why should I not be respected ? I vowed that I would become so . And how ? For what ? For nothing less , sir , than myself ; for my own high principle and integrity of conduct . It is true , sir . There were the sons of a noble ancestry about me who would condescend to tell a falsehood , the nephew of an officer who was mean enough to borrow money and not repay it . There were many whose notions of honour were lax and unbecoming . Had I entertained them , they must have been fatal to me . Discarding them for ever , and speaking and acting on all occasions , of trifling or of serious moment , with the most jealous regard to truth and honesty , I relied upon securing for myself what my predecessors had failed to leave me — the respect of my fellow-men , and a good and honourable name . It seems a noble resolution . I repent it to this hour . It is true that I rose rapidly in the estimation of my master , and that I was regarded even with deference , as I grew up , by boys of my own age , and of better standing ; but it is no less true , that , from the moment my determination was made , I became morbidly anxious for the good opinion of men , painfully alive to ridicule , and as fearful of the breath of slander or reproach as though it came loaded with the plagues of Egypt . With such an idiosyncrasy , what becomes of happiness on earth ? But I tire you , sir . ” “ Go on , I beg of you , ” I answered , deeply interested in the narrative , and no less surprised at the language and manner of the speaker , both of which convinced me that he was a man of genius and of education . The whole thing was a mystery , and I was impatient for the solution and the end . “ Do not fatigue yourself , ” I continued . “ For my own part I listen with the greatest interest . ” “ I remember , sir , ” proceeded Mr Warton , “ as if it were yesterday , my first return home . It was for the midsummer holidays , and gay enough were my spirits then . All was sunshine and hope . I had not seen my parents for two years . It seemed as if twenty had passed over my father 's head since our leave-taking . His hair had become blanched , and a settled frown had grown upon his brow . His forehead was full of lines and wrinkles ; his lips were constantly pressed together ; anger was the predominant expression of his face . The openness of countenance which had so well become him , and which inspired me even as a child with loving confidence , was chased away , and disappointment and vexation had seated themselves in its place . He relaxed for a moment when he saw me , and pressed me , even then , passionately to his arms ; but the clouds soon gathered again , and asserted their right of possession . I , boylike and apprehensive , concluded that his affairs were in a disordered state . I had but one thought at the time . I prayed that misfortune , and not dishonesty , might appear to the world as the occasion of his difficulties . My mother looked younger than ever . She was dressed with much care , and there was a bloom upon her cheek that would have adorned a country maiden . Not a line , not a shadow of a line , was visible on her soft skin — not a tooth had departed from the ivory and well-formed set . She had retained all that was valueless , and had lost entirely and irreparably the priceless treasure of her husband 's love . At supper-time , on the very first evening of my arrival , I was made thoroughly aware of the fearful change which , in so short a time , had come over the spirit of our home . Joy , I knew , had long since fled from it — now peace had been startled , and there was discord , nothing but discord , at the hearth . My father drew his chair to the table , in the sullen and angry temper which I have told you was visible on his countenance at our meeting . It seemed at first as though he had received offence elsewhere , and was resolved to remain discomforted . I could not understand it , but I was awed by his frown , and sat in terror . In a few minutes , the flame burst forth . My father required a silver spoon . There was one within arm 's reach of him . ‘ But why was it not before him ? ’ He repeated the question again and again , until he forced an answer , which gave him no satisfaction , but provoked fresh rage . Then came insipid remonstrances from my mother , foolish argument — passionless , but not on that account less irritating , allusions to the past . There was little incitement required , and a word from her lips scarcely worth noticing was sufficient to maintain a quarrel for an hour . To a stranger , the scene would have been lamentable ; to me , their child , it was sad and sickening indeed . I have no terms to express to you the fierceness of my father 's anger . By degrees , he lost all mastery over himself ; he used the most opprobrious epithets , and , but for me , he would have struck her . For three hours this state of things continued , and at midnight they withdrew , to retire to separate beds , and separate rooms . “ ‘ And all this , ’ said my mother as she closed her door — ‘ all this for the sake of a paltry spoon ! ’ Ah ! poor woman , could she but have understood how guiltless of offence was that said spoon , she would have learnt the secret of her troubles ; but we are not all physicians , sir , and we do not trouble ourselves concerning the seat of our complaint , whilst its effects are killing us with pain . It was evident that every spark of affection was extinguished in my father 's breast , that his disposition was soured , and that , cause or no cause , misery must be our daily bread . I could not sleep that night , and I rose from my bed in the morning , determined to speak boldly to my father on what had taken place . I loved him — child never loved parent better — and I knew I could speak respectfully — affectionately — yes , and solemnly to him ; for , God bless him — he was proud of me , and he listened with regard to my words — on account of my little education , already so superior to his own . I was better able to remonstrate with him , because I had taken no part in the contest which I had witnessed , further than placing myself between them when his rage seemed to have robbed him of reason . “ I stepped into his bed-room before he quitted it . “ Father ” — said I . “ ‘ What ? Edgar , ’ he replied kindly , ‘ what can I do for you ? ’ “ I had arranged in my mind the words which I proposed to utter , but they vanished suddenly , and I could do nothing but weep . “ My father , sir , was the strangest of men . Indeed , since his alienation from his wife , the most unaccountable . Rude and violent as he could be to her — he was the tenderest , the most anxious of fathers . He turned pale as death when he saw me in tears , and entreated me to tell him what I suffered . I gained confidence from his anxiety , and spoke . “ ‘ Father , ’ I said , ‘ you must not be angry with me for speaking boldly . Poor mother ! you will kill her — you do not treat her well . I am sure nothing could justify all you said and did last night . You called her cruel names . It is not right . I am certain it is not . ’ “ ‘ Edgar , ’ said my father , frowning as he went on , ‘ be silent . You are a child , and I love you . I will do any thing for your happiness . I forbid you to speak to me of your mother . ’ “ ‘ But if you love me , ’ I answered quickly , ‘ you ought to love my mother , too . Oh ! do , dear father — do be kind and loving to her . ’ “ ‘ Edgar , ’ exclaimed my parent passionately , ‘ you are very young now — you will be older if you live , and then I can speak to you as a friend . You cannot understand me now . She has broken your father 's heart — she has rendered me the most miserable of men . I would I could speak to you , dear Edgar but this tongue will perhaps be cold and immovable before you can understand the tale . I am wretched , wretched , indeed ! ’ “ My father was overcome . He could not himself refrain from tears . I felt deeply for him , and would have given any thing to hear this secret cause of grief . But his expressions kept me silent ; and I clasped his hands in pity . “ ‘ Edgar , ’ he continued in a loud voice , and speaking through his tears , ‘ listen to my words . They are sacred . Receive them as you would my dying syllables . You may be distant when the blow falls which divides us . Edgar , I implore you , when you become a man , to let one consideration only guide you in your selection of a partner . Mark me — only one — see that she has a heart — a virtuous heart — and that it be yours entire . Despise wealth — beauty — family — look to nothing but that . Would to Heaven that I had !— Edgar — your happiness — your salvation , every thing , depends upon it . I have lost all — I am crushed and ruined ; but do you , dear child , learn wisdom from your father 's wreck . ’ “ He said no more . I could not answer him , for my heart was choked . In a few minutes he bade me , in a quiet tone , retire to the breakfast room ; and shortly afterwards he made his own appearance there , looking as moodily and cross when he beheld my mother , as when he had encountered her at supper on the night before . “ Now , sir , I am ashamed to confess to you — but I have asked you to hear my history — and you shall hear the truth in the teeth of shame — that all my sympathy was , from this hour , towards my father , and against my mother . It may be wrong — wicked — but I could not control the strong feeling within me . His words had left a powerful impression upon my mind . His tone , his tears — his man 's tears — stamped those words with truth , and I believed him wronged . In what way I knew not — nor did I care . It was sufficient for me to hear it , as I did , from his lips , and to be told that it was not possible to reveal more . Besides , sir , I have already intimated to you that there was little tenderness in my mother 's heart for me . She was cold , indifferent , and had never had part in all my little joys and griefs . My father , even with his heavy fault — a fault almost pardoned , as I believed ; by the provocation — watched my boyish steps , and rejoiced with me in my well-doing . Nothing had interest for me which was not important to him . He encouraged me in learning . He grudged no money that could be spent in my improvement — he had no joy so great as that which waited on my desire for knowledge . He had been to me a playmate , counsellor , friend , whenever his slender opportunities permitted him to escape to me ; and evidences of the most devoted affection had disturbed my youthful heart with an emotion too deep for utterance in the silence and solitude of my schoolboy hours . Yes — right or wrong — by necessity — my sympathy was all for him . And to convince you , sir , that my feelings were enlisted in his cause , irrespectively of self , without the most distant view to my own interest , I have but to refer to the life which I passed under his roof , until I left it , to return , for a second time , to the enjoyments and consolations — as they were always — of my school . Although his affection for me was unbounded , it was not long before I perceived , with bitterness and trouble , that it was impossible for him to save me from the fury of a temper which he had no longer power to govern . I could read , or I believed I could , his inmost soul , and I could see the hourly struggle for forbearance and self-control . It was in vain . If his passion obtained the rein for an instant — it was wild — away — beyond his reach — and he thought not , in the paroxysm , of the sufferer , whose smile he would not have ruffled in the season of sobriety and quiet . I did not fail again and again to remonstrate on behalf of my mother — for the scene which I have described to you became an endless one ; but perceiving at length that representation added only fuel to the fire , I desisted . My lively habits soon appeared to be unsuited to the new order of things . My father would once have smiled with enjoyment at some piece of boyish mischief which now roused him to anger , and before excuse could be offered , or pardon asked — the severest chastisement — I cannot tell how severe , was inflicted on my flesh . ” “ Madman ! ” I exclaimed involuntarily , interrupting Warton in his narrative . “ Madman do you say , sir ? ” he answered quickly . “ Yes , I have often thought so — and to an extent , I grant you — if it be madness to have the reason prostrate before passion . But it is profitless to define the malady . I would have you dwell , sir , on the cause — her fatal apathy — her indifference — I know not what besides — which made him what he was . You may imagine , sir , that my blood has boiled beneath the punishment — that I have burned with indignation beneath the weight of it , undeserved and cruel as it was . Oh , sir ! God has visited me these many years with sore affliction . I am a forlorn , disabled , cast-off creature — nothing lives viler than the thing I have become ; and yet in this dark hour I thank my Maker with an overflowing grateful heart that He tied down my hands when they have tingled in my agony to return the father 's blow . I never did — I never did . ” The speaker grew more and more excited , and his voice at last failed him . I rose , and retired to the window , but he proceeded whilst my face was turned away . I know not why — but my own eyes smarted . “ Yes , sir , time after time the horrible desire to be avenged , and to give back blow for blow , has possessed me ; and , as if eternal torture were to be the immediate penalty of the unnatural act , I have thrown my arms behind me , clasped hand in hand , and held them tiger-like together , until the fit was passed away . And then who could be more penitent , more sorrowful , than he ! Within an hour of perpetrating this barbarity , he has met me with a look pleading for forgiveness , which I would have given him had he offended me , oh much — much more . What could he say to his child ? What could his child allow him to utter ? Nothing . I have kissed him ; he has taken me by the hand , we have walked abroad together ; and he has loaded me with gifts for the joy of our reconciliation . ” Curious as I was to hear more , I deemed it expedient , for the present , to close the history . The man seemed carried away by the subject , and his cheeks were scorched with this burning flush which the unusual exertion of mind and body had summoned up . He spoke vehemently — hurriedly — at the top of his voice , and I knew not how far his agitation might carry him . I again proposed to him to abstain from fatigue , and to leave his history unfinished for the present . He paused for a few minutes , wiped the heavy perspiration from his brow , and answered me in a calm and steady voice — “ I will transgress no more , sir . I have never spoken of these things yet — and they come before my mind too vividly — they inflame and mislead me . I ask your pardon . But let me finish now — the tale is soon told — I cannot for a second time revert to it . ” “ Go on , ” I answered , yielding once more to his wish , and in the same composed and quiet voice he began again . “ The first watch which I called my own , was given to me on one of these occasions . My father had requested me to execute some small commission . I forgot to do it . In his eyes the fault for a moment assumed the form of wilful disobedience . That moment was enough — he was roused — the paroxysm prevailed — and I was beaten like a dog . An hour afterwards he was persuaded that his child was not undutiful . His reason had returned to him , and , with it a load of miserable remorse . He offered me , with a tremulous hand , the bauble , which I accepted ; and , as I took it , I saw a weight of sorrow tumble from his unhappy breast . This was my father , sir . A man who would have been the best of fathers — had he been permitted , as his heart directed him , to be the tenderest of husbands . I could see in my boyhood that blame attached to my mother — to what extent I did not know . I lived in the hope of hearing at some future time . That time never came . I remained at home two months , and then went back to school . I received a letter from one of my father 's clerks , who was an especial favourite of mine . It must have been about a week after my departure . It told me that my father had drooped since I quitted him . On the morning that I came away , he left his business and locked himself in my bedroom . He was shut up at least two hours there . Fifty different matters required his presence in the counting-house , and at length my friend , the clerk , disturbed him . When the door was opened he found his master , his eyes streaming with tears , intent upon a little book in which he had seen me reading many days before . Oh , it was like him , sir ! Within a few days I received another letter from the same hand . My father was dangerously ill , and I was summoned home . I flew , and arrived to find him delirious . He had been seized with inflammation the day before . The fire blazed in a system that was ripe for it . The doctors were baffled . Mortification had already begun . He did not recognize me , but he spoke of me in his delirium in terms of endearment , whilst curses against my mother rolled from his unconscious lips . Three hours after my arrival he was a corpse . And such a corpse ! They told me it was my father , and I believed them . “ Are you , sir , fatherless ? ” asked Warton suddenly . I told him , and he continued . “ You have felt then the lightning shock that has altered the very face of nature . Earth , before and after that event , is not the same . It never was to human being yet . It cannot be . What a secret is learnt upon that day ! How tottering and insecure have become the things of life that seemed so firm and fixed ! The penalty is heavy which we pay for the privilege to be our own master . Oh , the desolation of a fatherless home ! My father died , having made no will . So it was said at first — but in a few days there was another version . My mother 's brother — the uncle that I spoke of — then appeared upon the stage , and was most active for his sister 's interests . He had never been a friend of my father 's . They had not spoken for years . I did not know why . I had never enquired — for the man was a stranger to me , and since my birth he had not crossed our threshold . My father believed that his relative had wronged him — of this I was sure — and I hated him therefore when he appeared . When my father was buried , this man produced a will . I was present when it was read — bodily present ; but my heart and soul were away with him in the grave — and with him , sir , in heaven , beyond it . They told me at the conclusion of the ceremony , that my father had died worth fifty thousand pounds — that he had left my mother the bulk of his property — to my sister a fortune of ten thousand pounds , and to me the sum of a hundred and fifty pounds per annum . But they might have talked to stone . What cared my young and inexperienced , and still bleeding heart , for particulars and sums ? A crust without him was more than enough . It was more than I could swallow now — and what was wealth to me ? My uncle , I heard afterwards , watched me as the different items were read over , and seemed pleased to observe upon my face no sign of disappointment . That he was pleased , I am certain , for he spoke kindly to me when all was over , and said that I was a good boy , and should be taken care of . “ - Taken care of - ! ” — and so I was — and so I am — for look about you , sir , and observe the evidences of my uncle 's love . The clerk , to whom I have alluded , took an early opportunity to remind me of the nature of my father 's will — and to hint to me suspicions of foul play . I readily believed him . It was not that I cared for the money . At that age I was ignorant of its value , and my little portion seemed a mine of wealth . But I wished to dislike my uncle , because he had given pain to my dear father . I avoided his presence as much as I could , and I made him feel that my aversion was hearty . We never became friends . We seldom spoke — and never but when obliged . He was a coarse man then — I have not seen him for many years — ungentlemanly and unfeeling in his deportment . It would have been as easy for him to alter the framework of his body as to have shown regard for the sensibilities of other men . He lived to amass . He counts his tens of thousands now — they may have been scraped together amidst the groans and shrieks of the distressed , but there they are — he has them , and he is happy . I asked , and obtained from my mother , permission to return to school . I remained there without visiting my home again for three years . My mother did not once write to me , or come to see me . I did not write to her . My expenses were paid from my income . My father 's business was still conducted by my mother with her assistants , and she resided in the old house . Did I tell you that my uncle was the appointed executor of my father 's will , and my guardian ? He managed my affairs , and for the present I suffered him to do as he thought proper . In the meanwhile my happiness at school was unbounded . My existence there was sweet and tranquil , like the flow of a small secluded stream . I loved my master . Ill-taught and self-neglected nearly till the time that I came under his instruction , I believed that I owed all my education to him ; and whilst I thirsted for knowledge as the means of raising myself and my own mind , he supplied me with the healthful sustenance , and helped me forward with his precepts . I had neither taste nor application for the severer studies . Science was too hard and real for the warm imagination with which Providence had liberally endowed me . It was a scarecrow in the garden of knowledge , and I looked at it with fear from the sunny heights of poesy on which I basked and dreamed . History — fiction — the strains of Fletcher , Shakspeare — the lore of former worlds — these had unspeakable charms for me ; and such information as they yielded , I imbibed greedily . Admiration of the beautiful creations of mind leads rapidly in ardent spirits to an emulative longing ; and the desire to achieve — to a firm belief of capability . The grateful glow of love within is mistaken for the gift divine . I burned to follow in the steps of the immortal , and already believed myself inspired . Hours and days I passed in compositions , which have since helped to warm our poverty-stricken room ; for they had all one destination — the fire . I shall , however , never consider the days ill-spent which were engaged in such pursuits . The pleasure was intense — the advantage , if unseen and indirect , was not insignificant . Whatever tends to elevate and purify , is in itself good and noble . We cannot withdraw ourselves from the selfishness of life , and incline our souls to the wisdom of the speaking dead , and not advance — be it but one step — heavenward . And in my own case — the intellectual character was associated with all that is lofty in principle , and exalted in conduct . Sans peur et sans reproche was its fit motto . Falsehood and dishonesty must not attach to it . In my own mind I pictured a moral excellence which it was necessary to attain ; and in my strivings for intellectual fame , that , as the essential accompaniment , was never once lost sight of . Pride still clung to me — and was fed throughout . I was eighteen years of age , and I desired to enter the university . I fixed upon Oxford , as holding out a better prospect of success than the sister seat of learning . I enquired what sum of money was necessary for my education there ; and received for answer , that two hundred pounds a-year might carry me comfortably through , but that , with some economy and self-denial , a hundred and fifty might be sufficient . It is a curious circumstance that the very post which brought this information , brought likewise a letter from my uncle , offering , as my guardian , and at his own expense , to send me to the university . I was indignant at the proposition , and vowed , before his letter was half read , that I would rather live upon a meal a-day , than owe my bread to one whom I regarded as my father 's foe . Does it not strike you , sir , as somewhat singular , that my father should make this man executor , trustee , and guardian ? Men do not generally appoint their enemies to such offices . I wrote to my uncle in reply , declined coldly but respectfully his offer , and told him my intention . Here our correspondence ended , and six months afterwards my name was on the boards of my college . I went up knowing no one , but carrying from my friend , the schoolmaster , a letter of introduction to a clergyman who had been his college friend , and who ( now married and the father of one child ) earned his subsistence by taking pupils . I was received by this poor but worthy man with extreme kindness . He read the character which I had brought with me , and bade me make his house my home . His hospitality was at first a great advantage to me . My slender income compelled me to exercise rigid economy — and to avoid all company . Although very poor , I have told you that I was already very proud . I would not receive a favour which I could not pay back — I would not permit the breath of slander to whisper a syllable against my name . There were hours in which no book could be read with pleasure , which no study could make light . Such were passed in delightful converse with my friend , and thus I was spared even the temptation to walk astray . I need not tell you that I had no tutor . It was a luxury I could not afford . I worked the harder , and was all the happier for the victory I had gained — such I deemed it — over my uncle . At the end of a twelve-month , I found my expenses were even within my income . It was a sweet discovery . I had paid my way . I did not owe a penny . I was respected , and no one knew my mode of life , or the amount of income that I possessed . My friend , I said , had one child . She was a daughter . During my first year 's residence I had never seen her . She was away in Dorsetshire nursing a cousin , who died at length in her arms . She returned home at the commencement of my second year , and I was introduced to her . She fell upon my solitary life like the primrose that comes alone to enliven the dull earth — a simple flower of loveliness and promise , graceful in herself — but to the gazer 's eye more beautiful , no other flower being present to provoke comparison . We met often . She was an artless creature sir , and gave her love to me long , long before she knew the price of such a gift . She doated on her father , and it was a virtue that I understood . She was very fair to look at ; timid as the fawn — as guileless ; a creature of poetry , sent to be a dream , and to shed about her a beguiling unsubstantial brightness . All things looked practicable and easy in the light in which she moved . The difficulties of life were softened — its rewards and joys coloured and enhanced . I thought of her as a wife , and the tone of my existence was from the moment changed . If you could have seen her , sir — the angel of that quiet house — gliding about , ministering happiness — her innocent expression — her lovely form — her golden hair falling to her swelling bosom — her truthfulness and cultivated mind — you would , like me , have blessed the fortune which had brought her to your side , and revealed the treasure to your youthful heart . I told her that I loved , and her tears and maiden blushes made her own affection manifest . Her father spoke to me , bade me reflect , take counsel , and be cautious . He gave at last no opposition to our wishes — but requested that time might be allowed for trial , and my settlement in life . And so it was agreed . I prosecuted my studies more diligently than ever , and looked with impatience for the hour when my profession ( for I had gone to the university with a view to the church ) and my little income would justify me in offering to my darling one a home . Did I now mourn over the inequality of my fortune ? Did I upbraid the dead — accuse the living ? I did not , sir . Too pleased to labour for the girl whom I had chosen — I rejoiced to owe my bread to my exertion . She then , as now — for it was her — my Anna , sir — the wreck whom you have seen — cruelly misused by poverty and grief — robbed of her beauty and her strength — the miserable outline of her former self — she then , even as now , was in all things actuated by the highest motives — a serious and religious maid . She cheered me with her smiles — her perfect patience and tranquil hope . It was to her a privilege to be united to a clergyman , and to find her earthly joy combined with usefulness and good . In our walks , I have painted the future which was never to be — the bliss we were never to experience . I have spoken of the parsonage , and its little lawn and many flowers — pictured myself at work — visiting the poor — comforting the sick — herself my dear attendant at the cottage doors , with hosts of little ones about her , whom she might call her children , and for whom she might exercise more than a mother 's care . She could not listen to such promises , and not grow happier in her inexperience than reality could ever render her ; and yet sighs , sighs , ominous sighs , would from the first escape her . Still for a twelvemonth our nook of earth was Paradise , and sorrow , the universal lot , was banished from our door . The tales which I had been accustomed to hear of the world 's deceit and falsehood seemed groundless and cruel — the inventions of envious disappointed minds — whose ambition had betrayed them into hopes , too preposterous for fulfilment Happiness was on earth — did I not find her in my daily walk ?— for such as were not loth to greet her with a lowly and contented spirit . I had no present care . The days were prosperous . I obtained a scholarship in my college at the end of the first year , which was worth to me at least fifty pounds per annum . This , not requiring , I saved up . I worked hard during the day — withdrew myself from all intercourse with men , and every evening was rewarded with the smiles of her for whose dear sake all labour was so easy . Oh , the tranquillity and ineffable bliss of those distant bygone days ! Bygone , did I say ? No — they exist still . Poverty — misery — persecution — such things pass away , and are in truth a dream . The troubles of yesterday vanish with the sun that set upon them — but those hours , deeply impressed upon the soul , have left their mark indelible ; the intense , unspeakable joy that filled them , lingers yet , and brightens up one spot that stands alone , distinct in life . Cast when I will one single glance there , and I behold the stationary sun shine . I do so now . None feel so vigorous and well as they who are on the eve of some prostrating sickness . Dreaming of security , and as I looked about , perceiving from no side the probability or show of evil , I was in truth entangled in a maze of peril . My summer 's day was at an end . The cloud had gathered — was overhead , and ready to burst and overwhelm me . For one twelvemonth , as I have said , I felt the perfect enjoyment of life , and was blest . At the end of that period I received a letter from my uncle . It was full of tenderness and affection . The first few lines were taken up with enquiries — and immediately afterwards there came a proposition . It was to this effect . “ My mother wished to retire from business ; it was still a lucrative one , and she offered it to me . She undertook to leave in the firm a capital sufficiently large to carry it on , and receiving a moderate interest only for this sum , she would relinquish all other profit in favour of her son . ” I read the letter , and had faith in its sincerity . As I read it , a devil whispered delusively into my ear , and the sounds were music there , until my ruin was completed . I knew the business to be affluent and thriving . The income derived from it enabled my mother to live luxuriously . Half the sum would afford every wished-for comfort to my Anna , and much less would enable us at once to marry . Here was the rock on which I went to pieces — here was the giddy light that blinded me to all considerations — here was the sophistry that made all other reasoning dull and valueless . I did not stop to enquire what movement of feeling could operate so generously upon my uncle . If an unfavourable suggestion forced itself upon me , it was expelled at once ; and persuasion of the purity of his motives was too easy , where my wish was father to the thought . If I remained at college , years might elapse before our union . Now , immediately , if I accepted this unlooked-for offer — she was mine , and a home , such as in other circumstances I could never hope to give her , was ready for her reception ! I could think of nothing else , but I beheld in the unexpected good — the outstretched hand of Providence . Full of my delight , I communicated the intelligence to Anna ; but very different was its effect on her . She read the letter , and looked at me as if she wished to read the most hidden of my secret wishes . “ ‘ What have you thought of doing , then ? ’ she asked . “ ‘ Accepting the proposal , Anna , ’ I replied , ‘ with your consent . ’ “ ‘ Never with that , ’ she answered almost solemnly . ‘ My lips shall never bid you turn from the course which you have chosen , and to which you have been called . You do not require wealth — you have said so many times — and I am sure it is not necessary for your happiness . ’ “ ‘ I think not of myself , dear Anna , ’ I replied . ‘ I have more than enough for my own wants . It is for your sake that I would accept their offer , and become richer than we can ever be if I refuse it . Our marriage now depends upon a hundred things — is distant at the best , and may never be . The moment that I consent to this arrangement , you are mine for ever . ’ “ ‘ Warton , ’ she said , more seriously than ever , ‘ I am yours . You have my heart , and I have engaged to give you , when you ask it , this poor hand . In any condition of life — I am yours . But I tell you that I never can deliberately ask you to resign the hopes which we have cherished — with , as we have believed , the approbation and the blessing of our God . Your line of duty is , as I conceive it — marked . Whilst you proceed , steadily and with a simple mind — come what may , your pillow will never be moistened with tears of remorse . If affliction and trial come — they will come as the chastening of your Father , who will give you strength to bear the load you have not cast upon yourself . But once diverge from the straight and narrow path , and who can see the end of difficulty and danger ? You are unused to business , you know nothing of its forms , its ways — you are not fit for it . Your habits — your temperament are opposed to it , and you cannot enter the field as you should — to prosper . Think not of me . I wish — my happiness , and joy , and pride will be to see you a respected minister of God . I am not impatient . If we do right , our reward will come at last . Let years intervene , and my love for you will burn as steadily as now . Do not be tempted — and do not let us think that good can result — if , for my sake , you are unfaithful — there ! ’ She pointed upwards as she spoke , and for a moment the sinfulness of my wishes blazed before me — startled , and silenced me . I resolved to decline my uncle 's offer ; yet a week elapsed , and the letter was not written . But another came from him . It was one of tender reproach for my long silence , and it requested an immediate answer to the munificent proposal of my mother . If I refused it , a stranger would be called upon to enjoy my rights , and the opportunity for realizing a handsome fortune would never occur again . Such were its exciting terms , and once more , perplexed by desire and doubt , I appealed to the purer judgment of my Anna . “ She wept when she came to the close of the epistle , and had not a word to say . “ ‘ I distress you , Anna , ’ said I , ‘ by my indecision . Dry your tears , my beloved ; I will hesitate no longer . ’ “ ‘ I know not what to do , ’ she faltered ; ‘ if you should act upon my advice , and afterwards repent , you would never forgive me . Yet , I believe from my very soul that you should flee from this temptation . But do as you will — as seems wisest and best — and trust not to a weak woman . Do what reason and principle direct , and happen what will — I will be satisfied . One thing occurs to me . Can you trust your uncle ? ” I hesitated . “ ‘ I ask , ’ she continued , ‘ because you have often spoken of him as if you could not confidently . May he not have — I judge of him only from your report — some motive for his present conduct which we cannot penetrate ? It is an unkind world , and the innocent and guileless are not safe from the schemes and contrivances of the wicked . I speak at random , but I am filled with alarm for you . You are safe now — but one step may be your ruin . ’ “ ‘ You are right , Anna , ’ I replied ; ‘ it is too great a venture , I cannot trust this man . I will not leave the path of duty . I will refuse his offer this very night . ’ “ And I did so . In her presence I wrote an answer to his letter , and declined respectfully the brilliant prospect which he had placed before me . The letter was dispatched — Anna was at peace , and my own mind was satisfied . “ It was , however , not my fate to pass safely through this fiery ordeal . Nothing but my destruction , final and entire , would satisfy my greedy persecutor — and artfully enough did he at length encompass it . In a few days , there arrived a third communication on the same subject , but from another hand . My mother became the correspondent , and she conjured me by my filial love and duty , not to disobey her . She desired to retire into privacy . She was growing old and it was time to make arrangements for another world . Her son , if he would , might enable her to carry out her pious wish — or , by his obstinate refusal , hurry her with sorrow to the grave . There was much more to this effect . Appeal upon appeal was made there , where she knew me to be most vulnerable , and the choice of action was not left me . To deny her longer — would be to stand convicted of disobedience , undutifulness , and all unfilial faults . From this period , I was lost . One word before I hurry to the end . I absolve my mother from all participation in the crimes of which boldly I accuse my uncle . She , poor helpless woman , was but his instrument , and believed , when she urged me , that it was with a view to my advancement and lasting benefit . I conveyed my mother 's communication immediately to Anna . She made no observation on its contents — bade me seek counsel of her father ; and with her eyes streaming with agonizing tears , left me to pray upon my knees for counsel and direction from on high . Her father — I could not blame him — a man who had struggled hardly for his bread as a clergyman and a scholar — and seen more of the dark shadows than the light of life — received my intelligence with unmingled satisfaction . He charged me , as I loved his child , and valued her future welfare , to accept the princely kindness of my friends — to see them instantly , and secure my fortune whilst time and circumstances served . And then , as if to appease his own qualms of conscience , and to justify his counsel , he reasoned about the usefulness which , even to a pious mind , was permitted in the exercise of trade . Infinite was the good that I might do . Yea , more , perhaps , than if I persisted in my first design , and remained for ever a poor clergyman ; I might relieve the poor even to my heart 's content . What privilege so great as this ! What suffering so acute as the desire to help the sick and needy with no ability to do it ! ‘ Be sure , young man , the hand of Providence is here ; it would be sinful to deny it . ’ O interest — interest !— self — self !— words of magic and of power ; they rendered my poor friend blind as they did me . I listened to his advice with eagerness and delight ; and though I knew that to obey it was to cast myself from security into turmoil and danger , I laboured to persuade myself that he was right , and that hesitation was now criminal . Again I saw my betrothed , and I approached her — innocent and truthful as she was — with shame and self-abasement . I repeated her father 's words , and she shook her head sadly , but made no reply . What need was there of reply ? Had she not already spoken ? “ ‘ Let me , at least , dear Anna , go to London , ’ I said , ‘ and implore my mother to retract this wish , unsay her words . I would rather give up the world , than take it without your cheerful acquiescence . Your happiness is every thing to me . You shall decide for me . ’ “ ‘ No , Warton , ’ she replied — ‘ you and my father must decide , and may Heaven direct you both . Go to London — do as you wish . I am resigned . I am presumptuous , and may be wrong . All will be for the best . Go ! God bless you and support you . ’ “ And I went , traitor and renegade that I was , prepared to surrender to the bitterest foe that ever hunted victim down . Believe me not , sir , when I say that any sense of filial duty actuated me in my resolve , that any feeling influenced this unsteady heart but one — The desire to call my Anna mine — the pride I felt in the consciousness of wealth — and of the power to bestow it all on her . “ My reception in London was as favourable as I could wish it . My uncle was an altered man — at least he appeared so . He met me with smiles and honied words , and made such promises of friendship and protection , that I stood before him convicted of uncharitableness and gross misconduct . I reproached myself for the old prejudices , and for the malice which I had always borne him , and attributed them all to boyish inexperience , and stubbornness . I was older now , and could see with the eyes of a man . Not only did I acquit him of all intention of wrong , but I could have fallen on my knees before him , and asked his pardon for my own offences . I wrote a long letter to Anna , and described in lively colours my own agreeable surprise , desired her to be of good heart , and to rely upon my prudence . I engaged to write daily , to announce the progress of my mission — and to advise her of the proposed arrangements . This was my first communication . Before she could receive a second , I had put my hand to paper , and signed my death-warrant . I had irretrievably committed myself . I was living with my uncle . His wine was of the best . He could drink freely of it , and get cooler and more collected at each glass , but frequent draughts animated and inflamed my younger head . He spoke to me with kindness , and I grew confiding and loquacious . I told him of my engagement with Anna , described her beauty , extolled her virtues . He seized the golden opportunity , and reproved me gently for the little consideration which I exhibited for one so worthy of my love . It was unpardonably selfish to hesitate one instant longer . It was due to her , and to our future offspring , to make every provision for their maintenance and comfort . It was madness to overlook the advantages which my mother 's offer gave . She herself , the lovely Anna , as her cares increased , would mourn over the cruel obstinacy of him who might have placed her beyond anxiety and apprehension , but who preferred to keep her poor , dependent , joyless . She was young , and spoke , doubtless , as she felt — but time would dissipate romance , and bitterly would she regret that he who professed to love her had not taken pains to prove that love more thoughtful and sincere . So he went on — and , in the height of his appeal , a visitor was announced — Mr Gilbert , an old friend , an intimate , who was immediately admitted . I was requested not to mind him , for he knew every secret of my uncle 's . The latter repeated my story , and ended with an account of my ingratitude to Anna . Mr Gilbert could scarcely speak for his astonishment . He shook his head severely , and vowed the case was quite unparalleled . I drank on — the thought of the immediate possession of my Anna flashed once powerfully and effectually across my brain , and I held out no longer . I yielded to the sweet solicitation — and was lost . “ On the following morning , Mr Gilbert arrived to breakfast . The subject was resumed . My uncle produced a paper , which he had hastily drawn up . It should be signed by all . Mr Gilbert , as a friend , could witness it . It was a rough draught , but would answer every purpose for the present . The statement was very simple . My mother left in the firm twenty thousand pounds in stock , and cash and book debts . For this I made myself responsible , and undertook to pay an interest of five per cent . All profits in the business were my own . Fool that I was , I signed the document without reflection — gave , with one movement of the pen , my liberty , my happiness , and life , into the power of one who had for years resolved to get them in his clutch . My uncle followed with his signature — then Mr Gilbert . To make all sure , however , a clerk of the former was summoned to the room , and requested to act as second witness to the deed . “ You are perfectly satisfied with the contents ? ’ said Mr Gilbert to my uncle , when the clerk had finished . “ ‘ Quite so , ’ was the answer . “ ‘ And you , sir ? ’ he continued , turning then to me . “ ‘ I answered , ‘ Yes , ’ whilst a sickening shudder crept through my blood , and the remonstrance of Anna sounded in my ears like a knell . “ I remained in London , and a week after this ceremony I entered upon my duties at the counting-house . At the earnest recommendation of my uncle , I carried into the business , as additional capital , the sum of money from which I had hitherto derived my income . This amounted to nearly four thousand pounds . It may seem strange to you , sir , as it does to me now , that I should so readily have adopted the statement of my uncle , and so deeply involved myself upon the strength of his simple ipse dixit . It was a mad-man 's act , and yet there were many excuses for it at the time . I was but a boy — fresh from a life of retirement and study — unused to the ways of men — unprepared for fraud . Satisfied of my own integrity , I believed implicitly in the ingenuousness of others . I had no friend to act for me — to investigate and warn — my heart was burthened with its love , and all my thoughts were far away . The business had prospered for years , and it was conducted externally as in the days of my poor father . All was decorous and business-like , and the reputation of the house was high and unblemished . There was nothing in the appearance of things to excite suspicion — and not a breath was suggested from my own too easy and confiding nature . The father of my betrothed ! was delighted at the step which I had taken . He wrote me an impassioned letter , full of praise and brilliant prophecies , none of which he lived to see fulfilled . His daughter , he assured me , would yet be grateful to me for the firmness I had evinced , and that the blessing of Heaven must attend conduct so estimable and wise . Anna herself wrote in another strain . The act which she had so long dreaded was accomplished — it was useless to look back — she could only hope and pray for the future . She entreated me to be careful of my health , and to accustom myself gradually to my new employment . It was a consolation to behold her father so very happy , and to find me contented in my position . Nothing would give her now such satisfaction , as to be convinced that she had been wrong throughout , and that I had done well in giving up my former occupations . A month passed quickly by . The engagements of the firm were met — and its affairs were carried on as usual . No change took place . The only difference was my presence , and the appearance of my name in all the transactions of the house . I saw my mother frequently — but my uncle , by degrees , withdrew . His own affairs required his constant attention , but he provided me with help and countenance in the person of Mr Gilbert . This gentleman , in addition to the character of a bosom friend , sustained another — that of legal adviser to my uncle ! He visited me daily , and helped me marvellously . He procured from my uncle my patrimony of four thousand pounds — drew up in return for it a release , which I executed — paid the money into my banker 's hands — received my mother 's dividend — inspected the accounts — advised summary proceedings against defaulters — and settled , at a certain rate , to purchase a few outstanding debts , which it would cost some trouble and manoeuvring to get in . I could not choose but act upon advice that was at once so very friendly and professional . My inexperience , for a time , gratefully reposed in Mr Gilbert . Exactly two months after I had entered the concern , I married . Sun never rose more promisingly upon a wedding-day — a lovelier bride had never graced it . I pass over the few intoxicating weeks during which life assumes a form and hue which it never wore before — never puts forth again . The novelty of my situation — the joy I had in her possession , and in the knowledge that she was wholly mine — lived now and breathed for me — the pride with which I gazed upon her blooming beauty , and communed with her , as with a new-found better self — all combined to render one brief season a sweet delirium — an ecstatic dream . It is time to wake from it . I return to the business . I had agreed to pay my mother 's dividend every quarter — and , as I told you , Mr Gilbert received the money for her . She did not live to enjoy it . A short illness removed her from a world which had never been one of sorrow to her . Her heart was adamant , and troubled waters passed over — did not enter and disturb it . All that she had became my uncle 's , and he was now my creditor . I beg you , sir , to mark this . Twice had he inherited the property which should have been my own . It was about a twelvemonth after the death of my mother , that small , dark shadows appeared in the horizon , foretelling storm and tempest . At first they gave me no uneasiness , but they increased and gathered , and soon compelled me to take measures for the outbreak . I continued to discharge my uncle 's claim with undeviating regularity . Mr Gilbert sharply saw to that ; but a difficulty arose at length of meeting punctually all the demands which came upon me in the way of business . This was overcome in the beginning , by enforcing payment from customers who had traded previously on a liberal credit . The evil thus temporarily repaired gave rise , however , to a greater evil . Our friends withdrew their favours , and offered them else where . This critical state of things did not improve , but caused me daily fresh alarm . Money became more scarce — the difficulty of meeting payments more imminent and harassing . It was very strange . It had not been so in my father 's time ; nor later , when my mother had the management of affairs . Was it my fault ? What had I done amiss . Frightful thoughts began to haunt my bosom , and my sleep was broken , as a criminal 's might be . One day I had a heavy sum to pay . It was on the fourth of the month — a serious day to many — and , although I had made every exertion to meet this payment , I found myself , on the very morning , at least two hundred pounds deficient . I have told you , that the credit of our house was without a spot . Its reputation stood high amongst the highest . Slander had not dared to breathe one syllable against it . To me was entrusted this precious jewel , and I was now upon the very brink of losing it . I rose from my pillow before daylight , and endeavoured to contrive a plan for my relief . Fear and excitement prevented all deliberate thought , and I walked to the counting-house confounded — almost delirious . I had taken no food . I could not break my fast until the exigency had passed away . I was sitting in the little room , filled with dismal apprehensions , when Mr Gilbert was announced , and suddenly appeared . As suddenly I resolved to tell him of my necessity , and to ask his aid or counsel . Blushing to the forehead , I confided my situation to him , and asked what it was possible to do . He smiled in answer produced his pocket-book , and gave me , without a word ; a draft upon his banker for the sum required . At that moment , sir , I felt what it was to be respited after sentence of death — to be rescued from drowning — to awaken into life from horrible and numbing dreams . I pressed the hand of my deliverer with the most affectionate zeal , and assured him of my everlasting gratitude . “ ‘ No occasion , my dear sir , ’ answered Mr Gilbert . ‘ This is a very common case in business , and will happen to the best of men . Never hesitate to ask me when you are in need . When I have the cash , you shall command me always . Give me your IOU — that will be quite sufficient , and pay the money back when it is quite convenient . ’ Disinterested , most praiseworthy man ! He left me , impressed with his benevolence , and with my spirit at rest . With the dismissal of my incubus , my appetite was restored . I partook of a hearty dinner , and returned home , happy as a boy again . At the end of a week , I was enabled to repay my benefactor ; but , at the end of a fortnight ; I was again in need of his assistance . Emboldened by his offer , I did not hesitate to apply ; as freely as before he responded to my call ; and I felt that I had gained a friend indeed . Men who have committed heinous crimes , will tell you that it is the first divergence from the point of rectitude that gives them pain and anguish . The false direction once obtained , and the moral sense is blunted . So in matters of this kind . There was no blushing or palpitation when I begged a third time for a temporary loan . The occasion soon presented itself , and I asked deliberately for the sum I wanted . Mr Gilbert likewise had grown familiar with these demands ; and familiarity , they say , does not heighten our politeness and respect . He had not the money by him , but he might get it , though , from a friend , he thought , if it were absolutely necessary . But then a friend is not like one 's self . He must be paid for what he did . Well , for once in the way , I could afford it . I must borrow as cheaply , as I could , and give my note of hand , & c. Sir , in less than three months ; I was in a mesh of difficulties , from which it was impossible to tear myself . Bill after bill had I accepted and given to this Gilbert — pounds upon pounds had he sucked from me in the way of interest ; He grew greedier every hour . If I hesitated ; he spoke to me of exposure — I refused , he threatened enforcement of his previous claims . And , what was worse than all , notwithstanding the heavy sums which he advanced , and for which he held securities , my affairs remained disordered , and the demand for money increased with every new supply . I could not understand it . I had not communicated with my uncle . I was afraid to do it ; but I took care to pay his dividend the instant it was due . Had I omitted it , Mr Gilbert would have looked to me ; for he was even more anxious than myself to keep my affairs a secret from my uncle . It was not long before I got bewildered by the accumulated anxieties of my position . My mind was paralyzed . My days were wretched . Home had no delight for me ; and neither there nor elsewhere could I find repose . Before daybreak , I quitted my bed , and until midnight , I was occupied in arranging for the engagements of the coming day . Legitimate and profitable business was neglected ; lost sight of , and all my faculties were engrossed in the one great object of obtaining money to appease the present and the pressing importunity . In the midst of my trouble , I was thrown , for the first time , upon a bed of sickness . I was attacked with fever , but I rallied in a day or two , and was prepared once more to cast myself into the vortex from which I saw no hope or possibility of escape . It was the evening before the day on which I had determined to resume the whirl of my sickening occupation . I was in bed , and , tired with the thought that weighed upon my brain , had fallen into a temporary sleep , from which I woke too soon , to find my wife , now about to become a mother , weeping as if her heart were broken , at my side . Trouble , sir , had soured my temper , and I had ceased to be as tender as she deserved . I was base enough to speak unkindly to her . “ ‘ You are discontented , Anna , ’ I exclaimed . You are not satisfied — you repent now that you married me ’ — I see you do . ’ “ ‘ Warton , ’ she exclaimed , ‘ if you love me , leave this cruel business . Let us live upon a crust . I will work for you . I will submit to any thing to see you calm and happy . This will kill you . ’ “ ‘ It will , it must ! ’ I cried out in misery . ‘ I cannot help it . What is to be done ? ’ “ ‘ Retire from it — resign all — every thing — but save us both . This agitation — this ceaseless wear and tear — must eventually , and soon , destroy you . What , then , becomes of me ? ’ “ ‘ Show me , Anna , how I can do what you desire with honour . Show me the way , and I will bless you . Oh , why did I not heed your words before ! Why did I suffer myself to be entrapped ’ — “ She stopped me in my exclamations . “ ‘ You have promised , dear , ’ said she , ‘ never to look upon the past . You acted for the best . So did we all . It is our consolation and support . But the present is sad and mournful , and , I believe , it rests with ourselves to secure our happiness for the future . Are you content to do it ? ’ “ ‘ Oh , can you ask me , Anna ? Tell me how I may escape without discredit — without shame and one dishonourable taint — and you take me from the depths of my despair . I see no end to this career . I am fixed to the stake , and I must burn . ’ “ ‘ Listen to me , dearest . You shall write to your uncle without delay , and explain to him your wishes . You shall tell him of your difficulties frankly and unreservedly . Make known to him your state of health , and tell him firmly that you are unequal to the burden which is laid upon you . Should he insist upon a recompense for your loss , you have money of your own there — yield it to him , and these hands shall never rest until they have earned for you every shilling of it back again . Be tranquil , resolute , cheerful , and all will yet be well , I trust — I feel it will . ’ “ I had once refused to act on her advice , and the consequences had been dire enough . When compliance was too late , I implicitly obeyed her . The letter was written , and an answer came as speedily as we could wish it . It was a kind reply . My uncle was sorry for my illness , and was content to take the business off my hands , if I was ready to resign it in the condition that I had found it . And this , I thanked my God with tears of joy , I was prepared to do . My personal expenses had been trifling . The amount of business done was large — my the profits had not been withdrawn . Although my sufferings had been great , and difficulties had met me which I could neither prevent nor comprehend , still reason told me that the property must have increased in value . It was with alacrity that I engaged , at my uncle 's particular request , an accountant to investigate the proceedings of the house , and to pronounce upon its present state . The result of the examination could not but be most satisfactory . It did not occur to me at the time , that my uncle had deemed no accountant necessary when he heaped upon me the responsibility which I had borne so ill . It would have been but fair , methinks . A time was fixed for a meeting with my uncle , and for producing the result of the enquiry . The accountant had been closely engaged at his work for many days , and had brought it to an end only on the evening preceding the day of our appointment . He submitted his estimate to me , and you shall judge my horror when I perused it . There were many sheets of paper , but in one line my misery was summed up . EIGHT THOUSAND POUNDS were deficient and unaccounted for . Yes , and my own small fortune had been included in the amount of capital . The accountant had been careful and exact — there was not a flaw in his reckoning . The glaring discrepancy stared me in the face , and pronounced my ruin . I knew not what to think or do . In accents of the most earnest supplication , I entreated the accountant to pass the night in reviewing his labours , and to afford me , if possible , the means of rescuing my name from the obloquy which , in a few hours , must attach to it . I offered him any sum of money — all that he could ask — for his pains , and he promised to comply with my request . The idea that I had been the victim of a trick , a fraud , never glanced across my mind . No , when my wretchedness permitted me to think at all , I suspected and accused no one but myself . I could imagine and believe that , inadvertently , I had committed some great error when my soul had been darkened by the daily and hourly anxieties which had followed it so long . But how to discover it ? How to make my innocence apparent to the world ? How to face my uncle ? How to brave the taunts of men ? How , above all , to meet the huge demands which soon would press and fall upon me ? The tortures of hell cannot exceed in acuteness all that I suffered that long and bitter night . The accountant was waiting for me in the parlour when I left my bed . He had spent the night as I had wished him but had not found one error in his calculations . I tore the papers from his hands , and strained my eyes upon the pages to extract the lie which existed there to damn me . It would not go — it could not be removed . I was a doomed , lost man . Whatever might be the consequence , I resolved to see my uncle , and to speak the truth . I relied upon the sympathy which I believed inherent in the nature of man . I relied upon my own integrity , and the serenity which conscious innocence should give . I met my uncle . I shall never forget that interview . He received me in his private house — in his drawing-room . We were alone . He sat at a table : his face was somewhat pale , but he was cool and undisturbed — ah , how much more so than his trembling sacrifice ! I placed before him the condemning paper . It was that only that he cared to see . He looked at once to the result , and then , without a word , he turned his withering eye upon me . “ ‘ I know it , ’ I cried out , not permitting him to speak . ‘ I know what you would say . It is a mystery , and I cannot solve it . There is a fearful error somewhere — but where I know not . I am as innocent — ’ “ ‘ Innocent ! ’ exclaimed my uncle , in a tone of bitterness , ‘ Well , go on , sir . ’ “ ‘ Yes , innocent , ’ I repeated . ‘ Time will prove it , and make the mystery clear . My brain is now confused ; but it cannot be that this gigantic error can escape me when I am calm — composed . Grant me but time . ’ “ ‘ I grant nothing , ’ said my uncle , fiercely . ‘ Plunderer ! I show no mercy . You would have shown me none — you would have left me in the lurch , and laughed at me as you made merry with your stolen wealth . Mark me , sir — restore it — labour till you have made it good , or I crush you — once , and for ever . ’ “ I was rendered speechless by these words . I attempted to make answer ; but my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth — my throat grew dry and hot — my brain was dizzy , and the room swam round me . I thought of the name which I had been striving for years to build up — the honourable name which I had gained — the height from which I was about to fall — the yawning gulf below — a thousand painful thoughts rushed in one instant to my mind , and overcame me . I should have fallen to the earth , had not my heart found in my eyes a passage for its grief , and rendered me weaker than a child before a creature who had never felt the luxury of one human tear . I wept aloud and fearfully . “ ‘ Guilt , guilt , palpable guilt ! ’ exclaimed my uncle . ‘ None but the guilty weep . You do not take me by surprise , young man . I was prepared for this — I have but a word to say . Restore this money , or undertake to pay it back to me — to the last farthing of my lawful claim . Do this , and I forgive you , and forget your indiscretion . Refuse , and to-morrow you are a bankrupt and a beggar . Leave me , and take time for your decision . Come to me again this evening . If you fail — you may expect a visit in the morning . ’ “ This was said deliberately , but in a tone most expressive of sincerity . I staggered from his presence , and hurried homeward . A sickening sensation checked me as I approached my door . I could not enter it . I rushed away ; and in the open fields , where I could weep and rave unnoticed and alone , I cursed my fate , and entreated heaven to smite me with its thunders . My mind was tottering . Hours passed before I reached the house again , how , when , or by what means I arrived there , I could not tell . The servant girl who gave me admittance looked savagely upon me , as I thought . It was sorrow , and not anger , that was written in her face ; but how could I discriminate ? Her mistress was seriously ill. She had been alarmed by the visit of a gentleman , who waited for me in the parlour , and by my protracted absence ; and her agitation had brought on the pangs of labour . A physician was now with her . Who was this gentleman ? I entered the room , and there the fiend sate , white with irritation and gnawing disappointment . I started back , but he advanced to me — held my papers to my face , and pointed to one portion of them with a finger that was alive with rage and agitation . “ ‘ Is it true ? ’ asked my uncle , gnashing his teeth . ‘ Answer me — yes or no ?— one word , is it true ? ’ “ ‘ It is a lie ! ’ I answered , ignorant of his meaning , and half crazed with the excitement . ‘ I am innocent — innocent — Heaven knows I am . ’ “ ‘ Have you , or have you not given to Gilbert , for these heavy sums , a power of attorney ? Has he got it ? Answer me in a word . ’ “ ‘ He advanced me money , ’ I replied , ‘ and I gave him such documents as he required . ’ “ ‘ Enough ! ’ said my uncle . ‘ You are a beggar ! ’ — and without another word he left me . “ For a week my wife remained in a dangerous condition . Threatened with the loss of her , I did not leave her side . What was the business to me at such a time ?— what was reputation — what life ? Life !— sir , I carried about with me a potent poison , and I waited only for her latest breath to drink it off , and join her in the grave . She rallied , however , and once more I walked abroad — to find myself a bankrupt and a castaway . The very day that my uncle quitted me , he called my creditors together — exposed the state of my affairs — and accused me of the vilest practices . A docket was struck against me . Every thing that I possessed was dragged away — even to the bed on which my Anna had been cast , and which she so much needed now . Every thing was gone ; but the blow had fallen , and I was callous to the loss . In the midst of the desolation I struggled to preserve one trifle from the common wreck . Do not smile , sir , when I mention my reputation . Yes , I felt that if it could be rescued all might be spared , and I might yet defy and shame my persecutors . I appealed to the commissioner who had charge of my estate . I proclaimed aloud , and in the face of men , my innocence . I conjured him to subject me to the severest trial — to compel the closest examination of my affairs — my books — and every individual connected with the house . I demanded it for the sake of justice — for my own sake , and for the sake of the poor creatures — I was a father now — whose fortunes were linked with mine , whose bread depended upon the verdict which should be pronounced against me . My passionate supplication was not in vain . The affairs of our house were looked into — the business that had been done for years was sifted — and clerks and men were subjected to every interrogatory that could elucidate a fact . At the end of six months it was publicly announced that an important error had been discovered — that the estimate given to me was incorrect , and by many thousand pounds greater than the true value . “ There had been a mistake ! The bankrupt departed from the court without a blemish on his character . He had been indiscreet in entering heedlessly upon so large an undertaking , and must pay dearly for that in discretion . He was strictly liable and bound to pay what he had acknowledged with his hand to be a lawful debt . There was no help for him . The young man was worthy of commiseration , and his creditors should show him mercy . ” This was the verdict of the commissioner , spoken in the ears of one who was a stranger to mercy , and who had vowed to show me none . Guilt , however , attached to my good name no longer , and I smiled at his malignity . It was too soon to smile . The secret of all my difficulty was now explained . Trading upon a false capital , to an extravagant extent beyond the real one — draining my exchequer of its resources to pay an ever-recurring interest , whilst the principal was but a fiction in the estate , it was no wonder that I became hemmed in by claims impossible to meet , and that the services of Mr Gilbert were so soon in requisition . In giving to Mr Gilbert a power over the firm , I acted according to my ideas of justice . When I was impoverished , he furnished me with the means of keeping up the credit of the house . But for him it must have fallen . I believed that I was solvent . Why should I hesitate to make this man secure ? But it is for this preference , which rendered my uncle 's dividend comparatively nothing , that I have been followed through my life with rancour and malevolence unparalleled . Mark me , sir ; the mistake , as it was called — the vital error — was a deliberate fraud committed by my uncle at the outset . He had withdrawn this heavy sum of money at the beginning — he had resolved to keep me for my life his servant and his slave — to feast upon the dropping sweat of my exhausted mind — to convert my heart 's blood into gold , which was his god . He hated me for my conduct towards him in my boyhood , which he had neither forgotten nor forgiven ; and his detestation gave zest to his hellish desire of accumulating wealth at any cost . Had I applied to him , had I entered into new engagements with him , given to him the securities which , from a notion of right , I had presented to Gilbert — had I made over to the fiend soul as well as body , I might still have retained his friendship , still been permitted to labour and to toil for his aggrandizement and ease . It was Gilbert himself who revealed to me his patron 's villany . It was time for the vultures to quarrel when they could not both fatten on my prostrate carcass ; but they were bound together by the dark doings of years , and it was only by imperfect hints and innuendoes that I was made aware of their treachery . If proofs existed to convict my uncle , Gilbert could not afford to produce them . The price was life , or something short of it ; but I heard enough for satisfaction . Although I was deprived of everything that I possessed , my mind recovered its buoyancy , and my spirit , after the first shock , grew sanguine . I had been proclaimed an innocent and injured man , and my beloved Anna was at my side smiling and rejoicing . In our overthrow , she beheld only the dark storm of morning , that sometimes ushers in the glorious noon and golden sunset . I spoke of the past with anger ; she reverted to it with the chastened sorrow of a repentant angel . I looked to the future with distrust and apprehension , she , with a bright , abiding confidence . Never had she appeared so happy , so contented — never had the smile remained so constant to her cheek , so unalloyed with touch of care , as when we stood houseless and homeless in the world , and nothing but her fortitude and love were left me to rely upon . My first care after my dismission into life again , was to obtain my certificate from my creditors , and with almost all of them I was successful . The exceptions were my uncle , and three individuals — his creatures , and willing instruments of torture . They were sufficient to brand me with disgrace , and to affix for ever to my name that mark of infamy which an after life of virtue shall never wash away or hide . UNCERTIFICATED BANKRUPT was the badge I carried with me . From this period my decline was rapid and unequivocal . A creditor , who had not proved his debt upon the estate , hearing tell of my defenceless situation , cast me forthwith into prison . I will not tell you of the sufferings we endured during a two years ’ cruel incarceration . Starvation and its horrors came gradually upon us . Application upon application was made to my uncle ; entreaties for nothing more than justice ; and my poor meek Anna was turned with contumely from his doors . After years of privation , a glimmering of light stole in upon us , to be soon extinguished . I obtained temporary employment in a school far away from the scenes of my misery , and hither my evil fortune followed me . The schoolmaster was an ignorant , gross man . He gained my services for a song , and he treated me with disrespect in consequence . I had been with him about six months when some silver spoons were stolen from his house . The thief escaped detection ; but the master received an anonymous communication , containing a false history of my life , with a true statement of my unfortunate position . He at once charged me with the crime of being an uncertificated bankrupt . I confessed to it , and the very day I was dragged before a magistrate on suspicion of felony . I was acquitted , it is true , for want of evidence ; but what could acquit me — what could release me from the super-added stigma ? An uncertificated bankrupt , and a suspected felon ! Alas ! the charity of man will not look further than the surface of things , and is it not secretly pleased to find there , rather an excuse for neglect , than a reason for exertion ? Excited almost to madness by privation and want , and unable to get assistance from a human being , I visited my uncle . I could not see my wife and children drooping and sinking day by day , and not make one great struggle for their rescue . I resolved to accost him with meekness and humility — yes , to fall upon my knees and kiss the dust before him , so that he would fill their famished mouths . He would not see me . I watched for him in the street , and there addressed him . He reviled me — cast me off — provoked me to exasperation , and finally gave me into custody for an attempt upon his life . Again I was taken to the magistrate , but not again discharged so easily . My character and previous offences were exhibited . The magistrate , serious with judicial sorrow , looked upon me as you would turn an eye towards a reptile that defiles the earth . I appealed to him , and in a loud and animated voice proclaimed my grievances . It was suggested that I was a lunatic , and whilst the justice committed me to hard labour , he benevolently promised that the prison surgeon should visit me , and pronounce upon my fitness for Saint Luke 's . It was during my temporary confinement for this offence , that I was seized with the illness from which I have never since been free . For three years I was unable to work for my family , and by the end of that period we were sunk into the lowest depths . My Anna sickened likewise ; but as long as she was able she laboured for our support . We have been hunted and driven from place to place , and the little which we have been able to earn in our wanderings , has hardly kept us alive . Twice have I stolen a loaf of bread to appease the children 's hunger . What could I do ? I could not bear to see their languid glassy eyes , and hear their little voices imploring for the food — God knows , I could not let them die before my face — I could not be their murderer — I could not — ” “ Stay , Mr Warton , ” said I , interrupting the narrator , “ I have heard enough . Spare me for the present . Your statements must be corroborated . This is all I ask . Leave the rest to me . ” If the reader has perused , with painful interest , the account that I have laid before him , let me gratify him with the intelligence that I have accomplished for this unfortunate family all that I could wish . Warton 's account of himself was strengthened and confirmed by the strict enquiry which I set on foot immediately . He was , as he asserted , an innocent and injured man . Satisfied of this , I transmitted to the worthy judge , who had been moved by the man 's misfortunes , a faithful history of his life . I was not disappointed here . It was that functionary who obtained for Warton the situation which he at present fills — and for his children the education which they are now receiving . Nor was this his first exertion on their behalf . It was he who furnished them with clothing on the night of the criminal 's discharge . They are restored to happiness , to comfort , and to health . The moderate ambition of the faithful Anna is realized , and my vision is a vision no longer . Reader , I have nothing more to add . I have told you a simple tale and a true one . It is for you to say whether it shall be — useless and uninstructive . FREDERICK SCHLEGEL . [ 1 ] Footnote A : 1 . Geschichte der alten und neuen Literatur von FRIEDRICH SCHLEGEL . Neue auflage . Berlin , 1842 . 1 . Geschichte der alten und neuen Literatur von FRIEDRICH SCHLEGEL . Neue auflage . Berlin , 1842 . 2 . Lectures on the History of Ancient and Modern Literature , from the German of Frederick Schlegel . New edition . Blackwood : Edinburgh and London , 1841 . 3 . The Philosophy of History , translated from the German of FRIEDRICH VON SCHLEGEL , with a Memoir of the Author , by JAMES BURTON ROBERTSON , Esq . In two vols . London , 1835 . Reprinted in America , 1841 . 4 . Philosophie des Lebens von FRIEDRICH SCHLEGEL . Wien , 1828 .] “ I would not have you pin your faith too closely to these SCHLEGELS , ” said FICHTE one day at Berlin to VARNHAGEN VON ENSE , or one of his friends , in his own peculiar , cutting , commanding style — “ I would not have you pin your faith to these Schlegels . I know them well . The elder brother wants depth , and the younger clearness . One good thing they both have — that is , hatred of mediocrity ; but they have also both a great jealousy of the highest excellence ; and , therefore , where they can neither be great themselves nor deny greatness in others , they , out of sheer desperation , fall into an outrageous strain of eulogizing . Thus they have bepraised Goethe , and thus they have bepraised me . "[ B ] Footnote B : Denkw ü rdigkeiten von K. A. VARNHAGEN VON ENSE . Mannheim , 1837 . Vol . ii . p. 60 . Denkw ü rdigkeiten von K. A. VARNHAGEN VON ENSE . Mannheim , 1837 . Vol . ii . p. 60 . Some people , from pride , do n't like to be praised at all ; and all sensible people , from propriety , do n't like to be praised extravagantly : whether from pride or from propriety , or from a mixture of both , philosopher Fichte seemed to have held in very small account the patronage with which he was favoured at the hands of the twin aesthetical dictators , the Castor and Pollux of romantic criticism ; and , strange enough also , poet Goethe , who had worship enough in his day , and is said to have been somewhat fond of the homage , chimes in to the same tune thus : “ the Schlegels , with all their fine natural gifts , have been unhappy men their life long , both the one and the other ; they wished both to be and do something more than nature had given them capacity for ; and accordingly they have been the means of bringing about not a little harm both in art and literature . From their false principles in the fine arts — principles which , however much trumpeted and gospeled about , were in fact egotism united with weakness — our German artists have not yet recovered , and are filling the exhibitions , as we see , with pictures which nobody will buy . Frederick , the younger of these Dioscouri , choked himself at last with the eternal chewing of moral and religious absurdities , which , in his uncomfortable passage through life , he had collected together from all quarters , and was eager to hawk about with the solemn air of a preacher to every body : he accordingly betook himself , as a last refuge , to Catholicism , and drew after him , as a companion to his own views , a man of very fair but falsely overwrought talent — Adam M ü ller . “ As for their Sanscrit studies again , that was at bottom only a pis aller . They were clear-sighted enough to perceive that neither Greek nor Latin offered any thing brilliant enough for them ; they accordingly threw themselves into the far East ; and in this direction , unquestionably , the talent of Augustus William manifests itself in the most honourable way . All that , and more , time will show . Schiller never loved them : hated them rather ; and I think it peeps out of our correspondence how I did my best , in our Weimar circles at least , to keep this dislike from coming to an open difference . In the great revolution which they actually effected , I had the luck to get off with a whole skin , ( sie liessen mich noth d ü rftig stehen ,) to the great annoyance of their romantic brother Novalis , who wished to have me simpliciter deleted . ‘ Twas a lucky thing for me , in the midst of this critical hubbub , that I was always too busy with myself to take much note of what others were saying about me . “ Schiller had good reason to be angry with them . With their aesthetical denunciations and critical club-law , it was a comparatively cheap matter for them to knock him down in a fashion ; but Schiller had no weapons that could prostrate them . He said to me on one occasion , displeased with my universal toleration even for what I did not like . ‘ KOTZEBUE , with his frivolous fertility , is more respectable in my eyes than that barren generation , who , though always limping themselves , are never content with bawling out to those who have legs — STOP ! '"[ C ] Footnote C : Briefwechse Zwischen GOETHE und ZELTER . Berlin , 1834 . Vol . vi . p. 318 . Briefwechse Zwischen GOETHE und ZELTER . Berlin , 1834 . Vol . vi . p. 318 . That there is some truth in these severe remarks , the paltry personal squibs in the Leipzig Almanach for 1832 , which called them forth , with regard to Augustus Schlegel at least , sufficiently show : but there is a general truth involved in them also , which the worthy fraternity of us who , in this paper age , wield the critical pen , would do well to take seriously to heart ; and it is this , that great poets and philosophers have a natural aversion as much to be praised and patronized , as to be rated and railed at by great critics ; and very justly so . For as a priest is a profane person , who makes use of his sacred office mainly to show his gods about , ( so to speak ,) that people may stare at them , and worship him ; so a critic who forgets his inferior position in reference to creative genius , so far as to assume the air of legislation and dictatorship , when explanation and commentary are the utmost he can achieve , has himself only to blame , if , after his noisy trumpet has blared itself out , he reaps only ridicule from the really witty , and reproof from the substantially wise . Not that a true philosopher or poet shrinks from , and does not rather invite , true criticism . The evil is not in the deed , but in the manner of doing it . Here , as in all moral matters , the tone of the thing is the soul of the thing . And in this view , the blame which Fichte and Goethe attach to the Schlegels , amounts substantially to this , not that in their critical vocation the romantic brothers wanted either learning or judgment generally , but that they were too ambitious , too pretenceful , too dictatorial that they must needs talk on all subjects , and always as if they were the masters and the lions , when they were only the servants and the exhibitors ; that they made a serious business of that which is often best done when it is done accidentally , viz . discussing what our neighbours are about , instead of doing something ourselves ; and that they attempted to raise up an independent literary reputation , nay , and even to found a new poetical school , upon mere criticism — an attempt which , with all due respect for Aristarchus and the Alexandrians , is , and remains , a literary impossibility . But was Frederick Schlegel merely a critic ? No He was a philosopher also , and not a vulgar one ; and herein lies the foundation of his fame . His criticism , also , was thoroughly and characteristically a philosophical criticism ; and herein mainly , along with its vastness of erudition and comprehensiveness of view , lies the foundation of its fame . To understand the criticism thoroughly , one must first understand the philosophy . Will the unphilosophical English reader have patience with us for a few minutes while we endeavour to throw off a short sketch of the philosophy of Frederick Schlegel ? If the philosophical system of a transcendental German and Viennese Romanist , can have small intrinsic practical value to a British Protestant , it may extrinsically be of use even to him as putting into his hands the key to one of the most intellectual , useful , an popular books of modern times — “ The history of ancient and modern literature , by Frederick Von Schlegel , ” — a book , moreover , which is not merely “ a great national possession of the Germans , ” as by one of themselves it has been proudly designated , but has also , through the classical translation of Mr Lockhart , [ D ] been made the peculiar property of English literature . Footnote D : Lectures on the History of Literature , Ancient and Modern . Blackwoods , Edinburgh , 1841 . Lectures on the History of Literature , Ancient and Modern . Blackwoods , Edinburgh , 1841 . In the first chapter of his “ Philosophie des Lebens , ” the Viennese lecturer states very clearly the catholic and comprehensive ground which all philosophy must take that would save itself from dangerous error . The philosopher must start from the complete living totality of man , formed as he is , not of flesh merely , a Falstaff — or of spirit merely , a Simon Pillarman and Total Abstinence Saint — but of both flesh and spirit , body and soul , in his healthy and normal condition . For this reason clearly — true philosophy is not merely sense-derived and material like the French philosophy of Helvetius , nor altogether ideal like that of Plotinus , and the pious old mathematical visionaries at Alexandria ; but it stands on mother earth , like old Antaeus drinking strength therefrom , and filches fire at the same time , Prometheus-like , from heaven , feeding men with hopes — not , as Aeschylus says , altogether “ blind , ” ([ Greek : tuphlas d eu autois el ô idas kat ô kioa )] but only blinking . Do n't court , therefore , if you would philosophize wisely , too intimate an acquaintance with your brute brother , the baboon — a creature , whose nature speculative naturalists have most cunningly set forth by the theory , that it is a parody which the devil , in a fit of ill humour , made upon God 's noblest work , man ; and do n't hope , on the other hand , as many great saints and sages have done , by prayer and fasting , or by study and meditation , to work yourself up to a god , and jump bodily out of your human skin . Assume as the first postulate , and lay it down as the last proposition of your “ philosophy of life , ” that a man is neither a brute , nor a god nor an angel , but simply and sheerly a MAN . Furthermore , as man is not only a very comprehensive and complex , but also , ( to appearance at least ,) in many points , a very contrary and contradictory creature , see that you take the whole man along with you into your metaphysical chamber ; for if there be one paper that has a bearing in the case amissing out of your green bag , ( which has happened only too often ,) the evidence will be imperfect , and the sentence false or partial — shake your wig as you please . Remember , that though you may be a very subtle logician , the soul of man is not all made up of logic ; remember that reason , ( Vernunft ,) the purest that Kant ever criticized withal , is not the proper vital soul in man ; is not the creative and productive faculty in intellect at all , but is merely the tool of that which , in philosophers no less than in poets , is the proper inventive power , IMAGINATION , as Wordsworth phrases it : Schlegel 's word is fantasie . Remember that in more cases than academic dignities may be willing to admit , the heart ( where a man has one ) is the only safe guide , the only legitimate ruler of the head ; and that a mere metaphysician , and solitary speculator , however properly trimmed , “ One to whose smooth-rubb 'd soul can cling Nor form nor feeling , great nor small ; A reasoning , self-sufficing thing , An intellectual all-in-all , ” may write very famous books , profound even to unintelligibility , but can never be a philosopher . Therefore reject Hegel , “ that merely thinking , on a barren heath speculating , self-sufficient , self-satisfied little EGO ;"[ E ] and consider Kant as weighed in the balance and found wanting on his own showing : for if that critical portal of pure reason had indeed been sufficient , as it gave itself out to be , for all the purposes of a human philosophy , what need was there of the “ practical back-door ” which , at the categorical command of conscience , was afterwards laid open to all men in the “ Metaphysic of Ethics ? ” As little will you allow your philosophical need to be satisfied with any thing you can get from SCHELLING ; for however well it sounds to “ throw yourself from the transcendental emptiness of ideal reason into the warm embrace of living and luxuriant nature , ” here also you will find yourself haunted by the intellectual phantom of absolute identity , ( say absolute inanity ,) or in its best phasis a “ pantheizing deification of nature . ” Strange enough as it may seem , the true philosophy is to be found any where rather than among philosophers . Each philosopher builds up a reasoned system of a part of existence ; but life is based upon God-given instincts and emotions , with which reason has nothing to do ; and nature contains many things which it is not given to mortal brain to comprehend , much less to systematize . True philosophy is not to be found in any intellectual system , much less in any of the Aristotelian quality , where the emotional element in man is excluded or subordinated ; but in a living experience . To know philosophy , therefore , first know life . To learn to philosophize , learn to live ; and live not partially , but with the full outspread vitality of human reason . You go to college , and , as if you were made altogether of head , expect some Peter Abelard forthwith , by academic disputation , to reason you into manhood ; but neither manhood nor any vital WHOLE ever was learned by reasoning . Pray , therefore , to the Author of all good , in the first place , that you may be something rather than that you may know something . Get yourself planted in God 's garden , and learn to GROW . Woo the sun of life , which is love , and the breeze which is enthusiasm , an impulse from that same creative Spirit , which , brooding upon the primeval waters , out of void brought fulness , and out of chaos a world . Footnote E : This is Menzel 's phrase , not Schlegel 's . “ Hegel 's centrum war ein blos denkendes , auf ö der Heide spekulirendes , kleines , suffisantes , selbstgen ü gsames Ichlein . ” The untranslatable beauty of the German is in the diminutive with which the sentence closes . It is difficult to say whether Menzel or Schlegel shows the greater hostility to the poor Berlin philosopher . This is Menzel 's phrase , not Schlegel 's . “ Hegel 's centrum war ein blos denkendes , auf ö der Heide spekulirendes , kleines , suffisantes , selbstgen ü gsames Ichlein . ” The untranslatable beauty of the German is in the diminutive with which the sentence closes . It is difficult to say whether Menzel or Schlegel shows the greater hostility to the poor Berlin philosopher . Such , shortly , so far as we can gather , is the main scope , popularly stated , of Frederick Schlegel 's philosophy , as it is delivered in his two first lectures on the philosophy of life , the first being titled , “ Of the thinking soul , or the central point of consciousness ; ” and the second , “ Of the loving soul , or the central point of moral life . ” The healthy-toned reader , who has been exercised in speculations of this kind , will feel at once that there is much that is noble in all this , and much that is true ; but not a little also , when examined in detail , of that sublime-sounding sweep of despotic generality , ( so inherent a vice of German literature ,) which delights to confound the differences , rather than to discriminate the characters , of things ; much that seems only too justly to warrant that oracular sentence of the stern Fichte with which we set out , “ The younger brother wants clearness ; ” much that , when applied to practice , and consistently followed out in that grand style of consistency which belongs to a real German philosopher , becomes what we in English call Puseyism and Popery , and what Goethe in German called a “ chewing the cud of moral and religious absurdities . ” But we have neither space nor inclination , in this place , to make an analysis of the Schlegelian philosophy , or to set forth how much of it is true and how much of it is false . Our intention was merely to sketch a rapid outline , in as popular phrase as philosophy would allow itself to be clothed in ; to finish which outline without extraneous remark , with the reader 's permission , we now proceed . If man be not , according to Aristotle 's phrase , a [ Greek : z ô on logikon ] in his highest faculty , a ratiocinative , but rather an emotional and imaginative animal ; and if to start from , as to end , in mere reason , be in human psychology a gross one-sidedness , much more in theology is such a procedure erroneous , and altogether perverse . If not the smallest poem of a small poet ever came to him from mere reason , but from something deeper and more vital , much less are the strong pulsations of pure emotion , the deep-seated convictions of religious faith in the inner man , to be spoke of as things that mere reason can either assert or deny ; and in fact we see , when we look narrowly into the great philosophical systems that have been projected by scheming reasoners in France and Germany , each man out of his own brain , that they all end either in materialism and atheism on the one hand , or in idealism and pantheism on the other . All our philosophers have stopped short of that one living , personal , moral God , on whose existence alone humanity can confidently repose — who alone can give to the trembling arch of human speculation that keystone which it demands . The idea of God , in fact , is not a thing that individual reason has first to strike out , so to speak , by the collision or combination of ideas , the collocation of proofs , and the concatenation of arguments . It is a living growth rather of our whole nature , a primary instinct of all moral beings , a necessary postulate of healthy humanity , which is given and received as our life and our breath is , and admits not of being reasoned into any soul that has it not already from other sources . And as no philosopher of Greek or German times that history tells of , ever succeeded yet in inventing a satisfactory theology , or establishing a religion in which men could find solace to their souls , therefore it is clear that that satisfactory Christian theology and Christian religion which we have , and not only that , but all the glimpses of great theological truth that are found twinkling through the darkness of a widespread superstition , came originally from God by common revelation , and not from man by private reasoning . The knowledge of God and a living theology is , in fact , a simple science of experience like any other , only of a peculiar quality and higher in degree . All true human knowledge in moral matters rests on experience , internal or external , higher or lower , on tradition , on language as the bearer of tradition , on revelation ; while that false , monstrous , and unconditioned science to which the pride of human reason has always aspired , which would grasp at every thing at once by one despotic clutch , and by a violent bound of logic bestride and beride the ALL , is , and remains , an oscillating abortion that always would be something , and always can be nothing . A living , personal , moral God , the faith of nations , the watch-word of tradition , the cry of nature , the demand of mind , received not invented , existing in the soul not reasoned into it — this is the gravitating point of the moral world , the only intelligible centre of any world ; from which whatsoever is centrifugal errs , and to which whatsoever is opposed is the devil . Not private speculation , therefore , or famous philosophies of any kind , but the living spiritual man , and the totality of the living flow of sacred tradition on which he is borne , and with which he is encompassed , are the two grand sources of “ the philosophy of life . ” Let us follow these principles , now , into a few of their wide-spread streams and multiform historical branchings . First , the Bible clearly indicates what the profoundest study of the earliest and most venerable literatures confirms , that man was not created at first in a brutish state , crawling with a slow and painful progress out of the dull slime of a half organic state into apehood , and from apehood painfully into manhood ; but he was created perfect in the image of God , and has fallen from his primeval glory . This is to be understood not only of the state of man before the Fall as recorded in the two first chapters of Genesis ; but every thing in the Bible , and the early traditions of famous peoples , warrants us to believe , that the first ages of men before the Flood , were spiritually enlightened from one great common source of extraordinary aboriginal revelation ; so that the earliest ages of the world were not the most infantine and ignorant to a comprehensive survey , as modern conceit so fondly imagines , but the most gigantic and the most enlightened . That beautiful but material and debasing heathenism , with which our Greek and Latin education has made us so familiar , is only a defaced fragment of the venerable whole which preceded it , that old and true heathenism of the holy aboriginal fathers of our race . “ There were GIANTS on the earth in those days . ” We read this ; but who believes it ? We ought seriously to consider what it means , and adopt it bona fide into our living faith of man , and man 's history . Like the landscape of some Alpine country , where the primeval granite Titans , protruding their huge shoulders every where above us and around , make us feel how petty and how weak a thing is man ; so ought our imagination to picture the inhabitants of the world before the Flood . Nobility precedes baseness always , and truth is more ancient than error . Antediluvian man — antediluvian nature , is to be imaged as nobler in every respect , more sublime and more pure than postdiluvian man , and postdiluvian nature . But mighty energies , when abused , produce mighty corruptions ; hence the gigantic scale of the sins into which the antediluvian men fell ; and the terrible precipitation of humanity which followed . This is a point of primary importance , in every attempt to understand how to estimate the value of that world-famous Greek philosophy , which is commonly represented as the crown and the glory of the ancient world . All that Pythagoras and Plato ever wrote of noble and elevating truths , are merely flashes of that primeval light , in the full flood of which , man , in his more perfect antediluvian state , delighted to dwell ; and it is remarkable in the case of Pythagoras , Anaxagoras , Thales , and so many other of the Greek philosophers , that the further we trace them back , we come nearer to the divine truth , which , in the systems of Epicurus , Aristippus , Zeno , or the shallow or cold philosophers of later origin , altogether disappears . Pythagoras and Plato were indeed divinely gifted with a scientific presentiment of the great truths of Christianity soon to be revealed , or say rather restored to the world ; while Aristotle , on the other hand , is to be regarded as the father of those unhappy academical schismatics from the Great Church of living humanity , who allowed the ministrant faculty of reason to assume an unlawful supremacy over the higher powers of intellect , and gave birth to that voracious despotism of barren dialectics , in the middle ages commonly called the scholastic philosophy . The Greek philosophy , however , even its noblest Avatar , Plato , much less in the case of a Zeno or an Aristotle , was never able to achieve that which must be the practically proposed end of all higher philosophy that is in earnest ; viz . the coming out of the narrow sphere of the school and the palaestra , uniting itself with actual life , and embodying itself completely in the shape of that which we call a CHURCH . This Platonism could not do . Christianity did it . Revelation did it . God Incarnate did it . Now once again came humanity forth , fresh from the bosom of the divine creativeness , conquering and to conquer . There was no Aristotle and Plato — no Abelard and Bernard here — reason carping at imagination , and imagination despising reason . But once , if but once in four thousand years , man appeared in all the might of his living completeness . Love walked hand in hand with knowledge , and both were identified in life . The spirit of divine peace brooded in the inner sanctuary of the heart , while the outer man was mailed for the sternest warfare . Such was pure Christianity , so long as it lasted — for the celestial plant was condemned to grow in a terrestrial atmosphere ; and there , alas ! it could only grow with a stunted likeness of itself . It was more than stunted also — it was tainted ; for are not all things tainted here ? Do we not live in a tainted atmosphere ? do we not live in a time out of joint ? Does not the whole creation literally groan ? Too manifestly it does , however natural philosophers may affect to speak of the book of nature , as if it were the clear and uncorrupted text of the living book of God . Not only man , but the whole environment of external nature , which belongs to him , has been deranged by the Fall . In such a world as this , wherein whoso will not believe a devil cannot believe a God , it was impossible for Christianity to remain in that state of blissful vital harmony with itself with which it set out . It became divided . Extravagant developments of ambitious , monopolizing faculties became manifest on every side . Self-sufficing Pelagianisn and Arianism , here ; self-confounding Gnosticism and Manichaeism there . Then came those two great strifes and divisions of the middle ages — the one , that old dualism of the inner man , the ever-repeated strife between reason and imagination , to which we have so often alluded — the other , a no less serious strife of the outward machinery of life , the strife between the spiritual and the temporal powers , between the Pope and the Emperor . This was bad enough ; that the two vicars of God on earth should not know to keep the peace among themselves , when the keeping of the peace among others was the very end and aim of the appointment . But worse times were coming . For in the middle ages , notwithstanding the rank evils of barren scholasticism , secular-minded popes , and intrusive emperors , there was still a church , a common Christian religion , a common faith of all Christians ; but now , since that anarchical and rebellious movement , commonly called the Reformation , but more fitly termed the revolution , the overturning and overthrowing of the religion of Christendom , we have no more a mere internal strife and division to vex us , but there is an entire separation and divorce of one part of the Christian church ( so called ) from the main mother institution . The abode of peace has become the camp of war and the arena of battles ; that dogmatical theology of the Christian church , which , if it be not the infallible pure mathematics of the moral world , has been deceiving men for 1800 years , and is a liar — that theology is now publicly discussed and denied , scorned and scouted by men who do not blush to call themselves Christians ; there is no universal peace any longer to be found in that region where it is the instinct of humanity , before all things , to seek repose ; the only religious peace which the present age recognises , is that of which the Indian talks , when he says of certain epochs of the world 's history , Brahma sleeps ! Those who sleep and are indifferent in spiritual matters find peace ; but those who are alive and awake must beat the wind , and battle , belike , with much useless loss of strength , before they can arrive even at that first postulate of all healthy thinking — there is a God . “ Ueber Gott werd ich nie streiten , ” said Herder . “ About God I will never dispute . ” Yet look at German rationalism , look at Protestant theology — what do you see there ? Reason usurping the mastery in each individual , without control of the higher faculties of the soul , and of those institutions in life by which those faculties are represented ; and as one man 's reason is as good as another 's , thence arises war of each self-asserted despotism against that which happens to be next it , and of all against all — a spiritual anarchy , which threatens the entire dissolution of the moral world , and from which there is no refuge but in recurring to the old traditionary faith of a revolted humanity , no redemption but in the venerable repository of those traditions — the one and indivisible holy Catholic church of Christ , of whom , as the inner and eternal keystone is God , so the outer and temporal is the Pope . Such is a general outline of the philosophy of Frederick Schlegel — a philosophy belonging to the class theological and supernatural , to the genus Christian , to the species sacerdotal and Popish . Now , without stopping here to blame its sublime generalities and beautiful confusions , on the one hand , or to praise its elevated tendency , its catholic and reconciling tone on the other , we shall merely call attention , in a single sentence , physiologically , to its main and distinguishing character . It was , in fact , ( in spirit and tendency , though not in outward accomplishment ,) to German literature twenty years ago what Puseyism is now to the English church — it was a bold and grand attempt to get rid of those vexing doubts and disputes on the most important subjects that will ever disquiet minds of a certain constitution , so long as they have nothing to lean on but their own judgment ; and as Protestantism , when consistently carried out , summarily throws a man back on his individual opinion , and subjects the vastest and most momentous questions to the scrutiny of reason and the torture of doubt , therefore Schlegel in literary Germany , and Pusey in ecclesiastical England , were equally forced , if they would not lose Christianity altogether , to renounce Protestantism , and to base their philosophy upon sacerdotal authority and ecclesiastical tradition . That Schlegel became a Romanist at Cologne , and Dr Pusey an Anglo-Catholic at Oxford , does not affect the kinship . Both , to escape from the anarchy of Protestant individualism , ( as it was felt by them ,) were obliged to assert not merely Christianity , but a hierarchy — not merely the Bible , but an authoritative interpretation of the Bible ; and both found , or seemed to find , that authoritative interpretation and exorcism of doubt there , where alone in their circumstances , and intellectually constituted as they were , it was to be found . Dr Pusey did not become a Papist like Frederick Schlegel , for two plain reasons — first , because he was an Englishman , second , because he was an English churchman . The authority which he sought for lay at his door ; why should he travel to Rome for it ? Archbishop Laud had taught apostolical succession before — Dr Pusey might teach it again . But this convenient prop of Popery without the Pope was not prepared for Frederick Schlegel . There was no Episcopal church , no Oxford in Germany , into whose bosom he could throw himself , and find relief from the agony of religious doubt . He was a German , moreover , and a philosopher . To his searching eye and circumspective wariness , the general basis of tradition which might satisfy a Pusey , though sufficiently broad , did not appear sure enough . To his lofty architectural imagination a hierarchical aristocracy , untopped by a hierarchical monarch , did not appear sufficiently sublime . To his all-comprehending and all-combining historical sympathies , a Christian priesthood , with Cyprian , Augustine , and Jerome , but without Hildebrand , Innocent , and Boniface , would have presented the appearance of a fair landscape , with a black yawning chasm in the middle , into which whoever looked shuddered . Therefore Frederick Schlegel , spurning all half measures , inglorious compromises , and vain attempts to reconcile the irreconcilable , vaulted himself at once , with a bold leap , into the central point of sacerdotal Christianity . The obstacles that would have deterred ordinary minds had no effect on him . All points of detail were sunk in the over-whelming importance of the general question . Transubstantiation or consubstantiation , conception , maculate or immaculate , were a matter of small moment with him . What he wanted was a divinely commissioned church with sacred mysteries — a spiritual house of refuge from the weary battle of intellectual east winds , blasting and barren , with which he saw Protestant Germany desolated . This house of refuge he found in Cologne , in Vienna ; and having once made up his mind that spiritual unity and peace were to be found only in the one mother church of Christendom , not being one of those half characters who , “ making I dare not wait upon I would , ” are continually weaving a net of paltry external no 's to entangle the progress of every grand decided yes of the inner man , Schlegel did not for a moment hesitate to make his thought a deed , and publicly profess his return to Romanism in the face of enlightened and “ ultra-Protestant ” Germany . To do this certainly required some moral courage ; and no just judge of human actions will refuse to sympathize with the motive of this one , however little he may feel himself at liberty to agree with the result . But Frederick Schlegel , a well informed writer has said , [ F ] “ became Romanist in a way peculiar to himself , and had in no sense given up his right of private judgment . ” We have not been able to see , from a careful perusal of his works , ( in all of which there is more or less of theology ,) that there is any foundation for this assertion of Varnhagen . Frederick Schlegel , the German , was as honest and stout a Romanist in this nineteenth century as any Spanish Ferdinand Catholicus in the fifteenth . Freedom of speculation indeed , within certain known limits , and spirituality of creed above what the meagre charity of some Protestants may conceive possible in a Papist , we do find in this man ; but these good qualities a St Bernard , a Dante , a Savonarola , a F é n é lon , had exhibited in the Romish Church before Schlegel , and others as great may exhibit them again . Freedom of thought , however , in the sense in which it is understood by Protestants , was the very thing which Schlegel , G ö res , Adam M ü ller , and so many others , did give up when they entered the Catholic Church . They felt as Wordsworth did when he wrote his beautiful ode to “ Duty ; ” they had more liberty than they knew how to use — “ Me this uncharter 'd freedom tires ; I feel the weight of chance desires ; My hopes no more must change their name — I long for a repose that ever is the same . ” And if it seem strange to any one that Frederick Schlegel , the learned , the profound , the comprehensive , should believe in Transubstantiation , [ G ] let him look at a broader aspect of history than that of German books , and ask himself — Did Isabella of Castile — the gentle , the noble , the generous — establish the Inquisition , or allow Ximenes to establish it ? In a world which surrounds us on all sides with apparent contradictions , he who admits a real one now and then into his faith , or into his practice , is neither a fool nor a monster . Footnote F : Varnhagen Von Ense , Rahel 's Umgang , i. p. 227 . “ Er war auf besondere Weise Katholisch , und hatte seine Geistesfreiheit dabei gar nicht aufgegeben . ” Varnhagen Von Ense , Rahel 's Umgang , i. p. 227 . “ Er war auf besondere Weise Katholisch , und hatte seine Geistesfreiheit dabei gar nicht aufgegeben . ” Footnote G : The following is Schlegel 's philosophy of transubstantiation — “ Though it be true , that in the Holy Scriptures , in accordance with the symbolical nature of man , there is much that is generally symbolical , and symbolically to be understood ; yet when a symbol proceeds immediately from God , it can in this case be nothing less than substantial ; it cannot be a mere sign , it must also be something actual ; otherwise it would be as if one would palm on the eternal LOGOS , who is the ground of all existence and all knowledge , words without meaning and without power . Quite natural , therefore , it must be regarded , i. e . quite suitable to the nature of the thing , although per se certainly supernatural , and surpassing all comprehension , when that highest symbol which forms the proper principle of unity , and the living central point of Christianity , is perceived to possess this character , that it is at once the sign and the thing signified . For now , that on the high altar of divine love the one great sacrifice has been accomplished for ever , and no flame more can rise from it save the inspiration of a pure God-united will , that solemn act by which the bond formed between the soul and God is from time to time revealed , can consist in nothing else than this — that here the essential substance of the divine power and the divine love is in all its lively fullness communicated to , and received by man , as the miraculous sign of his union with God . ” — Philosophie des Lebene , p. 376 . On the logic of this remarkable passage , those who are strong in Mill and Whately may decide ; its orthodoxy belongs to the consideration of the Tridentine doctors . The following is Schlegel 's philosophy of transubstantiation — “ Though it be true , that in the Holy Scriptures , in accordance with the symbolical nature of man , there is much that is generally symbolical , and symbolically to be understood ; yet when a symbol proceeds immediately from God , it can in this case be nothing less than substantial ; it cannot be a mere sign , it must also be something actual ; otherwise it would be as if one would palm on the eternal LOGOS , who is the ground of all existence and all knowledge , words without meaning and without power . Quite natural , therefore , it must be regarded , i. e . quite suitable to the nature of the thing , although per se certainly supernatural , and surpassing all comprehension , when that highest symbol which forms the proper principle of unity , and the living central point of Christianity , is perceived to possess this character , that it is at once the sign and the thing signified . For now , that on the high altar of divine love the one great sacrifice has been accomplished for ever , and no flame more can rise from it save the inspiration of a pure God-united will , that solemn act by which the bond formed between the soul and God is from time to time revealed , can consist in nothing else than this — that here the essential substance of the divine power and the divine love is in all its lively fullness communicated to , and received by man , as the miraculous sign of his union with God . ” — Philosophie des Lebene , p. 376 . On the logic of this remarkable passage , those who are strong in Mill and Whately may decide ; its orthodoxy belongs to the consideration of the Tridentine doctors . In his political opinions , Schlegel maintained the same grand consistency that characterizes his religious philosophy . He had more sense , however , and more of the spirit of Christian fraternity in him than , for the sake of absolutism , to become a Turk or a Russian ; nay , from some passages in the Concordia — a political journal , published by him and his friend Adam M ü ller , in 1820 , and quoted by Mr Robertson — it would almost appear that he would have preferred a monarchy limited by states , conceived in the spirit of the middle ages , to the almost absolute form of monarchical government , under whose protection he lived and lectured at Vienna . To some such constitution as that which now exists in Sweden , for instance , we think he would have had no objections . At the same time , it is certain he gave great offence to the constitutional party in Germany , by the anti-popular tone of his writings generally , more perhaps than by any special absolutist abuses which he had publicly patronized . He was , indeed , a decided enemy to the modern system of representative constitutions , and popular checks ; a king by divine right according to the idea of our English nonjurors , was as necessary a corner-stone to his political , as a pope by apostolical succession to his ecclesiastical edifice . And as no confessed corruption of the church , represented as it might be by the monstrous brutality of a Borgia , or the military madness of a Julius , was , in his view , sufficient to authorize any hasty Luther to make a profane bonfire of a papal bull ; any hot Henry to usurp the trade of manufacturing creeds ; so no “ sacred right of insurrection , ” no unflinching patriotic opposition , no claim of rights , ( by petitioners having swords in their hands ,) are admissible in his system of a Christian state . And as for the British constitution , and “ the glorious Revolution of 1688 , ” this latter , indeed , is one of the best of a bad kind , and that boasted constitution as an example of a house divided against itself , and yet not falling , is a perfect miracle of dynamical art , a lucky accident of politics , scarcely to be looked for again in the history of social development , much less to be eagerly sought after and ignorantly imitated . Nay , rather , if we look at this boasted constitution a little more narrowly , and instruct ourselves as to its practical working , what do we see ? “ Historical experience , the great teacher of political science , manifestly shows that in these dynamical states , which exist by the cunningly devised balance and counter-balance of different powers , what is called governing is , in truth , a continual strife and contention between the Ministry and the Opposition , who seem to delight in nothing so much as in tugging and tearing the state and its resources to pieces between them , while the hallowed freedom of the hereditary monarch seems to serve only as an old tree , under whose shades the contending parties may the more comfortably choose their ground , and fight out their battles . "[ H ] It is but too manifest , indeed , according to Schlegel 's projection of the universe , that all constitutionalism is , properly speaking , a sort of political Protestantism , a fretful fever of the social body , having its origin ( like the religious epidemic of the sixteenth century ) in the private conceit of the individual , growing by violence and strife , and ending in dissolution . This is the ever-repeated refrain of his political discourses , puerile enough , it may be , to our rude hearing in Britain , but very grateful to polite and patriotic ears at Vienna , when the cannon of Wagram was yet sounding in audible echo beneath their towers . The propounder of such philosophy had not only the common necessity of all philosophers to pile up his political in majestic consistency with his ecclesiastical creed , but he had also to pay back the mad French liberalism with something more mad if possible , and more despotic . And if also Danton , and Mirabeau , and Robespierre , and other terrible Avatars of the destroying Siva in Paris , had raised his naturally romantic temperament a little into the febrile and delirious now and then , what wonder ? Shall the devil walk the public streets at noon day , and men not be afraid ? Footnote H : Philosophie des Lebens , p. 407 . Philosophie des Lebens , p. 407 . We said that Frederick Schlegel 's philosophy , political and religious , but chiefly religious , was the grand key to his popular work on the history of literature . We may illustrate this now by a few instances . In the first place , the “ many-sided ” Goethe seems to be as little profound as he is charitable , when he sees nothing in the Sanscrit studies of the romantic brothers but a pis aller , and a vulgar ambition to bring forward something new , and make German men stare . We do not answer for the elder brother ; but Frederick certainly made the cruise to the east , as Columbus did to the west , from a romantic spirit of adventure . He was not pleased with the old world — he wished to find a new world more to his mind , and , beyond the Indus , he found it . The Hindoos to him were the Greeks of the aboriginal world — “ diese Griechen der Urwelt ” — and so much better and more divine than the western Greeks , as the aboriginal world was better and more divine than that which came after it . If imagination was the prime , the creative faculty in man , here , in the holy Eddas , it had sat throned for thousands of years as high as the Himalayas . If repose was sought for , and rest to the soul from the toil and turmoil of religious wars in Europe , here , in the secret meditations of pious Yooges , waiting to be absorbed into the bosom of Brahma , surely peace was to be found . Take another matter . Why did Frederick Schlegel make so much talk of the middle ages ? Why were the times , so dark to others , instinct to him with a steady solar effluence , in comparison of which the boasted enlightenment of these latter days was but as the busy exhibition of squibs by impertinent boys , the uncertain trembling of fire-flies in a dusky twilight ? The middle ages were historically the glory of Germany ; and those who had lived to see and to feel the Confederation of the Rhine , and the Protectorate of Napoleon , did not require the particular predilections of a Schlegel to carry them back with eager reaction to the days of the Henries , the Othos , and the Fredericks , when to be the German emperor was to be the greatest man in Europe , after the Pope . But to Schlegel the middle ages were something more . The glory of Germany to the patriot , they were the glory of Europe to the thinker . Modern wits have laughed at the enthusiasm of the Crusades . Did they weep over the perfidy of the partition of Poland ? Do they really trust themselves to persuade a generous mind that the principle of mutual jealousy and mere selfishness , the meagre inspiration of the so called balance of power in modern politics , is , according to any norm of nobility in action , a more laudable motive for a public war , than a holy zeal against those who were at once the enemies of Christ , and ( as future events but too clearly showed ) the enemies of Europe ? Modern wits sneer at the scholastic drivelling or the cloudy mistiness of the writers of the middle ages . Did they ever blush for the impious baseness of Helvetius , for the portentous scaffolding of notional skeletons in Hegel ? But , alas ! we talk of we know not what . What spectacle does modern life present equal to that of St Bernard , the pious monk of Clairvaux , the feeble , emaciated thinker , brooding , with his dove-like eyes , ( “ oculos columbinos , ” ) over the wild motions of the twelfth century , and by the calm might of divine love , guiding the sceptre of the secular king , and the crosier of the spiritual pontiff alike ? Was that a weak or a dark age , when the strength of mind and the light of love could triumph so signally over brute force , and that natural selfishness of public motive which has achieved its cold , glittering triumphs in the lives of so many modern heroes and heroines — a Louis , a Frederick , a Catharine , a Napoleon ? But indeed here , as elsewhere , we see that the modern world has fallen altogether into a practical atheism by the idolatry of mere reason ; whereas all true greatness comes not down from the head , but up from the heart of man . In which greatness of the heart , the Bernards and the Barbarossas of the middle ages excelled ; and therefore they were better than we . It is by no means necessary for the admirer of Schlegel to maintain that all this eulogium of the twelfth century , or this depreciation of the times we live in , is just and well-merited . Nothing is more cheap than to praise a pretty village perched far away amid the blue skies , and to rail at the sharp edges and corners of things that fret against our ribs . Let it be admitted that there is not a little of artistical decoration , and a great deal of optical illusion , in the matter ; still there is some truth , some great truth , that lay in comparative neglect till Schlegel brought it into prominency . This is genuine literary merit ; it is that sort of discovery , so to speak , which makes criticism original . And it was not merely with the bringing forward of new materials , but by throwing new lights on the old , that Frederick Schlegel enriched aesthetical science . If the criticism of the nineteenth century may justly boast of a more catholic sympathy , of a wider flight , of a more comprehensive view , and more various feast than that which it superseded , it owes this , with something that belongs to the spirit of the age generally , chiefly to the special captainship of Frederick Schlegel . If the grand spirit of combination and comprehension which distinguishes the “ Lectures on Ancient and Modern Literature , ” be that quality which mainly distinguishes the so called Romantic from the Classical school of aesthetics , then let us profess ourselves Romanticists by all means immediately ; for the one seems to include the other as the genus does the species . The beauty of Frederick Schlegel is , that his romance arches over every thing like a sky , and excludes nothing ; he delights indeed to override every thing despotically , with one dominant theological and ecclesiastical idea , and now and then , of course , gives rather a rough jog to whatever thing may stand in his way ; but generally he seeks about with cautious , conscientious care to find room for every thing ; and for a wholesale dealer in denunciation ( as in some views we cannot choose but call him ) is really the most kind , considerate , and charitable Aristarchus that ever wielded a pen . Hear what Varnhagen Von Ense says on this point — “ The inward character of this man , the fundamental impulses of his nature , the merit or the results of his intellectual activity , have as yet found none to describe them in such a manner as he has often succeeded in describing others . It is not every body 's business to attempt an anatomy and re-combination of this kind . One must have courage , coolness , profound study , wide sympathies , and a free comprehensiveness , to keep a steady footing and a clear eye in the midst of this gigantic , rolling conglomeration of contradictions , eccentricities , and singularities of all kinds . Here every sort of demon and devil , genius and ghost , Lucinde and Charlemagne , Alarcos , Maria , Plato , Spinoza and Bonald , Goethe consecrated and Goethe condemned , revolution and hierarchy , reel about restlessly , come together , and , what is the strangest thing of all , do not clash . For Schlegel , however many Protean shapes he might assume , never cast away any thing that had ever formed a substantial element in his intellectual existence , but found an advocatus Dei to plead always with a certain reputable eloquence even for the most unmannerly of them ; and with good reason too , for in his all-appropriating and curiously combining soul , there did exist a living connexion between the most apparently contradictory of his ideas . To point out this connexion , to trace the secret thread of unity through the most distant extremes , to mark the delicate shade of transition from one phasis of intellectual development to another , to remove , at every doubtful point , the veil and to expose the substance , that were a problem for the sagacity of no common critic . "[ I ] We take the hint . It is not every Byron that finds a Goethe to take him to pieces and build him up again , and peruse him and admire him , as Cuvier did the Mammoth . Those who feel an inward vocation to do so by Schlegel may yet do so in Germany ; if there be any in these busy times , even there , who may have leisure to applaud such a work . To us in Britain it may suffice to have essayed to exhibit the fruit and the final results , without attempting curiously to dissect the growth of Schlegel 's criticism . Footnote I : RAHEL 'S Umgang . FRIEDRICH VON SCHLEGEL , vol . i. p. 325 . RAHEL 'S Umgang . FRIEDRICH VON SCHLEGEL , vol . i. p. 325 . The outward fates of this great critic 's life may be found , like every thing else , in the famous “ Conversations Lexicon ; ” but as very few readers of these remarks , or students of the history of ancient and modern literature , may be in a condition to refer to that most useful Cyclopaedia of literary reference , we may here sketch the main lines of Schlegel 's biography from the sources supplied by Mr Robertson , [ J ] in the preface to his excellent translation of the “ Lectures on the philosophy of history . ” Whatever we take from a different source will be distinctly noted . Footnote J : The authorities given by Mr Robertson are , ( 1 .) La Biographie des Vivans , Paris . ( 2 .) An article for July 1829 , in the French Globe , apparently an abridgement of the account of Schlegel in the Conversations Lexicon . ( 3 .) A fuller and truer account of the author , in a French work published several years ago at Paris , entitled “ Memoirs of distinguished Converts . ” ( 4 .) Some facts in Le Catholique , a journal , edited at Paris from 1826 to 1829 , by Schlegel 's friend , the Baron d'Echstein . The authorities given by Mr Robertson are , ( 1 .) La Biographie des Vivans , Paris . ( 2 .) An article for July 1829 , in the French Globe , apparently an abridgement of the account of Schlegel in the Conversations Lexicon . ( 3 .) A fuller and truer account of the author , in a French work published several years ago at Paris , entitled “ Memoirs of distinguished Converts . ” ( 4 .) Some facts in Le Catholique , a journal , edited at Paris from 1826 to 1829 , by Schlegel 's friend , the Baron d'Echstein . The brothers Schlegel belonged to what Frederick in his lectures calls the third generation of modern German literature . The whole period from 1750 to 1800 , being divided into three generations , the first comprehends all those whose period of greatest activity falls into the first decade , from 1750 to 1760 , and thereabout . Its chief heroes are Wieland , Klopstock , and Lessing . These men of course were all born before the year 1730 . The second generation extends from 1770 to 1790 , and thereabouts , and presents a development , which stands to the first in the relation of summer to spring — Goethe and Schiller are the two names by which it will be sent down to posterity . Of these the one was born in 1749 , and the other in 1759 . Then follows that third generation to which Schlegel himself belongs , and which is more generally known in literary history as the era of the Romantic school — a school answering both in chronology , and in many points of character also , to what we call the Lake school in England . Coleridge , Wordsworth , and Southey , are contemporaries of Tieck , Novalis , and the Schlegels . Their political contemporaries are Napoleon and Wellington . The event which gave a direction to their literary development , no less decidedly than it did to the political history of Europe , was the French Revolution . Accordingly , we find that all these great European characters — for so they all are more or less — made the all-important passage from youth into manhood during the ferment of the years that followed that ominous date , 1789 . This coincidence explains the celebrity of the famous biographical year 1769 — Walter Scott was born in that year , Wellington and Napoleon , as every body knows — and the elder Aristarchus of the Romantic school , the translator of Shakspeare , Augustus William Von Schlegel was born in 1767 . At Hanover , five years later , was born his brother Frederick , that is to say , in May 1772 , and our Coleridge in the same year — and to carry on the parallel for another year , Ludwig Tieck , Henry Steffens , and Novalis , were all born in 1773 . These dates are curious ; when taken along with the great fact of the age — the French Revolution — they may serve to that family likeness which we have noted in characterizing the Romanticists in Germany and the Lake school in England . When Coleridge here was dreaming of America and Pantisocracy , Frederick Schlegel was studying Plato , and scheming republics there . [ K ] In the first years of his literary career Schlegel devoted himself chiefly to classical literature ; and between 1794 and 1797 published several works on Greek and Roman poetry and philosophy , the substance of which was afterwards concentrated into the four first lectures on the history of literature . About this time he appears to have lived chiefly by his literary exertions — a method of obtaining a livelihood very precarious , ( as those know best who have tried it ,) and to men of a turn of mind more philosophical than popular , even in philosophical Germany , exceedingly irksome . Schlegel felt this as deeply as poor Coleridge — “ to live by literature , ” says he , in one of those letters to Rahel from which we have just quoted — “ is to me je l ä nger je unertr ä glicher — the longer I try it the more intolerable . ” Happily , to keep him from absolute starvation , he married the daughter of Moses Mendelsohn , the Jewish philosopher , who , it appears , had a few pence in her pocket , but not many ; [ L ] and between these , and the produce of his own pen , which could move with equal facility in French as in German , he managed not merely to keep himself and his wife alive , but to transport himself to Paris in the year 1802 , and remain there for a year or two , laying the foundation for that oriental evangel which , in 1808 , he proclaimed to his countrymen in the little book , Ueber die Sprache und Weisheit der Indier . Meanwhile , in the year 1805 , he had returned from France to his own Germany — alas , then about to be one Germany no more ! And while the sun of Austerlitz was rising brightly on the then Emperor of France , and soon to be protector of the Rhine , the future secretary of the Archduke Charles , and literary evangelist of Prince Metternich , was prostrating himself before the three holy kings , and swearing fealty to the shade of Charlemagne in Catholic Cologne . There were some men in those days base enough to impeach the purity of Schlegel 's motives in the public profession thus made of the old Romish faith . Such men wherever they are to be found now or then , ought to be whipped out of the world . If mere worldly motives could have had any influence on such a mind , the gates of Berlin were as open to him as the gates of Vienna . As it was , not wishing to expatriate himself , like Winkelmann , he had nowhere to go to but Vienna ; in those days , indeed , mere patriotism and Teutonic feeling , ( in which the Romantic school was never deficient ,) independently altogether of Popery , could lead him nowhere else . To Vienna , accordingly , he went ; and Vienna is not a place — whatever Napoleon , after Mack 's affair , might say of the “ stupid Austrians ” — where a man like Schlegel will ever be neglected . Prince Metternich and the Archduke Charles had eyes in their head ; and with the latter , therefore , we find the great Sanscrit scholar marching to share the glory of Aspern and the honour of Wagram ; while the former afterwards decorated him with what of courtly remuneration , in the shape of titles and pensions , it is the policy alike and the privilege of politicians to bestow on poets and philosophers who can do them service . Nay , with some diplomatic missions and messages to Frankfurt also , we find the Romantic philosopher entrusted and even in the great European Congress of Vienna in 1815 , he appears exhibiting himself , in no undignified position , alongside of Gentz , Cardinal Gonsalvi , and the Prince of Benevento . [ M ] We are not to imagine , however , from this , either that the comprehensive philosopher of history had any peculiar talent for practical diplomacy , or that he is to be regarded as a thorough Austrian in politics . For the nice practical problems of diplomacy , he was perhaps the very worst man in the world ; and what Varnhagen states in the place just referred to , that Schlegel was , what we should call in England , far too much of a high churchman for Prince Metternich , is only too manifest from the well-known ecclesiastical policy of the Austrian government , contrasted as it is with the ultramontane and Guelphic views propounded by the Viennese lecturer in his philosophy of the eleventh and twelfth centuries . Frederick Schlegel wished to see the state , with relation to the church , in the attitude that Frederick Barbarossa assumed before Alexander III . at Venice — kneeling , and holding the stirrup . “ An emperor tramples where an emperor knelt . ” Joseph II ., in his estimation , had inverted the poles of the moral world , making the state supreme , and the church subordinate — that degrading position , which the Non-intrusionsts picture to themselves when they talk of ERASTIANISM , and which Schlegel would have denominated simply — PROTESTANTISM . Footnote K : “ Das republikanishe Werk erscheint gewiss nicht vor Zwei Jahren . ” — Letters to Rahel — 1802 . Varnhagen , as above . Vol . I. p. 234 . “ Das republikanishe Werk erscheint gewiss nicht vor Zwei Jahren . ” — Letters to Rahel — 1802 . Varnhagen , as above . Vol . I. p. 234 . Footnote L : “ Das kleine Vermogen meiner Frau . ” — Letters to Rahel . Paris : 1803 . “ Das kleine Vermogen meiner Frau . ” — Letters to Rahel . Paris : 1803 . Footnote M : Das Wiener Congress in 1814-15 , by VARNHAGEN VON ENSE , in the fifth volume of his Denkw ü rdigkeiten , p. 51 . By the way here , Mr Robertson in his list of famous Catholics in Germany , ( p. 19 ,) includes Gentz . Now , Varnhagen , who knew well , says that Gentz was only politically an Austrian , and always remained Protestant in his religious opinions ; which is doubtless the fact . Das Wiener Congress in 1814-15 , by VARNHAGEN VON ENSE , in the fifth volume of his Denkw ü rdigkeiten , p. 51 . By the way here , Mr Robertson in his list of famous Catholics in Germany , ( p. 19 ,) includes Gentz . Now , Varnhagen , who knew well , says that Gentz was only politically an Austrian , and always remained Protestant in his religious opinions ; which is doubtless the fact . During his long residence at Vienna , from 1806 to 1828 , Schlegel delivered four courses of public lectures in the following order :— One-and-twenty lectures on Modern History , [ N ] delivered in the year 1810 ; sixteen lectures on Ancient and Modern Literature , delivered in the spring of 1812 , fifteen lectures on the Philosophy of Life , delivered in 1827 ; and lastly , eighteen lectures on the Philosophy of History , delivered in 1828 . Of these , the Philosophy of life contains the theory , as the lectures on literature and on history do the application , of Schlegel 's catholic and combining system of human intellect , and , altogether , they form a complete and consistent body of Schlegelism . Three works more speculatively complete , and more practically useful in their way , the production of one consistent architectural mind , are , in the history of literature , not easily to be found . Footnote N : Ueber die neuere Geschichte Vorlesungen gehalten zu Wien im Jahre 1810 ; Wien , 1811 . Ueber die neuere Geschichte Vorlesungen gehalten zu Wien im Jahre 1810 ; Wien , 1811 . Towards the close of the year 1828 , Schlegel repaired to Dresden , a city endeared to him by the recollections of enthusiastic juvenile studies . Here he delivered nine lectures Ueber die Philosophie der Sprache , und des Worts , on the Philosophy of Language , a work which the present writer laments much that he has not seen ; as it is manifest that the prominency given in Schlegel 's Philosophy of Life above sketched to living experience and primeval tradition , must , along with his various accomplishments as a linguist , have eminently fitted him for developing systematically the high significance of human speech . On Sunday the 11th January 1829 , he was engaged in composing a lecture which was to be delivered on the following Wednesday , and had just come to the significant words — “ Das ganz vollendete und voll-kommene Verstehen selbst , aber ” — “ The perfect and complete understanding of things , however ” — when the mortal palsy suddenly seized his hand , and before one o'clock on the same night he had ceased to philosophize . The words with which his pen ended its long and laborious career , are characteristic enough , both of the general imperfection of human knowledge , and of the particular quality of Schlegel 's mind . The Germans have a proverb :— “ Alles w ä re gut w ä re kein ABER dabei ” — “ every thing would be good were it not for an ABER — for a HOWEVER — for a BUT . ” This is the general human vice that lies in that significant ABER . But Schlegel 's part in it is a virtue — one of his greatest virtues — a conscientious anxiety never to state a general proposition in philosophy , without , at the same time , stating in what various ways the eternal truth comes to be limited and modified in practice . Great , indeed , is the virtue of a Schlegelian ABER . Had it not been for that , he would have had his place long ago among the vulgar herds of erudite and intellectual dogmatists . Heinrich Steffens , a well-known literary and scientific character in Germany , in his personal memoirs recently published , [ O ] describes Frederick Schlegel , at Jena in 1798 , as “ a remarkable man , slenderly built , but with beautiful regular features , and a very intellectual expression ” — ( im h ö chsten Grade gisntreich .) In his manner there was something remarkably calm and cool , almost phlegmatic . He spoke with great slowness and deliberation , but often with much point , and a great deal of reflective wit . He was thus a thorough German in his temperament ; so at least as Englishmen and Frenchmen , of a more nimble blood , delight to picture the Rhenish Teut , not always in the most complimentary contrast with themselves . As it is , his merit shines forth only so much the more , that being a German of the Germans , he should by one small work , more of a combining than of a creative character , have achieved an European reputation and popularity with a certain sphere , that bids fair to last for a generation or two , at least , even in this book-making age . Such an earnest devotedness of research ; such a gigantic capacity of appropriation , such a kingly faculty of comprehension , will rarely be found united in one individual . The multifarious truths which the noble industry of such a spirit either evolved wisely or happily disposed , will long continue to be received as a welcome legacy by our studious youth ; and as for his errors in a literary point of view , and with reference to British use , practically considered they are the mere breadth of fantastic colouring , which , being removed , does not destroy the drawing . Footnote O : Was Ich Erlebte , von HEINRICH STEFFENS . Breslau , 1840-2 . Vol . iv . p. 303 . Was Ich Erlebte , von HEINRICH STEFFENS . Breslau , 1840-2 . Vol . iv . p. 303 . MARSTON ; OR THE MEMOIRS OF A STATESMAN . PART IV . “ Have I not in my time hear lions roar ? Have I not heard the sea , puft up with wind , Rage like an angry boar chafed with sweat ? Have I not heard great ordnance in the field , And heaven 's artillery thunder in the skies ? Have I not in the pitched battle heard Loud ‘ larums , neighing steeds , and trumpets clang ? ” SHAKSPEARE . What that residence and Brighton have since become , is familiar to the world — the one an oriental palace , and the other an English city . But at this time all that men saw in the surrounding landscape was almost as it had been seen by our forefathers the Picts and Saxons . I found the prince standing , with four or five gentlemen of distinguished appearance , under the veranda which shaded the front of the cottage from the evening sun . The day had been one of that sultry atmosphere in which autumn sometimes takes its leave of us , and the air from the sea was now delightfully refreshing . The flowers , clustered in thick knots over the little lawn , were raising their languid heads , and breathing their renewed fragrance . All was sweetness and calmness . The sunlight , falling on the amphitheatre of hills , and touching them with diversities of colour as it fell on their various heights and hollows , gave the whole a glittering and fantastic aspect ; while the total silence , and absence of all look of life , except an occasional curl of smoke from some of the scattered cottages along the beach ; with the magnificent expanse of the ocean bounding all , smooth and blue as a floor of lapis-lazuli , completed the character of a scene which might have been in fairyland . The prince , whose politeness was undeviating to all , came forward to meet me at once , introduced me to his circle , and entered into conversation ; the topic was his beautiful little dwelling . “ You see , Mr Marston , ” said he , “ we live here like hermits , and in not much more space . I give myself credit for having made the discovery of this spot . I dare say , the name of Brighthelmstone may have been in the journal of some voyager to unknown lands , but I believe I have the honour of being the first who ever made it known in London . ” I fully acknowledged the taste of his discovery . “ Why , ” said he , “ it certainly is not the taste of Kew , whose chief prospect is the ugliest town on the face of the earth , and whose chief zephyrs are the breath of its brew houses and lime-kilns . Hampton Court has always reminded me of a monastery , which I should never dream of inhabiting unless I put on the gown of a monk . St James 's still looks the hospital that it once was . Windsor is certainly a noble structure — Edward 's mile of palaces — but that residence is better tenanted than by a subject . While , here I have found a desert , it is true ; but as the poet says or sings — ‘ I am monarch of all I survey . ’ ” “ Yes , ” I observed . “ But still a desert highly picturesque , and capable of cultivation . ” “ Oh ! I hope not , ” he answered laughingly . “ The first appearance of cultivation would put me to flight at once . Fortunately , cultivation is almost impossible . The soil almost totally prohibits tillage , the sea air prohibits trees , the shore prohibits trade , nothing can live here but a fisherman or a shrimp , and thus I am secure against the invasion of all improvers . W ——, come here , and assist me to cure Mr Marston of his skepticism on the absolute impossibility of our ever being surrounded by London brick and mortar . ” A man of a remarkably graceful air bowed to the call , and came towards us . “ W ——, ” said the prince , “ comfort me , by saying that no man can be citizenized in this corner of the world . ” “ It is certainly highly improbable , ” was the answer . “ And yet , when we know John Bull 's variety of tastes , and heroic contempt of money in indulging them , such things may be . I lately found one of my country constituents the inhabitant of a very pretty villa — which he had built , too , for himself — in Sicily ; and of all places , in the Val di Noto , the most notorious spot in the island , or perhaps on the earth , for all kinds of desperadoes — the very haunt of Italian smugglers , refugee Catalonians , expert beyond all living knaves in piracy , and African renegades . Yet there sat my honest and fat-cheeked friend , with Aetna roaring above him ; declaiming on liberty and property , as comfortably as if he could not be shot for the tenth of a sixpence , or swept off , chattels and all , at the nod of an Algerine . No , sir . If the whim takes the Londoner , you will have him down here without mercy . To the three per cents nothing is impossible . ” “ Well , well , ” said the good-humoured prince , “ that cannot happen for another hundred years ; and in the mean time my prospect will never be shut out . Let them build , or pull down the pyramids , if they will . The tide of city wealth will never roll through this valley ; the noise of city life will never fill those quiet fields ; the smoke of an insurrection of city hovels will never mingle with the freshness of such an evening as this . Here , at all events , I have spent half a dozen of the pleasantest years of my existence , and here , if I should live so long , I might spend the next fifty , notwithstanding your prophecies , W ——, as far from London , except in the mere matter of miles , as if I had fixed myself in a valley of the Crimea . ” His royal highness was clever , but he was no prophet , more than other men . Need I say that London found him out within the tenth part of his fifty years ; instead of suffering him to escape , compelled him to build : and , after the outlay of a quarter of a million , shut him up within his own walls , like the giant of the Arabian tales in a bottle — His village a huge suburb of the huge metropolis ; his lawn surrounded by a circumvallation of taverns and toyshops ; the sea invisible ; and the landscape scattered over with prettinesses of architecture created by the wealth of Cheapside , and worthy of all the caprices of all the tourists of this much travelled world . But simple as was the exterior of the cottage , all within was costliness , so far as it can be united with elegance . Later days somewhat impaired the taste of this accomplished man , and he sought in splendour what was only to be found in grace . But here , every decoration , from the ceiling to the floor , exhibited the simplicity of refinement . A few busts of his public friends , a few statues of the patriots of antiquity , and a few pictures of the great political geniuses of Europe — among which the broad forehead and powerful eye of Machiavel were conspicuous — showed at a glance that we were under the roof of a political personage . Even the figures in chased silver on the table were characteristic of this taste . A Timoleon , a Brutus , and a Themistocles , incomparably classic , stood on the plateau ; and a rapier which had belonged to Doria , and a sabre which had been worn by Castruccio , hung on either side of the mantelpiece . The whole had a republican tendency , but it was republicanism in gold and silver — mother-of-pearl republicanism — the Whig principle embalmed in Cellini chalices and porcelain of Frederic le Grand . Fortunately the conversation did not turn upon home politics . It wandered lightly through all the pleasanter topics of the day ; slight ventilations of public character , dexterous allusions to anecdotes which none but the initiated could understand ; and the general easy intercourse of well-bred men who met under the roof of another well-bred man to spend a few hours as agreeably as they could . The prince took his full share in the gaiety of the evening ; and I was surprised to find at once so remarkable a familiarity with the classics , whose sound was scarcely out of my college ears ; and with those habits of the humbler ranks , which could have so seldom come to his personal knowledge . To his exterior , nature had been singularly favourable . His figure , though full , still retained all the activity and grace of youth ; his features , though by no means regular , had a general look of manly beauty , and his smile was cordiality itself . I have often since heard him praised for supreme elegance ; but his manner was rather that of a man of great natural good-humour , who yet felt his own place in society , and of that degree of intelligence which qualified him to enjoy the wit and talents of others , without suffering a sense of inferiority . Among those at table were C —— and H ——, names well known in the circles of Devonshire House ; Sir P —— F ——, who struck me at first sight by his penetrating physiognomy , and who was even then suspected of being the author of that most brilliant of all libels , Junius ; W ——, then in the flower of life , and whose subtilty and whim might be seen in his fine forehead and volatile eyes ; some others , whose names I did not know , and among them one of low stature , but of singularly animated features . He was evidently a military man , and of the Sister Isle , a prime favourite with the prince and every body ; and I think a secretary in the prince 's household . He had just returned from Paris ; and as French news was then the universal topic , he took an ample share in the conversation . The name of La Fayette happening to be mentioned , as then carrying every thing before him in France — “ I doubt his talents , ” said the prince . “ I more doubt his sincerity , ” said W ——. “ I still more doubt whether this day three months he will have his head on his shoulders , ” said Sir P ——. “ None can doubt his present popularity , ” said the secretary . “ At all events , ” said his highness , “ I cannot doubt that he has wit , which in France was always something , and now , in the general crash of pedigree , is the only thing . Any man who could furnish the Parsans with a bon-mot a-day , would have a strong chance of succeeding to the throne in the probable vacancy . ” “ A case has just occurred in point , ” said the secretary . “ Last week La Fayette had a quarrel with a battalion of the National Guard on the subject of drill ; they considering the manual exercise as an infringement of the Rights of Man . The general being of the contrary opinion , a deputation of corporals , for any thing higher would have looked too aristocratic , waited on him at the quarters of his staff in the Place Vend ô me , to demand — his immediate resignation . On further enquiry , he ascertained that all the battalions , amounting to thirty thousand men , were precisely of the same sentiments . Next morning happened to have been appointed for a general review of the National Guard . La Fayette appeared on the ground as commandant at the head of his staff , and after a gallop along the line , suddenly alighted from his horse , and taking a musket on his shoulder , to the utter astonishment of every body walked direct into the centre of the line , and took post in the ranks . Of course all the field-officers flew up to learn the reason . ‘ Gentlemen , ’ said he , ‘ I am tired of receiving orders as commander-in-chief , and that I may give them , I have become a private , as you see . ’ The announcement was received with a shout of merriment ; and , as in France a pleasantry would privilege a man to set fire to a church , the general was cheered on all sides , was remounted and the citizen army , suspending the ‘ Rights of Man ’ for the day , proceeded to march and manoeuvre according to the drill framed by despots and kings . ” “ Well done , La Fayette , ” said the prince , “ I did not think that there was so much in him . To be sure , to have one 's neck in danger — for the next step to deposing would probably be to hang him — might sharpen a man 's wits a good deal . ” “ Yes , ” said Sir P ——, “ so many live by their wits in Paris , that even the marquis of the mob might have his chance ; but a bon-mot actually saved , within these few days , one even so obnoxious as a bishop from being sus . per coll . In the general system of purifying the church by hanging the priests , the rabble of the Palais Royal seized the Bishop of Autun , and were proceeding to treat him ‘ à la lanterne ’ as an aristocrat . It must be owned that the lamps in Paris , swinging by ropes across the streets , offer really a very striking suggestion for giving a final lesson in politics . It was night , and the lamp was trimmed . They were already letting it down for the bishop to be its successor ; when he observed , with the coolness of a spectator — ‘ Gentlemen , if I am to take the place of that lamp , it does not strike me that the street will be better lighted . ’ The whimsicality of the idea caught them at once ; a bishop for a reverb è re was a new idea ; they roared with laughter at the conception , and bid him go home for a ‘ bon enfant ! ’ ” “ I cannot equal the La Fayette story , ” said C ——, “ but I remember one not unlike it , when the Duke of Rutland was Irish viceroy . Charlemont was reviewing a brigade of his volunteers when he found a sudden stop in one of the movements , a troop of cavalry on a flank : choosing to exhibit a will of their own in an extraordinary way . If the brigade advanced , they halted ; if it halted , they advanced . The captain bawled in vain . Aide-de-camp after aide-de-camp was sent to enquire the cause ; they all came back roaring with laughter . At length Charlemont , rather irritated by the ridicule of the display , rode down the line and desired the captain to order them to move ; not a man stirred ; they were as immovable as a wall of brass . He then took the affair upon himself ; and angrily asked , ‘ if they meant to insult him . ’ ‘ Not a bit of it , my lord , ’ cried out all the Paddies together . ‘ But we are not on speaking terms with the captain . ’ ” “ How perfectly I can see Charlemont 's countenance at that capital answer : his fastidious look turning into a laugh , and the real dignity of the man forced to give way to his national sense of ridicule . Is there any hope of his coming over this season , C ——? ” asked the prince . “ Not much . He talks in his letters of England , as a man married to a termagant might talk of his first love — hopeless regrets , inevitable destiny , and so forth . He is bound to Ireland , and she treats him as Catharine treated Petruchio before marriage . But he has not the whip of Petruchio , nor perhaps the will , since the knot has been tied . He is only one of the many elegant and accomplished Irishmen who have done just the same — who find some strange spell in the confusions of a country full of calamities ; prefer clouds to sunshine , and complain of their choice all their lives . ” “ Yes , ” said W ——. “ It is like the attempt to put a coat and trousers on the American Indian . The hero flings them off on the first opportunity , takes to his plumes and painted skin , and prefers being tomahawked in a swamp to dying in a feather-bed like a gentleman ! ” “ Or , ” said the prince , “ as Goldsmith so charmingly expresses it of the Swiss — to whom , however , it is much less applicable than his own countrymen — ‘ For as the babe , whom rising storms molest , Clings but the closer to his mother 's breast , So the rude whirlwind and the tempest 's roar But bind him to his native mountains more . ’ ” My story next came upon the tapis ; and the sketch of my capture by the free-traders was listened to with polite interest . “ Very possibly I may have some irregular neighbours , ” was the prince 's remark . “ But , it must be confessed , that I am the intruder on their domain , not they on mine ; and , if I were plundered , perhaps I should have not much more right to complain , than a whale-catcher has of being swamped by a blow of the tail , or a man fond of law being forced to pay a bill of costs . ” “ On the contrary , ” said the secretary , “ I give them no slight credit for their forbearance ; for the sacking of this cottage would , probably , be an easier exploit than beating off a revenue cruiser , and the value of their prize would be worth many a successful run . I make it a point never to go to war with the multitude . I had a little lesson on the subject myself , within the week , in Paris ” — An attendant here brought in a letter for the prince , which stopped the narrative . The prince honoured the letter with a smile . “ It is from Devonshire House , ” said he — “ a very charming woman the Duchess ; just enough of the woman to reconcile us to the wit , and just enough of the wit to give poignancy to the woman . She laughingly says she is growing ‘ heartless , harmless , and old . ’ What a pity that so fine a creature should grow any of the three ! ” “ There is no great fear of that , ” observed Sir P ——, “ if it is to be left to her Grace 's own decision . There is no question in the world on which a fine woman is more deliberate in coming to a conclusion . ” “ Well , well , ” said the prince ; “ she , at least , is privileged . Diamonds never grow old . ” “ They may require a little resetting now and then , however , ” said I . “ Yes , perhaps ; but it is only once in a hundred years . If they sparkle during one generation , what can we ask more ? Her Grace tells me an excellent hit — the last flash of my old friend Selwyn . It happens that Lady —— ” — another fine woman was mentioned — “ has looked rather distantly upon her former associates since her husband was created a marquis . ‘ I enquired the other day , ’ says the duchess , ‘ for a particular friend of hers , the wife of an earl . ’ ‘ I have not seen her for a long time , ’ was the answer . Selwyn whispered at the moment , I dare say , long enough — she has not seen her since the creation . ’ ” “ If Selwyn , ” said Sir P ——, “ had not made such a trade of wit ; if he had not been such a palpable machine for grinding every thing into bons-mots ; if his distillation of the dross of common talk into the spirit of pleasantry were less tardy and less palpable ; I should have allowed him to be ” — “ What ? ” asked some one from the end of the table . “ Less a bore than he was , ” was the succinct answer . “ For my part , ” said the prince , “ I think that old George was amusing to the last . He had great observation of oddity , and , you will admit , that he had no slight opportunities ; for he was a member of , I believe , every club for five miles round St James 's . But he was slow . Wit should be like a pistol-shot ; a flash and a hit , and both best when they come closest together . Still , he was a fragment of an age gone by , and I prize him as I should a piece of pottery from Herculaneum ; its use past away , but its colours not extinguished , and , though altogether valueless at the time , curious as the beau reste of a pipkin of antiquity . ” “ Sheridan , ” observed C ——, “ amounts , in my idea , to a perfect wit , at once keen and polished ; nothing of either violence or virulence — nothing of the sabre or the saw ; his weapon is the stiletto , fine as a needle , yet it strikes home . ” “ Apropos , ” said the prince , “ does any one know whether there is to be a debate this evening ? He was to have dined here . What can have happened to him ? ” “ What always happens to him , ” said one of the party ; “ he has postponed it . Ask Sheridan for Monday at seven , and you will have him next week on Tuesday at eight . ‘ Procrastination is the thief of time , ’ to him more than , I suppose , any other man living . ” “ At all events , ” said H ——, “ it is the only thief that Sheridan has to fear . His present condition defies all the skill of larceny . He is completely in the position of Horace 's traveller — he might sing in a forest of felons . ” At this moment the sound of a post-chaise was heard rushing up the avenue , and Sheridan soon made his appearance . He was received by the prince with evident gladness , and by all the table with congratulations on his having arrived at all . He was abundant in apologies ; among the rest “ his carriage had broken down halfway — he had been compelled to spend the morning with Charles Fox — he had been subpoenaed on the trial of one of the Scottish conspirators — he had been summoned on a committee of a contested election . ” The prince smiled sceptically enough at this succession of causes to produce the single effect of being an hour behind-hand . “ The prince bows at every new excuse , ” said H —— at my side , “ as Boileau took off his hat at every plagiarism in his friend 's comedy — on the score of old acquaintance . If one word of all this is true , it may be the breaking down of his post-chaise , and even that he probably broke down for the sake of the excuse . Sheridan could not walk from the door to the dinner-table without a stratagem . ” I had now , for the first time , an opportunity of seeing this remarkable man . He was then in the prime of life , his fame , and of his powers . His countenance struck me at a glance , as the most characteristic that I had ever seen . Fancy may do much , but I thought that I could discover in his physiognomy every quality for which he was distinguished : the pleasantry of the man of the world , the keen observation of the great dramatist , and the vividness and daring of the first-rate orator . His features were fine , but their combination was so powerfully intellectual , that , at the moment when he turned his face to you , you felt that you were looking on a man of the highest order of faculties . None of the leading men of his day had a physiognomy so palpably mental . Burke 's spectacled eyes told but little ; Fox , with the grand outlines of a Greek sage , had no mobility of feature ; Pitt was evidently no favourite of whatever goddess presides over beauty at our birth . But Sheridan 's countenance was the actual mirror of one of the most glowing , versatile , and vivid minds in the world . His eyes alone would have given expression to a face of clay . I never saw in human head orbs so large , of so intense a black , and of such sparkling lustre . His manners , too , were then admirable ; easy without negligence , and respectful , as the guest at a royal table , without a shadow of servility . He also was wholly free from that affectation of epigram , which tempts a man who cannot help knowing that his good things are recorded . He laughed , and listened , and rambled through the common topics of the day , with all the evidence of one enjoying the moment , and glad to contribute to its enjoyment ; and yet , in all this ease , I could see that remoter thoughts , from time to time , passed through his mind . In the midst of our gaiety , the contraction of his deep and noble brows showed that he was wandering far away from the slight topics of the table ; and I could imagine what he might be , when struggling against the gigantic strength of Pitt , or thundering against Indian tyranny before the Peerage in Westminster Hall . I saw him long afterwards , when the promise of his day was overcast ; when the flashes of his genius were like guns of distress ; and his character , talents , and frame were alike sinking . But , ruined as he was , and humiliated by folly as much as by misfortune , I have never been able to regard Sheridan but as a fallen star — a star , too , of the first magnitude ; without a superior in the whole galaxy from which he fell , and with an original brilliancy perhaps more lustrous than them all . “ Well , Sheridan , what news have you brought with you ? ” asked the prince . The answer was a laugh . “ Nothing , but that Downing Street has turned into Parnassus . The astounding fact is , that Grenville has teemed , and , as the fruits of the long vacation , has produced a Latin epigram . ‘ Veris risit Amor roses caducas : Cui Ver — “ Vane puer , tuine flores , Quaeso , perpetuum manent in aevum ? ’ ” The prince laughed . “ He writes on the principle , of course , that in one 's dotage we are privileged to return to the triflings of our infancy , and that Downing Street cannot be better employed in these days than as a chapel of ease to Eton . ” “ Yet , even there , he is but a translator , ” said Sir P ——. “ ‘ The tenth transmitter of an idler 's line , ’ It is merely a rechauff é of the old Italian . ‘ Amor volea schernir la primavera Sulla breve durata e passegiera Dei vaghi fiori suoi . Ma la belle stagione a lui rispose Forse i piacere tuoi Vita piu lunga avran delle mie rose . ’ ” The prince , who , under Cyril Jackson , had acquired no trivial scholarship , now alluded to a singular poetic production , printed in 1618 , which seemed distinctly to announce the French Revolution . ‘ Festinat propere cursu jam temporis ordo , Quo locus , et Franci majestas prisca , senatus , Papa , sacerdotes , missae , simulacra , Deique Fictitii , atque omnis superos exosa potestas , Judicio Domini justo sublata peribunt . [ A ] Footnote A : The time is rushing on When France shall be undone ; And like a dream shall pass , Pope , monarch , priest , and mass ; And vengeance shall be just , And all her shrines be dust , And thunder dig the grave Of sovereign and of slave .] “ The production is certainly curious , ” remarked W ——; “ but poets always had something of the fortune-teller ; and it is striking , that in many of the modern Italian Latinists you will find more instances of strong declamation against Rome , and against France as its chief supporter , than perhaps in any other authorship of Europe . Audacity was the result of terror . All Italy reminds one of the papal palace at Avignon — the banqueting-rooms above , the dungeons of the Inquisition below ; popes and princes feasting within sound of the rack and the scourge . The Revolution is but the ripening of the disease ; the hydrophobia which has been lurking in the system for centuries . ” “ Why , then , ” said Sheridan , “ shall we all wonder at what all expected ? France may be running mad without waiting for the moon ; mad in broad day ; absolutely stripping off , not merely the royal livery , which she wore for the last five hundred years with so much the look of a well-bred footman ; but tearing away the last coverture of the national nakedness . Well ; in a week or two of this process , she will have got rid not only of church and king , but of laws , property , and personal freedom . But , I ask , what business have we to interfere ? If she is madder than the maddest of March hares , she is only the less dangerous ; she will probably dash out her brains against the first wall that she cannot spring over . ” “ But , at least , we know that mischief is already done among ourselves . Those French affairs are dividing our strength in the House , ” remarked C ——. “ What then ? ” quickly demanded Sheridan . “ What is it to me if others have the nightmare , while I feel my eyes open ? Burke , in his dreams , may dread the example of France ; but I as little dread it as I should a fire at the Pole . He thinks that Englishmen have such a passion for foreign importations , that if the pestilence were raging on the other side of the Channel , we should send for specimens . My proposition is , that the example of France is more likely to make slaves of us than republicans . ” “ Is it , ” asked W ——, “ to make us ‘ Fly from minor tyrants to the throne ? ’ ” “ I laugh at the whole , ” replied Sheridan , “ as a bugbear . I have no fear of France as either a schoolmaster , or a seducer , of England . France is lunatic , and who dreads a lunatic after his first paroxysm ? Exhaustion , disgust , decay , perhaps death , are the natural results . If there is any peril to us , it is only from our meddling . The lunatic never revenges himself but on his keeper . I should leave the patient to the native doctors , or to those best of all doctors for mad nations , suffering , shame , and time . Chain , taunt , or torment the lunatic , and he rewards you by knocking out your brains . ” “ Those are not exactly the opinions of our friend Charles , ” observed the prince with peculiar emphasis . “ No , ” was the reply . “ I think for myself . Some would take the madman by the hand , and treat him as if in possession of his senses . Burke would gather all the dignitaries of Church and State , and treat him as a demoniac ; attempt to exorcise the evil spirit , and if it continued intractable , solemnly excommunicate the possessed by bell , book , and candle . But , as I do not like throwing away my trouble , I should let him alone . ” “ The doctrine of confiscation is startling to all property , ” remarked the prince . “ I wish Charles would remember , that his strength lies in the aristocracy . ” “ No man knows it better , ” observed W ——. “ But I strongly doubt whether his consciousness of his own extraordinary talents is not at this moment tempting him to try a new source of hazard . The people , nay , the populace , are a new element to him , and to all . I can conceive a man of pre-eminent ability , as much delighted with difficulty as inferior men are delighted with ease . Fox has managed the aristocracy so long , and has bridled them with so much the hand of a master , that what he might have once considered as an achievement , he now regards as child 's play . If Alexander 's taming Bucephalus was a triumph for a noble boy , I scarcely think that , after passing the Granicus , he would have been proud of his fame as a horse-breaker . Fox sees , as all men see , that great changes , for either good or ill , are coming on the world . Next to that of a great king , perhaps the most tempting rank to ambition would be that of a great demagogue . ” The glitter of Sheridan 's eye , and the glow which passed across his cheek , as he looked at the speaker , showed how fully he agreed with the sentiment ; and I expected some bold burst of eloquence . But , with that sudden change of tone and temper which was among the most curious characteristics of the man , he laughingly said , “ At all events , whatever the Revolution may do to our neighbours , it will do a vast deal of good to ourselves . The clubs were growing so dull , that I began to think of withdrawing my name from them all . Their principal supporters were daily yawning themselves to death . The wiser part were flying into the country , where , at least , their yawning would not be visible ; and the rest remained enveloped in dry and dreary newspapers , like the herbs of a ‘ Hortus siccus . ’ White 's was an hospital of the deaf and dumb ; and Brookes 's strongly resembled Westminster Hall in the long vacation . It was in the midst of this general doze that the news from Paris came . I assure you the effects were miraculous — the universal spasm of lock-jaw was no more . Men no longer regarded each other with a despairing glance in St James 's Street , and passed on . All was sudden sociability . Even in the city people grew communicative , and puns were committed that would have struck their forefathers with amazement . As Burke said , in one of his sybilline speeches the other night : ‘ The tempest had come , at once bending down the summits of the forest and stirring up the depths of the pool . ’ One of the aldermen , on being told that the French were preparing to pass the Waal , said , that if the Dutch would take his advice , and if iron spikes were not enough , they should glass their wall . ” The newspapers now arrived , and France for a while engrossed the conversation . The famous Mirabeau had just made an oration with which all France was ringing . “ That man 's character , ” said the prince , after reading some vehement portions of his speech , “ perplexes me more and more . An aristocrat by birth , he is a democrat by passion ; but he has palpably come into the world too early , or too late , for power . Under Louis XIV ., he would have made a magnificent minister ; under his successor , a splendid courtier ; but under the present unfortunate king , he must be either the brawler or the buffoon , the incendiary , or the sport , of the people . Yet he is evidently a man of singular ability , and if he knows how to manage his popularity , he may yet do great things . ” “ I always , ” said Sheridan , “ am inclined to predict well of the man who takes advantage of his time . That is the true faculty for public life ; the true test of commanding capacity . There are thousands who have ability , for one who knows how to make use of it ; as we are told that there are monsters in the depths of the ocean which never come up to the light . But I prefer your leviathan , which , whether he slumbers in the calm or rushes through the storm , shows all his magnitude to the eye . ” “ And gets himself harpooned for his pains , ” observed W ——. “ Well , then , at least he dies the death of a hero , ” was the reply — “ tempesting the brine , and perhaps even sinking the harpooner . ” He uttered this sentiment with such sudden ardour , that all listened while he declaimed — “ I can imagine no worse fate for a man of true talent than to linger down into the grave ; to find the world disappearing from him while he remains in it ; his political vision growing indistinct , his political ear losing the voice of man , his passions growing stagnant , all his sensibilities palpably paralyzing , while the world is as loud , busy , and brilliant round him as ever — with but one sense remaining , the unhappy consciousness that , though not yet dead , he is buried ; a figure , if not of scorn , of pity , entombed under the compassionate gaze of mankind , and forgotten before he has mouldered . Who that could die in the vigour of his life , would wish to drag on existence like Somers , coming to the Council day after day without comprehending a word ? or Marlborough , babbling out his own imbecility ? If I am to die , let me die in hot blood , let me die like the lion biting the spear that has entered his heart , or springing upon the hunter who has struck him — not like the crushed snake , miserable and mutilated , hiding itself in its hole , and torpid before it is turned into clay ! ” “ Will Mirabeau redeem France ? ” asked the prince ; “ or will he overwhelm the throne ? ” “ I never heard of any one but Saint Christopher , ” said Sheridan , sportively , “ who could walk through the ocean , and yet keep his head above water . Mirabeau is out of soundings already . ” “ Burke , ” said F ——, “ predicts that he must perish ; that the Revolution will go on , increasing in terrors ; and that it would be as easy to stop a planet launched through space , as the progress of France to ruin . ” “ So be it , ” said Sheridan with sudden animation . “ There have been revolutions in every age of the world , but the world has outlived them all . Like tempests , they may wreck a royal fleet now and then , but they prevent the ocean from being a pond , and the air from being a pestilence . I am content if the world is the better for all this , though France may be the worse . I am a political optimist , in spite of Voltaire ; or , I agree with a better man and a greater poet — ‘ All 's well that ends well . ’ ” The prince looked grave ; and significantly asked , “ Whether too high a present price might not be paid for prospective good ? ” Sheridan turned off the question with a smile . “ The man who has as little to pay as I have , ” said he , “ seldom thinks of price one way or the other . Possibly , if I were his Grace of Bedford , or my Lord Fitzwilliam , I might begin to balance my rent-roll against my raptures . Or , if I were higher still , I might be only more prudent . But , ” said he , with a bow , “ if what was fit for Parmenio was not fit for Alexander , neither would what was fit for Alexander be fit for Parmenio . ” The prince soon after rose from table , and led the way into the library , where we spent some time in looking over an exquisite collection of drawings of Greece and Albania , a present from the French king to his royal highness . The windows were thrown open , and the fresh scents of the flower garden were delicious ; the night was calm , and the moon gleamed far over the quiet ocean . At this moment a soft sound of music arose at a distance . I looked in vain for the musicians — none were visible . The strain , incomparably managed , now approached , now receded , now seemed to ascend from the sea , now to stoop from the sky . All crowded to the casement — to me , a stranger and unexpecting , all was surprise and spell . I , almost unconsciously , repeated the fine lines in the Tempest :— “ Where should this music be ? I ’ the air , or the earth ? It sounds no more : and sure , it waits upon Some god of the island — This music crept by me upon the waters , Allaying both their fury and my passion With its sweet air — But ‘ tis gone ! No , it begins again . ” The prince returned my quotation with a gracious smile , and the words of the great poet , “ This is no mortal business , nor no sound This the earth owns . ” The private band , stationed in one of the thickets , had been the magicians . Supper was laid in this handsome apartment , not precisely “ The spare Sabine feast , A radish and an egg , ” but perfectly simple , and perfectly elegant . The service was Sevre , and I observed on it the arms of the Duke of Orleans , combined with those of the Prince . It had been a present from the most luxurious , and most unfortunate , man on earth . And thus closed my first day in the exclusive world . On the next evening , I had exchanged fresh breezes and bright skies for the sullen atmosphere and perpetual smoke of the great city ; stars for lamps , and the gentle murmurs of the tide , for the turbid rush and heavy roar of the million of London . During the day , I had been abandoned sufficiently to my own meditations . For though we did not leave Brighton till noon , Marianne remained steadily , and I feared angrily , invisible . Mordecai , during the journey , consulted nothing but his tablets , and was evidently plunged in some huge financial speculation ; and when he dropped me at a hotel in St James 's , and hurried towards his den in the depths of the city , like a bat to its cave , I felt as solitary as if I had dropped from the moon . But an English hotel is a cure for most of the sorrows of English life . The well-served table — the excellent sherry — a blazing fire , not at all unrequired in the first sharp evenings of our autumn — and the newspaper “ just come in , ” are capital “ medicines for the mind diseased . ” And like old Mar é chal Louvois , who recommended roast pigeons as a cure for grief — observing that , “ whenever he heard of the loss of any of his friends , he ordered a pair , and found himself always much comforted after eating them ” — I was beginning to sink into that easy oblivion of the rules of life , which , without actual sleep , has all the placid enjoyment of slumber ; when a voice pronounced my name , and I was startled and half suffocated by the embrace of a figure who rushed from an opposite box , and in a torrent of French poured out a torrent of raptures on my arriving in London . When I contrived at last to disengage myself , I saw Lafontaine ; but so hollow-cheeked and pale-visaged , that I could scarcely recognize my showy friend in the skeleton knight who stood gesticulating his ultra-happiness before me . At length he drew , with a trembling touch and a glistening eye , from his bosom a letter , which he placed in my hand with a squeeze of eternal friendship . “ Read , ” said he , “ read , and then wonder , if you can , at my misery and my gratitude . ” The letter was from Mariamne , and certainly a very pretty one — gay and tender at once ; gracefully alluding to some little fretfulness on her part , or his , I could scarcely tell which ; but assuring him that all this was at an end — that she foreswore the world henceforth , and was quite his own . All this was expressed with an elegance which I was not quite prepared to find in the fair one , and with a tone of sincerity for which I was still less prepared ; yet with the coquette in every line . I should have been glad to see him at any time , but now I received him as a resource from solitude , or rather from those restless thoughts which made solitude so painful to me . Another bottle , perhaps , made me more sensitive , and him more willing to communicate ; and before it was finished , he had opened his whole heart and emptied his letter-case , and I had consulted him on the improbabilities of my ever being able to succeed in the object which had so strangely , yet so totally , occupied all my feelings . It was clear , from her correspondence , that his pretty Jewess had played him much as the angler plays the trout which he has secured on his hook . She evidently enjoyed the display of her skill in tormenting : every second letter was almost a declaration of breaking off the correspondence altogether ; or , what was even worse , mingled with those menaces , there were from time to time allusions to my opinions , and quotations of my chance remarks , which , rather to my surprise , showed me that the proverb , “ Les absens ont toujours tort , ” was true in more senses than one , and that the Frenchman occasionally lost ground by being fifty miles off . Once or twice it seemed to me that the little “ betrothed ” was evidently thinking of the error of precipitate vows , and was beginning to change her mind . But her last letter was a complete extinguisher of all my vanity , if it had ever been awakened . It was a curious mingling of poignancy and penitence ; an acknowledgment of the pain which she felt in ever having given pain , and almost an entreaty that he would hasten his affairs in London , and return to Brighton , to “ guard her against herself , once and for ever . ” All this was quite as it should be ; but the envelope contained an enormous postscript , of which I happened to be the theme . It was evidently written in another mood of mind ; and except that passion is blind , and even refuses to see , when it might , I should probably have had another rencontre with the best swordsman in the Chevaux Legers . After speaking of me and my prospects in life , with an interest which reached at least to the full amount of friendship , the subject of my reveries came on the tapis . “ My father and Mr Marston are on the point of going to town , ” said the postscript ; “ the latter to dream of Mademoiselle De Tourville , without the smallest hope of ever obtaining her hand . But I scarcely know what to think of him and his feelings — if feelings they can be called — which change like the fashions of the day , and at the mercy of all the triflers of the day ; or like the butterfly fluttering round the garden , as if merely to show that it can flutter . This habit must make him for ever incapable of the generous devotedness of heart and truth of affection which I so much value in my ‘ friend . ’ ” But here Lafontaine interfered , obviously through fear of my plunging into some discovery of my own demerits , which had not struck him on his first perusal ; and I surrendered the letter , postscript and all , having first ascertained by a glance , that the former was dated at the very hour of the discovery of my unlucky stanzas to Clotilde , and the latter probably after the “ fair penitent ” had time to reflect on the matter , and let compassion make its way . Woman is a brilliant problem — but a problem after all . A sudden trampling of cavalry and loud rush of carriages prevented my attempting the solution — at least for that sitting . All the guests crowded to the door . “ His Majesty was going to Drury-Lane ! ” It was a performance “ by command . ” The never-failing pulse in the foreign heart was touched . Lafontaine crushed his correspondence into his bosom , sprang on his feet , wiped his eyes of all their sorrows , and proposed that we should see the display . I was rejoiced to escape a topic too delicate for my handling . A carriage was called , and by a double fee we contrived , through many a hazard , in the narrowest and most dangerous defiles of any Christian city , to reach the stately entrance , just as the troopers were brushing away the mob from the steps , and the trumpets were outringing the cries of the orangewomen . By another bribe we contrived to make our way into a box , whose doors were more unrelenting than brass or marble to the crowd in the lobby , less acquainted with the mode of getting through the English world ; and I had my first view of national loyalty , in the handsomest theatre which I have ever seen . How often it has been burnt down and built since , is beyond my calculation . It was then perfection . We had galloped to some purpose ; for we had distanced the monarch and his eight carriages . The royal party had not yet entered the house ; and I enjoyed , for a few minutes , one of the most striking displays that the opulence and animation of a great country can possibly produce — the coup-d'oeil of a well-dressed audience in a fine and spacious theatre . Multitudes spread over hill and dale may be picturesque ; the aspect of great public meetings may be startling , stern , or powerfully impressive ; the British House of Lords , on the opening of the session , exhibits a majestic spectacle ; but for a concentration of all the effects of art , beauty , and magnificence , I have yet seen nothing like one of the English theatres in their better days . To compare it in point of importance with any other great assemblage , would in general be idle . But at this time , even the assemblage before me , collected as it was for indulgence , had a character of remarkable interest . The times were anxious . The nation was avowedly on the eve of a struggle of which no human foresight could discover the termination . The presence of the king was the presence of the monarchy ; the presence of the assemblage was the presence of the nation . The house was only a levee on a large scale , and the crowd , composed as it was of the most distinguished individuals of the country — the ministers , the peerage , the heads of legislature — and the whole completed by an immense mass of the middle order , gave a strong and admirable representation of the power and feelings of the empire . At length the sound of the trumpets was heard , the door of the royal box was thrown open , and “ God save the King ” began . Noble as this noblest of national songs is , it had , at that period , a higher meaning . It is impossible to describe the spirit and ardour in which it was received ; nay , the almost sacred enthusiasm in which it was joined by all , and in which every sentiment was followed with boundless acclamation . It was more than an honourable and pleased welcome of a popular king . It was a national pledge to the throne — a proud declaration of public principle — a triumphant defiance of the enemy and the Earth to strike the stability of a British throne , or subdue the hearts of a British people . The king advanced to the front of the box , and bowed in return to the general plaudits . It was the first time that I had seen George the Third , and I was struck at once with the stateliness of his figure and the kindliness of his countenance . Combined , they perfectly realized all that I had conceived of a monarch , to whose steadiness of determination , and sincerity of good-will , the empire had been already indebted in periods of faction and foreign hostility ; and to whom it was to be indebted still more in coming periods of still wilder faction , and of hostility which brought the world in arms against his crown . As I glanced around for a moment , to see the effect on the house , which was then thundering with applause , I observed a slight confusion , like a personal quarrel , in the pit ; and in the next instant saw a hand raised above the crowd , and a pistol fired full in the direction of the royal box . The King started back a pace or two , and the general apprehension that he had been struck , produced a loud cry of horror . He evidently understood the public feeling , and instantly came forward , and by a bow , with his hand on his heart , at once assured them of his gratitude and his safety . This was acknowledged by a shout of universal congratulation ; and many a bright eye , and many a manly one , too , streamed with tears . In the midst of all , the Queen and the royal family rushed into the box , flung themselves round the king , and all was embracing , fainting , and terror . Cries for the seizure of the assassin now resounded on every side . He was grasped by a hundred hands , and torn out of the house . Then the universal voice demanded “ God save the King ” once more : the performers came forward and the national chant , now almost elevated to a hymn , was sung by the audience with a solemnity scarcely less than an act of devotion . All the powers of the stage never furnished a more touching , perhaps a more sublime scene , than the simple reality of the whole occurrence before my eyes . But at length the tumult sank ; the order of the theatre was resumed ; and the curtain rose , displaying a remarkably fine view of Roman architecture , a vista of temples and palaces , the opening scene of Coriolanus . The fame of the admirable actor who played the leading character was then at its height ; and John Kemble shared with his splendid sister the honour of being the twin leaders of the theatrical galaxy . I am not about to dwell on Shakspeare 's conception of the magnificent republican , nor on the scarcely less magnificent representative which it found in the actor of the night . But I speak to a generation which have never seen either Siddons or Kemble , and will probably never see their equals . I may be suffered , too , to indulge my own admiration of forms and faculties which once gave me a higher sense of the beauty and the powers of which our being is capable . Is this a dream ? or , if so , is it not a dream that tends to ennoble the spirit of man ? The dimness and dulness of the passing world require relief , and I look for it in the world of recollections . Kemble was , at that time , in the prime of his powers ; his features strongly resembling those of Siddons ; and his form the perfection of manly grace and heroic beauty . His voice was his failing part ; for it was hollow and interrupted ; yet its tone was naturally sweet , and it could , at times , swell to the highest storm of passion . In later days he seemed to take a strange pride in feebleness , and , in his voice and his person , affected old age . But when I saw him first , he was all force , one of the handsomest of human beings , and , beyond all comparison , the most accomplished classic actor that ever realized the form and feelings of the classic age . His manners in private life completed his public charm ; and , in seeing Kemble on the stage , we saw the grace and refinement acquired by the companionship of princes and nobles , the accomplished , the high-born , and the high-bred of the land . From the mingled tenderness and loftiness of Kemble 's playing , a new idea of Coriolanus struck me . I had hitherto imagined him simply a bold patrician , aristocratically contemptuous of the multitude , indignant at public ingratitude , and taking a ruthless revenge . But the performance of the great actor on this night opened another and a finer view to me . Till now , I had seen the hero , a Roman , merely a gallant chieftain of the most unromantic of all commonwealths , the land of inflexibility , remorseless daring , and fierce devotement to public duty . But , by throwing the softer feelings of the character into light , Kemble made him less a Roman than a Greek — a loftier and purer Alcibiades , or a republican Alexander , or , most and truest of all , a Roman Achilles — the same dazzling valour , the same sudden affections , the same deep conviction of wrong , and the same generous , but unyielding , sense of superiority . Say what we will of the subordination of the actor to the author , the great actor shares his laurels . He , too , is a creator . But while I followed , with eye and mind , the movements of the stage , Lafontaine was otherwise employed . His opera-glass was roving the boxes ; and he continually poured into my most ungrateful ear remarks on the diplomatic body , and recognitions of the merveilleux glittering round the circle . At last , growing petulant at being thus disturbed , I turned to beg of him to be silent , when he simply said — “ La Voil à! ” and pointed to a group which had just taken their seats in one of the private boxes . From that moment I saw no more of the tragedy . The party consisted of Clotilde , Madame la Mar é chal , and a stern but stately-looking man , in a rich uniform , who paid them the most marked attention . “ There is the Marquis , ” said my companion ; “ he has never smiled probably , since he was born , or , I suppose , he would smile to-night ; for the secretary to the embassy told me , not half an hour ago , that his marriage-contract had just come over , with the king 's signature . ” My heart sank within me at the sound . Still my gay informant went on , without much concerning himself about feelings which I felt alternately flushing and chilling me . “ The match will be a capital one , if matters hold out for us . For Montrecour is one of the largest proprietors in France ; but , as he is rather of the new noblesse , the blood of the De Tourvilles will be of considerable service to his pedigree . His new uniform shows me that he has got the colonelcy of my regiment , and , of course , I must attend his levee tomorrow . Will you come ? ” My look was a sufficient answer . “ Ah ! ” said he , “ you will not . Ah ! there is exactly the national difference . Marriage opens the world to a French belle , as much as it shuts the world to an English one . Mademoiselle is certainly very handsome , ” said he , pausing , and fixing his opera-glass on her . “ The contour of her countenance is positively fine ; it reminds me of a picture of Clairon in Medea , in the King 's private apartments — her smile charming , her eyes brilliant , and her diamonds perfect . ” I listened , without daring to lift my eyes ; he rambled on — “ Fortunate fellow , the Marquis — fortunate in every thing but that intolerable physiognomy of his — Grand Ecuyer , Gold Key , Cross of Saint Louis , and on the point of being the husband of the finest woman between Calais and Constantinople . Of course , you intend to leave your card on the marriage ? ” “ No , ” was my answer . I suppose that there was something in the sound which struck him . He stared with palpable wonder . “ What ! are you not an old acquaintance ? Have you not known her this month ? Have you not walked , and talked , and waltzed , with her ? ” “ Never spoke a word to her in my life . ” “ Well , then , you shall not be left in such a forlorn condition long . I must pay my respects to my colonel . I dare say you may do the same to the fianc é e . Mademoiselle will be charmed to have some interruption to his dreary attentions . ” I again refused , but the gay Frenchman was not to be repulsed . He made a prodigious bow to the box , which was acknowledged by both the ladies . “ There , ” said he , “ the affair is settled . You cannot possibly hesitate now ; that bow is a summons to their box . I can tell you also that you are highly honoured ; for , if it had been in Paris , you could not have got a sight of the bride except under the surveillance of a pair of chaperons as grey and watchful as cats , or a couple of provincial uncles as stiff as their own forefathers armed cap-a-pie . ” I could resist no longer ; but with sensations perhaps not unlike those of one ascending the scaffold , I mounted the stairs . As the door opened , and Lafontaine , tripping forward , announced my name , Clotilde 's cheek suffused with a burning blush , which in the next instant passed away , and left her pale as marble . The few words of introduction over , she sank into total silence ; and though she made an effort , from time to time , to smile at Lafontaine 's frivolities , it was but a feeble one , and she sat , with pallid lips and a hectic spot on her statue-like cheek , gazing on the carpet . I attempted to take some share in the conversation ; but all my powers of speech were gone , my tongue refused to utter , and I remained the most complete and unfortunate contrast to my lively friend , who was now engaged in detailing the attempt on the royal life to Madame la Mar é chal , whose later arrival had prevented their witnessing it in person . My nearer view of the Marquis did not improve the sketch which Lafontaine had given of his commanding-officer . He was a tall , stiff , but soldierly-looking person , with an expression , which , as we are disposed to approve or the reverse , might be called strong sense or sullen temper . But he had some reputation in the service as a bold , if not an able officer . He had saved the French troops in America by his daring , from the effects of some blunders committed by the giddiness of their commander-in-chief ; and as his loyalty was not merely known but violent , and his hatred of the new faction in France not merely determined but furious , he was regarded as one of the pillars of the royal cause . The Marquis was evidently in ill-humour , whether with our introduction or with his bride ; yet it was too early for a matrimonial quarrel , and too late for a lover 's one . Clotilde was evidently unhappy , and after a few common-places we took our leave ; the Marquis himself condescending to start from his seat , and shut the door upon our parting bow . The stage had now lost all interest for me , and I prevailed on Lafontaine , much against his will , to leave the house . The lobby was crowded , the rush was tremendous , and after struggling our way , with some hazard of our limbs , we reached the door only just in time to see Montrecour escorting the ladies to their carriage . All was over for the night ; and my companion , who now began to think that he had tormented me too far , was drawing me slowly , and almost unconsciously , through the multitude , when a flourish of trumpets and drums announced that their Majesties were leaving the theatre . The life guards rode up ; and the rushing of the crowd , the crash of the carriages , the prancing and restiveness of the startled horses , and the quarrelling of the coachmen and the Bow Street officers , produced a scene of uproar . My first thought was the hazard of Clotilde , and I hastened to the spot where I had seen her last , but she was gone . “ All 's safe , you see , ” said Lafontaine , trying to compose his ruffled costume ; “ your John Bulls are dangerous , in their loyalty , to coats and carriages . ” I agreed with him , and we sprang into one of the wretched vehicles that held its ground , with English tenacity , in the midst of a war of coronets . But our adventures were not to close so simply . Our driver had not remained in the rain for hours , without applying to the national remedy against all inclemencies of weather . He had no sooner mounted the box than I found that we were running a race with every carriage which we approached , sometimes tilting against them , and sometimes narrowly escaping from being overturned . At last we met with an antagonist worthy of our prowess . All my efforts to stop our charioteer had been useless , for he was evidently beyond any kind of appeal but that of flinging him from his seat ; and Lafontaine , with the genuine fondness of a Gaul for excitement of all kinds , seemed wonderfully amused as we swept along . But our new rival was evidently in the same condition with our own Jehu , and after a smart horsewhipping of each other , they rushed forward at full speed . A sudden scream from within the other carriage showed the terror of its inmates , as it dashed along ; an old woman in full dress , however , was all that I could discover ; for we were fairly distanced in the race , though it was still kept up , with all the perseverance of a fool thoroughly intoxicated . In a few minutes more we heard a tremendous collision in front , and saw by the blaze of half a hundred flambeaux brandished in all directions , our rival a complete wreck , plunged into the midst of a crowd of equipages , waiting for their lordly owners in front of Devonshire house . It had been one of the weekly balls given by the Duchess , and the fallen vehicle had damaged panels covered with heraldry as old as the Plantagenets . Arriving with almost equal rapidity , but with better fortune , I had but just time to spring into the street , at the instant when the old lady , writhing herself out of the window , which was now uppermost , was about to trust her portly person to chance . I caught her as she clung to the carriage with her many-braceleted arms , and was almost strangled by the vigour of her involuntary embrace as she rolled down upon me . There was nothing in the world less romantic than my position in the midst of a circle of sneering footmen ; and , as if to put romance for ever out of the question , I was relieved from my plumed and mantled encumbrance only by the assistance of Townshend , then the prince of Bow Street officers ; who , knowing every thing and every body , informed me that the lady was a person of prodigious rank , and that he should ‘ feel it his duty , ’ before he parted with me , to ascertain whether her ladyship 's purse had not suffered defalcation by my volunteering . I was indignant , as might be supposed ; and my indignation was not at all decreased by the coming up of half a dozen Bow Street officers , every one of whom either “ believed , ” or “ suspected , ” or “ knew , ” me to be “ an old offender . ” But I was relieved from the laughter of the liveried mob round me , and probably from figuring in the police histories of the morning , by the extreme terrors of the lady for the fate of her daughter . The carriage had by this time been raised up , but its other inmate was not to be found . She now produced the purse , which had been so impudently the cause of impeaching my honour ; “ and offered its contents to all who should bring any tidings of her daughter , her lost child , her Clotilde ! ” The name thrilled on my ear . I flew off to renew the search , followed by the crowd — was unsuccessful , and returned , only to see my prot é g é in strong hysterics . My situation now became embarrassing ; when a way was made through the crowd by a highly-powdered personage , the chamberlain of the mansion , who announced himself as sent by “ her Grace , ” to say that the Countess de Tourville was safe , having been taken into the house ; and , further , conveying “ her Grace 's compliments to Madame la Mar é chal de Tourville , to entreat that she would do her the honour to join her daughter . ” This message , delivered with all the pomp of a “ gentleman of the bedchamber , ” produced its immediate effect upon the circle of cocked hats and worsted epaulettes . They grew grave at once ; and guided by Townshend , who moved on , hat in hand , and bowing with the obsequiousness of one escorting a prince of the blood , we reached the door of the mansion . But here a new difficulty arose . The duchess was known to La Mar é chal , for to whom in misfortune was not that most generous and kind-hearted duchess known ? But I was still a stranger . However , with my old Frenchwoman , ceremony was not then the prevailing point . I had been her “ preserver , ” as she was pleased to term me . I had been “ introduced , ” which was quite sufficient for knowledge ; above all other merits , “ I spoke French like a Parisian ; ” in short , it was wholly impossible for her to ascend the crowded staircase , with her numberless dislocations , by the help of any other arm on earth . The slightest hope of seeing Clotilde would have made me confront all the etiquette of Spain ; and I bore the contrast of my undress costume with the feathered and silken multitude which filled the stairs , in the spirit of a philosopher , until , by “ many a step and slow , ” we reached the private wing of the mansion . There , in an apartment fitted up with all the luxury of a boudoir , yet looking melancholy from the dim lights and the silent attendants , lay Clotilde on a sofa . But how changed from the being whom I had just seen at the theatre ! She had been in imminent danger , and was literally dragged from under the horses ’ feet . A slight wound in her temple was still bleeding , and her livid lips and half-closed eyes gave me the image of death . As for Madame , she was in distraction ; the volubility of her sorrows made the well-trained domestics shrink , as from a display at which they ought not to be present ; and at length the only recipients of her woes were myself and the physician , who , with ominous visage , and drops in hand , was administering his aid to the passive patient . As Madame 's despair rendered her wholly useless , the doctor called on me to assist him in raising her from the floor , on which she had flung herself like a heroine in a tragedy . While I was engaged in this most reluctant performance , the accents of a sweet voice , and the rustling of silk , made me raise my eyes , and a vision floated across the apartment ; it was the duchess herself , glittering in gold and jewels , turbaned and embroidered , as a Semiramis or a queen of Sheba ; she was brilliant enough for either . She had just left the fancy ball behind , and was come “ to make her personal enquiries for the health of her young friend . ” My office was rather startling , even to the habitual presence of mind of the leader of fashion . I might have figured in her eyes , as the husband , or the lover , or the doctor 's apprentice ; she almost uttered a scream . But the sound , slight as it was , recalled the Mar é chal to her senses . The explanation was given with promptitude , and received with politeness . My family , in all its branches , came into her Grace 's quick recollection ; and I was thus indebted to my adventure , not only for an introduction to one of the most elegant women of her time — to the goddess of fashion in her temple , the Circe of high life , at the “ witching hour , ” but of being most “ graciously ” received ; and even hearing a panegyric on my chivalry , from the Mar é chal , smilingly echoed by lips which seemed made only for smiles . A summons from the ball-room soon withdrew the captivating mistress of the mansion , who retired with the step and glance of the very queen of courtesy ; and I was about to take my leave , when a ceremonial of still higher interest awaited me . Clotilde , feebly rising from her sofa , and sustaining herself on the neck of her kneeling mother , murmured her thanks to me “ for the preservation of her dear parent . ” The sound of her voice , feeble as it was , fell on my ear like music . I advanced towards her . The Mar é chal stood with her handkerchief to her eyes , and venting her sensibilities in sobs . The fairer object before me shed no tears , but , with her eyes half-closed , and looking the marble model of paleness and beauty , she held out her hand . She was , perhaps , unconscious of offering more than a simple testimony of her gratitude for the services which her mother had described with such needless eloquence . But in that delicious , yet unaccountable feeling — that superstition of the heart , which makes every thing eventful — even that simple pressure of her hand created a long and living future in my mind . Yet let me do myself justice ; whether wise or weak in the presence of the only being who had ever mastered my mind , I was determined not “ to point a moral and adorn a tale . ” I had other duties and other purposes before me than to degenerate into a slave of sighs . I was to be no Romeo , bathing my soul in the luxuries of Italian palace-chambers , moonlight speeches , and the song of nightingales . I felt that I was an Englishman , and had the rugged steep of fortune to climb , and climb alone . The time , too , in which I was to begin my struggle for distinction , aroused me to shake off the spirit of dreams which threatened to steal over my nature . The spot in which I lived was the metropolis of mankind . I was in the centre of the machinery which moved the living world . The wheels of the globe were rushing , rolling , and resounding in my ears . Every interest , necessity , stimulant , and passion of mankind , came in an incessant current to London , as to the universal heart , and flowed back , refreshed and invigorated , to the extremities of civilization . I saw the hourly operations of that mighty furnace in which the fortunes of all nations were mingled , and poured forth remolded . And London itself was never more alive . Every journal which I took up was filled with the signs of this extraordinary energy ; the projects and meetings , the harangues and political experiments , of bold men , some rising from the mire into notoriety , if not into fame ; some plunging from the highest rank of public life into the mire , in the hope of rising , if with darkened , yet a freshened wing . The debates in parliament , never more vivid than at this crisis , with the two great parties in full force , and throwing out flashes in every movement , like the collision of two vast thunder clouds , were a perpetual summons to action in every breast which felt itself above the dust it trod . But the French journals were the true excitements to political ardour . They were more than lamps , guiding mankind along the dusky paths of public regeneration — they were torches , dazzling the multitude who attempted to profit by their light ; and , while they threw a glare round the head of the march , blinding all who followed . To one born , like myself , in the most aristocratic system of society on earth , yet excluded from its advantages by the mere chance of birth , it was new , and undoubtedly not displeasing , to see the pride of nobility tamed by the new rush of talent and ambition which had started up from obscurity in France ; village attorneys and physicians , clerks in offices , journalists , men from the plough and the pen , supplying the places of the noblesse of Clovis and Capet , possessing themselves of the highest power while their predecessors were flying through Europe ; conducting negotiations , commanding armies , ruling assemblies , holding the helm of government in the storm which had scattered the great names of France upon the waters . I anticipated all the triumph of the “ younger sons . ” Even the brief interval of my Brighton visit had curiously changed the aspect of the metropolis . The emigration was in full force , and every spot was crowded with foreign visages . Sallow cheeks and starting eyes , scowling brows and fierce mustaches , were the order of the day ; the monks and the military had run off together . The English language was almost overwhelmed by the perpetual jargon of all the loud-tongued provincialities of France . But the most singular portion was the ecclesiastical . The streets and parks were filled with the unlucky sheep of the Gallican church , scattered before the teeth and howl of the republican wolf ; and England saw , for the first time , the secrets of the monastery poured out before the light of day . The appearance of some among this sable multitude , though venerable and dignified , could not prevent the infinite grotesque of the others from having its effect on the spectator . The monks and priesthood of France amounted to little less than a hundred and fifty thousand . All were now thrown up from the darkness of centuries before a wondering world . I had Milton 's vision of Limbo before my eyes . “ Embryos and idiots , eremites and friars , A violent cross wind from either coast Blew them transverse . Then might ye see Cowls , hoods , and habits , with their wearers , tost , And flutter 'd into rags ; their reliques , beads , Indulgences , dispenses , pardons , bulls , The sport of winds . ” The mire was fully stirred up in which the hierarchy had enjoyed its sleep and sunshine for a thousand years . The weeds and worms had been fairly scraped off , which for a thousand years had grown upon the keel of the national vessel , and of which the true wonder was , that the vessel had been able to make sail with them clinging to her so long . In fact , I was thus present at one of the most remarkable phenomena of the whole Revolution . The flight of a noblesse was nothing to this change . The glittering peerage of France , created by a court , and living in perpetual connexion with the court , as naturally followed its fate as a lapdog follows the fortunes of its mistress ; but here was a digging up of the moles , an extermination of the bats , a general extrusion of the subversive principle , to a race of existence which , whether above or below ground , seemed almost to form a part of the soil . Monkery was broken up , like a ship dashed against the shores of the bay of Biscay . The ship was not only wrecked , but all its fragments continued to be tossed on the ceaseless surge . The Gallican church was flung loose over Europe , at a time when all Europe itself was in commotion . I own , to the discredit of my political foresight , that I thought its forms and follies extinguished for ever . The snake was more tenacious of life than I had dreamed . But if I erred , I did not err alone . Mordecai , whom I found immersed deeper and deeper in continental politics , and who scarcely denied his being the accredited agent of the emigrant princes , gave his opinion of this strange portion of French society with much more promptitude than he probably would of the probable fall or rise of stocks . “ Of all the gamblers at the great gambling-table of France , ” said he , “ the clergy have played their game the worst . By leaving their defence to the throne , they have only dragged down the throne . By relying on the good sense of the National Assembly , they have left themselves without a syllable to say . Like men pleading by counsel , they have been at the mercy of their counsel , and been ruined at once by their weakness and their treachery . ” On my observing to him that the church of France was necessarily feebler than either the throne or the nobles , and that , therefore , its natural course was to depend on both — “ Rely upon it , ” said the keen Jew “ that any one great institution of the state which suffers itself , in the day of danger , to depend on any other for existence , will be ruined . When all are pressed , each will be glad to get rid of the pressure , by sacrificing the most dependent . The church should have stood on its own defence . The Gallican hierarchy was , beyond all question , the most powerful in Europe . Rome and her cardinals were tinsel and toys to the solid strength of the great provincial clergy of France . They had numbers , wealth , and station . Those things could give influence among a population of Hottentots . Let other hierarchies take example . They threw them all away , at the first move of a bloody handkerchief on the top of a Parisian pike . They had vast power with the throne ; but what had once been energy they turned into encumbrance , and if the throne is pulled down , it will be by their weight . They had a third of the land in actual possession , and they allowed themselves to be stripped of it by a midnight vote of a drunken assembly . If they were caricatured in Paris , they had three-fourths of the population as fast bound to them as bigotry and their daily bread could bind . Three months ago , they might have marched to Paris with their crucifixes in front , and three millions of stout peasantry in their rear , have captured the capital , and fricaseed the foolish legislature . And now , they have archbishops learning to live on a shilling a-day . ” From the Horse guards I had yet obtained nothing , but promises of “ being remembered on the first vacancy ; ” Clotilde was still a sufferer , and my time , like that of every man without an object , began to be a deplorable encumbrance . In short , my vision of high life and its happiness was fairly vanishing hour by hour . I occasionally met Lafontaine ; but , congenial as our tempers might be , our natures had all the national difference , and I sometimes envied , and as often disdained , his buoyancy . Even he , too , had his fluctuations ; and a letter from Mariamne , a little more or less petulant , raised and sank him like the spirits in a thermometer . But one day he rushed into my apartment with a look of that despair which only foreigners can assume , and which actually gave me the idea that he was about to commit suicide . Flinging himself into a chair , and plunging his hand deep into his bosom , from which I almost expected to see him draw the fatal weapon , he extracted a paper , and held it forth to me . “ Read ! ” he exclaimed , with the most pathetic tones of Talma in tragedy — “ read my ruin ! ” I read , and found that it was a letter from his domineering little Jewess , commanding him to throw up his commission on the spot , and especially not to go to France , on penalty of her eternal displeasure . My looks asked an explanation . “ There ! ” cried the hero of the romance , “ there !— see the caprice , the cruelty , the intolerable tyranny of that most uncertain , intractable , and imperious of all human beings ! ” I had neither consolation nor contradiction to offer . He then let me into his own secret , with an occasional episode of the secrets of others — the substance of the whole being , that a counter revolution was preparing in France ; that , after conducting the correspondence in London for some time , he had been ordered to carry a despatch , of the highest importance , to the secret agency in Paris ; and that the question was now between love and honour — Mariamne having , by some unlucky hint dropped from her father , received intimation of the design , and putting her veto on his bearing any part in it in the most peremptory manner . What was to be done ? The unfortunate youth was fairly on the horns of the dilemma , and he obviously saw no ray of extrication but the usual Parisian expedient of the pistol . While he alternately raved and wept , the thought struck me — “ Why might I not go in his place ? ” I was growing weary of the world , however little I knew of it . I had no Mariamne either to prohibit or to weep for me . The only being for whom I wished to live was lost to me already . I offered myself as the carrier of the despatch without delay . I never saw ecstasy so visible in a human being ; his eloquence exhausted the whole vocabulary of national rapture . “ I was his friend , his brother , his preserver . I was the best , the ablest , the noblest of men . ” But when I attempted to escape from this overflow of gratitude , by observing on the very simple nature of the service , his recollection returned , and he generously endeavoured , with equal zeal , to dissuade me from an enterprise of which the perils were certainly neither few nor trifling . He was now in despair at my obstinacy . The emigration of the French princes had not merely weakened their cause in France , but had sharpened the malice of their enemies . Their agents had been arrested in all quarters , and any man who ventured to carry on a correspondence with them , was now alike in danger of assassination and of the law . After debating the matter long , without producing conviction on either side , it was at length agreed to refer the question to Mordecai , whom Lafontaine now formally acknowledged to be master of the secret on both sides of the Channel . A VISION OF THE WORLD . BY DELTA . A blossom on a laurel tree — a cloudlet on the sky Borne by the breeze — a panorama shifting on the eye ; A zig-zag lightning-flash amid the elemental strife — Yea ! each and all are emblems of man 's transitory life ! Brightness dawns on us at our birth — the dear small world of home , A tiny paradise from which our wishes never roam , Till boyhood 's widening circle brings its myriad hopes and fears , The guileless faith that never doubts — the friendship that endears . Each house and tree — each form and face , upon the ready mind Their impress leave ; and , in old age , that impress fresh we find , Even though long intermediate years , by joy and sorrow sway 'd , Should there no mirror find , and in oblivion have decay 'd . How fearful first the shock of death ! to think that even one Whose step we knew , whose voice we heard , should see no more the sun ; That though a thousand years were ours , that form should never more Revisit , with its welcome smiles , earth 's once-deserted shore ! Look round the dwellings of the street — and tell , where now are they Whose tongues made glad each separate hearth , in childhood 's early day ; Now strangers , or another generation , there abide , And the churchyard owns their lowly graves , green-mouldering side by side ! Spring ! Summer ! Autumn ! Winter ! then how vividly each came ! The moonlight pure , the starlight soft , and the noontide sheath 'd in flame ; The dewy morning with her birds , and evening 's gorgeous dyes , As if the mantles of the blest were floating through the skies . I laid me down , but not in sleep — and Memory flew away To mingle with the sounds and scenes the world had shown by day ; Now listening to the lark , she stray 'd across the flowery hill , Where trickles down from bowering groves the brook that turns the mill ; And now she roam 'd the city lanes , where human tongues are loud , And mix the lofty and the low amid the motley crowd , Where subtle-eyed philosophy oft heaves a sigh , to scan The aspiring grasp , and paltry insignificance of man ! ‘ Mid floods of light in festal halls , with jewels rare bedight , To music 's soft and syren sounds , paced damosel with knight ; It seem 'd as if the fiend of grief from earthly bounds was driven , For there were smiles on every cheek that spake of nought but heaven ; But , from that gilded scene , I traced the revellers one by one , With sad and sunken features each , unto their chambers lone ; And of that gay and smiling crowd whose bosoms leapt to joy , How many might there be , I ween 'd , whom care did not annoy ? Some folded up their wearied eyes to dark unhallow 'd dreams — The soldier to his scenes of blood , the merchant to his schemes : Pride , jealousy , and slighted love , robb 'd woman of her rest ; Revenge , deceit , and selfishness , sway 'd man 's unquiet breast . Some , turning to the days of youth , sigh 'd o'er the sinless time Ere passion led the heart astray to folly , care , and crime ; And of that dizzy multitude , from found or fancied woes , Was scarcely one whose slumbers fell like dew upon the rose ! Then turn 'd I to the lowly hearth , where scarcely labour brought The simplest and the coarsest meal that craving nature sought ; Above , outspread a slender roof , to shield them from the rain , And their carpet was the verdure with which nature clothes the plain ; Yet there the grateful housewife sat , her infant on her knee , Its small palms clasp 'd within her own , as if likewise pray 'd he ; For ere their fingers brake the bread , from toil incessant riven , Son , sire , and matron bow 'd their heads , and pour 'd their thanks to Heaven . What , then , I thought , is human life , if all that thus we see Of pageantry and of parade devoid of pleasure be ! If only in the conscious heart true happiness abide , How oft , alas ! has wretchedness but grandeur 's cloak to hide ? And when upon the outward cheek a transient smile appears , We little reck how lately hath its bloom been damp 'd by tears , And how the voice , whose thrillings from a light heart seem 'd to rise , Throughout each sleepless watch of night gave utterance but to sighs . This was the moral , calm and deep , which to my musing thought , From all the varying views of man and life , reflection brought — That most things are not what they seem , and that the outward shows Of grade and rank are only masks that hide our joys and woes ; That with the soul , the soul alone , resides the awful power , To light with sunshine or o'ergloom the solitary hour ; And that the human heart is but a riddle to be read , When all the darkness round it now in other worlds hath fled . Why , then , should sorrow cloud the brow , should misery crush the heart , Since all life 's varied changes “ come like shadows , so depart ? ” There is one sun , there is one shower , to evil and to just , And health , and strength , and length of days , and to all the common dust : But as the snake throws off its skin , the soul throws off its clay , And soars , till purpled are its wings with everlasting day ; God , having winnow 'd with his flail the chaff from out the wheat , When those , who seem 'd alike when here , approach 'd his judgment-seat . THE BANKRUPTCY OF THE GREEK KINGDOM . Come let us drink their memory , Those glorious Greeks of old — On shore and sea the Famed , the Free , The Beautiful — the Bold ! The mind or mirth that lights each page , Or bowl by which we sit Is sunfire pilfer 'd from their age — Gems splinter 'd from their wit . Then , drink and swear by Greece , that there Though Rhenish Huns may hive In Britain we the liberty She loved will keep alive . Philhellenic Drinking Song . By B. Simmons . In our July No . CCCXXXIII . Sir Robert Peel , Monsieur Guizot , and Count Nesselrode , Great Britain , France , and All the Russias , have announced to the world that the kingdom of Greece is bankrupt . The Morning Chronicle , at a time when it was regarded as a semi-official authority on foreign affairs , declared and certified that the king of Greece was an idiot . Verily ! the battle of Navarino has proved a most “ untoward event . ” In these degenerate days , a revolution is by no means so serious a matter as a bankruptcy , and kings require rather more than the ordinary proportion of wit to keep their feet steady in their slippery elevation . Greece is therefore clearly in a most lamentable condition , and the British public who adopted her , and fed her for a while on every luxury , now cares very little about her misfortunes . Sir Francis Burdett , Sir John Hobhouse , and the Right Honourable Edward Ellice , who once acted as her trustees , and Joseph Hume — the immaculate and invulnerable Joseph himself , who once stood forward as her champion — have forgotten her existence . There can be no permanent sympathy where truth is wanting , but the public does not attend to the correct translation of Graecia mendax ; it ought to convey the fact , that foreigners tell more lies about Greece than the natives themselves . Old Juvenal calls the Greeks a mendacious set of fabulists , for recording that Xerxes made a canal through the isthmus to the north of Mount Athos . Colonel Leake declares that the traces of the canal are visible to all men at this day , who ride across that desert plain . The moral we wish to inculcate is , that modern politicians should learn , from the error of the old Roman satirist , to look before they leap . We shall now endeavour to supply our readers with an impartial account of the present condition of the Greeks , without meddling with politics or political speculation . Our opinion is , that the country ought not to be put in the Gazette ,— nor ought the king to be sent to the hospital . Greece is not quite bankrupt , and King Otho is not quite an idiot . Funds are scarce every where with borrowers in this unlucky year 1843 , and wit scarcer still with most men . Our readers are aware , that Great Britain , France , and Russia , having constituted themselves into an alliance for protecting Greece , concocted together a long series of protocols , and selected Prince Otho of Bavaria to be King of Greece . [ A ] The prince was then a promising youth of seventeen years of age , destined by his royal father to be a priest , and — his holiness the Pope willing — in due time a cardinal . At the time of King Otho 's election , a national assembly was sitting in Greece , and a military revolution was raging in the country , in consequence of the assassination of Capo d'Istria . The recognition of King Otho was obtained from this national assembly by the ministers of the three protecting powers , amidst scenes of promising , threatening , and stabbing , which will long form a deep stain on the Greek revolution , and on European diplomacy . Mr Parish , who was subsequently secretary of the British Legation in Greece , has described the drama , and the share which the ministers of the allied powers took in arranging its acts . Footnote A : Three large volumes of papers relative to the affairs of Greece have been laid before Parliament in 1830 , 1832 , 1833 , and 1836 . Three large volumes of papers relative to the affairs of Greece have been laid before Parliament in 1830 , 1832 , 1833 , and 1836 . It was well known that King Otho and his regency could not arrive for several months ; and it appeared to be the duty of the protecting powers , who had selected a sovereign for Greece , to maintain tranquillity in the country until the arrival of the new government . The representatives of the allied powers shrank from this responsibility . The national assembly seemed determined to vote two addresses — one congratulating King Otho on his selection to the throne , assuring him of the submission of the nation , but stating to him the laws and usages of Greece , and informing him that his new dignity imposed on him the duty of rendering justice to all men according to the laws and institutions of Greece . This address might have failed to interest the foreign ministers , but it became known that another was to follow — thanking the protecting powers for the selection they had made of a monarch , but calling upon them to maintain order in the country until the arrival of the young king , or of a legally appointed regency . The representatives of the European powers knew that Greece was in a state of anarchy , and that the irregular troops scattered over the country , were destroying the resources of the new monarchy ; yet to escape the responsibility of advising their courts to act , they thought fit to persuade a few of the political leaders of different parties to unite in silencing the observations of the representatives of the Greek nation , and looked on while a military insurrection compelled the assembly to adopt a decree in the following words — “ The representatives of the Greek nation recognise and confirm the selection of H. R. H . Prince Otho of Bavaria as King of Greece . “ The present decree shall be inserted in the acts of the assembly , and published by the press . ” The military rabble outside then rushed in and dispersed the representatives of the Greek nation . No rhetorical Greek ever prepared this precious decree . It tells its own tale ; it is too diplomatically laconic . It served its purpose in Europe : it looked so well suited to act as an annex to a protocol . Here , however , we have the source of half the evils of the Greek monarchy . King Otho 's reign commenced with a violation of law , order , and common sense ; and as this violation of every principle of justice had been openly countenanced by the political agents of the protecting powers , King Otho was misled into a belief that Great Britain , France , and Russia , wished to deliver Greece , bound hand and foot , and despoiled of every right , into his hands . Various reasons , at the time , induced the Greeks to submit to these proceedings without a murmur , and even to turn away from those who endeavoured to raise a warning voice . The truth is , no sacrifice was too great , which held out a hope of putting an end to the existing anarchy . About thirteen thousand irregular troops were occupying the richest part of Greece , and destroying or consuming every thing that had escaped the Turks . The cattle and sheep of the peasantry were seized , the olive trees cut down for fuel ; and while the people were dying of hunger , literally perishing for want of food , these banditti were feasting in abundance . The political Greeks , the jackals of diplomacy , cajolled the people and the soldiers , by declaring that the allied powers had furnished the king with money to pay the troops , and to indemnify every man for the losses sustained during the revolution . King Otho and his regency did at last arrive , and they brought with them an army of Bavarians . The king was received with a degree of enthusiasm , and with proofs of devotion which would have touched any hearts not protected by an impenetrable padding of beer and sour crout . But it was , unfortunately for the young king , the fashion at the new court to despise and distrust the Greeks , to underrate their exploits , and to declaim against their honesty . The revolution was treated as a war of words , the defence of Missolonghi as a trifle , and the naval warfare as a farce . The Greeks have since , on the mountains of Maina , and on the plain of Phthiotis , shown themselves so far superior to the Bavarians when engaged in the field , that we shall say nothing on that subject . Their honesty has been generally considered more questionable than their courage ; for though the names of Miaulis , Kanaris , Marco Botzaris , Niketas , Kolocotroni and Karaiskaki are known to all Europe , the only spotless statesman , in the opinion of the Greeks themselves , is the unknown Kanakaris . The arrival of the king , however , afforded singular proof of the strong feeling of patriotism and honesty which prevailed among the people . The Bavarians arrived in Greece early in 1833 , and the revenues for that year were estimated , by competent persons , at four millions of drachmas ; but it was thought that the regency would not succeed in collecting more than three millions , as their recent arrival prevented their enforcing a strict system of control . It was necessary , therefore , to trust much to the honesty of the people , usually a poor guarantee for large payments into the exchequer of any country . But the Greeks felt that their national independence was connected with the stability of the new government , and they acted with true nobility of feeling on the occasion . The revenues received by the king 's government in 1833 , amounted to upwards of seven millions of drachmas , although two months elapsed before some of the provinces were relieved from the burden of maintaining the irregular soldiery at free quarters . We believe that there never was a government in the world which received the amount of the taxes imposed on the people with such perfect good faith , as the Greek government in 1833 . The expenditure of the government for that year , amounted to something more than thirteen millions and a half , and if Greece had been governed with the honesty shown by the Greek people , the expenditure of future years would never have exceeded that sum . [ We subjoin a statement of the revenues and expenditure of Greece , for those in which the Greek government have condescended to publish their accounts . REVENUE . EXPENDITURE . Drachmas . Drachmas . 1833 , . . . . 7 , 042 , 653 1833 , . . . . 13 , 630 , 467 1834 , . . . . 9 , 455 , 410 1834 , . . . . 20 , 150 , 657 1835 , . . . . 10 , 737 , 011 1835 , . . . . 16 , 851 , 070 1836 , . . . . 12 , 381 , 000 1836 , . . . . 16 , 447 , 126 1837 , . . . . 13 , 313 , 393 1837 , . . . . 16 , 190 , 527 After the king took the entire direction of public business into his own hands , he gave up publishing any accounts , and accordingly none have appeared in the Greek Gazette for the years 1838 , 1839 , 1840 , and 1841 . Financial difficulties pressing hard in 1842 , his Majesty resumed the practice to a certain degree , by publishing a budget :— REVENUE . EXPENDITURE . Drachmas . Drachmas . 1842 , estimated at 17 , 834 , 000 1842 , . . . . 19 , 395 , 022 1843 , . . . . 14 , 407 , 795 1843 , . . . . 18 , 666 , 482 We may remark , that not the smallest reliance can be placed on these budgets for the years 1842 and 1843 . We are informed that 1 , 000 , 000 drachmas of the revenue of 1842 were still unpaid in the month of May 1843 .] We shall now endeavour to explain why the king 's government has proved so inefficient in improving the country , and afterwards examine the various causes of its extreme unpopularity . To do this , it is necessary to state what the government has really done ; and also , what it was expected to do . We shall try as we go along , to explain the part the protecting powers have acted in thwarting the progress of improvement , and in encouraging the court in its lavish expenditure and anti-national policy . It must , indeed , constantly be borne in mind by the reader , that the three protecting powers in their collective capacity have all along supported the government of King Otho — and that even when the Morning Chronicle called King Otho an idiot , and Lord Palmerston quarrelled with him and scolded him , still England joined the other powers in continuing to supply him with money to continue his immense palace , and pay his Bavarian aides-de-camp . We may add , too , that if it had been otherwise , had either Great Britain , France , or Russia , deliberately abandoned the alliance , King Otho would immediately have ceased to be King of Greece , unless supported on his throne by the direct interference of the other two . Had the Greeks not looked upon him as the pledge that the protecting powers would maintain order in the country , they would have sent him back to his royal father , as ornamental at Munich , where an additional king would make the town look gayer , but as utterly useless in Greece . Though , England , France , and Russia , have therefore each in their turn acted in opposition to King Otho , still they have always as a body supported his doings , right or wrong . Let us now see what the government of King Otho has done for Greece . From 1833 until 1837 , Greece was governed by Bavarian ministers , and accordingly the king was not considered directly responsible for the conduct of the administration . These ministers were Mr Maurer , who , during 1833 and part of 1834 , directed the government . He was supported with great eagerness by France , and opposed with more energy by England . The liberal and anti-Russian tendency of his measures , alarmed Russia , but she showed her opposition with considerable moderation . Count Armansperg succeeded Mr Maurer , and he ruled Greece with almost absolute power for two years . He was supported by Lord Palmerston with the energy of the most determined partizanship . The institutions of Greece , liberal policy , and sound principles of commercial legislation , were all forgotten , because Count Armansperg was anti-Russian . The opposition of France and Russia was strongly announced , but restrained within reasonable bounds . Mr Rudhart succeeded Count Armansperg . He , poor man ! was assailed by England with all the artillery of Palmerston ; and as neither France nor Russia would undertake to support so unfit a person , he was driven from his post . The Greek government enjoyed every possible advantage during the administration of these Bavarians . A loan of £. 2 , 400 , 000 , contracted under the guarantee of the three protecting powers , kept the treasury full ; so that no plan for the improvement of Greece , or for enriching the Bavarians , was arrested for want of funds . We shall now pass in review what was done . 1 . A good monetary system was established . The allies , it is true , supplied the metal , but the Bavarians deserve the merit of transferring as much of it as they could into their own pockets , in a very respectable coinage . 2 . The irregular troops were disbanded , and many of them driven over the frontier into Turkey . The thing was very clumsily done ; but , thank Heaven ! it was done , and Greece was delivered from this horde of banditti . 3 . Every Bavarian officer or cadet was promoted , and every Greek officer was reduced to a lower rank . We cannot venture to describe the rage of the Greeks , nor the presumption of the Bavarians . 4 . An order of knighthood was created , of which the decorations were distributed in the following manner : One hundred and twenty-five grand crosses , and crosses of grand commanders , were divided as follows : The protecting powers received ninety-one , that is thirty a-piece if they agreed to divide fairly . The odd one was really given to Baron Rothschild , as contractor of the loan . The Bavarians took twenty-three . The Greeks received ten for services during the war of the revolution , and during the national assembly which accepted King Otho , and one was bestowed among the foreigners who had served Greece during the war with Turkey . Six hundred and fourteen crosses of inferior rank were distributed , and of these the Greeks received only one hundred and forty-five ; so that really the protecting powers and the Bavarians reserved for themselves rather more than a fair proportion of this portion of the loan , especially if they expected the Greeks not to become bankrupt . 5 . All the Greek civil servants of King Otho were put into light blue uniforms , covered with silver lace , at one hundred pounds sterling a-head . And , O Gemini ! such uniforms ! Those who have seen the ambassador of his Hellenic majesty at the court of St James 's , at a levee or a drawing-room , will not soon forget the merits of his tailor . 6 . Ambassadors were sent to Paris , London , St. Petersburg , Munich , Madrid , Berlin , Vienna , and Constantinople , and Consuls-general to all the ends of the earth . 7 . A council of state was formed . 8 . The civil government was organized , and royal governors appointed in all the provinces , who maintain a direct correspondence with the minister of the interior . 9 . A very respectable judicial administration was formed , and codes of civil and criminal procedure published . 10 . The Greek Church was organized on a footing which rendered it independent of the patriarch at Constantinople without causing a schism . This is unquestionably the ablest act of Mr Maurer 's administration , and it drew on him the whole hatred of Russia . 11 . The communal and municipal system of Greece , the seat of the vitality of the Greek nation , was adopted as the foundation of the social edifice in the monarchy . It is true some injudicious Bavarian modifications were made ; but time will soon consign to oblivion these delusions of Teutonic intellect . 12 . The liberty of the press was admitted to be an inherent right of Greek citizens . The five last-mentioned measures are entirely due to the liberal spirit and sound legal knowledge of Mr Maurer , who , if he had been restrained from meddling with diplomacy , and quarreling with the English and Russian ministers at Nauplia , would have been universally regarded as a most useful minister . But all the practical good Greece has derived from the Bavarians , is confined to a few of his acts . The accession of Count Armansperg to power , opened a new scene . A certain number of Greeks were then admitted to high and lucrative employments , on condition that they would support the Bavarian system , and declare that their country was not yet fit for the enjoyment of constitutional liberty . The partizans of Mr Maurer were dismissed and sent back to Bavaria : a few good bribes were given to newspaper editors and noisy democrats ; but the Bavarians were kept in the possession of the richest part of the spoil . Accordingly , the cry of the Greeks against Bavarian influence and Bavarian rapacity never ceased . Rudhart 's government was a continuation of that of Armansperg , only with the difference that he leaned on a different foreign power for support . Neither Armansperg nor Rudhart conferred any benefit on Greece . They formed a phalanx or corps of veterans ; but as they laid down no invariable rules for admission , but kept the door open as a means of creating a party among the military , this institution has become a scene of jobbing and abuse . A law conferring a portion of land on every Greek family was passed ; but as it was intended to serve political purposes , it was never put into general execution . A number of sales of national lands has been made under it , in direct violation of every principle of law and justice ; and as detached pieces of the richest plains in Greece have been alienated in this way , the resources of the country will be found to have been very seriously diminished by this singular species of wholesale corruption . Rudhart was compelled from his weakness to make one or two steps in the national path . He assembled the council of state , and called the provincial councils and the university into activity . We have now arrived at the period when King Otho assumed the reins of government . From the year 1838 to the present day , he has been his own irresponsible prime minister ; for the apparent ministers Zographos , Pa ï kos , Maurocordatos and Rizos , have never enjoyed his unlimited confidence , nor have they been viewed with much favour by the people . Indeed , with the exception of Maurocordatos , they are men of inferior ability , and of no character or standing in the country . Any one who will take the trouble to read those portions of their diplomatic correspondence with the ministers of the allied powers at Athens , which have been published , will be convinced of their utter unfitness for the offices they have held . Let the reader contrast these precious specimens of inaccuracy and rigmarole , with the come-to-the-truth style of our own minister , or the sarcastic , let-us-go-quietly-over-your-reasoning style , in which the Russian minister answers them . In order that our readers may form some idea of the manner in which King Otho has carried on the government for five years , we shall describe the political machine he has framed — name it we cannot ; for it resembles nothing the world has yet seen amidst all the multifarious combinations of cabinet-making , which kings , sultans , krals , emperors , czars , or khans , have yet presented to the envious contemplation of aspiring statesmen . The king of Greece , it must be observed , is a monarch whose ministers are held by a fiction of law to be responsible ; and the editor of an Athenian newspaper has been fined and imprisoned for declaring that this fiction is not a fact . These ministers are not permitted by King Otho to assemble together in council , unless he himself be present . The assembly would be too democratic for Otho 's nerves . In short , the king has a ministry , but his ministers do not form a cabinet ; his cabinet is a separate concern . Each minister waits on his majesty with his portfolio under his arm , and receives the royal commands . To simplify business , however , and make the ministers fully sensible of their real insignificancy , King Otho frequently orders the clerks in the public offices to come to his royal presence , with the papers on which they have been engaged ; and by this means he shows the ministers , that though they are necessary in consequence of the fiction of law , they may be rendered very secondary personages in their own departments . If it were not a useless waste of time , we could lay before our readers instances of this singularly easy mode of doing business — instances too , which have been officially communicated to the allied powers . His majesty carried his love of performing ministerial duties so far , that for more than a year he dispensed entirely with a minister of finance , and divided the functions of that office among three of the clerks : no bad preparation for a national bankruptcy , we must allow — yet the protecting powers viewed this political vagary of his majesty with perfect indifference . The most singular feature of King Otho 's government is his cabinet , or , as the Greek newspapers call it , “ the Camarilla . ” This cabinet has no official constitution ; yet its members put their titles on the visiting cards which they leave , as advertisements of the existence of this irresponsible body , at the houses of the foreign ministers . It consists , or until the late financial difficulties deranged all the royal plans , it consisted , of four Bavarians and two Greeks . Its duty is to prepare projects of laws to be adopted by the different ministers , and to assist the king in selecting individuals appointed to public offices . This is the feature which excites the greatest indignation at Athens ; the minister of war does not dare to promote a corporal ; the minister of public instruction would tremble to send a village schoolmaster to a country demos , even at the expense of the citizens ; and the minister of finance would not risk the responsibility of conferring the office of porter of the customhouse at Parras , before receiving the royal instructions how to act on such emergencies , and ascertaining what creature of the camarilla it was necessary to provide for . We have already mentioned the council of state ; it consists of about twenty individuals chosen by his majesty , a motley congregation — some cannot read — others cannot write — some came to Greece after the revolution was over — some , long after the king himself . This council is , by one of the fictions of law so common in the Hellenic kingdom , supposed to form a legislative council , and it is implied that it ought to be considered as tantamount to a representative assembly . Some of its members are most brave and respectable men , who have rendered Greece good service ; but since they were decked out in silver uniforms , and received large salaries to form a portion of the court pageant , they have lost much of their influence in the country , either for good or evil . The king looks upon these patriotic members as an insignificant minority , or an ignorant majority , as the case may be , and he has more than once set aside the opposition of this council , by publishing laws rejected by a majority of its members . To speak a plain truth in rude phrase — the council of state is a farce . King Otho , with his Greek ministers , his Bavarian cabinet , and his motley council of state , is therefore , to all appearance , a more absolute sovereign than his neighbour , Abdul Meschid . But we must now leave the royal authority , and turn our attention to an important chapter in the Greek question ; one which nevertheless has not hitherto met with proper study either from the king , his allies , or the public in Western Europe — we mean the institutions of the Greek people . The inhabitants of Greece consist of two classes , who , from having been placed for many ages in totally different circumstances , are extremely different in manners and in civilization . These are the population of the towns or the commercial class , and the inhabitants of the country or the agricultural class . The traders have usually been considered by strangers as affording the true type of the Greek character ; but a very little reflection ought to have convinced any one , that the insecurity of the Turkish government , and the constant change in the channels of trade in the East , had given this class of the population a most Hebraical indifference to “ the dear name of country . ” To the Fanariote and the Sciote , Wallachia or Trieste were delightful homes , if dollars were plentiful . But the agricultural population of Greece was composed of very different materials . We are inclined to consider them as the most obstinately patriotic race on which the sun shines ; their patriotism is a passion and an instinct , and , from being restricted to their village or their district , often looks quite as like a vice as a virtue . This class is altogether so unlike any portion of the population of Western Europe , that we should be more likely to mislead than to enlighten our readers by attempting to describe it . The peasants are themselves inclined to distrust the population of the towns , and look on Bavarians , Fanariotes , and government officers , as a tribe of enemies embodying different degrees of rapacity under various names . They have as yet derived little benefit from the government of King Otho , for their taxes are greater now than they were under the Turks , and they very sagaciously attribute the existence of order in Greece to the alliance of the kings of the Franks , not to the military prowess of the Bavarians . There is a third class of men in Greece who hold in some degree the position of an aristocracy . This class is composed of all those individuals who from education are entitled to hold government appointments ; and at the head of this class figure the Fanariotes or Greek families who were in the habit of serving under the Turkish government . Many of the Fanariotes move about seeking their fortunes , from Greece to Turkey , Wallachia , and Moldavia , and vice versa . One brother will be found holding an office in the suite of the Prince of Moldavia , and another in the court of King Otho . This class is more attached to foreign influence than to Greek independence , and is almost as generally unpopular in the country as the Bavarians ; and perhaps not without reason , as it supplies the court with abler and more active instruments than could be found among the dull Germans . We must now notice the great peculiarity of the national constitution of the Greeks as a distinct people . There is indeed a singular difference in the organization of the European nations , which does not always meet with due attention from historians . The various governments of Europe are divided into absolute and constitutional ; but it is seldom considered necessary to explain whether the people are ruled by officers appointed by the central authority of the state , or by magistrates elected by local assemblies of the people . Yet , as the character of a nation is more important in history than the form of its government , it is as much the duty of the historian to examine the institutions of the people , as it is the business of the politician to be acquainted with the action of the government . To illustrate this , we shall describe in general terms the political constitution of the Greeks , and leave our readers to compare it with the share enjoyed by the French , and some other of the constitutional nations , in their own local government . After all the boasted liberty and equality of the subjects of the Citizen King , we own that we consider that the Greeks possess national institutions resting on a surer and more solid basis . All Greece is , and always has been , divided into communities enjoying the right of choosing their own magistrates , and these magistrates decide a number of police and administrative questions not affecting crimes and rights of property . The most populous town , and the smallest hamlet , equally exercise this privilege , and it is to its existence that the Greeks owe the power of resistance they were enabled to exert against their Roman and Turkish masters . We shall not enter into the history of this institution , under the Turks , at present ; as it is sufficient for our purpose to give our readers a correct idea of the existing state of things . A local elective magistracy is formed , which prevents the central government from goading the people to insurrection by the insolence of office which the inferior agents of an ill-organized administration constantly display . Fortunately for the tranquillity of the country , the local administration works its way onward through the daily difficulties which present themselves , independent of king , ministers , councillors of state , or royal governors . In order to make our description as exact as possible , without presenting a vague statistical view of the whole kingdom , for the accuracy of which we would not pretend to answer , we confine our observations to the province of Attica , concerning which we have been able to obtain official information from all the communes . There is , of course , a royal governor in Attica , who resides at Athens ; he is named on the responsibility of the minister of the interior , with whom he is in daily correspondence , and is the organ of communication between the royal government and the popular magistracy . Of course , in the present state of things , the officer is appointed by King Otho himself , who has made it a point of statesmanship to keep a person in the place quite as much disposed to serve as a spy on all the ministers , as inclined to execute with zeal the orders of his immediate superior . The population of Attica is divided into seven communes or demarchies . [ B ] Footnote B : To this population of 33 , 909 , must be added the troops and strangers in Athens , and at the Piraeus , who are not citizens . They generally exceed three thousand . To this population of 33 , 909 , must be added the troops and strangers in Athens , and at the Piraeus , who are not citizens . They generally exceed three thousand . 1 . Athens , containing . 22 , 309 inhabitants . 2 . Piraeus , . . . 2099 ... 3 . Kekropia , . . . 2158 ... 4 . Marathon , . . . 1214 ... 5 . Phyle , . . . 2659 ... 6 . Laurion , . . . 1470 ... 7 . Kalamos , . . . 2000 ... 33 , 909 It will be enough for our purpose to describe the local constitution of the city of Athens , and then point out the slight variations which circumstances render necessary in the secluded agricultural communes of the province . The magistrates of Athens consist of a demarch ( provost ) , six paredhroi ( bailies ) , and a town council composed of eighteen members . The town-council is selected by all the citizens , who vote by signed lists , containing the names of thirty-six individuals . The eighteen who have a majority of votes become members of the town-council , and the remaining eighteen who have the greatest number form a list of supplementary members to supply vacancies , and prevent any election being necessary except at the stated periods provided by law . The election of the demarch and paredhroi is a more complicated affair . The eighteen members chosen to form the town-council , and eighteen citizens who are the highest tax-payers in the community , then meet together under the presidency of the royal governor of the province . This meeting first proceeds to elect two of its number to open the ballot-box , and assist and control the conduct of the royal governor , as vice-presidents of the assembly . The election proceeds , the persons present voting by ballot . The names of candidates for the office of demarch must be returned , from which the king selects one , and six paredhroi chosen , who must all have an absolute majority of votes . The indirect election of the demarch is extremely unpopular , as it has no effect except to enable the king to exclude two popular but uncourtly citizens from every municipal office . The plan of election in the country districts is precisely similar , but the town-council is less numerous , and each village has its own resident paredhros . The election of the demarch and of the paredhroi is conducted as at Athens , and the royal governor of the province is compelled to visit each commune in turn , in order to preside at the election . The whole system rests on a popular basis . Every citizen possessing property , or enrolled in the list of citizens from paying taxes , enjoys a vote in the election of the magistrates of his demos . The royal authority only concurs in so far as is required to preserve order , and give an official certificate of the legality of the proceedings . We come now to another popular institution , which gives a great degree of political strength to the municipal organization of Greece , and protects its liberties in a manner unknown in most other countries . Each province possesses a provincial council , the members of which are elected by the citizens of the different demoi into which the province is divided — a demos containing 2000 inhabitants , sends one representative ; a demos with 10 , 000 but exceeding 2000 , sends two representatives ; and a demos having more than 10 , 000 inhabitants , sends three . Here , however , the electors are required to pay fifty drachmas of direct taxes to the general government in order to be entitled to vote . [ C ] Footnote C : Twenty-eight drachmas make a pound sterling . Twenty-eight drachmas make a pound sterling . It will be seen , on referring to the population of the Attic demoi , that the provincial council of Attica consists of twelve members , and these members are elected for six years . The restriction on the electors is not unpopular in Greece , as it is connected with an extended suffrage in the municipal elections . Upwards of 500 citizens voted in Athens at the last elections of provincial councillors . The provincial councils meet every year in the months of February or March , as that is the season when the landed proprietors in the country can most conveniently absent themselves from their farms . The council chooses its own president and secretary , but the royal governor of the province has the right to attend its meeting . The budget of each demos must be presented to the council and approved by it , and it has the power of rejecting any item of expenditure ; but it can only recommend , not enforce , any additional expense . It is likewise the business of the provincial council to examine the grounds on which any demos solicits the power of imposing local taxes : it proposes also general improvements for the whole province , and has the power of assessing the taxes necessary for carrying them into effect . Roads , barracks for gendarmes , prisons , hospitals , and schools , are objects of its attention . Its acts must all be presented to the minister of the interior at the conclusion of the session , and they acquire validity only from the time the minister communicates the royal assent to the proceedings . This system of popular government , in all matters directly connected with the daily business of the citizens , is a wise arrangement , and it has proved a powerful engine for the preservation of order amidst a population accustomed to anarchy , revolution , and despotism ; and it has also formed a firm barrier against the tyrannical aspirations of the Bavarians . Indeed , had King Otho 's government not been prevented , by this municipal system , from coming into daily contact with the people , we are persuaded that it would long ago have thrown Greece into convulsions , and caused the massacre of every Bavarian in the country . From the account we have given of the royal central government on the one hand , and of the local magistracy on the other , it will be evident to our readers that there are two powers at work in Greece , which , unless they are united in the pursuit of some common objects , must at last engage in a contest for the mastery . We shall now notice the newspaper allegation , that the Greek court is composed entirely of Bavarians . This was once the case , but it ceased to be strictly true from the moment Armansperg introduced the system of bribing the Greeks to join the Bavarian party ; and at present the government is supported almost entirely by Greek deserters from the national cause . There is now no Bavarian in the ministry , and there are Greeks in the cabinet . Many of the Greeks who affect with foreigners to be loud in their complaints against the Bavarians , are , in the administration , the most strenuous supporters of King Otho 's system , and , like Maurocordatos , the declared opponents of a national assembly and of a representative form of government . They declare to the king that it is necessary to retain some Bavarians in Greece , and they really wish it done in order to exclude their Greek rivals from office . A revolution , followed by a foreign government , and a lavish expenditure , has demoralized sterner stuff than Greek politicians are made of , so that it is more to be regretted than wondered at , when it appears that the Greek court has an unusually large supply of venal political adventurers always ready to enter its service . This band consists of the Fanariotes , who were trained to official aptitude and immorality under the Turks — of the politicians of the revolution who deserted the cause of their country for the service of the protecting powers at the last national assembly — and of a large class of educated men not bred to commerce , who have resorted to Greece to make their fortunes , and are now ready to accept places under any government . The court , in its ignorance of Greece , has often purchased the services of these men at their own valuation ; and from this cause originates the crowd of incapable councillors of state , useless ambassadors and consuls , ignorant ministerial councillors and royal governors , and dishonest commissaries , who assemble round King Otho in his palace . But time is rolling on — ten years have elapsed since King Otho first stepped on the Hellenic soil — the heroes of the war are sinking into the grave — Miaulis , the best of the brave — Zaimi , the sagacious timid Moreote noble — Kolocotroni , the sturdy strewd old klephtic chieftain ;— these three representatives and leaders of numerous classes of their countrymen , now sleep in an honoured grave , and their followers no longer form a majority in the land . A new race has arisen , a race equal in education to the Maurocordatos , Rizos , Souizos , Karadjas , Tricoupis , and Kolettis , and possessing the immense advantage over these men of occupying a social position of greater independence . The fiery vehemence of youth placed most of these new men in the opposition when they entered on life . A political career being closed , they were , fortunately for their country , obliged to devote all their attention to the cultivation of their estates , and content themselves with improving their vineyards and olive plantations instead of governing their country . Years have now brought an increase of wealth , habits of moderation , steadiness of purpose , and feelings of independence . In a country such as we have described Greece , and we flatter ourselves our description will bear examination on the part of travellers and diplomatic gentlemen , we ask if there can be any doubt of the ultimate success of popular institutions ? For our own part , we feel persuaded that Greece can only escape from a fierce civil war by the convocation of a national representative assembly .— We adopted this opinion from the moment that the Bavarian government was unable to destroy the liberty of the press , after plunging into the contest and awakening the political passions of the people . When a sovereign attacks a popular institution without provocation , and fails in his attack , and when the people show that concentrated energy which inspires the prudence necessary to use victory with a moderation which produces no reaction against their cause , their victory is sure . Under such circumstances a nation can patiently wait the current of events . If Greece exist as a monarchy , we believe it will soon have a national assembly ; and if King Otho remain its sovereign , we have a fancy that he will not long delay convoking one . Nothing , indeed , can long prevent some representative body from meeting together , unless it be the interference , direct or indirect , of the three protecting powers . They , indeed , have strength sufficient to become the Three Protecting Tyrants . We hope that we have now given a tolerably intelligible account of King Otho 's government , and how it stands . We shall , therefore , proceed to the second division of our enquiry , and strive to explain the actual state of public feeling in Greece ; what the king 's government was expected to do , and what it has left undone . We may be compelled here to glance at a few delicate and contested questions in Greek politics , on which , however , we shall not pretend to offer any opinion of our own , but merely collect the facts ; and we advise all men who wish to form a decided opinion on such a question , to wait patiently until they have been discussed in a national assembly of Greeks . The first great question on which the government of King Otho was expected to decide , was the means necessary to be adopted for discharging the internal debt contracted for carrying on the war against the Turks . This debt resolved itself into two heads : payment for services , and repayment of money advanced . The national assemblies which had met during the revolution , had decreed that every man who served in the army should , at the conclusion of the war , receive a grant of land . It was proposed that King Otho should carry these decrees into execution , by framing lists of all those who had served either in the army , the navy , or in civil employments . The same registers which contain the lists of the citizens of the various communes , could have been rendered available for the purpose of verifying the services of each individual . A fixed number of acres might then have been destined to each man , according to his rank and time of service . This measure would have enabled the Greek government to say , that it had kept faith with the people . It would have induced many of the military to settle as landed proprietors when the first current of enthusiasm in favour of peaceful occupations set in , and it would have been the means of silencing many pretensions of powerful military chiefs , whose silence has since been dearly purchased . The royal government always resisted these demands of the Greeks , and the consequence was , that when it was necessary to yield from fear , Count Armansperg adopted a law of dotation , which , under the appearance of being a general measure , was only carried into application in cases where partisanship was established ; and yet national lands have been alienated to a far greater extent than would have satisfied every claim arising out of the revolutionary war . The king , it is true , has in late years made donations of national land to favoured individuals , to maids of honour , Turkish neophytes , and Bavarian brides ; and he has rewarded several political renegades with currant lands , and held out hopes of conferring villages on councillors of state who have been eager defenders of the court ; but all this has been openly done as a matter of royal favour . With regard to the second class of claimants . Common honesty , if royal gratitude go for nothing in Greece , required that those who advanced money to their country in her day of need , should be repaid their capital . All interest might have been refused — the glory of their disinterested conduct was all the reward they wanted ; for few of them would have demanded repayment of the sums due had they been rich enough to offer them as a gift . The refusal of King Otho to repay these sums when he lavished money on his Bavarian favourites and Greek partizans , has probably lowered his character more , both in the East and in Europe , than any of those errors in diplomacy which induced the Morning Chronicle to publish , that several Bavarians of rank had written a certificate of his being an idiot , and forwarded it to his royal father . The sum required to pay up all the claims of this class , would not have exceeded the agency paid by King Otho to his Bavarian banker for remitting the loan contracted at Paris to Greece , by the rather circuitous route of Munich . It was also expected by the Greeks that one of the first acts of the royal government would have been to abolish the duty on all articles carried by sea from one part of the kingdom to another ; this duty amounted to six per cent , and was not abolished until the late demands of the three protecting powers for prompt payment of the money due to them by his Hellenic majesty , rendered King Otho rather more amenable to public opinion than he had been previously . A decree was accordingly published a few months ago , abolishing this most injurious tax , the preamble of which declares , with innocent na ï vet é, that the duty thus levied is not based on principles of equal taxation , but bears oppressively on particular classes . [ D ] Alas ! poor King Otho ! he begins to abolish unjust taxation when his exchequer is empty , and when his creditors are threatening him with the Gazette ; and yet he delays calling together a national assembly . It is possible that , little by little , King Otho may be persuaded by circumstances to become a tolerable constitutional sovereign at last ; but we fear our old friend Hadgi Ismael Bey — may his master never diminish the length of his shadow !— will say on this occasion , as we have heard him say on some others , “ Machallah ! Truly , the sense of the ghiaour doth arrive after the mischief ! ” But we hold no opinions in common with Hadgi Ismael Bey , who drinketh water , despiseth the Greek , and hateth the Frank . Our own conjecture is , that King Otho has been studying the history of Theopompus , one of his Spartan predecessors who , like himself , occupied barely half a throne . Colleagues and ephori were in times past as unpleasant associates in the duties of government as protecting powers now are . Now Theopompus looked not lovingly on those who shared his royalty , but as he understood the signs of the times , he sought to make friends at Sparta by establishing a popular council , that is to say , he convoked a national assembly . Thus , by diminishing the pretensions of royalty , he increased its power . Let King Otho do the same , and if some luckless Bavarian statesmen upbraid him with having thrown away his power , let him reply — “ No , my friend , I have only rendered the Bavarian dynasty more durable in Greece . ” [ Greek : Oi deta , paraoio ô mi gar ten basileian poluchroni ô teran .] If King Otho would once a day recall to his mind the defence of Missolonghi , if he would reflect on the devotion shown to the cause of their country by the whole population of Greece , he would surely feel prouder of identifying his name and fortunes with a country so honoured and adored , than of figuring in Bavarian history as the protector of the artists who has reared the enormous palace he has raised at Athens . Footnote D : This decree was published in the Athena newspaper , and is dated the 20th of April 1843 . It does not appear to have been published until some weeks later . This decree was published in the Athena newspaper , and is dated the 20th of April 1843 . It does not appear to have been published until some weeks later . The Greeks expected that a civilized government would have taken measures for improving the internal communications of the country , and exerted itself to open new channels of commercial enterprise . They had hoped to see some part of the loan expended in the formation of roads , and in establishing regular packets to communicate with the islands . The best road the loan ever made , was one to the marble quarries of Pentelicus in order to build the new palace , and the only packets in Greece were converted by his majesty into royal yachts . [ E ] The regency , it is true , made a decree announcing their determination to make about 250 miles of road . But their performances were confined to repairing the road from Nauplia to Argos , which had been made by Capo d'Istria . The Greek government , however , has now completed the famous road to the marble quarries , a road of six miles in length to the Piraeus , and another of five miles across the isthmus of Corinth . The King of Bavaria very nearly had his neck broken on a road said to have been then practicable between Argos and Corinth . We can answer for its being now perfectly impassable for a carriage . Two considerable military roads are , however , now in progress , one from Athens to Thebes , and another from Argos to Tripolitza . But these roads have been made without any reference to public utility , merely to serve for marching troops and moving artillery , and consequently the old roads over the mountains , as they require less time , are alone used for commercial transport . Footnote E : This is no exaggeration . We once visited the island of Santorin , which has a population of 9000 souls , who own 46 vessels of 200 tons and upwards , besides many smaller craft . King Otho was sailing about in one steamer at the time , and another was acting the man-of-war amidst a fleet of English , French , Prussian , and Austrian frigates in the front of the Piraeus ; yet no post had been forwarded to Santorin for a fortnight . Santorin is about 90 miles from Athens , and yields a very considerable revenue to the Greek monarchy . This is no exaggeration . We once visited the island of Santorin , which has a population of 9000 souls , who own 46 vessels of 200 tons and upwards , besides many smaller craft . King Otho was sailing about in one steamer at the time , and another was acting the man-of-war amidst a fleet of English , French , Prussian , and Austrian frigates in the front of the Piraeus ; yet no post had been forwarded to Santorin for a fortnight . Santorin is about 90 miles from Athens , and yields a very considerable revenue to the Greek monarchy . It is evident that a poor peasantry , possessing no other means of transport than their mules and pack-horses , must reckon distance entirely by time , and the only way to make them perceive the advantages to be derived from roads , is forming such bridle-paths as will enable them to arrive at their journey 's end a few hours sooner . The Greek government never though of doing this , and every traveller who has performed the journey from Patras to Athens , must have seen fearful proofs of this neglect in the danger he ran of breaking his neck at the Kaka-scala or cursed stairs of Megara . Nay , King Otho 's government has employed its vis inertiae in preventing the peasantry , even when so inclined , from forming roads at their own expense ; for the peasantry of Greece are far more enlightened than the Bavarians . In the year 1841 , the provincial council of Attica voted that the road from Kephisia — the marble-quarry road — should be continued through the province of Attica as far as Oropos . Provision was made for its immediate commencement by the labour of the communes through which it was to pass . Every farmer possessing a yoke of oxen was to give three days ’ labour during the year , and every proprietor of a larger estate was to supply a proportional amount of labour , or commute it for a fixed rate of payment in money . This arrangement gave universal satisfaction . Government was solicited to trace the line of road ; but a year passed — one pretext for delay succeeding another , and nothing was done . The provincial council of 1842 renewed the vote , and government again prevented its being carried into execution . It is said that his Majesty is strongly opposed to the system of allowing the Greeks to get the direction of any public business into their own hands ; and that he would rather see his kingdom without roads than see the municipal authorities boasting of performing that which the central government was unable to accomplish . We shall only trouble our readers with a single instance of the manner in which commercial legislation has been treated in Greece . We could with great ease furnish a dozen examples . Austrian timber pays an import duty of six per cent , in virtue of a commercial treaty between Royal Greece and Imperial Austria . Greek timber cut on the mountains round Athens pays an excise duty of ten per cent ; and the value of the Greek timber on the mountains is fixed according to the sales made at Athens of Austrian timber , on which the freight and duty have been paid . The effect can be imagined . In our visit to Greece we spent a few days shooting woodcocks with a fellow-countryman , who possesses an Attic farm in the mountains , near Deceleia . His house was situated amidst fine woods of oak and pine ; yet he informed us that the floors , doors , and windows , were all made of timber from Trieste , conveyed from Athens on the backs of mules . The house had been built by contract ; and though our friend gave the contractor permission to cut the wood he required within five hundred yards of the house , he found that , what with the high duty demanded by the government , and with the delays and difficulties raised by the officers charged with the valuation , who were Bavarian forest inspectors , the most economical plan was to purchase foreign timber . The consequence of this is , the Greeks burn down timber as unprofitable , and convert the land into pasturage . We have seen many square miles of wood burning on Mount Pentelicus ; and on expressing our regret to a Greek minister , he shrugged up his shoulders and said : “ That , sir , is the way in which the Bavarian foresters take care of the forests . ” Yet this Greek , who could sneakingly ridicule the folly of the Bavarians , was too mean to recommend the king to change the law . Let us now turn to a more enlivening subject of contemplation , and see what the Greeks have done towards improving their own condition . We shall pass without notice all their exertions to lodge and feed themselves , or fill their purses . We can trust any people on those points ; our observations shall be confined to the moral culture . We say that the Greeks deserve some credit for turning their attention towards their own improvement , instead of adopting the Gallican system of reform , and raising a revolution against King Otho . They seem to have set themselves seriously to work to render themselves worthy of that liberty , the restoration of which they have so long required in vain from the allied powers . There is , perhaps , no feature in the Greek revolution more remarkable than the eager desire for education manifested by all classes . The central government threw so many impediments in the way of the establishment of a university , that the Greeks perceived that no buildings would be erected either as lecture-rooms for the professors , or to contain the extensive collections of books which had been sent to Greece by various patriotic Greeks in Europe . Men of all parties were indignant at the neglect , and at last a public meeting was held , and it was resolved to raise a subscription for building the university . The government did not dare to oppose the measure ; fortunately , there was one liberal-minded man connected with the court at the time , Professor Brandis of Bonn , and his influence silenced the grumbling of the Bavarians ; the subscription proceeded with unrivalled activity , and upwards of £. 4000 was raised in a town of little more than twenty thousand inhabitants — half the inhabitants of which had not yet been able to rebuild their own houses . Many travellers have seen the new university at Athens , and visited its respectable library , and they can bear testimony to the simplicity and good sense displayed in the building . One of the most remarkable features of the great moral improvement which has taken place in the population , is the eagerness displayed for the introduction of a good system of female education . The first female school established in Greece was founded at Syra , in the time of Capo d'Istria , by that excellent missionary the late Rev . Dr Korck , who was sent to Greece by the Church Missionary Society . An excellent female school still exists in this island , under the auspices of the Rev . Mr Hilner , a German missionary ordained in England , and also in connexion with the Church Missionary Society . The first female school at Athens , after the termination of the Revolution , was established by Mrs Hill , an American lady , whose exertions have been above all praise . A large female school was subsequently formed by a society of Greeks , and liberally supported by the Rev . Mr Leeves , and many other strangers , for the purpose of educating female teachers . This society raises about £. 800 per annum in subscriptions among the Greeks . We cannot close the subject of female education without adding a tribute of praise to the exertions of Mrs Korck , a Greek lady , widow of the excellent missionary whom we have mentioned as having founded the first female school at Syra ; and of Mr George Constantinidhes , a Greek teacher , who commenced his studies under the auspices of the British and Foreign School Society , and who has devoted all his energy to the cause of the education of his countrymen , and has always inculcated the great importance of a good system of female education . We insist particularly on the merits of those who devoted their attention to this subject , as indicating a deep conviction of the importance of moral and religious instruction . Male education leads to wealth and honours . Boys gain a livelihood by their learning , but girls are educated that they may form better mothers . Other public institutions have not been neglected . The citizens of Athens have built a very respectable civil hospital , and we mention this as it is one of the public buildings which excites the attention of strangers , and which is often supposed to have been erected by the government , though entirely built from the funds raised by local taxes . The amount of municipal taxes which the Greeks pay , is another subject which deserves attention . The general taxes in Greece are very heavy . Every individual pays , on an average , twelve shillings , which makes the payment of a family of five persons amount to £. 3 sterling annually . This is a very large sum , when the poverty and destitution of the people is taken into consideration , and is greater than is paid by any other European nation where the population is so thinly scattered over the surface of the country . Yet as soon as the Greeks became convinced that the general government would contribute nothing towards improving the country , they determined to impose on themselves additional burdens rather than submit to wait . Hospitals , schools , churches , and bridges , built by several municipalities , attest the energy of the determination of the people to make every sacrifice to improve their condition . We offer our readers a statement of the amount of the taxes imposed by the municipalities of Attica on themselves for local improvements . The town communes of Athens and the Piraeus find less difficulty in collecting the large revenues they possess , than the country districts their comparatively trifling resources . Drachmas Athens , with a population of 22 , 309 collects 159 , 000 Piraeus , ... 2 , 099 ... 27 , 300 Kekropia , ... 2 , 158 ... 3 , 759 Marathon , ... 1 , 214 ... 1 , 708 Phyle , ... 2 , 659 ... 7 , 000 Laurion , ... 1 , 470 ... 2 , 356 Kalamos , ... 2 , 000 ... 2 , 747 33 , 909 ... 203 , 870 From this statement we find that each family of five persons pays , on an average , thirty drachmas of self-imposed taxes , or about twenty-two shillings annually , in addition to the £. 3 sterling paid to the general government . We think we may now ask : Are the Greeks fit for a representative system of government ? We should like to hear the reasons of those who hold the opinion , that they are not yet able to give an opinion on the best means of improving their own country , and the most advantageous mode of raising the necessary revenue . We must now conclude with a few remarks on the line of conduct towards the Greeks which has been pursued by the three protecting powers . We do not , however , propose entering at any length on the subject , as we have no other object than that of rendering our preceding observations more clear to our readers . We are persuaded that the policy of interfering as little as possible in the affairs of Greece , which has been adopted , and impartially acted on by Lord Aberdeen , is the true policy of Great Britain . But in reviewing the general position of the Greek state , it must not be forgotten that the Greek people have had communications with the great powers of Europe of a nature very different from those which existed between the protecting powers and King Otho . As soon as it became evident that Turkey could not suppress the Greek revolution without suffering most seriously from the diminution of her resources , Russia and England began to perceive that it would be a matter of some importance to secure the good-will of the Greek population . The Greeks scattered over the countries in the Levant , amount to about five millions , and they are the most active and intelligent portion of the population of the greater part of the provinces in which they dwell . The declining state of the Ottoman empire , and the warlike spirit of the Greek mountaineers and sailors , induced both Russia and England to commence bidding for the favour of the insurgents . In 1822 the deputy sent by the Greeks to solicit the compassion of the European ministers assembled at Verona , was not allowed to approach the Congress . But the successful resistance of the Greeks to the whole strength of the Ottoman empire for two years , induced Russia to communicate a memoir to the European cabinets in 1824 , proposing that the Greek population then in arms should receive a separate , though independent , political existence . This indiscreet proposition awakened the jealousy of England , as indicating the immense importance attached by Russia to securing the good-will of the Greeks . England immediately outbid the Czar for their favour , by recognising the validity of their blockades of the Turkish fortresses , thus virtually acknowledging the existence of the Greek state . The other European powers were compelled most unwillingly to follow the example of Great Britain . Mr Canning , however , in order to place the question on some public footing , laid down the principles on which the British cabinet was determined to act , in a communication to the Greek government , dated in the month of December 1824 . This document declares that the British government will observe the strictest neutrality with reference to the war ; while with regard to the intermediate state of independence and subjection proposed in the Russian memorial , it adds that , as it has been rejected by both parties , it is needless to discuss its advantages or defects . It also assured the Greeks that Great Britain would take no part in any attempt to compel them by force to adopt a plan of pacification contrary to their wishes . France now thought fit to enter on the field . According to the invariable principle of modern French diplomacy , she made no definite proposition either to the Greeks or the European powers ; but she sent semi-official agents into the country , who made great promises to the Greeks if they would choose the Duke de Nemours , the second son of the Duke d'Orleans , now King Louis Philippe , to be sovereign of Greece . The Greeks had seen something too substantial on the part of Russia and England to follow this Gallic will-o ’ - the-wisp . But England and Russia , in order to brush all the cobwebs of French intrigue from a question which appeared to them too important to be dealt with any longer by unauthorized agents , signed a protocol at St Petersburg on the 4th April 1826 , engaging to use their good offices with the Sultan to put an end to the war . The Duke of Wellington himself negotiated the signature of this protocol , and it is one of the numerous services he has rendered to his country and to Europe , as the Greek question threatened to disturb the peace of the East . France , as well as Austria , refused to join , until it became evident that the two powers were taking active measures to carry their decisions into effect , when France gave in her adhesion , and the treaty of the 6th of July 1827 , was signed at London by France , Great Britain , and Russia . Events soon ran away with calculations . The Turkish fleet was destroyed at Navarino on the 20th October 1827 , the anniversary ( if we may trust Mitford 's History of Greece ) of the battle of Salamis . France now embarked in the cause , determined to outbid her allies , and sent an expedition to the Morea , under Marshal Maison , to drive out the troops of Ibrahim Pasha . Capo d'Istria assumed the absolute direction of political affairs , and by his Russian partizanship and anti-Anglican prejudices , plunged Greece in a new revolution , when his personal oppression of the family of Mauromichalis caused his assassination . King Otho was then selected as king of Greece , and the consent of the Greeks was obtained to his appointment by a loan to the new monarch of £. 2 , 400 , 000 sterling , and by a good deal of intrigue and intimidation at the assembly of Pronia . [ F ] The Greeks , however , had already solemnly informed the allied powers , that the acts of their national assemblies , consolidating the institutions of the Greek state , and by securing the liberties of the Greek people , “ were as precious to Greece as her existence itself ; ” and the protecting powers had consecrated their engagement to support these institutions , by annexing this declaration to their protocol of the 22d March 1830 . [ G ] Footnote F : Several national assemblies have been held in Greece . The acts of the following have been printed in a collection composed of several volumes . The first was held at Pidhavro , near Epidaurus , of which its name is a corruption , in 1822 ; the others at Astros in 1823 , at Epidaurus in 1826 , at Troezene in 1827 , at Argos in 1830 and the last at Pronia , near Nauplia , in 1832 . Several national assemblies have been held in Greece . The acts of the following have been printed in a collection composed of several volumes . The first was held at Pidhavro , near Epidaurus , of which its name is a corruption , in 1822 ; the others at Astros in 1823 , at Epidaurus in 1826 , at Troezene in 1827 , at Argos in 1830 and the last at Pronia , near Nauplia , in 1832 . Footnote G : Annex A , No . 9 . Annex A , No . 9 . The three allied powers have not displayed more union in their councils , since the selection of King Otho , than they did before his appointment . In one thing alone they have been unanimous ; but unfortunately this has been to forget their engagements to the Greek people , to see that the institutions and liberties of Greece were to be respected . England and France have , however , displayed at times some compunction on the subject ; but , unluckily for the Greeks , their consciences did not prick them at the same moment . At one time the Duke de Broglie proposed that Greece should be reinstated in the enjoyment of her free institutions , but Lord Palmerston declared , that , her government being very anti-Russian at the time , institutions and liberty were a mere secondary matter , and he did not think the Greeks required such luxuries . Times , however , changed , and King Otho , displaying considerably more affection for Russia than for England — England conceived it necessary to propose , at one of the conferences in London on the affairs of Greece , that the Greeks should be called , in virtue of their national institutions , to exercise a control over the lavish and injudicious expenditure of the revenues of the kingdom by the royal government . But Russia and France , though admitting the incapacity of the king 's government , declared that they considered it better to send commissioners named by the protecting powers , to control his Hellenic majesty 's expenses . Russia , indeed , distinctly declared she would not allow the constitutional question to be discussed in the conferences at the Foreign Office , and Lord Palmerston , with unusual meekness , submitted . France , every ready to play a great game in small matters , really sent a commissioner to Greece , to control King Otho 's expenses ; but his Hellenic majesty soon gave proofs of how grievously the Morning Chronicle had mistaken his abilities . He gave the French commissioner a few dinners , a large star , and a good place at all court pageants in which he could display the uniform of Louis Philippe to advantage , and thereby made the commissioner the same as one of his own ministers . England and Russia kept aloof in stern disapprobation of this paltry comedy . The last farthing of the loan has now been expended , and the protecting powers have intimated to King Otho , in very strong terns , that he must immediately commence paying the interest and sinking fund , due in terms of the treaty which placed the crown of Greece on his head . The whole burden of this payment , of course , falls on the Greek people , who , we have already shown , have suffered enough from the government of King Otho , without this aggravation of their misery . Is it , we ask , just that the Greeks should be compelled to pay sums expended on decorations to European statesmen , pensions to Bavarian ministers , staff appointments to French engineer officers , and ambassadors at foreign courts , when they never were allowed even to express their conviction of the folly of these measures , except by the public press ? The truth is , that the loan was wasted , and the amount now to be repaid by Greece was very considerably increased by the allied powers themselves , who neglected to enforce the provisions of the very treaty they now call upon the Greeks to execute , though not a party to it . King Otho borrowed largely from Bavaria , as well as from the protecting powers — he was at liberty to do so without the allies attempting to interfere . But he was not entitled to repay any part of this loan from the revenues of Greece , until the claims of the protecting powers were satisfied . So says the treaty . The allies were bound , also , to restrict the auxiliary corps of Bavarians to 3000 men ; yet they allowed King Otho to assemble round his person , at one time , upwards of 6000 Bavarian troops , and a very great number of civil officers and forest guards . The King of Bavaria , when he was anxious to secure the throne for his son , promised “ that limited furloughs should be granted to Bavarian officers , and their pay continued to them . This , ” says his Majesty , “ will greatly relieve the Greek treasury , by providing for the service of the state officers of experience , possessing their own means of subsistence without any charge upon the country . ” Now , the allies knew that every Bavarian officer who put his foot in Greece , received the pay of a higher rank than he previously held in Bavaria from the Greek treasury . Is it , then , an equal application of the principles of justice to king and people , to compel the Greeks to pay for the violation of the King of Bavaria 's engagement ? [ H ] Footnote H : The paper from which we have quoted the above passage , is printed as an annex to the protocol appointing King Otho , in the Parliamentary papers . The paper from which we have quoted the above passage , is printed as an annex to the protocol appointing King Otho , in the Parliamentary papers . We believe that there now remains only one assertion which we have ventured to make , which we have not yet proved . We repeat it , and shall proceed to state our proofs . We say that Greece , if equitably treated , is not bankrupt , but on the contrary she possesses resources amply sufficient to discharge all just claims on her revenues , to maintain order in the country , and to defend her institutions . We shall draw our proof from the budget of King Otho for the present year , as this statement was laid before the allied powers to excite their compassion , and show them the absolute impossibility of King Otho paying his debts . The revenues of Greece are stated at 14 , 407 , 795 drachmas : and we may here remark , that last year , when his Hellenic majesty expected to persuade the allies to desist from pressing their claims , he stated the revenues of his kingdom at ... 17 , 834 , 000 The national expenses only amount to ... 11 , 735 , 546 Under the following heads :— Drachmas . Foreign Affairs , 394 , 712 Justice , 904 , 902 Interior , 1 , 073 , 182 Religion and Education , 651 , 658 War Department , 5 , 255 , 804 Navy , 1 , 404 , 465 Finances , 486 , 600 Expenses of managing the Revenue , which , in all preceding years , has been a part of the expenses of the Finance Department , 1 , 564 , 222 Another section of Finance Department , 60 , 000 Making a total of 11 , 735 , 546 The expenses of the Greek government which have been imposed on the country by the protecting powers , but never yet approved of by the Greek nation , are as follows :— Drachmas . Interest and sinking fund of debt due to the three protecting powers , debt to Bavaria , and pensions , 4 , 703 , 232 Civil list of King Otho , 1 , 209 , 064 5 , 912 , 296 It seems that the allies have made a very liberal allowance to King Otho . The monarch and his council of state cost more than the whole civil administration of the country , and almost as much as the Greek navy . We humbly conceive that a court of equity would strike out the Bavarian loan as illegally contracted , and forming a private debt between the two monarchs of Bavaria and Greece — that it would diminish the claim of the protecting powers , by expunging all those sums which have been spent among themselves or on strangers , with their consent — that it would reduce the civil list of the king and the council of state to 500 , 000 drachmas — and that it would order the immediate convocation of a national assembly , in order to take measures for improving the revenues of the country . If the allied powers will form themselves into this court of equity , and follow the course we have suggested , we have no doubt that in a very short period no kingdom in Europe will have its finances in a more flourishing condition than Greece . A SKETCH IN THE TROPICS . FROM A SUPERCARGO 'S LOG . It was on a November morning of the year 1816 , and about half an hour before daybreak , that the door of an obscure house in the Calle St Agostino , at the Havannah , was cautiously opened , and a man put out his head , and gazed up and down the street as if to assure himself that no one was near . All was silence and solitude at that early hour , and presently the door opening wider gave egress to a young man muffled in a shabby cloak , who , with hurried but stealthy step , took the direction of the port . Hastening noiselessly through the deserted streets and lanes , he soon reached the quay , upon which were numerous storehouses of sugar and other merchandize , and piles of dye-woods , placed there in readiness for shipment . Upon approaching one of the latter , the young man gave a low whistle , and the next instant a figure glided from between two huge heaps of logwood , and seizing his hand , drew him into the hiding-place from which it had just emerged . A quarter of an hour elapsed , and the first faint tinge of day just began to appear , when the noise of oars was heard , and presently in the grey light a boat was seen darting out of the mist that hung over the water . As it neared the quay , the two men left their place of concealment , and one of them , pointing to the person who sat in the stern of the boat , pressed his companion 's hand , and hurrying away , soon disappeared amid the labyrinth of goods and warehouses . The boat came up to the stairs . Of the three persons it contained , two sailors , who had been rowing , remained in it ; the third , whose dress and appearance were those of the master of a merchant vessel , sprang on shore , and walked in the direction of the town . As he passed before the logwood , the stranger stepped out and accosted him . The seaman 's first movement , and not an unnatural one , considering he was at the Havannah and the day not yet broken , was to half draw his cutlass from its scabbard , but the next moment he let it drop back again . The appearance of the person who addressed him was , if not very prepossessing , at least not much calculated to inspire alarm . He was a young man of handsome and even noble countenance , but pale and sickly-looking , and having the appearance of one bowed down by sorrow and illness . “ Are you the captain of the Philadelphia schooner that is on the point of sailing ? ” enquired he in a trembling , anxious voice . The seaman looked hard in the young man 's face , and answered in the affirmative . The stranger 's eye sparkled . “ Can I have a passage for myself , a friend , and two children ? ” demanded he . The sailor hesitated before he replied , and again scanned his interlocutor from head to foot with his keen grey eyes . There was something inconsistent , not to say suspicious , in the whole appearance of the stranger . His cloak was stained and shabby , and his words humble ; but there was a fire in his eye that flashed forth seemingly in spite of himself , and his voice had that particular tone which the habit of command alone gives . The result of the sailor 's scrutiny was apparently unfavourable , and he shook his head negatively . The young man gasped for breath , and drew a well-filled purse from his bosom . “ I will pay beforehand , ” said he , “ I will pay whatever you ask . ” The American started ; the contrast was too great between the heavy purse and large offers and the beggarly exterior of the applicant . He shook his head more decidedly than before . The stranger bit his lip till the blood came , his breast heaved , his whole manner was that of one who abandons himself to despair . The sailor felt a touch of compassion . “ Young man , ” said he in Spanish , “ you are no merchant . What do you want at Philadelphia ? ” “ I want to go to Philadelphia . Here is my passage money , here my pass . You are captain of the schooner . What do you require more ? ” There was a wild vehemence in the tone and manner in which these words were spoken , that indisposed the seaman still more against his would-be passenger . Again he shook his head , and was about to pass on . The young man seized his arm . “ Por el amor de Dios , Capitan , take me with you . Take my unhappy wife and my poor children . ” “ Wife and children ! ” repeated the captain . “ Have you a wife and children ? ” The stranger groaned . “ You have committed no crime ? you are not flying from the arm of justice ? ” asked the American sharply . “ So may God help me , no crime whatever have I committed , ” replied the young man , raising his hand towards heaven . “ In that case I will take you . Keep your money till you are on board . In an hour at furthest I weigh anchor . ” The stranger answered nothing , but as if relieved from some dreadful anxiety , drew a deep breath , and with a grateful look to heaven , hurried from the spot . When Captain Ready , of the smart-sailing Baltimore-built schooner , “ The Speedy Tom , ” returned on board his vessel , and descended into the cabin , he was met by his new passenger , on whose arm was hanging a lady of dazzling beauty and grace . She was very plainly dressed , as were also two beautiful children who accompanied her ; but their clothes were of the finest materials , and the elegance of their appearance contrasted strangely with the rags and wretchedness of their husband and father . Lying on a chest , however , Captain Ready saw a pelisse and two children 's cloaks of the shabbiest description , and which the new-comers had evidently just taken off . The seaman 's suspicions returned at all this disguise and mystery , and a doubt again arose in his mind as to the propriety of taking passengers who came on board under such equivocal circumstances . A feeling of compassion , however , added to the graceful manners and sweet voice of the lady , decided him to persevere in his original intention ; and politely requesting her to make herself at home in the cabin , he returned on deck . Ten minutes later the anchor was weighed , and the schooner in motion . The sun had risen and dissipated the morning mist . Some distance astern of the now fast-advancing schooner rose the streets and houses of the Havannah , and the forest of masts occupying its port ; to the right frowned the castle of the Molo , whose threatening embrasures the vessel was rapidly approaching . The husband and wife stood upon the cabin stairs , gazing , with breathless anxiety , at the fortress . As the schooner arrived opposite the castle , a small postern leading out upon the jetty was opened , and an officer and six soldiers issued forth . Four men , who had been lying on their oars in a boat at the jetty stairs , sprang up . The soldiers jumped in , and the rowers pulled in the direction of the schooner . “ Jesus Maria y Jos é! ” exclaimed the lady . “ Madre de Dios ! ” groaned her husband . At this moment the fort made a signal . “ Up with the helm ! ” shouted Captain Ready . The schooner rounded to ; the boat came flying over the water , and in a few moments was alongside . The soldiers and their commander stepped on board . The latter was a very young man , possessed of a true Spanish countenance — grave and stern . In few words he desired the captain to produce his ship 's papers , and parade his seamen and passengers . The papers were handed to him without an observation ; he glanced his eye over them , inspected the sailors one after the other , and then looked in the direction of the passengers , who at length came on deck , the stranger carrying one of the children and his wife the other . The Spanish officer started . “ Do you know that you have a state-criminal on board ? ” thundered he to the captain . “ What is the meaning of this ? ” “ Santa Virgen ! ” exclaimed the lady , and fell fainting into her husband 's arms . There was a moment 's deep silence . All present seemed touched by the misfortunes of this youthful pair . The young officer sprang to the assistance of the husband , and relieving him of the child , enabled him to give his attention to his wife , whom he laid gently down upon the deck . “ I am grieved at the necessity , ” said the officer , “ but you must return with me . ” The American captain , who had been contemplating this scene apparently quite unmoved , now ejected from his mouth a huge quid of tobacco , replaced it by another , and then stepping up to the officer , touched him on the arm , and offered him the pass he had received from his passengers . The Spaniard waved him back almost with disgust . There was , in fact , something very unpleasant in the apathy and indifference with which the Yankee contemplated the scene of despair and misery before him . Such cold-bloodedness appeared premature and unnatural in a man who could not yet have seen more than five-and-twenty summers . A close observer , however , would have remarked that the muscles of his face were beginning to be agitated by a slight convulsive twitching , when , at that moment , his mate stepped up to him and whispered something . Approaching the Spaniard for the second time , Ready invited him to partake of a slight refreshment in his cabin , a courtesy which it is usual for the captains of merchant vessels to pay to the visiting officer . The Spaniard accepted , and they went below . The steward was busy covering the cabin table with plates of Boston crackers , olives , and almonds , and he then uncorked a bottle of fine old Madeira that looked like liquid gold as it gurgled into the glasses . Captain Ready seemed quite a different person in the cabin and on deck . Throwing aside his dry say-little manner , he was good-humour and civility personified , as he lavished on his guest all those obliging attentions which no one better knows the use of than a Yankee when he wishes to administer a dose of what he would call “ soft sawder . ” Ready soon persuaded the officer of his entire guiltlessness in the unpleasant affair that had just occurred , and the Spaniard told him by no means to make himself uneasy , that the pass had been given for another person , and that the prisoner was a man of great importance , whom he considered himself excessively lucky to have been able to recapture . Most Spaniards like a glass of Madeira , particularly when olives serve as the whet . The American 's wine was first-rate , and the other seemed to find himself particularly comfortable in the cabin . He did not forget , however , to desire that the prisoner 's baggage might be placed in the boat , and , with a courteous apology for leaving him a moment , Captain Ready hastened to give the necessary orders . When the captain reached the deck , a heart-rending scene presented itself to him . His unfortunate passenger was seated on one of the hatchways , despair legibly written on his pale features . The eldest child had climbed up on his knee , and looked wistfully into its father 's face , and his wife hung round his neck sobbing audibly . A young negress , who had come on board with them , held the other child , an infant a few months old , in her arms . Ready took the prisoner 's hand . “ I hate tyranny , ” said he , “ as every American must . Had you confided your position to me a few hours sooner , I would have got you safe off . But now I see nothing to be done . We are under the cannon of the fort , that could sink us in ten seconds . Who and what are you ? Say quickly , for time is precious . ” “ I am a Columbian by birth , ” replied the young man , “ an officer in the patriot army . I was taken prisoner at the battle of Cachiri , and brought to the Havannah with several companions in misfortune . My wife and children were allowed to follow me , for the Spaniards were not sorry to have one of the first families of Columbia entirely in their power . Four months I lay in a frightful dungeon , with rats and venomous reptiles for my only companions . It is a miracle that I am still alive . Out of seven hundred prisoners , but a handful of emaciated objects remain to testify to the barbarous cruelty of our captors . A fortnight back they took me out of my prison , a mere skeleton , in order to preserve my life , and quartered me in a house in the city . Two days ago , however , I heard that I was to return to the dungeon . It was my death-warrant , for I was convinced I could not live another week in that frightful cell . A true friend , in spite of the danger , and by dint of gold , procured me a pass that had belonged to a Spaniard dead of the yellow fever . By means of that paper , and by your assistance , we trusted to escape . Capitan ! ” said the young man , starting to his feet , and clasping Ready 's hand , his hollow sunken eye gleaming wildly as he spoke , “ my only hope is in you . If you give me up I am a dead man , for I have sworn to perish rather than return to the miseries of my prison . I fear not death — I am a soldier ; but alas for my poor wife , my helpless , deserted children ! ” The Yankee captain passed his hand across his forehead with the air of a man who is puzzled , then turned away without a word , and walked to the other end of the vessel . Giving a glance upwards and around him that seemed to take in the appearance of the sky , and the probabilities of good or bad weather , he ordered some of the sailors to bring the luggage of the passenger upon deck , but not to put it into the boat . He told the steward to give the soldiers and boatmen a couple of bottles of rum , and then , after whispering for a few seconds in the ear of his mate , he approached the cabin stairs . As he passed the Columbian family , he said in a low voice , and without looking at them , “ Trust in him who helps when need is at the greatest . ” Scarcely had he uttered the words , when the Spanish officer sprang up the cabin stairs , and as soon as he saw the prisoners , ordered them into the boat . Ready , however , interfered , and begged him to allow his unfortunate passenger to take a farewell glass before he left the vessel . To this young officer good naturedly consented , and himself led the way into the cabin . They took their places at the table , and the captain opened a fresh bottle , at the very first glass of which the Spaniard 's eye glistened , his lips smacked . The conversation became more and more lively ; Ready spoke Spanish fluently , and gave proof of a jovialty which no one would have suspected to form a part of his character , dry and saturnine as his manner usually was . A quarter of an hour or more had passed in this way , when the schooner gave a sudden lurch , and the glasses and bottles jingled and clattered together on the table . The Spaniard started up . “ Captain ! ” cried he furiously , “ the schooner is sailing ! ” “ Certainly , ” replied the captain , very coolly . “ You surely did not expect , Se ñ or , that we were going to miss the finest breeze that ever filled a sail . ” Without answering , the officer rushed upon deck , and looked in the direction of the Molo . They had left the fort full two miles behind them . The Spaniard literally foamed at the mouth . “ Soldiers ! ” vociferated he , “ seize the captain and the prisoners . We are betrayed . And you , steersman , put about . ” And betrayed they assuredly were ; for while the officer had been quaffing his Madeira , and the soldiers and boatmen regaling themselves with the steward 's rum , sail had been made on the vessel without noise or bustle , and , favoured by the breeze , she was rapidly increasing her distance from land . Meantime Ready preserved the utmost composure . “ Betrayed ! ” repeated he , replying to the vehement ejaculation of the Spaniard . “ Thank God we are Americans , and have no trust to break , nothing to betray . As to this prisoner of yours , however , he must remain here . ” “ Here ! ” sneered the Spaniard — “ We 'll soon see about that you treacherous ” — “ Here , ” quietly interrupted the captain . “ Do not give yourself needless trouble , Se ñ or ; your soldiers ’ guns are , as you perceive , in our hands , and my six sailors well provided with pistols and cutlasses . We are more than a match for your ten , and at the first suspicious movement you make , we fire on you . ” The officer looked around , and became speechless when he beheld the soldiers ’ muskets piled upon the deck , and guarded by two well armed and determined-looking sailors . “ You would not dare ” — exclaimed he . “ Indeed would I , ” replied Ready ; “ but I hope you will not force me to it . You must remain a few hours longer my guest , and then you can return to port in your boat . You will get off with a month 's arrest , and as compensation , you will have the satisfaction of having delivered a brave enemy from despair and death . ” The officer ground his teeth together , but even yet he did not give up all hopes of getting out of the scrape . Resistance was evidently out of the question , his men 's muskets being in the power of the Americans who , with cocked pistols and naked cutlasses , stood on guard over them . The soldiers themselves did not seem very full of fight , and the boatmen were negroes , and consequently non-combatants . But there were several trincadores and armed cutters cruising about , and if he could manage to hail or make a signal to one of them , the schooner would be brought to , and the tables turned . He gazed earnestly at a sloop that just then crossed them at no great distance , staggering in towards the harbour under press of sail . The American seemed to read his thoughts . “ Do me the honour , Se ñ or , ” said be , “ to partake of a slight dejeuner - à - la fourchette in the cabin . We will also hope for the pleasure of your company at dinner . Supper you will probably eat at home . ” And so saying , he motioned courteously towards the cabin stairs . The Spaniard looked in the seaman 's face , and read in its decided expression , and in the slight smile of intelligence that played upon it , that he must not hope either to resist or outwit his polite but peremptory entertainer . So , making a virtue of necessity , he descended into the cabin . The joy of the refugees at finding themselves thus unexpectedly rescued from the captivity they so much dreaded , may be more easily imagined than described . They remained for some time without uttering a word ; but the tears of the lady , and the looks of heartfelt gratitude of her husband were the best thanks they could offer their deliverer . On went the schooner ; fainter and fainter grew the outline of the land , till at length it sank under the horizon , and nothing was visible but the castle of the Molo and the topmasts of the vessels riding at anchor off the Havannah . They were twenty miles from land , far enough for the safety of the fugitive , and as far as it was prudent for those to come who had to return to port in an open boat . Ready 's good-humour and hearty hospitality had reconciled him with the Spaniard , who seemed to have forgotten the trick that had been played him , and the punishment he would incur for having allowed himself to be entrapped . He shook the captain 's hand as he stepped over the side , the negroes dipped their oars into the water , and in a short time the boat was seen from the schooner as a mere speck upon the vast expanse of ocean . The voyage was prosperous , and in eleven days the vessel reached its destination . The Columbian officer , his wife and children , were received with the utmost kindness and hospitality by the young and handsome wife of Captain Ready , in whose house they took up their quarters . They remained there two months , living in the most retired manner , with the double object of economizing their scanty resources , and of avoiding the notice of the Philadelphians , who at that time viewed the patriots of Southern America with no very favourable eye . The insurrection against the Spaniards had injured the commerce between the United States and the Spanish colonies , and the purely mercantile and lucre-loving spirit of the Philadelphians made them look with dislike on any persons or circumstances who caused a diminution of their trade and profits . At the expiration of the above-mentioned time , an opportunity offered of a vessel going to Marguerite , then the headquarters of the patriots , and the place where the first expeditions were formed under Bolivar against the Spaniards . Estoval ( that was the name by which the Columbian officer was designated in his passport ) gladly seized the opportunity , and taking a grateful and affectionate leave of his deliverer , embarked with his wife and children . They had been several days at sea before they remembered that they had forgotten to tell their American friends their real name . The latter had never enquired it , and the Estovals being accustomed to address one another by their Christian names , it had never been mentioned . Meantime , the good seed Captain Ready had sown , brought the honest Yankee but a sorry harvest . His employers had small sympathy with the feelings of humanity that had induced him to run the risk of carrying off a Spanish state-prisoner from under the guns of a Spanish battery . Their correspondents at the Havannah had had some trouble and difficulty on account of the affair , and had written to Philadelphia to complain of it . Ready lost his ship , and could only obtain from his employers certificates of character of so ambiguous and unsatisfactory a nature , that for a long time he found it impossible to get the command of another vessel . In the autumn of 1824 , I left Baltimore as supercargo of the brig Perverance , Captain Ready . Proceeding to the Havannah , we discharged our cargo , took in another , partly on our own account , partly on that of the Spanish government , and sailed for Callao on the 1st December , exactly eight days before the celebrated battle of Ayacucho dealt the finishing blow to Spanish rule on the southern continent of America , and established the independence of Peru . The Spaniards , however , still held the fortress of Callao , which , after having been taken by Martin and Cochrane four years previously , had again been treacherously delivered up , and was now blockaded by sea and land by the patriots , under the command of General Hualero , who had marched an army from Columbia to assist the cause of liberty in Peru . Of all these circumstances we were ignorant , until we arrived within a few leagues of the port of Callao . Then we learned them from a vessel that spoke us , but we still advanced , hoping to find an opportunity to slip in . In attempting to do so , we were seized by one of the blockading vessels , and the captain and myself taken out and sent to Lima . We were allowed to take our personal property with us , but of brig or cargo we heard nothing for some time . I was not a little uneasy ; for the whole of my savings during ten years ’ clerkship in the house of a Baltimore merchant were embarked in the form of a venture on board the Perseverance . The captain , who had a fifth of the cargo , and was half owner of the brig , took things very philosophically , and passed his days with a penknife and stick in his hand , whittling away , Yankee fashion ; and when he had chapped up his stick , he would set to work notching and hacking the first chair , bench , or table that came under his hand . If any one spoke to him of the brig , he would grind his teeth a little , but said nothing , and whittled away harder than ever . This was his character , however . I had known him for five years that he had been in the employ of the same house as myself , and he had always passed for a singularly reserved and taciturn man . During our voyage , whole weeks had sometimes elapsed without his uttering a word except to give the necessary orders . In spite of his peculiarities , Captain Ready was generally liked by his brother captains , and by all who knew him . When he did speak , his words ( perhaps the more prized on account of their rarity ) were always listened to with attention . There was a benevolence and mildness in the tones of his voice that rendered it quite musical , and never failed to prepossess in his favour all those who heard him , and to make them forget the usual sullenness of his manner . During the whole time he had sailed for the Baltimore house , he had shown himself a model of trustworthiness and seamanship , and enjoyed the full confidence of his employers . It was said , however , that his early life had not been irreproachable ; that when he first , and as a very young man , had command of a Philadelphian ship , something had occurred which had thrown a stain upon his character . What this was , I had never heard very distinctly stated . He had favoured the escape of a malefactor , ensnared some officers who were sent on board his vessel to seize him . All this was very vague , but what was positive was the fact , that the owners of the ship he then commanded , had had much trouble about the matter , and Ready himself remained long unemployed , until the rapid increase of trade between the United States and the infant republics of South America had caused seamen of ability to be in much request , and he had again obtained command of a vessel . We were seated one afternoon outside the French coffeehouse at Lima . The party consisted of seven or eight captains of merchant vessels that had been seized , and they were doing their best to kill the time , some smoking , others chewing , but nearly all with penknife and stick in hand , whittling as for a wager . On their first arrival at Lima , and adoption of this coffeehouse as a place of resort , the tables and chairs belonging to it seemed in a fair way to be cut to pieces by these indefatigable whittlers ; but the coffeehouse keeper had hit upon a plan to avoid such deterioration of his chattels , and had placed in every corner of the rooms bundles of sticks , at which his Yankee customers cut and notched , till the coffeehouse assumed the appearance of a carpenter 's shop . The costume and airs of the patriots , as they called themselves , were no small source of amusement to us . They strutted about in all the pride of their fire-new freedom , regular caricatures of soldiers . One would have on a Spanish jacket , part of the spoils of Ayacucho — another , an American one , which he had bought from some sailor — a third a monk 's robe , cut short , and fashioned into a sort of doublet . Here was a shako wanting a brim , in company with a gold-laced velvet coat of the time of Philip V .; there , a hussar jacket and an old-fashioned cocked hat . The volunteers were the best clothed , also in great part from the plunder of the battle of Ayacucho . Their uniforms were laden with gold and silver lace , and some of the officers , not satisfied with two epaulettes , had half-a-dozen hanging before and behind , as well as on their shoulders . As we sat smoking , whittling , and quizzing the patriots , a side-door of the coffeehouse was suddenly opened , and an officer came out whose appearance was calculated to give us a far more favourable opinion of South American militaires . He was a man about thirty years of age , plainly but tastefully dressed , and of that unassuming , engaging demeanour which is so often found the companion of the greatest decision of character , and which contrasted with the martial deportment of a young man who followed him , and who , although in much more showy uniform , was evidently his inferior in rank . We bowed as he passed before us , and he acknowledged the salutation by raising his cocked hat slightly but courteously from his head . He was passing on when his eyes suddenly fell upon Captain Ready , who was standing a little on one side , notching away at his tenth or twelfth stick , and at that moment happened to look up . The officer started , gazed earnestly at Ready for the space of a moment , and then , with delight expressed on his countenance , sprang forward , and clasped him in his arms . “ Captain Ready ! ” “ That is my name , ” quietly replied the captain . “ Is it possible you do not know me ? ” exclaimed the officer . Ready looked hard at him , and seemed a little in doubt . At last he shook his head . “ You do not know me ? ” repeated the other , almost reproachfully , and then whispered something in his ear . It was now Ready 's turn to start and look surprised . A smile of pleasure lit up his countenance as he grasped the hand of the officer , who took his arm and dragged him away into the house . A quarter of an hour elapsed , during which we lost ourselves in conjectures as to who this acquaintance of Ready 's could be . At the end of that time the captain and his new ( or old ) friend re-appeared . The latter walked away , and we saw him enter the government house , while Ready joined us , as silent and phlegmatic as ever , and resumed his stick and penknife . In reply to our enquiries as to who the officer was , he only said that he belonged to the army besieging Callao , and that he had once made a voyage as his passenger . This was all the information we could extract from our taciturn friend ; but we saw plainly that the officer was somebody of importance , from the respect paid him by the soldiers and others whom he met . The morning following this incident we were sitting over our chocolate , when an orderly dragoon came to ask for Captain Ready . The captain went out to speak to him , and presently returning , went on with his breakfast very deliberately . When he had done , he asked me if I were inclined for a little excursion out of the town , which would , perhaps , keep us a couple of days away . I willingly accepted , heartily sick as I was of the monotonous life we were leading . We packed up our valises , took our pistols and cutlasses , and went out . To my astonishment the orderly was waiting at the door with two magnificent Spanish chargers , splendidly accoutred . They were the finest horses I had seen in Peru , and my curiosity was strongly excited to know who had sent them , and whither we were going . To my questions , Ready replied that we were going to visit the officer whom he had spoken to on the preceding day , and who was with the besieging army , and had once been his passenger , but he declared he did not know his name or rank . We had left the town about a mile behind us , when we heard the sound of cannon in the direction we were approaching ; it increased as we went on , and about a mile further we met a string of carts , full of wounded , going in to Lima . Here and there we caught sight of parties of marauders , who disappeared as soon as they saw our orderly . I felt a great longing and curiosity to witness the fight that was evidently going on — not , however , that I was particularly desirous of taking share in it , or putting myself in the way of the bullets . My friend the captain jogged on by my side , taking little heed of the roar of the cannon , which to him was no novelty ; for having passed his life at sea , he had had more than one encounter with pirates and other rough customers , and been many times under the fire of batteries , running in and out of blockaded American ports . His whole attention was now engrossed by the management of his horse , which was somewhat restive , and he , like most sailors , was a very indifferent rider . On reaching the top of a small rising ground , we beheld to the left the dark frowning bastions of the fort , and to the right the village of Bella Vista , which , although commanded by the guns of Callao , had been chosen as the headquarters of the besieging army — the houses being , for the most part , built of huge blocks of stone , and offering sufficient resistance to the balls . The orderly pointed out to us the various batteries , and especially one which was just completed , and was situated about three hundred yards from the fortress . It had not yet been used , and was still masked from the enemy by some houses which stood just in its front . While we were looking about us , Ready 's horse , irritated by the noise of the firing , the flashes of the guns , and perhaps more than any thing by the captain 's bad riding , became more and more unmanageable , and at last taking the bit between his teeth started off at a mad gallop , closely followed by myself and the orderly , to whose horses the panic seemed to have communicated itself . The clouds of dust raised by the animals ’ feet , prevented us from seeing whither we were going . Suddenly there was an explosion that seemed to shake the very earth under us , and Ready , the orderly , and myself , lay sprawling with our horses on the ground . Before we could collect our senses and get up , we were nearly deafened by a tremendous roar of artillery close to us , and at the same moment a shower of stones and fragments of brick and mortar clattered about our ears . The orderly was stunned by his fall ; I was bruised and bewildered . Ready was the only one who seemed in no ways put out , and with his usual phlegm , extricating himself from under his horse , he came to our assistance . I was soon on my legs , and endeavouring to discover the cause of all this uproar . Our unruly steeds had brought us close to the new battery , at the very moment that the train of a mine under the houses in front of it had been fired . The instant the obstacle was removed , the artillerymen had opened a tremendous fire on the fort . The Spaniards were not slow to return the compliment , and fortunate it was that a solid fragment of wall intervened between us and their fire , or all our troubles about the brig , and every thing else , would have been at an end . Already upwards of twenty balls had struck the old broken wall . Shot and shell were flying in every direction , the smoke was stifling , the uproar indescribable . It was so dark with the smoke and dust from the fallen houses , that we could not see an arm 's length before us . The captain asked two or three soldiers who were hurrying by , where the battery was ; but they were in too great haste to answer , and it was only when the smoke cleared away a little , that we discovered we were not twenty paces from it . Ready seized my arm , and pulling me with him , I the next moment found myself standing beside a gun , under cover of the breastworks . The battery consisted of thirty , twenty-four , and thirty-six pounders , served with a zeal and courage which far exceeded any thing I had expected to find in the patriot army . The fellows were really more than brave , they were foolhardy . They danced rather than walked round the guns , and exhibited a contempt of death that could not well be surpassed . As to drawing the guns back from the embrasures while they loaded them , they never dreamed of such a thing . They stood jeering and scoffing the Spaniards , and bidding them take better aim . It must be remembered , that this was only three months after the battle of Ayacucho , the greatest feat of arms which the South American patriots had achieved during the whole of their protracted struggle with Spain . That victory had literally electrified the troops , and inspired them with a courage and contempt of their enemy , that frequently showed itself , as on this occasion , in acts of the greatest daring and temerity . At the gun by which Ready and myself took our stand , half the artillerymen were already killed , and we had scarcely come there , when a cannon shot took the head off a man standing close to me . The wind of the ball was so great that I believe it would have suffocated me , had I not fortunately been standing sideways in the battery . At the same moment , something hot splashed over my neck and face , and nearly blinded me . I looked , and saw the man lying without his head before me . I cannot describe the sickening feeling that came over me . It was not the first man I had seen killed in my life , but it was the first whose blood and brains had spurted into my face . My knees shook and my head swam ; I was obliged to lean against the wall , or I should have fallen . Another ball fell close beside me , and strange to say , it brought me partly to myself again ; and by the time a third and fourth had bounced into the battery , I began to take things pretty coolly — my heart beating rather quicker than usual , I acknowledge ; but , nevertheless , I began to find an indescribable sort of pleasure , a mischievous joy , if I may so call it , in the peril and excitement of the scene . Whilst I was getting over my terrors , my companion was moving about the battery with his usual sang-froid , reconnoitring the enemy . He ran no useless risk , kept himself well behind the breastworks , stooping down when necessary , and taking all proper care of himself . When he had completed his reconnoissance , he , to my no small astonishment , took off his coat and neck-handkerchief , the latter of which he tied tight round his waist , then taking a rammer from the hand of a soldier who had just fallen , he ordered , or rather signed to the artilleryman to draw the gun back . There was something so cool and decided in his manner , that they obeyed without testifying any surprise at his interference , and as though he had been one of their own officers . He loaded the piece , had it drawn forward again , pointed and fired it . He then went to the next gun and did the same thing there . He seemed so perfectly at home in the battery , that nobody ever dreamed of disputing his authority , and the two guns were entirely under his direction . I had now got used to the thing myself , so I went forward and offered my services , which , in the scarcity of men , ( so many having been killed ,) were not to be refused , and I helped to draw the guns backwards and forward , and load them . The captain kept running from one to the other , pointing them , and admirably well too ; for every shot took effect within a circumference of a few feet on the bastion in front of us . This lasted nearly an hour , at the end of which time the fire was considerably slackened , for the greater part of our guns had become unserviceable . Only about a dozen kept up the fire , ( the ball , I was going to say ,) and amongst them were the two that Ready commanded . He had given them time to cool after firing , whereas most of the others , in their desperate haste and eagerness , had neglected that precaution . Although the patriots had now been fifteen years at war with the Spaniards , they were still very indifferent artillerymen — for artillery had little to do in most of their fights , which were generally decided by cavalry and infantry , and even in that of Ayacucho there were only a few small field-pieces in use on either side . The mountainous nature of the country , intersected , too , by mighty rivers , and the want of good roads , were the reasons of the insignificant part played by the artillery in these wars . Whilst we were thus hard at work , who should enter the battery but the very officer we had left Lima to visit ? He was attended by a numerous staff , and was evidently of very high rank . He stood a little back , watching every movement of Captain Ready , and rubbing his hands with visible satisfaction . Just at that moment the captain fired one of the guns , and , as the smoke cleared away a little , we saw the opposite bastion rock , and then sink down into the moat . A joyous hurra greeted its fall , and the general and his staff sprang forward . It would be necessary to have witnessed the scene that followed in order to form any adequate idea of the mad joy and enthusiasm of its actors . The general seized Ready in his arms , and eagerly embraced him , then almost threw him to one of his officers , who performed the like ceremony , and , in his turn , passed him to a third . The imperturbable captain flew , or was tossed , like a ball , from one to the other . I also came in for my share of the embraces . I thought them all stark-staring mad ; and , indeed , I do not believe they were far from it . The balls were still hailing into the battery ; one of them cut a poor devil of an orderly nearly in two , but no notice was taken of such trifles . It was a curious scene enough ; the cannon-balls bouncing about our ears — the ground under our feet slippery with blood — wounded and dying lying on all sides — and we ourselves pushed and passed about from the arms of one black-bearded fellow into those of another . There was something thoroughly exotic , completely South American and tropical , in this impromptu . Strange to say , now that the breach was made , and a breach such that a determined regiment , assisted by well-directed fire of artillery , could have had no difficulty in storming the town , there was no appearance of any disposition to profit by it . The patriots seemed quite contented with what had been done ; most of the officers left the batteries , and the thing was evidently over for the day . I knew little of Spanish Americans then , or I should have felt less surprised than I did at their not following up their advantage . It was not from want of courage ; for it was impossible to have exhibited more than they had done that morning . But they had had their moment of fury , of wild energy and exertion , and the other side of the national character , indolence , now showed itself . After fighting like devils , at the very moment when activity was of most importance , they lay down and took the si è sta . We were about leaving the battery , with the intention of visiting some of the others , when our orderly came up in all haste , with orders to conduct us to the general 's quarters . We followed him , and soon reached a noble villa , at the door of which a guard was stationed . Here we were given over to a sort of major-domo , who led us through a crowd of aides-de-camp , staff-officers , and orderlies , to a chamber , whither our valises had preceded us . We were desired to make haste with our toilet , as dinner would be served so soon as his Excellency returned from the batteries ; and , indeed , we had scarcely changed our dress , and washed the blood and smoke from our persons , when the major-domo re-appeared , and announced the general 's return . Dinner was laid out in a large saloon , in which some sixty officers were assembled when we entered it . With small regard to etiquette , and not waiting for the general to welcome us , they all sprang to meet us with a “ Buen venidos , capitanes ! ” The dinner was such as might be expected at the table of a general commanded at the same time an army and the blockade of a much-frequented port . The most delicious French and Spanish wines were there in the greatest profusion ; the conviviality of the guests was unbounded , but although they drank their champagne out of tumblers , no one showed the smallest symptom of inebriety . The first toast given , was — Bolivar . The second — Sucre . The third — The Battle of Ayacucho . The fourth — Union between Columbia and Peru . The fifth — Hualero . The general rose to return thanks , and we now , for the first time , knew his name . He raised his glass , and spoke , evidently with much emotion . “ Senores ! Amigos ! ” said he , “ that I am this day amongst you , and able to thank you for your kindly sentiments towards your general and brother in arms , is owing , under Providence , to the good and brave stranger whose acquaintance you have only this day made , but who is one of my oldest and best friends . ” And so saying he left his place , and approaching Captain Ready , affectionately embraced him . The seaman 's iron features lost their usual imperturbability , and his lips quivered as he stammered out the two words — “ Amigo siempre . ” The following day we passed in the camp , and the one after returned to Lima , the general insisting on our taking up our quarters in his house . From Hualero and his lady I learned the origin of the friendship existing between the distinguished Columbian general and my taciturn Yankee captain . It was the honourable explanation of the mysterious stain upon Ready 's character . Our difficulties regarding the brig were now soon at an end . The vessel and cargo were returned to us , with the exception of a large quantity of cigars belonging to the Spanish government . These were , of course , confiscated , but the general bought them , and made them a present to Captain Ready , who sold them by auction ; and cigars being in no small demand amongst that tobacco-loving population , they fetched immense prices , and put thirty thousand dollars into my friend 's pocket . To be brief , at the end of three weeks we sailed from Lima , and in a vastly better humour than when we arrived there . WOMAN 'S RIGHTS AND DUTIES . BY A WOMAN . “ Chose é trange d'aimer , et que pour ces maitresses , Les hommes soient sujets à de telles foiblesses — Tout le monde connoit leur imperfection , Ce n'est qu'extravagance et qu'indiscr é tion . Leur esprit est m é chant , et leur â me fragile , Il n'est rien de plus foible et de plus imb é cille , Rien de plus infid è le — et malgr è tout cela , Dans le monde on fait tout pour ces animaux-l à. ” Ecole des Femmes . Such is the language of disappointment — but although a careful examination of ancient and modern manners might lead to a different conclusion , ( for as the corruption of excessive refinement ends by placing her in the first condition , so does the brutal assertion of physical superiority begin by degrading her to the last ,) woman is , we firmly believe , neither intended for a tyrant nor a slave — Not a slave , for till she is raised above the condition of a beast of burden , man , her companion , must continue barbarous — Not a tyrant , for terrible as are the evils of irresponsible authority , with whomsoever it may be vested , in her hands it becomes the most tremendous instrument that Providence in its indignation can employ to crush , degrade , and utterly to paralyze the nations within its reach . The former position will readily be conceded ; and the history of Rome under the Emperors , or of France during the last century , affords but too striking an exemplification of the second . It is , then , of the last importance to society , that clear and accurate notions should prevail among us concerning the education of a being on whom all its refinement , and much of its prosperity , must depend . It is of the last importance , not only that the absurd notions which half-a-century ago deprived English ladies of education altogether , should be consigned to everlasting oblivion and contempt — not only that the system to which France is indebted for its Du Deffauds , Pompadours , and Du Barrys should be extinguished , but that principles well adapted to the habits and intelligence of man , in the most civilized state in which he has ever yet existed , should prevail among us , should float upon the very atmosphere we breathe , and be circulated in every vein that traverses the mighty fabric of society . Therefore it is , because we are deeply impressed with this conviction , that we hail with delight the appearance of a work so profound , eloquent , and judicious ; combining in so rare an union so many kinds of excellence , as that which we now propose to the consideration of our readers . Since the days of Smith and Montesquieu , no more valuable addition has been made to moral science ; and though the good taste and modesty of its author , has induced her to put , in the least obtrusive form , the wisdom and erudition — the least fragment of which would have furnished forth a host of modern Sciolists with the most ostentatious paragraphs — the deep thought and nervous eloquence by which almost every page of the volume before us is illustrated , sufficiently establish her title to rank among the most distinguished writers of this age and country . If , indeed , we were ungrateful enough to quarrel with any part of a work , the perusal of which has afforded us so much gratification , we should be disposed ( in deference , however , rather to the opinions of others than our own ) to alter the title that is prefixed to it . Many a grave and pompous gentleman , who is “ free to confess , ” and “ does not hesitate to utter ” the dullest and most obvious commonplaces , would sit down to the perusal of a work entitled , “ On the Government of Dependencies , ” or “ Sermons on the Functions of Archdeacons and Rural Deans , ” though never so deficient in learning , vigour , and originality , who will reject with the supercilious ignorance of incurable stupidity , these volumes , in which the habits , the interests , the inalienable rights , the sacred duties of one half of the species , ( and of that half to which , at the most pliant and critical period of life , the health , the disposition , the qualities , moral and intellectual , of the other half must of necessity be confided ,) are discussed with exemplary fairness , and placed in the most luminous point of view . But we have detained our readers too long from the admirable work which it is our object to make known to them . It opens in the following manner :— “ It was once suggested by an eminent physiologist , that the greatest enjoyments of our animal nature might be those which , from their constancy , escape our notice altogether . “ His investigations had led him to think , that even the involuntary motions carried on in our system , were productive of pleasure ; and that the act of respiration was probably attended by a sensation as delightful as the gratifications of the palate . It is certain that every sense is a source of unnoticed pleasures . Sound and light are agreeable in themselves , before their varied combinations have produced music to our ear , or conveyed the perceptions of form to our mind . Innumerable are the emotions of pleasure conveyed to the imagination and the senses , by the endless diversities of form , colour , and sound ; and the unbought riches poured upon us from these sources , are more prolific of enjoyment , than any of the far-sought distinctions which stir the hopes and rivalries of men . Yet , on these and other spontaneous blessings , no one reflects , or even enumerates them among the sources of happiness , till some casual suspension of them revives sensibility to the delight they afford . “ Such are the lamentations , though rarely so eloquently uttered , which we daily hear on the loss of some possession , which , while held , was scarcely noticed ; and could preserve its owner , neither from the gloom of apathy , nor the irritation of discontent . “ Were it not for this , the necessary effect of habit both in the physical and moral world , women might be expected to live in daily and hourly exultation , who have been born in a Christian and civilized country . Whatever theorists may have thought occasionally of the happiness of men in barbarous or savage conditions , no doubt at all can be entertained as to that of women . It is civilization which has taken the yoke from their neck , the scourge from their back , and the burden from their shoulders . It is Christianity chiefly which has raised them from the state of slaves or menials to that of citizens , and compelled their rough and unresisted tyrants to call up law in their defence ; that potent spirit which they , who have evoked it , must ever after themselves submit to . Religion , which extends the sanctity of the marriage vow to the husband as well as to the wife , has rescued her from a condition in which her best and most tender affections were the source of her bitterest misery ; a condition in which her only escape from a sense of suffering too unremitting for nature to endure , was in that mental degradation which produces insensibility to wrong . The instances of primitive communities , in which such injustice has not prevailed , are too few and far between , to form any solid objection to the truth of this general picture . The mere increase of numbers infallibly obliterates the fair but feeble virtues that originate in nothing but ignorance of ill ; and the first inroads of want or discord , usually settle the doom of the weak and defenceless . In restoring to women their domestic dignity , religion has done more than every other cause towards shielding them from the consequences of weakness and dependence . From the dignified affections of the other sex , they have gradually acquired some social rights , and some share of that freedom , without which virtue itself can scarcely exist . Opinion , the offspring , not of resplendent genius , whose earliest fires burned indignantly against the tyrant and oppressor , but of a religion which preached the equality of all before God , has given them a share of those blessings , without which life is not worth possession . At length it has opened to them the portals of knowledge and wisdom , the gradual , but effective supports against degradation ; and has sanctified its gifts by withholding from them every license that leads to vice , every knowledge that detracts from their purity , and every profession that would expose them to insult . ” Then follows a masterly sketch of the condition of woman in uncivilized life , in which the subject is illustrated by the most apposite quotations from the works of different travellers and historians . It is the writer 's opinion that in uncivilized life , the degradation of woman , though common , is not universal . The celebrated passage in Tacitus is quoted in support of this position ; and among other less interesting extracts , is the following account of Galway by Hardiman , a country which , so great is the blessing of a paternal and judicious government , may furnish , in the nineteenth century , illustrations of uncivilized life , equally picturesque and striking with those which Tacitus has recorded in his day as familiar among the inhabitants of Pagan Germany . “ This colony , from time immemorial , has been ruled by one of their own body , periodically elected , who somewhat resembled the Brughaid or head village of ancient times , when every clan resided in its hereditary canton . This individual , who is decorated with the title of mayor , in imitation of the city , regulates the community according to their own peculiar customs and laws , and settles all fishery disputes . His decisions are so decisive , and so much respected , that the parties are seldom known to carry their differences before a legal tribunal , or to trouble the civil magistrate . They neither understand nor trouble themselves about politics , consequently , in the most turbulent times , their loyalty has never been questioned . Their mayor is no way distinguished from other villagers , except that his boat is decorated with a white sail , and may be seen when at sea , at which time he acts as admiral , with colours flying at the masthead , gliding through their fleet with some appearance of authority .... When on shore , they employ themselves in repairing their boats , sails , rigging , and cordage , in making , drying , and repairing their nets and spillets , in which latter part they are assisted by the women , who spin the hemp and yarn for their nets . In consequence of their strict attention to these particulars , very few accidents happen at sea , and lives are seldom lost . Whatever time remains after these avocations , they spend in regaling with whisky , and assembling in groups to discuss their maritime affairs , on which occasions they arrange their fishing excursions . When preparing for sea , hundreds of their women and children for days before crowd the strand , seeking for worms to bait the hooks . The men carry in their boats , potatoes , oaten cakes , fuel , and water , but never admit any spirituous liquors . Thus equipped , they depart for their fishing ground , and sometimes remain away several days . Their return is joyfully hailed by their wives and children , who meet them on the shore . The fish instantly becomes the property of the women , ( the men , after landing , never troubling themselves further about it ,) and they dispose of it to a poorer class of fishwomen , who retail it at market . “ The inhabitants of the Cloddagh are an unlettered race . They rarely speak English , and even their Irish they pronounce in a harsh , discordant tone , sometimes not intelligible to the townspeople . They are a contented , happy race , satisfied with their own society , and seldom ambitious of that of others . Strangers ( for whom they have an utter aversion ) are never suffered to reside among them . The women possess an unlimited control over their husbands , the produce of whose labour they exclusively manage , allowing the men little more money than suffices to keep the boat and tackle in repair ; but they keep them plentifully supplied with whisky , brandy , and tobacco . The women seldom speak English , but appear more shrewd and intelligent in their dealings than the men ; in their domestic concerns the general appearance of cleanliness is deserving of particular praise . The wooden ware , with which every dwelling is well stored , rivals in colour the whitest delft . “ At an early age they generally marry amongst their own clan . A marriage is commonly preceded by an elopement , but no disappointment or disadvantage from that circumstance has ever been known among them . The reconciliation with the friends usually takes place the next morning , the clergyman is sent for , and the marriage celebrated . The parents generally contrive to supply the price of a boat , or a share in one , as a beginning . ” The writer then proceeds , in a strain of generous yet chastened energy , to comment on the false measure which people apply to the sufferings of others . Insensibility to wretchedness , or , as in the vocabulary of oppression it is called , content , is often a proof of nothing but that stupefaction of the faculties which is the natural result of long and blighting misery . A contented slave is a degraded man . His sorrow may be gone , but so is his understanding . In the course of her enquiries into the condition of women under the Mahometan law , the author is led to make some reflections upon one by whom Mahometan manners were first presented in an attractive shape to the English public — a person celebrated for her friends , but still more celebrated for her enemies — known for her love , but famous for her hate — a girl without feeling , a woman without tenderness — a banished wife , a careless mother — on whom extraordinary wit , masculine sense , a clear judgment , and an ardent love of letters seem to have been lavished for no other purpose than to show that , without a good heart , they serve only to make their possessor the most contemptible of mankind . Lady Mary Wortley 's heart was the receptacle of all meanness and sensuality — the prey of a selfishness as intense as rank , riches , a bad education , natural malignity , and the extremes of good and bad fortune , ever engendered in the breast of woman . The remarks on her character , in the volume before us , are , as might be expected , excellent . The condition of women among the more polished nations of antiquity , is a subject which , if fully examined , would more than exhaust our narrow limits . It does not appear from Homer , says our author , that the condition of women was depressed . Achilles , in a very striking passage , declares that every wise and good man loves and is careful for his wife , and Hector , in the passage which Cicero is so fond of quoting , urges the opinion of “ Troy 's proud dames , whose garments sweep the ground , ” as a motive for his conduct . However this may be , certain it is , that the feelings and affections of domestic life are portrayed by Homer with a degree of purity , truth , and pathos , that casts every other writer , Virgil not excepted , into the shade ; and which , to carry the panegyric of human composition as far as it will go , he himself , in his most glorious passages , has never been able to surpass . It has been so long the fashion to represent Virgil as the sole master of the pathetic , that this assertion may appear to many paradoxical ; and it is undoubtedly true , that the fourth book of the Aeneid cannot he read by any one of common sensibility without strong emotion ; but how different is the lamentation of Andromache over her living husband , uttered in all the glow and consciousness of returned and “ twice blest ” love , from the raving of the slighted woman , abandoned by the lover whom she has too rashly trusted , and to whom she has too plainly become indifferent ! How different is the character of the patriot warrior , the prop and bulwark of his country , sacrificing his life to delay that ruin which he knew it was beyond his power to avert — snatching , amid the bloody scenes around him , a moment for the indulgence of a father 's pride and a husband 's tenderness , from the perfidious paramour flying from the vengeance of the woman he had wronged ! And how noble is the simplicity of Andromache , how affecting the appeal in which , after reminding her husband that all else to which she was bound had been swept away , she tells him that , while he remains , her other losses are unfelt ! Let us trace the episode . “ She had not gone , ” the poet tells us , “ to the mansions of her brothers or of her sisters , with their floating veils ; neither had she gone to the shrine of Minerva , where the Trojan women strove to appease the terrible wrath of the fair-haired goddess . No . She had gone to the lofty tower of Ilium , for she had heard that the Trojans were sore harassed , and that the force of the Greeks was mighty ; thither , like one bereft of reason , had she precipitated her steps , and the nurse followed with her child . ” Then follows that interview , which no one can read without passion , or think of without delight — that exquisite scene , in which the wife and mother pours out all her tenderness , her joy , her sadness , her pride , her terror , the memory of the past , and the presage of future sorrow , in an irresistible torrent of confiding love . Not less affecting is her husband 's answer . Conscious of his impending doom , he replies , that “ not the future misery of his countrymen , not that of Hecuba herself , and the royal Priam — not that of all his valiant brethren slain by their enemies , and trampled in the dust , give him such a pang as the thought of her distress . ” Then , as if to relieve his thoughts , he stretches out his hand towards his child , but the child shrinks backwards , scared at the brazen helm and waving crest — the father and the mother exchange a smile — Hector lays aside the blazing helmet , and , clasping his child in his arms , utters the noble prayer which Dryden has rendered with uncommon spirit and fidelity :— “ Parent of gods and men , propitious Jove , And you , bright synod of the powers above , On this my son your precious gifts bestow ; Grant him to love , and great in arms to grow , To reign in Troy , to govern with renown , To shield the people , and assert the crown : That when hereafter he from war shall come , And bring his Trojans peace and triumph home , Some aged man , who lives this act to see , And who in former times remember 'd me , May say , ‘ The son in fortitude and fame , Outgoes the mark , and drowns his father 's name ; ’ That at these words his mother may rejoice , And add her suffrage to the public voice . ” “ Thus having said , he placed the boy in the arms of his beloved wife , and she received him on her fragrant breast , sailing amid her tears ; ” her husband uttered a few words of melancholy consolation , “ and Andromache went homewards , weeping , and often turning as she went . ” There is but one passage in any work , ancient or modern , which can bear comparison with this , and that is one in the Odyssey , in which is described the meeting of Ulysses and Penelope ; and yet some unfortunate people , who write commentaries on the classics , only to show how completely nature has denied them the faculty of taste , affirm that these passages were written by different people . It is curious to what a pitch pedantry and dulness may be brought by diligent cultivation . As the fanatics of the East , to prove their continence , frequented the society of women under the most trying circumstances , so these gentlemen seem to study the writers of antiquity with the view of showing that their understandings are equally inaccessible . In one respect the analogy does not hold good . History tells us that the fanatics sometimes sunk under the temptations to which they exposed themselves ; but these gentlemen have never , in any one instance , yielded to the influence of taste or genius . Zenophon , in a beautiful treatise , has given an account of the manner in which an Athenian endeavoured to mould the character of his wife , and to this we would refer such of our readers as wish for more ample knowledge on the subject . There is one circumstance , however , which we the rather mention , as it has not found its way into the work before us , and as it furnishes the most conclusive and irresistible evidence of the value set upon matrimonial happiness at Athens , and of the servile vassalage to which women , in that most polished of all cities , were reduced . By the law of Athens , a father without sons might bequeath his property away from his daughter , but the person to whom the property was bequeathed was obliged to marry her . This was reasonable enough ; but the same principle , that of keeping the inheritance in the stock to which it belonged , occasioned another law — if the father left his estate to his daughter , and if the daughter inherited his property after the father 's death , her nearest male relation in the descending line , the [ Greek : agchioteus ] , might , though she was married to a living husband , lay claim to her , institute a suit for her recovery , force her from her husband 's arms , and make her his wife . Such a law must , alone , have been fatal to that domestic purity which we justly consider the basis of social happiness — the very word , [ Greek : hetairai ] , which the Athenians enjoyed to denote the most degraded of all women , if it proves the exquisite refinement of that wonderful people , serves also to show how different were the associations with which , among them , that class was connected . Can we wonder at this ? Under that glorious heaven , such women might , when they chose , behold the statues of Phidias and the pictures of Zeuxis ; they could listen to the wisdom of Socrates , or they might form part of the crowd , hushed in raptured silence , round the rhapsodist , as he recited the immortal lines of Homer — or round Demosthenes , as he poured upon a rival , worthy of himself , the burning torrent of his more than human eloquence . In their hearing the mightiest interests were discussed — the subtle questions of the Academy propounded — the snares of the sophist exposed — the sublime thoughts and actions of heroes and demigods , embodied in the most glorious poetry , were daily exhibited to their view ; while the wife , occupied solely with petty cares and trifling objects , without charms to win the love , or dignity to command the esteem , of her husband , was condemned , within the narrow walls of the Gynaeceum , ( of which the drawings of Herculaneum and Pompeii may enable us to form some notion ,) to drag out the insipid round of her monotonous existence . True the Hetairai were stigmatized by law — but , as opinion was on their side , they might well submit to legal condemnation and formal censure , when they saw every day the youth , the intellect , the eloquence , the philosophy , and the dignity of Athens crowding round their feet . At Rome , the wife was not subject to the same rigorous seclusion , she was not cut off from all possibility of improvement ; her influence was gradually felt , her rights were tacitly extended , and long after the letter of the law reduced her to the condition of a slave , she held and exercised the privileges of a citizen . At Rome , domestic virtues were more considered , domestic ties were held in great esteem . The family was the basis of the state . The existence of the Roman was not altogether public , it was not merely intellectual ; in what Grecian poet after Homer shall we find lines that convey such an idea of domestic happiness as these ?— “ Pr æ terea neque jam domus accipiet te l æ ta , neque uxor Optima , nec dulces occurrent oscula nati Pr æ ripere — et tacit â pectus dulcedinet tangent . ” There is no event to which women are more indebted for the improved situation they hold among us than the propagation of Christianity . It was reserved for religion to urge the weakness of woman as a reason for treating her , not with tenderness only , but with respect ; it was reserved for religion to bring the charities that are lovely in private life into public service ; to break down the barriers which had so long separated the husband from the citizen , and to pour around the private hearth the light which , up to the time of its revelation , had been reflected almost exclusively from the school of the philosopher or the forum of the republic , unless in a few rare and favoured instances when it had shed its radiance over the cell of the captive and the deathbed of the patriot . It was for religion to inculcate that purity of heart , without which mere forbearance from sensuality is a virtue which may be prized in the precincts of the seraglio , but to which true honour is almost indifferent . Nothing less powerful than such an influence prescribing a new life , and commanding its votaries to be new creatures , could have wrenched from their holdings prejudices as old as the society in which they flourished . Our limits will not allow us to descant at any length on the condition of women during the early ages of Christianity ; but we transcribe on this subject , from a recent work , a passage which we are sure our readers will peruse with pleasure . “ Ce qui rendit les moeurs des familles Chr é tiennes si graves , ce qui les conserva si chastes , c'est ce qui a toujours exerc é sur les moeurs en g é n é ral l'influence la plus profonde , l'exemple des femmes . Dou é es d'une delicatesse d'organes , qui rend , pour ainsi dire , leur intelligence plus accessible à la voix d'un monde sup é rieur , leur coeur plus sensible à toutes ces é motions qui enfantent les vertus , et qui é l è vent l'homme terrestre au-dessus de la sph è re é troite de la vie pr é sente , les femmes , é trang è res à l'histoire des travaux speculatifs du genre humain , sont toujours , dans les r é volutions morales et religieuses , les premi è res à saisir , et à propager ce qui est grand , beau , et c é leste . Avec une chaleur entrainante elles embrass è rent la cause Chr é tienne , et s'y d é vou è rent en h é roines , depuis l'annonciation du Sauveur jusqu 'à sa mort ; en effet , elles furent les premi è res aux pieds de sa croix , les premi è res à son s é pulcre . Pr é sentant avec leur tact si prompt et si fin , tout ce que cette cause leur d é ferait d 'é l é vation morale et d'avantages sociaux , elles s'y attach è rent avec un int é r ê t toujours croissant . Depuis les saintes femmes de l 'é vangile et la marchande de pourpre de Thyatire jusqu 'à l'imp é ratrice H é l è ne , elles furent les protectrices les plus z é l é es des id é es Chr é tiennes . Leur z è le ne fut point sans sacrifices , mais avec empressement elles renonc è rent à leurs go û ts les plus chers , à la parure et aux é l é gances du luxe , pour rivaliser avec les hommes les plus sages de la soci é t é Chr é tienne . Quelques rares exceptions ne se font remarquer que pour relever tant de m é rite . ” — Matter , Hist . du Christianime , Vol . I . “ The tendency of this creed , ” to use the words of our author , “ is to direct the aim and purposes of mankind to whatever can exalt human nature and improve human happiness . It represents us as gardeners in a vineyard , or servants entrusted with a variety of means , who are not ‘ to keep their talent in a napkin , ’ but to exert their skill and ingenuity to employ it to the best advantage . The moral principles themselves are fixed and unchangeable ; but their application to the circumstances by which we are surrounded , must depend very much on the degree in which reason has been exercised . By no imaginable instruction could the mind be so tutored , as to see through all the errors and prejudices of its times at once , but the principles possess in themselves a power of progression . The generosity of one time will be but justice in another ; the temperance that brings respect and distinction in one age , will be but decorum in one more civilized , yet the principles are at all times the same . ” It is difficult to read without a smile some of the passages in which the dress and manners of the first ages are described by the Fathers of the Church ; the fair hair , ( our classical readers will recollect the “ Nigrum flavo crinem abscondente galero ” of the Roman satirist ,) which the daughters of the South borrowed from their Celtic and German neighbours , seems especially to have excited their indignation . Tertullian , in his treatise “ De Cultu Foeminarum , ” declaims with his usual fiery rhetoric against this habit . “ I see some women , ” says the African , “ who dye their hair with yellow ; they are ashamed of their very nation , that they are not the natives of Gaul or Germany . Evil and most disastrous to them is the omen which their fiery head portends , while they consider such abomination graceful . ” This charitable hint of future reprobation , savage as it appears , seems to have been much admired by the Fathers ; it is repeated by St Jerome and St Cyprian with equal triumph . Well , indeed , might Theophilus of Antioch , in his letter to Autolycus , place the Christian opinions concerning women in startling contrast with the revolting scheme proposed in relation to them by the most refined philosopher of antiquity . Well might the matrons of Antioch refuse to gratify Julian by a sacrifice to gods whose votaries had steeped their sex in impurity and degradation . The death of Hypatia is indeed a blot in Christian annals , but she fell the victim of an infuriated multitude ; and how often had the Proconsul and the Emperor beheld , unmoved , the arena wet with the blood of Christian virgins , and the earth blackened with their ashes ! Indeed , the deference paid to weakness is the grand maxim , the practical application of which , in spite of some fantastic notions , and some most pernicious errors that accompanied it , entitles chivalry to our veneration , and prevented the dark ages from being one scene of unmixed violence and oppression . The flashes of generosity that gild with a momentary splendour the dreadful scenes of feudal tyranny , were struck out by the force of this principle acting upon the most rugged nature in the most superstitious ages . While the fire that had consumed the surprised city was slaked in the blood of its miserable inhabitants , the distress of high-born beauty , or the remonstrances of the defenceless priest , often arrested the career of the warrior , who viewed the slaughter of unoffending peasants and of simple burghers with as much indifference as that of the wild-boar or the red-deer which it was his pastime and his privilege to destroy . Who does not remember the beautiful passage in Tasso , where the crusaders burst into tears at the sight of the holy sepulchre ?— “ Nudo ciascuno il pie calca il sentiero , Ch'l ' esempio de duci ogn ’ altromuove Serico fregio d'or , piuma e criniero Superbo dal suo capo ognon rimuove , E d'insieme del cor l'abito altero Depone , e calde e pie lagrime piove . ” We now enter into the main object of the work , the condition of women in modern times ; and the passage which introduces the subject is so luminous and eloquent , that we cannot resist the pleasure of laying it before our readers without mutilation . “ To pursue the history of woman through the ages of misrule and violence that corrupted the spirit of chivalry , would be useless . It is sufficiently evident , that in proportion as the vices of barbarism renewed their dominion , the condition of women would be more or less affected by their evils . But , on the whole , society was improving : two great events were preparing to engage the attention of Europe — the struggles for religious freedom and the revival of learning . These produced effects on the human mind very different from those of any revolutions that had taken place during the age of barbarism . “ While the opinion reigned absolute , that war was the most important affair of life and the most honourable pursuit , the tendency of society was towards destruction . All the virtue consistent with so false a principle was , perhaps , brought forth by chivalry ; but in the long run , the false principle overruled the force of the generous spirit , and chivalry sank like a meteor that owed its splendour to surrounding darkness . Its spirit gave an impulse to opinion and sentiment , but its errors and ignorance disabled it from supplying any corrective to the bad institutions and mistaken policy which fostered barbarism . It was not every mind that was capable of imbibing the generous sentiments of chivalry , but ferocious passions could rarely fail to be stimulated by the idolatry of war , and the contempt for civil employments it produced . Among men , poor , restless , and to a great degree irresponsible , the craving for distinction excited by chivalry was a dangerous passion . No very general change over the face of society could be reasonably expected , from the attempts to engraft a spirit of gentleness and beneficence upon a principle of war and destruction . The spirit was right , but the principle was wrong . It was just the reverse in the next enthusiasm which seized the minds of mankind . In the struggles for religious freedom which followed , the principle was right , but it was pursued in the horrible spirit of persecution . Men , ready to die for the right of professing the truth , could not divest themselves of that persecuting spirit towards others , which was leading themselves to the stake . But there is a vigour in a right principle which gradually clears men 's eyes of their prejudices . The dire and mistaken means by which successive reformers defended each his own opinion , were abandoned , and men began to perceive that civil and religious liberty were of more use to society than martial feats or extended conquests ; and that it is still more important to learn how to reason than how to fight . “ The tendency of this principle was towards social improvement , and civilization began to make progress . “ Before the extinction of chivalry , the airy throne on which women had been raised was broken down ; but the effects of her elevation were never obliterated . There remained on the surface of society a tone of gallantry which tended to preserve some recollection of the station she had once held . As civilization advanced , the idea that women might be disposed of like property , seemed to be nearly abandoned all over Europe ; but their subsequent condition partook ( as might be expected in the case of dependent beings ) of the character prevailing in each country . The grave temper and morbid jealousy of the Spaniards , reduced them almost to Eastern seclusion . ” We entreat the attention of our readers to the following remark , which explains , in some degree , the mediocrity that characterizes the present day :— “ In the first ages after the rise of literature , the very want of that multitude of second-rate books we now possess , had the effect of compelling those who learned any thing to betake themselves to studies of a solid nature ; and there was consequently less difference then , between the education of the two sexes , than now . The reader will immediately recollect the instances of Lady Jane Grey , Mrs Hutchinson , and others of the same class , and will feel that it is quite fair to assume , that many such existed when a few came to be known . ” It was during the reign of the last princes of the House of Valois , that the women of the French court began to exercise that malignant and almost universal influence , which , for a while , poisoned the well-springs of refinement and civility . Eclipsed for a while by the mighty luminaries which , during the life of Louis XIII ., and the early part of Louis XIV. th 's reign , were lords of the ascendant when they had sunk beneath the horizon , their constellation again blazed forth with greater force and more disastrous splendour . Hence the Dragonnades , the destruction of Port-Royal , the persecution of the Jansenists , the death of Racine , the disgrace of F é n é lon . Hence , in the reign of Louis XV ., orgies that Messalina would have blushed to share ; while cruelties [ A ] of which Suwarrow would hardly have been the instrument , were employed to lash into a momentary paroxysm nerves withered by debauchery . Here let us pause for a moment , to remark upon the effect which false opinions may produce upon the happiness and well-being of distant generations . Nothing is so common as for trivial superficial men — the class to which the management of empires is for the most part entrusted — to ridicule theories , and , by a mode reasoning which would place any cabin boy far above Sir Isaac Newton , to insist upon the mechanical parts of government , and the routine of ordinary business , as the sole objects entitled to notice and consideration — “ O curv æ in terris anim æ, et coelestium inanes ! ” Footnote A : This does not apply to Louis XV . personally . This does not apply to Louis XV . personally . We would fain ask these practical people — for such is the eminently inappropriate metaphor by which they rejoice to be distinguished — we would fain ask them ( if it be consistent with their profound respect for practice to pay some attention to experience ) to cast their eyes upon the proceedings and manners of the French court ( wild and chimerical as such an appeal will no doubt appear to them ) during the dominion of Catharine of Medicis and her offspring , those execrable deceivers , corrupters , and executioners of their people . To what are the almost incredible abominations , familiar as household words to the French court of that day , to be ascribed ? To what are the persecutions , perjuries , the massacres that pollute the annals of France during that period , to be attributed ? To a false theory . Catharine of Medicis brought into France the practical atheism of Machiavelli 's prince — the Bible , as she blasphemously called it , of her class . The maxims which , when confined to the petty courts of Italy , did not undermine the prosperity of any considerable portion of the human race , when disseminated among a valiant , politic , and powerful nation , brought Iliads of desolation in their train . We subjoin Jeanne d'Allrep ' s account of the private manners of the court of Charles IX :— “ J'ai trouv é votre lettre fort à mon gr é— je la montrerai à madame , si je puis ; quant à la peinture , je l'enverrai querir à Paris ; elle est belle et bien avis é e , et de bonne gr â ce , mais nourrie en la plus maudite et corrompue compagnie qui fut jamais , car je n'en vois point qui ne s'en sente . Votre cousine la marquise ( l 'é pouse du jeune Prince de Cond é) en est tellement chang é e qu'il n'y a apparence de religion en elle ; si non d'autant qu'elle ne va point à la messe ; car au reste de sa fa ç on de vivre , hormis l'idol â trie , elle fait comme les Papistes ; et ma soeur la Princesse ( de Cond é) encore pis . Je vous l 'é cris priv é ment , le porteur vous dira comme le roi s 'é mancipe — c'est piti é; je ne voudrois pour chose du monde que vous y fussiez pour y demeurer . Voil à pourquoi je d é sire vous marier , et que vous et votre femme vous vous retiriez de cette corruption ; car encore que je la croyois bien grande , je la trouve encore davantage . Ce ne sont pas les hommes ici qui prient les femmes — ce sont les femmes qui prient les hommes ; si vous y é tiez , vous n'en é chapperiez jamais sans une grande gr â ce de Dieu . ” Thus women were alternately tools and plotters , idols and slaves . The ornaments of a court became the scourges of a nation ; their influence was an influence made up of falsehood , made up of cruelty , made up of intrigue , of passions the most unbridled , and of vices the most detestable , and it seems to the student of history , in this wild and dreadful era as if all that was generous , upright , noble , and benevolent — as if faith and honour , and humanity and justice , were foreign and unnatural to the heart of man . But let us turn to our author . “ But the times were about to change . The great and stirring contests in religion and politics , which had given such scope to the deep fervour of the British character , subsided , as if the actors were breathless from their past exertions . The struggle for freedom sank into acquiescence in the dominion of the most worthless of mankind ; and zeal for religion fled before the spirit of banter and sneer . The enthusiasm of ‘ fierce wars and faithful loves , ’ of piety and of freedom , were succeeded by the reign of profligacy and levity . “ During that disastrous period , the sordid and servile vices seem to have kept pace with the wildest licentiousness ; and the dark and stern persecutions in Scotland form a fearful contrast with the bacchanalian revels of the court . The effects on the character and estimation of the female sex , sustain all that has been said upon the connexion of their interests with the elevation of morals . It became the habit to satirize and despise them , and on this they have never entirely recovered . The demoralization which led to it was , indeed , too much opposed to the temper of the English to be permanent ; but women , for a long time after , ceased to keep pace with their age . Notwithstanding the numerous exceptions which must always have existed in a free and populous country like England , where literature had made progress , it is certain , that in the days of Pope and Addison , the women , in general , were grossly ignorant . “ The tone of gallantry and deference which had arisen from chivalry , still remained on the surface , but its language was that of cold , unmeaning flattery ; and , from being the arbiters of honour , they became the mere ministers of amusement . They were again consigned to that frivolity , into which they relapse as easily as men do into ferocity . The respect they inspired , was felt individually or occasionally , but not for their sex . Any thing serious addressed to them , was introduced with an apology , or in the manner we now address children whom we desire to flatter . They were treated and considered as grown children . In the writings addressed to them expressly for their instruction in morals , or the conduct of life , though with the sincerest desire for their welfare , nothing is proposed to them that can either exalt their sentiments , invigorate their judgment , or give them any desire to leave the world better than they found it . They inculcated little beyond the views and the duties of a decent servant . Views and duties , indeed , very commendable as far as they go , but lamentable when offered as the standard of morals and thought for half the human species ; that half too , on whom chiefly depends the first , the often unalterable , bent given to the character of the whole . ” The dignity of character which rivets our attention on the “ high dames and gartered knights ” of the days of Elizabeth , the simplicity and earnestness and lofty feeling , which lent grace to prejudice and chastened error into virtue , were exchanged , in the days of Charles II ., for undisguised corruption and insatiable venality , for license without generosity , persecution without faith , and luxury without refinement . Grammont 's animated M é moires are a complete , and , from the happy unconsciousness of the writer to the vices he portrays , a faithful picture of the court , to which the description Polydore Virgil gives of a particular family , “ nec vir fortis nec foemina casta , ” was almost literally applicable . Various as are the beauties of style with which this work abounds — beauties which , to borrow the phrase of Cicero , rise as naturally from the subject as a flower from its stem — we doubt whether it contains a more felicitous illustration than that which we are about to quote . The reader must bear in mind that the object of the writer is to establish the proposition , that there is an average inferiority of women to men in certain qualities , which , slight as it may appear , or altogether as it may vanish , in particular instances , is , on the whole , incontestable , and according to which the transactions of daily life are distributed . “ All inconvenience is avoided by a slight inferiority of strength and abilities in one of the sexes . This gradually develops a particular turn of character , a new class of affections and sentiments that humanize and embellish the species more than any others . These lead at once , without art or hesitation , to a division of duties , needed alike in all situations , and produce that order without which there can be no social progression . In the treatise of The Hand , by Sir Charles Bell , we learn that the left hand and foot are naturally a little weaker than the right ; the effect of this is , to make us more prompt and dexterous than we should otherwise be . If there were no difference at all between the right and left limbs , the slight degree of hesitation which hand to use or which foot to put forward , would create an awkwardness that would operate more or less every moment of our lives , and the provision to prevent it seems analogous to the difference nature has made between the strength of the sexes . ” The domain of woman is the horizon where heaven and earth meet — a sort of land debatable between the confines where positive institutions end and intellectual supremacy begins . It includes the whole region over which politeness should extend , as well as a large portion of the territories over which the fine arts hold their sway . Those lighter and more shifting features which elude the grasp of the moralist , and escape the pencil of the historian , though they impress upon every age a countenance and expression of its own , it is her undoubted province to survey . Consequently , if not for the “ Troublous storms that toss The private state , and render life unsweet , ” yet for whatever of elegance or simplicity is wanting in the intercourse of society , for all that is cumbrous in its proceedings , for any bad taste , and much for any coarseness that it tolerates , woman , as European manners are constituted , is exclusively responsible . The habits of daily intercourse represent her faults and virtues as naturally as a shadow is cast by the sun , or the image of the tree that overhangs the lake is reflected from its undisturbed and silent waters . Where the desire of wealth and respect for rank engross an excessive share of her thoughts , conversation will be insipid ; and instead of that , “ nature ondoyante , ” that disposition to please and be pleased , which is the essence of good nature and the foundation of good taste — instead of frankness and urbanity , youth will engraft on its real ignorance the dulness of affected stupidity — will assume an air of selfish calculation — of arrogance at one time and servility at another — debased itself , and debasing all around it . When , on the contrary , whatever may be their real sentiments , the external demeanour of men to each other is such as benevolence , gratitude , and equity would dictate — and we do mean this phrase to include Russian manners — where , whatever may be the principles that ferment within , the surface of society is brilliant and harmonious — where , if the better politeness which dwells in the heart be wanting , the imitation of it which springs from the head is habitual — women are entitled to the praise of exact taste and skilful discrimination . There are women whom the world elevates , only afterwards the more effectually to humble . For a time the best and wisest submit to their caprices , study their humour , are governed by their wishes — every one avoids as a crime the slightest appearance of collision with any motive that , for the moment , it may suit their purpose to entertain — a smile upon their face is hailed with rapture , any faint proof that humanity is not dead within their breasts draws down the most enthusiastic applause . During their hour of empire , people are grateful to them for not being absolutely intolerable — when they deviate into the least appearance of courtesy or good nature , they are angels . Their sun sets , and they soon learn what it is to be a fallen tyrant . The woman who pleases at first , and as your acquaintance advances gains the more in your esteem , is the most charming of all companions ; the countenance of such a person is the most agreeable of all sights , and her voice the most musical of all sounds . “ Une belle femme qui a les qualit é s d'un honn ê te homme est-ce qu'il y a au monde d'un commerce plus delicieux ; l'on trouve en elle tout le m é rite des deux sexes . ” “ In the heart of the best woman , ” says a German writer , “ there glows a shovelful , at least , of infernal embers ; in that of the worst , there is a little corner of Paradise . ” The real benefits which depend on the influence of the softer sex are thus described :— “ One of the peculiar offices of women is to refine society . They are very much shielded by their sex from the stern duties of men , and from that intercourse with the basest part of mankind which is opposed to the humanizing influence of mental cultivation . On them , the improvement of society in these respects chiefly depends ; and they who consider the subject with the views here offered , will become more and more convinced of the service they might render . Manners are , in truth , of great importance . If real refinement be a merit , it is surely desirable that it should show itself in the general deportment . Real vulgarity is the expression of something mean or coarse in sentiments or habits . It betrays the want of fine moral perceptions . The peculiarities in manner and deportment , which proceed from the selfishness of the great world , when stripped of the illusory influence of their apparent refinement , become grossly offensive . A cold repulsive manner , such as is commonly assumed by persons in high life , is sometimes a necessary shield against the pushing familiarity of underbred persons . Their tasteless imitations of habits and manners which do not belong to their station or character , deserve the ridicule they meet with . The most offensive form vulgarity can take , is an affectation of the follies and vices of high life . It is true that the notion of vulgarity is affixed , in the fine world , to many trifling modes of dress and deportment , which in themselves have no demerit whatever , except that something opposed to them has acquired an ephemeral propriety from the fancy of the great . But in real good breeding there is always a reason . It is far too little attended to in England in any class , though , from acting as a continual corrective to selfish and unsocial affections , it is peculiarly requisite in all . Good manners consist in a constant maintenance of self-respect , accompanied by attention and deference to others ; in correct language , gentle tones of voice , ease , and quietness in movements and action . They repress no gaiety or animation which keeps free of offence ; they divest seriousness of an air of severity or pride . In conversation , good manners restrain the vehemence of personal or party feelings , and promote that versatility which enables people to converse readily with strangers , and take a passing interest in any subject that may be addressed to them . ” The writer takes occasion to regret the narrow spirit which prevents our nobility , or , to speak more properly , our fashionable coteries , from acquiring a healthier tone , by mixing with societies in which habits of more vigorous thought predominate . In France , to whatever degree frivolity may be carried , a French lady would be ashamed not to affect an interest in the great writers by whom her country has been ennobled ; and to betray an ignorance of their works , or an indifference to their renown , would be considered a proof not only of the greatest stupidity , but of bad taste and unrefined habits . Here we are distinguished unfavourably from our neighbours — exceptions , of course , there must always be — but in general to betray an acquaintance with any literature beyond the last novel , or the current trash and gossip of the day , might provoke the charge of pedantry , but at any rate would fail in exciting the slightest sympathy . Hence men of letters , and women of letters , form a caste by themselves much to their own disadvantage , and still more to the injury of those to the improvement of whom they might imperceptibly contribute ; hence the statesman , or the lawyer , or the writer , generally keeps aloof from the great world , which he leaves to idle young men and aged coxcombs ; or , if he enters it , takes care to abstain from those topics on which his conversation would be most natural , instructing , and entertaining . Instances , indeed , may be found , where men , eminent for science and literature , or of high professional reputation , inflamed with a distempered appetite for fashionable society , “ drag their slow lengths along ” among the guardsmen and dowagers who frequent such scenes ; but they are rather tolerated than encouraged , and the sacrifices by which they purchase their admission into the dullest society of Europe are so numerous , their appearance is so mortifying , and the effect produced upon themselves so pernicious , that hitherto such instances have served not as models to imitate , but as bywords to deter . Instead of improving others , they degrade themselves ; instead of inspiring the frivolous with nobler aims and better principles , they condescend to be the echoes of imbecility ; instead of raising the standard of conversation , they yield implicitly to any signal , however corrupt , worthless , or utterly unreasonable may be the quarter from which it proceeds , that the most submissive votaries of fashion watch for and obey . The system is denounced by our author in the following vigorous and eloquent passage :— “ The assembly-room or dinner-table is the very focus of care and anxiety , so that a funereal dulness often overhangs it ; and there , where there is the greatest amount of money , time , and contrivance expended on pleasure — there is least animation of spirits . For one who is pleased , a dozen are chewing the cud of some petty annoyance , and the flow of spirits excited and animated by rapid interchange of ideas is scarcely known . When it occurs , it is seldom owing to those who live for dissipation , but to men whom the duties of office compel to work very hard . Notwithstanding their wealth , the pursuits of ambition compel them to become men of business , and the elasticity of their minds is preserved . That languid and depressed condition which cankers the very heart of social enjoyment , loses its solemn character on occasions of disappointment and vexation . Its pleasures are not cheerful , but its distresses are ludicrous , and are felt to be so . Each laughs at his neighbour 's mortifications , and the consciousness he is supplying the same malicious amusement in his turn , does not take the sting from his own griefs when they arise . “ Nor is it merely as destructive of social enjoyment , that the habits of the great world are unfriendly to happiness . It is not the place for those who have warm imaginations and tender hearts . There is scarcely any circumstance in which that sphere differs more from others , than in the deficiency of strong affections . The chances are many against their existence ; and if a woman be born to move in the haunts of the worldly , it were almost cruel to snatch her from that immersion in their follies which may serve to stifle the pangs of disappointed affection . For after all that can be said of the misery of its empty pursuits and corrupted tastes , the disappointments that end its petty passions , and the mortifications that cling to its apparent splendours , sorrows like those bear no comparison with tears of anguish shed by the grave of love . Surrounding pleasures , even the tranquil and elevating beauty of external nature , seem but a mockery when offered in place of the one thing needful — perfect and overflowing affection . The exterior decorum and attention on the part of an altered husband , which betrays to the world no dereliction of morals but what its easy code passes over as a right , is no substitute for love . Not unfrequently there is something almost appalling in the sense of solitude , which on occasions of sickness or retirement oppresses a young woman , who to all appearance is overwhelmed with attendance . The hand is not there that would render every other superfluous . A voice is wanting , whose absence leaves the silence and horror of death . The eyes are missed , whose glances first called forth the fervour of her affections from their peaceful sleep ; or , if looking on her for a moment , they express nothing but indifference . These are the occasions that dispel the laboured illusion , wherewith , under the garb of business , or cares , or natural manner , she had sought to disguise from herself the marks of an estranged heart . In these sad and desolate hours her memory retraces her early years , her mother 's tender watchfulness , and the soft voices of sisters contending for their place by her bedside . The contrast with her present stately solitude bursts resistless through every effort to repel it ; and life and youth , with their long futurity , present her with nothing but a frightful chasm . ” “ Alas ! alas my song is sad ; How should it not be so , When he , who used to make me glad , Now leaves me in my woe ? With him my love , my graciousness , My beauty , all are vain ; I feel as if some guiltiness Had mark 'd me with its stain . “ One sweet thought still has power o'er me , In this my heart 's great need ; ‘ Tis , that I ne'er was false to thee , Dear friend , in word or deed : I own that nobler virtues fill Thy heart , love only mine ; Yet why are all thy looks so chill Till they on others shine ? “ Oh ! long-loved friend , I marvel much Thy heart is so severe , That it will yield not to the touch Of love and sorrow 's tear . No , no ! it cannot be , that thou Should seek another 's love ; Oh ! think upon our early vow , And thou wilt faithful prove . “ Thy virtues — pride , thy lofty fame , Assures me thou art true , Though fairer ones than I may claim Thy hand , and deign to sue . But think , beloved one , that , to bless With perfect blessing , thou Must seek for trusting tenderness : Remember then our vow ! ” “ Collectively , ” says our author , “ women might do much to remove the national stigma of leaving men of science and letters neglected . But their education is seldom such as enables them to know the great importance of science and literature to human improvement ; and they are rarely brought up to regard it as any part of their duty to promote the interests of society . They would not , indeed , be able directly to reward men of talent by employment or honours , but they might make them acquainted with those who could ; at all events , mere social distinction , the attention and approbation of our fellow creatures , is in itself an advantage to men who seldom possess that passport to English respect — wealth . Though learning is tacitly discouraged in women , yet the access to every species of knowledge requisite to direct their efforts wisely and well , is as open to them as to men . With this power of forming the mind of the rising generation , this influence over the opinions , the morals , and the tastes of society , this direct power in promoting objects both of private benevolence and national importance — with so many advantages , how is it that women are still exposed to so many sufferings , from dependence , oppression , mortification , and contempt ? why are their opinions yet sneered at ? why is their influence rather deprecated than sought ? Is it not that they have never learnt even the selfish policy of connecting themselves with the spirit of moral and intellectual advancement ? Is it not because their liberty , their privileges , their power , have proceeded in many respects , less from a spirit of justice in the other sex , or a sense of moral fitness , than from the love of pleasure and luxury , of which women are the best promoters ? ” In England , these evils are peculiarly great ; for in England they are without compensation . It is possible to imagine such brilliant conversation , such varied wit , such graceful manners , such apparent gentleness , that would stifle the complaints of the moralist , and cause the half-uttered expostulation to die away upon his lips . So we can conceive that Arnaud and Nicole may have listened to the enchanting discourse of Madame de Sevigne , and under an influence so irresistible , have forborne to scan with severity the faults , glaring as they were , of the system to which she belonged . But with us the case is different — compare the English lady in her country-house , hospitable to her guests , benevolent to her dependents , as a wife spotless , as a mother most devoted , caring for all around her , dispensing education , relieving distress , encouraging merit , the guard of innocence , the shame of guilt , active , contented , gracious , exemplary : and see the same person in London — her frame worn out with fatigue , her mind ulcerated with petty mortifications , her brow clouded , her look hardened , her eye averted from unprofitable friends , her tone harsh , her demeanour restless , her whole being changed : and were there no higher motive , were it a question of advantage and convenience only , were dignity , and the good opinion of others , and consideration in the world , alone at stake , can any one hesitate as to which situation a wife or daughter should prefer ? We should , indeed , be sorry if our demeanour in those vast crowds where English people flock together , rather , as it would seem , to assert a right than to gratify an inclination , were to be taken as an index of our national character — the want of all ease and simplicity , those essential ingredients of agreeable society , which distinguish these dreary meetings , have been long unfortunately notorious . No nation is so careful of the great , or so indifferent to the lesser , moralities of life as the English ; and in no country is society , indebted , perhaps , to polished idleness for its greatest charms , more completely misunderstood . Too busy to watch the feelings of others , and too earnest to moderate our own , that true politeness which pays respect to age , which strives to put the most insignificant person in company on a level with the most considerable — virtues which our neighbours possess in an eminent degree ,— are , except in a few favoured instances , unknown among us ; while affectation , in other countries the badge of ignorance and vulgarity , is in ours , even in its worst shape , when it borrows the mien of rudeness , and impertinence , and effrontery , the appanage of those whose station is most conspicuous , and whose dignity is best ascertained . There is more good breeding in the cottage of a French peasant than in all the boudoirs of Grosvenor Square . But God forbid that a word should escape from us which should seem to place the amusements of society , or the charms of conversation , in competition with those stern virtues which are the guardians of an English hearth ! The austere fanaticism of the Puritans , tainted with hypocrisy as it was , was preferable a thousand times to the orgies of the Regent and the Parc-aux-Cerfs . If purity and refined society be , indeed , incompatible — if the love of freedom and active enterprise necessarily exclude the grace and softness which lessen , or at least teach us to forget , the burden of existence , let us be what we are ; and , indeed , it is the opinion of many , that the rant of social pleasure is the price we pay for the excellence of our political institutions . It is because before the law all men are equal , that in the world so much care is taken to show that they are different . If to this we add the mercantile habits of our countrymen , the enormous wealth which their pursuits enable them to accumulate — the great honours which are the reward of successful industry and ambition — the absurd value annexed to technical distinctions — the manner in which , in our as in all free countries , those distinctions are conferred — and a certain disposition to sneer at any chivalrous , or elevated feeling , from which few of our ladies are exempt — we shall find it easy to account for the cold , stiff , ungraceful , harsh , and mercenary habits which disfigure , to the astonishment of all foreigners , the patrician class of English society . Nothing , indeed , can be less graceful than the frivolity of an Englishman . Naturally grave , serious , contemplative , if his angry stars have endowed him with enormous wealth , he carries into the pursuit of trifles the same solemnity and perseverance which , had he been more fortunately situated , would have been employed in a professional career — he carries a certain degree of gravity into his follies and his vices ; as Pope , no less keen an observer than finished a poet , observed , he “ Judicious sups , and greatly daring dines ” — devotes himself to an eternal round of puerile follies , with a pompous self-importance that would be ludicrous were it exhibited in the discharge of the noblest and most sacred duties . Plate and wine seem his religion , and a well-furnished room his morality — his dinners engross his thoughts — his field sports are a nation 's care . He writes books on arm-chairs , hunts with the most ineffable self-sufficiency , and talks of his dogs and horses as Howard or Clarkson might speak of the jails they had visited , and the mourners they had set free . He commits errors with a stolid air of deliberation , which the reckless passions of boiling youth could hardly palliate , but which , when perpetrated as a title to fashion , and as a passport to society , no epithets that contempt can suggest are vehement enough to stigmatize . The Englishman 's vice has a business-like air with it that is intolerable — there is no illusion , no refinement — it is coarse , direct , groveling brutality — it wears its own hideous aspect with no garnish or disguise ; and how seldom , even among that sex which these volumes are intended to instruct , does the brow wreathed with roses , amid the haunts of dissipation , wear a gay , a serene , or even a contented aspect ! Where all the treasures that inanimate nature can furnish are scattered in profusion — where the air is fragrant with perfume , and vocal with melody , how vainly do we look for the freshness and animation , and the simplicity and single-mindedness of buoyant and delighted youth ! We feel inclined , amid this gloomy dissipation and depressing pleasure , to reverse the most beautiful passage in Euripides , and to say , that the banquet and the festival do require all the heightening of art , all the embellishments of luxury , all the illusions of song , to conceal the struggles of corroding interest , and the pangs of constant mortification . “ There ” ( but we quote one of the most remarkable passages in the book ) “ is a general aversion from the labour of thought , in all who have not had the faculties exercised while they were pliant , nor been supplied with a certain stock of elementary knowledge , essential alike to any subject of science that may be presented to their maturer years . By means of the press , many broken and ill-sustained rays pierce across the neglect or indifference of parents , to the minds of the young . Gleams of a rational spirit and enlarged feeling may often be found among the daughters of country gentlemen , whose sons are still solely devoted to sporting and party politics . “ When we think of those mighty resources we have just been adverting to , the strength all such tastes acquire by sympathy , and the observation of nature and of human life they tend to excite , we might expect they would furnish society with everlasting sources of excitement and mutual interest , that they would create a universal sympathy with genius and ability wherever it was found , and soften the repulsive austerity with which it is the nature of rank and wealth to look on humble fortunes . “ Little or nothing of all this takes place . Frivolity and insipidity are the prevailing characters of conversation ; and nowhere in Europe , perhaps , does difference of fortune or station produce more unsocial and illiberal separation . Very few of those whom fortune has released from the necessity of following some laborious profession , are capable of passing their time agreeably without the assistance of company ; not from a spirit of gaiety which calls on society for indulgence — not from any pleasure they take in conversation , where they are frequently languid and taciturn , but to rival each other in the luxury of the table , or , by a great variety of indescribable airs , to make others feel the pain of mortification . They meet as if ‘ to fight the boundaries ’ of their rank and fashion , and the less definite and perceptible is the line which divides them , the more punctilious is their pride . It is a great mistake to suppose that this low-minded folly is peculiar to people of rank : it is an English disease . But the higher we go in society , the wider the circle of the excluded becomes , consequently , the greater the range of human beings cast forth from the pale of sympathy ; and the more contracted do the judgment , experience , and feelings of its inmates become . The lofty walls , the iron spikes that surround our villas , and the notices every where affixed ‘ that trespassers will be prosecuted with the utmost rigour of the law , ’ are meet emblems of the social spirit that connects the different orders of society in England . The effect of this is to produce narrow minds , or , what is worse , narrow hearts on one side , and a host of dissocial , irritable passions on the other . In each step of the scale , those beneath see chiefly the unamiable qualities of their superiors . ” The disproportion of the happiness of society with its means , is a subject which calls forth all the eloquence and sagacity of this writer . Nor is this surprising ; for it might startle the most sluggish indifference — the most incurious stupidity . How does it come to pass , that with us misery is the fruit of successful labour , that with us experience does not teach caution , that with us the most munificent charity is unable to check the accumulation of evil , moral and physical , with which it vainly endeavours to contend ? How is it , that while the wealth of England is a proverb among nations , the distress of her labourers is a byword no less universal ; that while her commerce encircles the globe , while her colonies are spread through both hemispheres , while regions hitherto unknown are but the resting-place of her never-ceasing enterprise , the producers of all this wealth , the causes of all this luxury , the instruments of all this civilization , lie down in despair to perish by hundreds , amid the miracles of triumphant industry by which they are surrounded ? How happens it , that as our empire extends abroad , security diminishes at home ? that as our reputation becomes more splendid , and our attitude more commanding , the fabric of our strength decays , and our social bulwarks rock from their foundations ? Who can say that the skill and valour of the general who has added a province to our Indian empire — who , triumphing over obstacles hitherto insurmountable , has caused the tide of victory to flow from East to West , and make the Sepoy invincible — may not erelong be called upon to fulfil the thankless task of suppressing insurrection , and to control the kindling fury of a mistaken , it is true , but of a kindred population ? Shall the day indeed come when in our streets there shall be solitude , and in our harbours be heard no sound of oars , neither shall gallant ship pass thereby ? Is the vaunted splendour of this country to furnish a melancholy lesson of the instability of earthly power , and its fate to conclude a tale more glorious , to point a moral more affecting , than any which Tyre , or Sidon , or Carthage have furnished , to curb the insolence of prosperity , and to show the insignificance of man ? “ Quamvis Pontica pinus , Sylvae filia nobilis , Jactes et genus et nomen inutile . ” After dwelling on the supply of information which the present age enjoys , and which is quite without parallel in any former period , and pointing out the inconsistencies among us , of which , nevertheless , every day affords perpetual examples , the writer asks — “ Do these evils proceed from some moral perversity in the people ? Is there some natural barrier in England against the effects of capital , industry , science , and religion ; or is it not that ignorance of the laws that regulate and harmonize social existence , and of those that govern the human mind , has hitherto been extensively prevalent , and is still resisting the remedies of riper experience ? “ But the poor and ignorant cannot educate themselves ; it must be the upper classes who give them the means of improvement . In the natural laws of society , the use of a class who are independent of labour for subsistence , is , that a certain part of the community should have leisure to acquire that general knowledge which is the parent of wise institutions and pure morals . That they should have such affluence as to give weight to their example and authority , is also desirable . Government , as has already been observed , cannot act effectively against a very great preponderance of error and prejudice , but must legislate in the spirit of truths that are generally known , and in the service of interests that excite general sympathy . “ The object of this work is not to advocate particular measures , nor even to assume that every thing that is wrong is so through culpable neglect ; but it is to call attention to the grievous evils , that neither legislation nor zeal and charity can counteract with effect , till the increased education of all classes assists their efforts . Something must be wanting , when such unrivalled knowledge and wealth are accompanied by such various and wide-spread evils . It is not benevolence that is deficient , for nowhere can we turn without meeting it in private , struggling against miseries too great for its power , and in public devoting abilities of the first order to the cause of humanity . “ It is the wider diffusion of knowledge we require : more heads and hands still are wanted , qualified for acting in concert , or at least acting generally on right principles . Too many persons capable of generous feeling are absorbed and corrupted by luxury and frivolity ; too many waste their efforts from shallow , mistaken , and contradictory views . ” Then follows a splendid description of scientific energy , the gratification which it affords , and the noble objects to which it points the way . “ In examining the prodigious resources at the command of the upper classes of English society , it is finely remarked , that ‘ the fine arts are the materials by which our physical and animal sensations are converted into moral perceptions . ’ “ Every thing in the form of matter , however coarse — the refuse and dross of more valuable materials — is resolvable , by science , into elements too subtle for our vision , and yet possessed of such potency that they effect transmutations more surprising than the fables of magic . The points that spangle the still blue vault , and make night lovely to the untaught peasant , interpreted by science , expand into worlds and systems of worlds : some so remote , that even the character of light , in which their existence is declared to us , can scarcely give full assurance of their reality — some , kindred planets which science has measured , and has told their movements , their seasons , and the length of their days . Such resemblances to our own globe are ascertained in their general laws , and such diversity in their peculiar ones , that we are led irresistibly to believe they all teem with beings , sentient and intelligent as we are , yet whose senses , and powers , and modes of existence , must be very dissimilar , and indefinitely varied . The regions of space , within the field of our vision , present us with phenomena the most incomprehensibly mysterious , and with knowledge the most accurate and demonstrable . Light , motion , form , and magnitude — the animal , vegetable , and mineral kingdoms — have their several sciences , and each would exhaust a life to master it completely . No uneasy passion follows him who engages in such speculations , where continual pursuit is made happy by the sense of continual progress . He leaves his cares at the threshold ; for when his attention is fixed , so great is the pleasure of contemplation , that it seems good to have been born for this alone . “ If we turn to the moral world , where , strange as it seems , we meet with less clearness and grandeur , yet there our deep interest in its truths supplies a different , perhaps a more powerful attraction . While we wonder and hope , the general laws of sentient existence give us glimpses of their harmony with those of inanimate nature . The latter seems assuredly made for the use of the former . The identity of benevolence with wisdom presents itself to our minds as a necessary truth , and , notwithstanding our perplexities , brings peace to our hearts . Social distinctions sink to insignificance when contemplating our place in existence , and the privilege of reading the book of nature , and sharing the thoughts and the sentiments of the distinguished among men , atones for obscurity and neglect ; neither would the troubled power of a throne nor the flushing of victory repay us for the sacrifice of those pleasures . ” The second volume opens with a dissertation on luxury , in which the subject is treated with the depth and perspicuity that the extracts we have already made will have prepared our readers to anticipate . Luxury is a word of relative , and therefore of ambiguous signification ; it may be the test of prosperity — it may be the harbinger of decay : according to the state of society in which it prevails , its signification will , of course , be different . The effect of civilization is to increase the number of our wants . The same degree of education which , during the last century , was considered , even by the upper classes , a superfluity , is now a necessary for the middling class , and will soon become a necessary for the lowest , or all but the lowest , members of society . Most of our readers are acquainted with the story of the Highland chief who rebuked his son indignantly for making a pillow of a snowball . Sumptuary laws have always been inefficient , or efficient only for the purposes of oppression . Public morality has been their pretext — the private gratification of jealousy their aim . In republics they were intended to allay the envy of the poor — in monarchies to flatter the arrogance of the great . The first of these motives produced , as Say observes , the law Orchia at Rome , which prohibited the invitation of more than a certain number of guests . The second was the cause of an edict passed in the reign of Henry II . of France , by which the use of silken shoes and garments was confined to princes and bishops . States are ruined by the extravagance , not of their subjects , but of their rulers . Luxury is pernicious when it is purchased at an excessive price , or when it stands in the way of advantages greater and more attainable . The worse a government is , the more effect does it produce upon the manners and habits of its subjects . The influence of a government of favourites and minions over the community , is as prodigious as it is baneful . Every innocent pleasure is a blessing . Luxury is innocent , nay , it is desirable , as far as it can contribute to health and cleanliness — to rational enjoyment ; as far as it serves to prevent gross debauchery ; and , as one of our poets has expressed it , “ When sensual pleasures cloy , To fill the languid pause with finer joy , ” it should be encouraged . It does not follow , because the materials for luxury are wanted , that the bad passions and selfishness , which are its usual companions , will be wanted also . A Greenlander may display as much gluttony over his train oil and whale blubber as the most refined epicure can exhibit with the Physiologie du Go û t in his hand , and with all Monsieur Ude 's science at his disposal . When the gratification of our taste and senses interferes with our duty to our country , or our neighbours , or our friends — when , for the sake of their indulgence , we sacrifice our independence — or when , rather than abandon it , we neglect our duties sacred and imperative as they may be — the most favourable casuists on the side of luxury allow that it is criminal . But even when it stops far short of this scandalous excess , the habit of immoderate self-indulgence can hardly long associate in the same breast with generous , manly , and enlightened sentiments : its inevitable effect is to stifle all vigorous energy , as well as to eradicate every softer virtue . It is the parent of that satiety which is the most unspeakable of all miseries — a short satisfaction is purchased by long suffering , and the result is an addition to our stock , not of pleasure , but of pain . The next topic to which our attention is directed is the influence of habit . Habit is thus defined :— “ Habit is the aptitude for any actions or impressions produced by frequent repetition of them . ” The word impressions is used to designate affections of mind and body that are involuntary , in contradistinction to those which we can originate and control . For instance , we may choose whether or not we will enter into any particular enquiry ; but when we have entered upon it , we cannot prevent the result that the evidence concerning it will produce upon our minds . A person conversant with mathematical studies can no more help believing that the diagonal of a square is incommensurable with its side , than , if his hand had been thrust in the fire , he could help feeling heat . The remarks which follow are ingenious and profound :— “ The more amusements , ” continues the writer , “ partake of an useful character , the more lasting they are . This is never the case with trifles ; when the enjoyment is over , they leave little or nothing in the mind . They are not steps to something else , they have no connexion with other and further results , to be brought out by further endeavours . The attempt to make life a series of quickly succeeding emotions , will ever prove a miserable failure ; whereas , when the chief part of our time is spent in labour , active power increases — the exertion of it becomes habit — the mind gathers strength ; and emotion being husbanded , retains its freshness , and the spirits preserve their alacrity through life . It follows that the most agreeable labours are those which superadd to an object of important and lasting interest a due mixture of intermediate and somewhat diversified results . To a mechanic , making a set of chairs and tables , for example , is more agreeable than working daily at a sawpit . But nothing can deprive the industrious man ( however undiversified his employment ) of the advantage of having a constant and important pursuit — viz . earning the necessaries and comforts of life ; and when we consider the uneasiness of a life without any steady pursuit , and how slight is the influence that such as one merely voluntary has over most men , it seems certain that , as a general rule , we do not err in representing the necessity of labour as a safeguard of happiness . ” Active habits are such as action gives : passive habits are such as our condition qualifies us to receive . In emotion , however violent , we may be passive , the forgiving and the vindictive man are for a time equally passive in their emotions . It is when the vindictive man proceeds to retaliation upon an adversary that he becomes a voluntary agent . It is often difficult to analyse the ingredients of our thought , and to determine how far they are involuntary and how far they are spontaneous . Nor is this an enquiry the solution of which can ever affect the majority of mankind : it is not with such subtleties that the practice of the moralist is concerned . It is a psychological fact , which never can be repeated too often , that habit deadens impression and fortifies activity . It gives energy to that power which depends on the sanction of the will — it renders the sensations which are nearly passive every day more languid and insignificant . “ Mon sachet de fleurs , ” says Montaigne , “ sert d'abord à mon nez ; mais , apr è s que je m'en suis servi huit jours , il ne sert plus qu'au nez des assistants . ” So the taste becomes accustomed to the most irritating stimulants , and is finally palsied by their continued application , yet the necessity of having recourse to these provocatives becomes daily more imperious . “ Crescit indulgens sibi dirus hydrops Nec sitim pellit . ” The tanner who lives among his hides till he is insensible to their exhalations — the surgeon who has conquered the disgust with which the objects around him must fill an ordinary individual — the sensualist , on whose jaded appetite all the resources of art and all the loveliness of nature are employed in vain — may serve as common instances of the first part of the proposition ; and the astonishing facility acquired by particular men in the business with which they are conversant , are proofs no less irrefragable of the second . Can any argument be conceived which is more decisive in favour of the moral economy to which even this lower world is subject , than the undeniable fact , that virtue is fortified by exercise , and pain conquered by endurance ; while vice , like the bearer of the sibyl 's books , extorts every hour a greater sacrifice for less enjoyment ? The passage in Mammon 's speech is no less philosophically accurate than it is poetically beautiful — “ Out torments also may in length of time Become our elements , these piercing fires As soft as now severe , our temper changed Into their temper , which must needs remove The sensible of pain . ” So does man pass on his way , from youth to manhood , from manhood till the shadow of death falls upon him ; and while his moral and physical structure adapts itself to the incessant vicissitudes of his being , he imagines himself the same . The same in sunshine and in tempest — in the temperate and the torrid zone — in sickness and in health — in joy and sorrow — at school and in the camp or senate — still , still he is the same . His passions change , his pleasures alter ; what once filled him with rapture , is now indifferent , it may be loathsome . The friends of his youth are his friends no longer — other faces are around him — other voices echo in his ears . Still he is the same — the same , when chilling experience has taught him its bitter lesson , and when life in all its glowing freshness first dawned upon his view . The same , when “ vanity of vanities ” is graven upon his heart — as when his youthful fancy revelled in scenes of love , of friendship , and of renown . The same , when cold , cautious , interested , suspicious , guilty — as when daring , reckless , frank , confiding , innocent . Still the dream continues , still the vision lasts , until some warning yet unknown — the tortures of disease , or the loss of the very object round which his heartstrings were entwined , anguish within , and desolation without — stir him into consciousness , and remind him of that fast approaching change which no illusion can conceal . Such is the pliability of our nature , so varied are the modes of our being ; and thus , through the benevolence of Him who made us , the cause which renders our keenest pleasures transient , makes pain less acute , and death less terrible . It follows from this , that in youth positive attainment is a matter of little moment , compared with the habits which our instructors encourage us to acquire . The fatal error which is casting a blight over our plans of education , is to look merely to the immediate result , totally disregarding the motive which has led to it , and the qualities of which it is the indication ; yet , would those to whom the delicate and most responsible task of education is confided , but consider that habits of mind are formed by inward principle , and not external action , they would adopt a more rational system than that to which mediocrity owes its present triumph over us ; and which bids fair to wither up , during another generation , the youth and hopes of England . Such infatuation is equal to that of the husbandman who should wish to deprive the year of its spring , and the plants of their blossoms , in hopes of a more nutritious and abundant harvest . “ The inward principle required to give habits of industry , temperance , good temper , and so forth , is the express intention of being industrious , temperate , and gentle , and regulating one 's actions accordingly . But the inward principle exercised by a routine of irksome restraints , submitted to passively on no other grounds but the laws of authority , or the influence of fashion , or imposed merely as the necessary condition of childhood , may be only that of yielding to present impression . He who , in youth , yields passively to fear or force , in after life may be found to yield equally to pleasure or temper ; the habit of yielding to present impressions , in the first case , prepares the mind for yielding to them in the second , without any attempt at self-control . “ The necessity of reducing the young , in the first instance , to implicit obedience , and the utility of a strict routine of duties , is not hereby disputed . The impressions arising from every species of restraint and coercion , whether from the command of another or our own reason , being almost invariably unpleasant at first , it is necessary ( on the theory of habit ) to weaken their force by repetition , before the principle of self-government can be expected to act . But the point insisted on is , that weakening the pain of restraint and of submission to rules , will not necessarily create an intention of adhering to the rules , when coercion ceases . An intention is a mental action , and even when excited , it is neither impossible nor uncommon that the practice of forming intentions may be accompanied by the practice of breaking them ; and as the shame and remorse of so doing wear out through frequency , a character of weakness is formed . ” Although we regret the omission of some observations on waste and prodigality — remarks in which the most profound knowledge of the best authorities on this subject is tempered with a strict attention to practical interest , and a minute acquaintance with the affairs of ordinary life — we proceed to the chapters on “ Frivolity and Ignorance , ” with which , and an admirable dissertation on the authority of reason , the volume terminates . These chapters yield to none in this admirable work for utility and importance ; there are three subjects on which the influence of frivolity , baneful as it always is , is most peculiarly dangerous and destructive — education , politics , and religion . On all these great points , inseparably connected as they are with human happiness and virtue , the frivolity of women may give a bias to the character of the individual , which will be traced in his career to the last moment of his existence . The author well observes that frivolity and ignorance , rather than deliberate guilt , are the causes of political error and tergiversation . If there are few persons ready to devote themselves to the good of their species , and carrying their attention beyond kindred and acquaintance , to comprise the most distant posterity and regions the most remote within the scope of their benevolence ; so there are few of those monsters in selfishness , who would pursue their own petty interests when the happiness of millions is an obstacle to its gratification ; but as a leaf before the eye will hide a universe , self-love limits the intellectual horizon to a compass inconceivably narrow ; and the prosperity of nations , when placed in the balance with a riband or a pension , has too often kicked the beam . Professional business , and the love of detail , which is so deeply rooted in most English natures , tends also to contract the thoughts , to erect a false standard of merit , and to fill the mind with petty objects . As an instance of this , it may be remarked that Lord Somers is the only great man who , in England , has ever filled a judicial situation . So wide is the difference between present success and future reputation — so weak on all sides but one , are those who have limited themselves to one side only — so technical and engrossing are the avocations of an English lawyer . The best , if not the only remedy for this evil , is , in the words of our author , the “ study of well-chosen books . ” “ Life must often consist of acts or concerns which , taken individually , are trivial ; but the speculations of great minds relate to important objects . By their eloquence they draw forth the best emotions of which we are capable , they fill our minds with the knowledge of great and general truths , which , if they relate to the works of creation , exalt our nature and almost give us a new existence ; or if they unfold the conditions and duties of human life , they kindle our desire for worthy ends , and teach us how to promote them . We learn to consider ourselves not as single and detached beings , with separate interests from others , but as parts of that great class who are the support of society — that is , the upright , the intelligent , and the industrious . Hence we cease to be absorbed by one set of narrow ideas ; and the least duties are dignified by being viewed as parts of a general system . The bulk of mankind must and ought to confine their attention principally to their own immediate business . But if they who belong to the higher orders , do not avail themselves of their command of time , to enlarge their minds and acquire knowledge , one of the great uses of an upper class will be lost . ” The trite and ridiculous axiom , the common refuge of imbecility , that women should take no interest in politics , is then sifted and exposed ; it would be as wise to say , that women should take no interest in the blood that circulates through their bodies because they are not physicians , or in the air they breathe because they are not chemists . The people who are most fond of repeating this absurdity , are , it may be observed , the very people who are most furious with women for not acquiescing at once in any absurdity which they may think proper to promulgate as an incontrovertible truth . Ill temper , and rash opinions , and crude notions , are always mischievous ; but it is not in politics alone that they are exhibited , and the women most applauded for not meddling with politics , ( an expression which , as our author properly observes , assumes the whole matter in dispute ,) are generally those who adhere to the most obsolete doctrines with the greatest tenacity , and pursue those who differ with them in opinion with the most unmitigated rancour . In short , it is not till enquiry supersedes implicit belief , till violence gives place to reflection , till the study of sound and useful writers takes the place of sweeping and indiscriminate condemnation , that this aphorism is brought forward by those who would have listened with delight to the wildest effusions of bigotry and ignorance . But in the work before us , the author ( convincing as her reasons are ) has furnished the most complete practical refutation of this ridiculous error . Infinitely worse , however , than any evil which can arise from this or any other source , is that which the opinions and ideas of a frivolous woman must entail upon those unhappy beings of whom she superintends the education . “ Turpe est difficiles habere nugas Et stultus labor est ineptiarum , ” is a text on which , even in this great and free country , many comments may be found . The pursuit of eminence in trifles , the common sign of a bad heart , is an infallible proof of a feeble understanding . A man may dishonour his birth , ruin his estate , lose his reputation , and destroy his health , for the sake of being the first jockey or the favourite courtier of his day . And how should it be otherwise , when from the lips whence other lessons should have proceeded , selfishness has been inculcated as a duty , a desire for vain distinctions and the love of pelf encouraged as virtues , and a splendid equipage , or it may be some bodily advantage , pointed out as the highest object of human ambition ? To set the just value on every enjoyment , to choose noble and becoming objects of pursuit , are the first lessons a child should learn ; and if he does not learn their rudiments on his mother 's knees , he will hardly acquire the knowledge of them elsewhere . The least disparagement of virtue , the slightest admiration for trifling and merely extrinsic objects , may produce an indelible effect on the tender mind of youth ; and the mother who has taught her son to bow down to success , to pay homage to wealth and station , which virtue and genius should alone appropriate , is the person to whom the meanness of the crouching sycophant , the treachery of the trading politician , the brutality of the selfish tyrant , and the avarice of the sordid miser , in after life must be attributed . This argument is closed by some very judicious remarks on the degree in which the perusal of works of imagination is beneficial . “ It is not easy to explain to a person whose mind is trifling , the consequences of the over-indulgence in passive impressions produced by light reading , or to make them understand the different effect produced by the highest order of works of imagination , and the trivial compositions which inundate the press , with no merit but some commonplace moral . Both are classed together as works of amusement ; but the first enrich the mind with great and beautiful ideas , and , provided they be not indulged in to an extravagant excess , refine the feelings to generosity and tenderness . They counteract the sordid or the petty turn , which we are liable to contract from being wholly immersed in mere worldly business , or given up to the follies of the great world ; in either case confined too much to intercourse with barren hearts and narrow minds . It is of great use to the ‘ dull , sullen prisoner in the body 's cage ’ sometimes ‘ to peep out , ’ and be made to feel that it has aspirations for somewhat more excellent than it has ever known ; and that its own ideas can stretch forth into a grandeur beyond what this real existence provides for it . It is good for us to feel that the vices into which we are beguiled are hateful to our own minds in contemplation , and that it is our unconquerable nature to love and adore that virtue we do not , or cannot , attain to . ” The remarks on the influence of frivolity on religion , on the mistaken name and worldly spirit introduced amongst its most solemn ordinances , are no less excellent . After pointing out the danger of mistaking excitement for devotion , and of separating the duties of man from the will of God , the sanctions of religion from the lessons of morality , the writer observes — “ The weak and ignorant are peculiarly liable to be infected with these doctrines , and to them they are peculiarly hurtful . Unable to take a just view of their particular duties , or of the uses and purposes of our natural faculties , creatures of impulse , slaves of circumstances , the pleasures of this hour fill them with vanity , the devotion of the next with enthusiasm , or perhaps terror . Charmed by worldly follies because they are ignorant or idle , and without resistance to vice because they have never learned self-command , they seek to extirpate all the natural emotions and desires which they do not know how to regulate , and so give up the world . But they deceive themselves ; their moral defects are not lessened ; they have only changed their objects . The frivolity which formerly made trifles absorb them , now spends itself on religion , which it degrades . Whatever the former defects of their character , whether selfishness , vanity , pride , ill-temper , indolence , or any other , it remains unconquered , though the manner in which it exhibits itself is different . In one respect they are much worse ; formerly they were less blind to their own imperfections ; they sometimes suspected they were wrong ; now they are quite satisfied they are right ; nor can they easily be undeceived , because , when about to examine their hearts and their conduct , the error in their views directs their efforts to a false standard . ” We think we cannot more appropriately close the faint outline , in which we have endeavoured , however feebly , to shadow forth the merit of these volumes , than by placing before our readers the tribute to departed excellence , which this touching and finished picture is intended to convey . “ Leaving the contemplation of feverish excitement , fantastic and complicated subtleties , angry zeal , and dissocial passions , I turn to the records of memory , where are graven for ever the lineaments of one who was indeed a disciple of Christ , and whose character seemed the earthly reflection of his . Wherever there was existence her benevolence flowed forth , never enfeebled by the distance of its object , yet flushing the least of daily pleasures with its warmth . Her views rose to the most comprehensive moral grandeur , while her calm , uncompromising energy against sin , was combined with an ever-flowing sympathy for weakness and woe . She spent her life in one continued system of active beneficence , in which her business , her projects , her pleasures , were but so many varied forms of serving her fellow-creatures . Never for a moment did a reflection for herself cross the current of her purposes for them . Her whole heart so went with their distresses and their joys , that she scarcely seemed to have an interest apart from theirs . The simplicity of her character was peculiarly striking , in the unhesitating readiness with which she received — I might even say , with which she grasped at — the correction of her errors , and listened to the suggestions of other persons . One undivided desire possessed her mind — it was not to seem right , but to do right . “ What heightened the resemblance between her and the model she followed , was , that her counsels came not from a bosom that had never been shaken with the passions she admonished , or the sorrows she endeavoured to soothe . Her character was one of deep sensibility and passions strong even to violence ; but they were controlled and directed by such vivid faith as has never been surpassed . Her long life had tried her with almost every pang that attends the attachment of such beings to the mortal and the suffering , the erring and perverse ; and when those sorrows came , that reached her heart through its deepest and most sacred affections , the passion burst forth , that showed what the energy of that principle must have been , that could have brought such a mind to a tenor of habitual calmness and serenity . When every element of anguish had been mingled together in one dreadful cup , and reason for a week or two was tottering in its seat , she was seen to resume the struggle against the passions that for a moment had conquered . The bonds that attached her to life were indeed broken for ever , but she recovered her heart-felt submission to God , and she learned by degrees again to be happy in the happiness she gave . “ It was this depth and strength of feeling that gave her a power over others , seldom surpassed , I believe , by any other mortal . In her the erring and the wretched found a sure refuge from themselves . The weakness that shrunk from the censure or the scorn of others , could be poured out to her as to one whose mission upon earth was to pity and to heal ; for she knew the whole range of human infirmity , and that the wisest have the roots of those frailties that conquer the weak . But in restoring the fallen to their connexion with the honoured , she never held out a hope that they might parley with their temptations , or lower their standard of virtue : a confession to her cut off all self-delusion as to culpable conduct or passions . While she inspired the most uncompromising condemnation of the thing that was wrong , she never advised what was too hard for the “ bruised reed ; ” she chose not the moment of excitement to rebuke the misguidings of passion , nor of weakness to point out the rigour of duty . But strength came in her presence : she seemed to bring with her irresistible evidence that any thing could be done which she said ought to be done . The truths of religion , stripped of fantastic disguises , appeared at her call with a living reality , and for a time , at least , the troubles of life sank down to their just level . When our sorrows are too big for our own bosoms , if others receive then with stoicism , it repels all desire to seek relief at their hands ; but the calmness with which she attended to the effusions and perturbations of grief , seemed the earnest of safety from one who had passed through the storm . The deep and tender expression of her noble countenance suggested that feeling with which a superior being might be supposed to look down from heaven on the anguish of those who are still in the toils , but know not the reward that awaits them . “ Every thing petty seemed to drop off from her mind , but she imbibed the spirit of essentials so perfectly , she followed it throughout with such singleness of heart , that its influence affected her minutest actions , not by an effort of studied attention , but with the steadiness of a natural law . Nature and revelation she regarded as the two parts of one great connected system ; she always contemplated the one with reference to the other ; her views were therefore all practical and free from confusion , and nothing that promoted the welfare of this world could cease to be a part of her duty to God . It was her maxim that the motive dignified the action , however trivial in itself ; and all the actions of her life were ennobled by the motive of obedience to an all-powerful Being , because he is the pure essence of wisdom and goodness . In the virtue of those who had not the consoling belief of the Christian , she still saw the handwriting of God , that cannot be effaced from a generous mind ; and she used to dwell with delight on the idea that the good man , from whose eyes the light of faith was withheld in this life , would arise with rapture in the next , to the knowledge that a happiness was in store for him which he had not dared to believe . “ It was not the extent of her intellectual endowments that made her the object of veneration to all who knew her ; it was her extraordinary moral energy . The clear and vigorous view she took of every subject arose chiefly from her habit of looking directly for its bearing on virtue or happiness ; she saw the essential at a glance , or could not be diverted from the truth by a passion or a prejudice . Hence , also , her lofty undeviating justice ; her regard to the rights of others was so scrupulous , that every one within reach of her influence reposed on her decisions with unhesitating trust ; nor would the certainty that the interests of those she loved best were involved , have cast a shadow of doubt over her stainless impartiality . “ She could be deceived , for she was too simple and lofty always to conceive the objects of base minds :— “ ‘ And oft , though wisdom wake , suspicion sleeps At wisdom 's gate , and to simplicity Resigns her charge , while goodness thinks no ill , Where no ill seems . ’ Paradise Lost . “ Nevertheless , she generally read the characters of artifice and insincerity with intuitive quickness , though it was often believed she was duped by those whom she saw through completely . Of this she was aware , but she was so exempt from all desire to prove her sagacity , that she never cared to correct the misconception ; and she held that it was neither useful nor quite justifiable to expose all the pretences we may discover , till it became necessary to set the unwary on their guard . “ She never renounced the innocent pleasures or pursuits of life , nor the proprieties of a distinguished station , though she partook so little of its luxuries , that she could pass from the splendour of her own establishment to one the most confined , apparently without sensibility to the change . Wherever she moved , she inspired joy and cheerfulness ; yet she was by no means unreserved , except to those she tenderly loved , and it was surprising how any manner so gentle , could at the same time oppose a barrier so impassable to the advances of the unworthy . She enjoyed the beauty of nature with passion . Her mind , at an advanced age , had all the elasticity and animation of the prime of life , and she could be led to forget half the night in the excitement of conversation . Happy were the hours spent with her in the discussion of every subject that could call forth her opinions , and her wide knowledge of the eventful times in which she had lived !— hours that exalted the feelings , informed the understandings , and animated the playfulness of younger minds , who found that forty years of difference between their age and hers , took nothing from their sympathies , but added a new and rare delight to their intercourse . “ But she is gone ! To those who knew her , her counsels are silent and her place void ; but there remains the distinct consciousness , that to them had been given a living evidence of the true Christian spirit , for if hers were not true , than many errors be more excellent than truth ! Far distant , and with unequal steps , they endeavour to follow her course and perhaps the distaste with which they turn from the defective and ill-proportioned models that are forced on their admiration , is scarcely consistent with the charity she always taught . ” Great , indeed , is the task assigned to woman . Who can elevate its dignity ? who can exaggerate its importance ? Not to make laws , not to lead armies , not to govern empires , but to form those by whom laws are made , and armies led , and empires governed ; to guard from the slightest taint of possible infirmity the frail , and as yet spotless creature whose moral , no less than his physical , being must be derived from her ; to inspire those principles , to inculcate those doctrines , to animate those sentiments , which generations yet unborn , and nations yet uncivilized , shall learn to bless ; to soften firmness into mercy , to chasten honour into refinement , to exalt generosity into virtue ; by her soothing cares to allay the anguish of the body , and the far worse anguish of the mind ; by her tenderness to disarm passion ; by her purity to triumph over sense ; to cheer the scholar sinking under his toil ; to console the statesman for the ingratitude of a mistaken people ; to be the compensation for hopes that are blighted , for friends that are perfidious , for happiness that has passed away . Such is her vocation — the couch of the tortured sufferer , the prison of the deserted friend , the scaffold of the godlike patriot , the cross of a rejected Saviour ; these are the scenes of woman 's excellence , these are the theatres on which her greatest triumphs have been achieved . Such is her destiny — to visit the forsaken , to attend to the neglected ; amid the forgetfulness of myriads to remember — amid the execrations of multitudes to bless ; when monarchs abandon , when counsellors betray , when justice persecutes , when brethren and disciples fly , to remain unshaken and unchanged ; and to exhibit , on this lower world , a type of that love — pure , constant , and ineffable — which in another world we are taught to believe the best reward of virtue . A PLEA FOR ANCIENT TOWNS AGAINST RAILWAYS . It is impossible to look , without surprise , to the progress of the railway system since the first experiment in 1830 . The Liverpool and Manchester line was opened in the September of that year , at an expense of £. 1 , 200 , 000 ; and in the thirteen years since that period , line after line has been laid down and opened for traffic , till the completed railways amount to many hundred miles in length , and the expenditure of capital has been many millions of money . The advantages of a line between Manchester and Liverpool were obvious . It connected the two towns — the importing and the manufacturing — which needed connexion the most ; and , in fact , the harbour gained an enormous manufacturing population , and the population gained a harbour . The outlay , prodigious as it was , was found a profitable investment ; but the benefits of the improvement were so great that the mere profits on the undertaking , as a pecuniary speculation , were lost sight of , in the higher view of the impetus given to the trade of these two main seats of our commercial enterprize . It became a national undertaking ; Birmingham and the other wealthy towns were determined to have the same advantage ; London became , of course , the great centre to which every new line tended ; and in an incredibly short space of time , at an incredible expenditure of money , the iron and cotton emporiums of the north , the packet stations of the south and south-west , the agricultural and manufacturing districts of the north-east , all were moved into the actual neighbourhood of the capital . The beautiful Southampton water flowed within three hours of the Bank . Ipswich was not much further off than Hammersmith ; and Bath and Bristol were but a morning 's drive from Buckingham palace or Windsor . What has been the effect of all these improvements , and to what do they all tend ? If the whole prosperity of a nation depended on rapidity of conveyance , there could be but one answer to the enquiry — but even in that case the prosperity must depend on rapidity of conveyance between the particular places which the railway unites — Manchester and Liverpool , Birmingham and London , and generally the great towns at the termini , and some throughout all of the intermediate stations , have cause to rejoice in the improvement . And land and houses in the neighbourhood have increased in value , their correspondence is conducted in half the time , and money is of course distributed in fertilizing rills by the crowds of travellers who pass through them on their way to join the train . But these advantages are local , and an opinion is now gaining ground that they are obtained at the expense of other places . What possible benefit can accrue to a town or neighbourhood near which the railway passes , but where there is no station ? Can it encourage the trade of such a town as Dangley or Standon to know , that the five or six thousand beings who are whirled past them , with almost invisible rapidity , every day , arrive in Liverpool in ten hours after leaving London ? On the contrary , is it not found to be directly injurious to them by the encouragement it gives to towns and villages more favourably situated ; while their inns become deserted , their tradespeople are drifted out of the great stream of business , their turn-pikes are ruined , and grass grows in their streets . Let us take any one of the great lines , and see the number of towns whose ancient prosperity it has destroyed . From London to York a few years ago , ten or twelve coaches gave life and animation to all the places they passed through . Their hotels and commercial rooms were filled at every blowing of the guard 's horn ; tradespeople looked out from behind their counters with a smile , as , with a dart and rattle , the four thoroughbred greys pulled the well-known fast coach up the street , loaded inside and out . They became proud of their Tally-ho , or Phenomenon ; they got their newspapers and parcels “ with accuracy and despatch , ” and enjoyed the natural advantages of their situation . Now the case is altered ; a two-horse coach , or perhaps an omnibus , jumbles occasionally to the railway station , and the traveller complains that it takes him longer time to go the ten or twelve miles across the country than all the rest of the journey . Then he grumbles at the inconvenience of changing his mode of conveyance , and only revisits the out-of-the-way place when he cannot avoid it . A person settling in one of these towns twenty years ago , establishing trade , buying or building premises , in the belief that , however business may alter from other causes , his geographical position must , at all events , continue unchanged , must be as much astonished as was Macbeth at the migratory propensities of Birnam forest , when he perceives that towns a hundred miles down the road have actually walked between him and London ; get their town parcels much earlier , and have digested and nearly forgotten their newspaper , while he is waiting in a fever of expectation to know whether rums is much riz or sugars is greatly fell . He calls for a branch railway to put him on equal terms ; but a vast hill , perhaps , rises between him and the main line — it would cost forty thousands pounds a mile — he must bore an enormous tunnel , and fill up a prodigious valley , and the united wealth of all the shopkeepers in the town would fall far short of the required half million . He sinks down in sheer despair , or takes to drinking with the innkeeper , who has already had an attack of delirium tremens , gives up the Times newspaper for the Weekly Despatch , and thinks Mr Frost a much injured character , and Rebecca a Welsh Hampden . The railway has touched his pocket , and the iron has entered into his soul . He feels as if he lived at the Land'shYpppHeNEnd , or had emigrated to the back woods of America . All the world goes at a gallop , and he creeps . Finally , he is removed to Hanwell , and endeavours to persuade Dr Conolly that he is one of Stephenson 's engines , and goes hissing and spurting in fierce imitation of Rapid or Infernal . And all this is the natural consequence of having settled in an ancient city inaccessible to rails . A list could easily be made out that would astonish any one who had not reflected on the subject before , of cities and towns which must yield up their relative rank to more aspiring neighbourhoods on whom the gods of steam and iron have smiled . It will be sufficient to point out a few instances in some of the main lines of mail-coach travelling , and see what their position is now . Let us go to Lincoln , region of fens and enterprize , of fat land and jolly yeomen . The mail is just ready to start ; we pay our fare , and , after seeing our luggage carefully deposited in the recesses of the boot , we mount beside the red-faced , much-becoated individual who is flickering his whip in idle listlessness on the box ; the guard gives a triumphal shout on his short tin horn , the flickering of the whip ceases , the horses snort and paw , and finally , in a tempest of sound and a whirlwind of dust , we career onward from the Saracen 's head , and watch the stepping of the stately team with pride and exultation — a hundred and forty miles before us , and thirteen hours on the road . In fifty-five minutes we are at Barnet — pick up a stout gentleman and plethoric portmanteau in the green shades of Little Heath lane ; and dashing through Hatfield , as if we were announcing Waterloo , change horses again at Stanborough . Away , away , the coach and we , with two very jolly fellows on the roof , and cross in due time the beautiful river Lea , scattering letter-bags at every gentleman 's lodge as we pass , with a due proportion of fish-baskets and other diminutive parcels . Hedges , row after row , dance past us with all their leaves and blossoms — milestone after milestone is merrily left behind — we have crossed the Maran , the Joel ; the sluggish Ouse , trotted gaily on under the shadow of the episcopal towers of Buckden , and perform wonders with a knife and fork , in the short space of twenty minutes , in the comfortable hotel at Stamford . Refreshed and invigorated with a couple of ducks and a vast goblet of home-brewed — for it is well known we and all other good subjects are rigid anti-Mathewsians — we continue our course through unnumbered villages and market towns , Coltersworth , Spittlegate , Ponton , Grantham , till Newark opens her hospitable gates ; and finally , as “ the shades of eve begin to fall , ” we descend from our proud eminence and commit ourselves to the tender attentions of a civil landlord , two waiters , and a stout chambermaid , in the chief inn of the good town of Lincoln . Many coaches followed our track . Like the waves of the summer , as one rolled away , another as bright and as shining , came on . Every lane formed a “ terminus , ” where a motion of the hand gave notice to the coachman that a passenger wished to get in ; and it is impossible to doubt that the traffic along that smooth and wide highway was a source of prosperity to the whole neighbourhood . The coaches are now off the road — the letters are carried by a mail train , and forwarded across in a high gig with red wheels , and the liveliness and bustle of all the villages and country towns are gone — a few more years , and the ruin of every turnpike trust in England will be another proof of the irresistible power of steam . It is not contended that rapid intercommunication is an evil ; or even that the towns we have mentioned , and hundreds of others , in all parts of the country , do not participate in the advantage , to the extent of being within a shorter distance of London than they were before ; for it is evident , that to go to Lincoln would occupy less time if you went to Leicester by the railroad , and travelled the remaining miles by coach . But this is what we maintain — that towns or lines of road through which the railway runs , have an undue advantage — and that the prosperity so acquired , is at the expense of the towns which are not only at a distance from the new mode of communication , but are deprived of the old . Twelve years ago , upwards of a hundred coaches passed through Oxford in the four-and-twenty hours . We will be bound to say , not half a dozen pass through it now ; and whatever the University may think upon the subject , it is certain that the alteration is of great detriment to the town , and makes little less difference to the Corn-market and High Street , than the turning the course of the Thames would do to Westminster and Wapping . Who is to keep the beautiful roads by Henley and High Wickham in repair ? And who is to restore a value to the inns at the tidy comfortable towns along the line ? Will the prosperity of Steveton bring back the gaieties of Tetsworth or Beaconsfield , and the numerous villages within an easy distance of the road ? We repeat it — the towns which formerly enjoyed the natural advantages of their geographical position , are now deprived of them ; they become subordinates instead of principals , and will sink more and more , as new competitors arise in the towns which will infallibly gather round every railway station . In every county there are numbers of towns whose fate is sealed , unless some great effort is made to preserve their existence : Marlborough , Devizes , Hindon , Guildford , Farnham , Petersfield , the whole counties of Rutland and Dorset , and the greater part of Lincoln , besides hundreds , or probably thousands , of other places of inferior note . But what is the effort that should be made , and how are the parties interested to bring their powers to bear in staving off the destruction that threatens them ? It is to these points we are now about to address ourselves ; and we trust , in spite of the lightness of some parts of this paper ; the real weight of the subject will command the notice of all who feel anxious to benefit any neighbourhood in the position of some of those we have mentioned . And the attention of the trustees of high-roads throughout the kingdom is solicited to the following suggestions . It is conceded on all hands , that where speed is required in draught , the horse cannot compete with mechanical power . At three miles an hour , the horse is the most perfect locomotive machine ; but if his velocity be increased to ten , most of his power is consumed in moving himself . The average exertion in each horse in a four-horse heavy coach , is calculated by the author of the excellent Treatise on Draught , appended to the work published on the Horse by the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge , not to be equal to a strain of more than 62-1 / 2 lbs ., and at twelve miles an hour to be barely 40 lbs . It is therefore useless to rely oh horse-power to enable a neighbourhood to retain its advantages in competition with a railway . To meet this difficulty many ingenious men turned their attention to the possibility of inventing a steam-engine applicable to common roads ; and although , in several instances , their experiments succeeded , and many of the difficulties were overcome , still it is not to be denied that , on the whole , macadamized roads are not adapted to locomotive machines . Even when the road is in the best possible condition , the concussion is found so great as materially to interfere with the action of the machinery ; and if the road be slightly muddy , or sandy , or newly gravelled , the draught will be double , or even treble what it is on the same road when free from dirt or dust . The author of the Treatise on Draught , accordingly , concludes against the use of steam-carriages on common roads , chiefly on account of their want of uniform hardness and smoothness , and the consequent wear and tear of the coach . “ Perfection in a road , ” he says , “ would be a plain , level , hard surface ; ” and in another passage — “ Hardness , therefore , and consequently the absence of dust and dirt , which is easily crushed or displaced , is the grand desideratum in roads . ” These opinions were published in 1831 , and since that period the desideratum has been supplied . A method of preparing a road has been discovered , uniting all the qualities required for the perfection of a highway . We allude to the system recently introduced of paving a road with wood . On this smooth and hard surface a steam coach goes more easily than on iron rails , and the expense of laying it down is trifling in comparison . At a meeting of the South-eastern Railway Company in July 1843 , a branch line to Maidstone , ten miles in length , was proposed ; and as the directors were satisfied it would be beneficial to the parent line , they determined to raise £. 149 , 300 , on loan notes or mortgage , to complete it . This gives an expenditure of £. 15 , 000 a mile , and , judging from the estimate of other lines , the estimate is exceedingly low . For less than a third of the sum , the distance could have been laid down in wood without interfering with the traffic of the present road ; for one great advantage of the proposed method consists in this , that by setting aside a portion of the present highway , where it is wide enough , or widening it a few feet where it is too narrow , the turnpike would derive a considerable income from the steam-coaches , and the traffic would continue in its accustomed channels . Where a portion of the road was set apart for the sole use of the steam-coaches , they could travel at a very considerable rate , and at a third of the expense of horse-power . And even if the wooden lines were laid down on the common road , with no exclusive barriers between them and other vehicles , a speed of fifteen or sixteen miles an hour could be maintained with perfect safety to themselves and the public . On the 27th of April last year , Mr Squire tried his steam-carriage in the streets of London , and ran along the macadamized part , then in fine condition , at the rate of fifteen miles an hour . On coming to the wooden pavement the difference was at once perceptible ; and he pronounced that on such roads he should have no difficulty in keeping up a velocity of thirty miles an hour . In other respects , his carriage appeared to be perfect , and was guided with much greater facility than an ordinary coach . This gentleman had run his carriage on common roads with great success ; and the experiments made in 1831 had attracted so much notice , that a Parliamentary Committee was appointed in that year ; and another in 1834 , to examine into the subject . As the decision of these committees was eminently favourable , in spite of the difficulties , at that time generally thought insurmountable , arising from the nature of the highways to be travelled on , we shall quote some portion of their reports , from which it will be seen that all other difficulties were overcome . Mr Goldsworthy Gurney , the first inventor of steam-coaches adapted for common roads , says in his evidence — “ I have always found the most perfect command in guiding these carriages . Suppose we were going at the rate of eight miles an hour , we could stop immediately . In case of emergency , we could instantly throw the steam on the reverse side of the piston , and stop within a few yards . The stop of the carriage is singular ; it would be supposed that the momentum would carry it far forward , but it is not so ; the steam brings it up gradually and safely , though rather suddenly — I would say within six or seven yards . On a declivity , we are well stored with apparatus : we have three different modes of dragging the carriage . ” “ You stated in your former evidence , that you anticipated that passengers would be carried at one-half the rate by your steam-carriages that they are by the common carriages ; what difference in the ordinary expences of carriage would it make , if you had a paved road for this purpose ? “ I think it would reduce the expense to one-half again . ” “ To what velocity could you increase your present rate of travelling with your engine ? ” “ I have stated that the velocity is limited by practical experience only ; theoretically it is limited only by quantity of steam . Twelve miles , I think , we could keep up steadily , and run with great safety . The extreme rate that we have run , is between twenty and thirty miles an hour . ” “ What is the greatest number of passengers you have taken on that carriage ? ” “ Thirty-six passengers and their luggage . The greatest weight we could draw by that carriage , at the rate of ten miles an hour , is from forty to fifty hundred-weight . The greatest weight we ever drew on the common road , at a rate of from five to six miles an hour , was eleven tons . We made the experiment on the Bristol road . The weight of the drawing carriage was upwards of two tons ; it drew five times its own weight . The eleven tons included the weight of the drawing carriage , and I did not consider that its maximum power . ” In a very scientific and interesting Treatise on Locomotion , by Mr Alexander Gordon , a civil engineer of eminence , we find an account given of the trial of power alluded to by Mr Gurney . A pair of three feet wheels were used on the hind axle , and the engine drew with ease a large waggon loaded with cast-iron . After going about a mile and a quarter , a cart also loaded with cast-iron was attached to the waggon . The engine started with these loaded carriages , and returned to Gloucester . The additional weight made so little apparent difference to the engine , that on the way back several persons among the spectators got up and rode ; the number altogether amounted to twenty-six . The united weight amounted to ten tons . Going into Gloucester , there is a rise of one foot in twenty , or twenty-five . Two great objections were advanced by the opponents of the proposed innovation , which are most emphatically answered by the Report of the Committee of 1834 . Even in 1831 , the Committee reported as follows :— “ It has frequently been urged against these carriages , that wherever they may be introduced , they must effectually prevent all other travelling on the road , as no horse will bear the noise and smoke of the engine . The Committee believe that these statements are unfounded . Whatever noise may be complained of , arises from the present defective construction of the machinery , and will be corrected as the makers of such carriages gain greater experience . Admitting even that the present engines do work with some degree of noise , the effect on horses has been greatly exaggerated . All the witnesses accustomed to travel in these carriages , even in the crowded roads adjacent to the metropolis , have stated , that horses are very seldom frightened in passing . ” But in 1834 , the report is still more conclusive on this point . Mr Macneil , a distinguished civil engineer , gives the following evidence :— “ At the time the Committee sat in 1831 , I could speak as to having seen only one steam-carriage on a turnpike road , and as to the effect on horses that passed it on the road . From considerable experience since that time , I am quite certain , that in a very short period there will be no complaint of horses being frightened by steam-carriages . I do not know that I have seen more than two or three horses in all my experience , that were at all frightened by any of the carriages . I travelled with , and I have passed many times through some of the most crowded streets in London and in Birmingham , in steam-carriages . I have also seen horses out in the morning , led by grooms , which would in all probability be startled by any object at all likely to frighten a horse , and they did not take the least notice of the engine . At another time , several ladies passed on horseback without the least alarm , and some of them rode close after the carriage , and alongside of it , as long as they could keep up with it . ” This evidence is corroborated by all the other witnesses ; and great as the noise , and fearful as the horrid gasping of the engine may be , we are not prepared to say that terror may not as naturally be excited in the heart of the most gallant of Houyeneans by the thunder and glitter of a fast coach , rushing downhill at the rate of sixteen miles an hour . In fact , the horse that has ceased — like a young lady after her second season — to be shy , will care no more for a steam-engine than a tilted waggon . And it is decidedly our private and confidential opinion , from a long experience of vivacious roadsters , that a quadruped which maintains its equanimity on encountering a baker 's cart with an awning , will face the noisiest and most vociferous of boilers . But granting that the committee is right in coming to this conclusion as far as regards the danger arising to horses , the other objection we alluded to was a poser , from which we shall be glad to see how they extricate themselves — we mean the injury done to the turnpike road . Why , it turns out that a steam-coach does no injury at all ; but , from the necessity it is under to sport the widest and strongest of wheels , it acts as a sort of roller , and might pass for a deputy Macadam . Mr Macneil , who has had great experience in road surveying , says that , even in 1831 , he had stated that , from the examination he had made as to the wear of iron in the shoes of horses , compared with the wear on the tire of the wheels of carriages , the injury done to the turnpike roads would be much less by steam-carriages than that done by mail and stage coaches drawn by horses . Since then , “ I have had practical experience on this point , and have carefully examined the roads in different parts of the country where steam-carriages have been running , and I have every reason to believe the opinion I then gave was correct ; indeed , I have not the least doubt in my mind , that if steam-carriages ran generally on the turnpike roads of the kingdom , one-half of the annual expense of the repairs of these roads would be saved . ” It is supposed that the tolls throughout England are let for more than a million and a half a-year ! A saving of one half in this enormous amount would fructify in the pockets ( now remarkably in need of some process of the kind ) of the public , to the entire satisfaction of Rebecca and all her daughters . And yet with this evidence , of perhaps the best practical authority on the subject , before their eyes , let us see what the wiseacres of certain rural districts did to encourage economy and inland transit . By means of a tremendous instrument of tyranny called a local act , ( for which the Grand Sultan would be very glad to exchange his firman ,) the road trustees of various neighbourhoods have laid an embargo on all steam carriages , by enacting intolerable payments . Thus on the Liverpool and Prescot road , a steam-carriage would be charged £. 2 , 8s . ; while a loaded stage-coach would pay only four shillings ! On the Bathgate road the same carriage would be charged £. 1 , 7s . 1d . ; while a coach drawn by four horses would pay five shillings . On the Ashburnham and Totness road , steam would pay £. 2 ; and a four-horse coach three shillings . And how did these sages settle the rates of payment ? The reader would never guess , so we will tell him at once-they charged for each horse power as if the boiler contained a whole stud , all trampling the road to atoms with iron shoes ; whereas they ought have let the broad-wheeled carriage go free , if , indeed , they were not called on to pay it a certain sum each journey for the benefit it did the highway . Such was the evidence that led the committee to decide , in 1834 , on the practicability , the safety , and economy of running steam-carriages on common roads . It will be sufficient to give a list of the witnesses examined , to show that the highest authorities were consulted before the report was framed . They were — Mr Goldsworthy Gurney . Walter Hancock . John Farey , civil engineer . Richard Trevethick . Davies Gilbert , M. P ., president of the Royal Society . Nathanael Ogle . Alexander Gordon , civil engineer . Joseph Gibbs . Thomas Telford , president of the Institution of Civil Engineers . William A. Summers . James Stone . James Macadam , road surveyor . John Macneil , civil engineer , and Colonel Torrens , M. P . Since the date of the last Report railways have run their titanic course ; and whether from the opposition of wise road trustees , or a want of enterprise in steam-carriage proprietors , or from some other cause , steam locomotion on common roads has not made any progress . But , in spite of the powerful evidence we have quoted , we cannot conceal from ourselves that there was always an if or a but attached to the complete triumph of the new system . The if and the but , it will be seen , had reference to the nature of the road . Mr Macneil and the other able and scientific gentlemen examined , all concurred in calling for a vast improvement on the highways to be travelled on — “ a smooth and well-dressed pavement ” — “ a hard pavement ” — “ a smooth pavement on a solid foundation ” — they all agree in thinking indispensable to the complete triumph of steam . “ If on the road , ” says Mr Macneil , “ from London to Birmingham , there were a portion laid off on the side of the road for steam carriages , and if it be made in a solid manner , with pitching and well-broken granite , it would fall very little short of a railroad . It would be easy to fence it off from fifteen to twenty feet without injury to property . ” And a statement to the same effect was made in November 1833 , to which the following names are appended :— Thomas Telford , P. I. C. E . John Rickman , commissioner for Highland roads and bridges . C. W . Pasley , colonel royal engineers . Bryan Donkin , manufacturing engineer . T. Bramah , civil engineer . James Simpson , manufacturing engineer . John Thomas , civil engineer . Joshua Field , manufacturing engineer . John Macneil , civil engineer . Alexander Gordon , civil engineer . William Carpmael , civil engineer . “ There can be no doubt , ” say they , “ that a well-constructed engine , a steam-carriage conveyance between London and Birmingham , at a velocity unattainable by horses , and limited only by safety , may be maintained ; and it is our conviction that such a project might be undertaken with great advantage to the public , more particularly if , as might obviously be the case , without interfering with the general use of the road , a portion of it were to be prepared and kept in a state most suitable for travelling in locomotive steam-carriages . ” But in this is the whole difficulty as far as regards the best granite road ; for , supposing for a moment that all the other conditions were fulfilled — that it was hard and smooth — one great element is to be taken into consideration , from which no skill and science can exempt the best and firmest Macadam ; and that is the effect of atmospheric changes on the surface of the road . The difference of tractive power in summer and winter must be immense , and the great disadvantage of mechanical , as compared with animal draught , is its want of adaptability to the exigencies of an ordinary road . A steam-carriage of ten horse power cannot under any circumstances , when it encounters a newly mended part of the road , or a softer soil , put forth an additional power for a minute or two , as a team of horses can do ; so that equality of exertion is nearly indispensable for the full advantage of an engine . We accordingly find that the opponents of steam-travelling on common roads , gained their object by covering the highway with a coating of broken stones fourteen inches deep . Through this it was impossible to force the coach without such a strain as to displace or otherwise injure the machinery . But when a system of locomotion , containing so many advantages , has so nearly been brought to perfection , in spite of the many difficulties presented by the common modes of making a road , it would be inconceivable blindness in the parties interested in the subject to overlook the certain mode of success offered to them , by merely laying down a portion of the road in wood . Who those parties are we have already pointed out . They are the inhabitants and owners of property in towns and neighbourhoods at some distance from railway traffic ; and if the proprietors of great lines of railway saw their own interest , they would be foremost in adopting the new method as an auxiliary , and not view it as a rival or an enemy . For it is very evident that nothing can be so beneficial to a railway already in operation as a branch line , by which a hitherto unopened district can be united to their stations . And the difference of expense between the two systems — namely , between an iron railway and a wooden pavement — is so great , that the latter is scarcely beyond the power of the poorest neighbourhood . An iron branch was at one time proposed between Steventon and Oxford . The same sum which would have been required for this purpose , according to the estimates , would have laid down an excellent road in wood from Steventon through Oxford to Rugby ; thus connecting the three great arteries of the country — the Great Western , the Birmingham , and the Midland Counties Railways . It will be found that the great lines of railway have been forced , at an unavoidable and foreseen loss , to spread out minor or tributary lines , which , if the system of wood-paving had been in existence , might have been laid down at less than a third of the expense , and producing a proportionate profit . This view of the case has not been altogether neglected , for it has been dwelt on at some length in an able pamphlet on “ the Use of Mechanical Power in Draught on Turnpike Roads , with reference to the new system of Wood Paving . ” It is evidently the work of a practical man , who has deeply studied the subject . “ No part of the community , ” he says , “ are likely to benefit so largely by the introduction of the new system as the holders of railway shares . For though , in all probability , the railroads would not have been constructed to their present extent had the virtues of wood paving been earlier known , yet it would be absurd to contend that the wooden road will ever be able to compete with the existing iron lines . The new principle , however , may be most usefully adopted by the railway companies themselves , in the formation of branches or tributary roads , the completion of which has hitherto entailed on them enormous expense unattended by corresponding benefits . The proposed system , at all events , is worth a trial by many other towns besides the one chosen for illustration by the author of the pamphlet . He fixes on Shrewsbury , a place already on the decline , and not likely to recover its former prosperity , unless it can establish steam communication with the great lines of railway at Wolverhampton . “ But capitalists , ” he adds , “ who see the small amount of dividend paid to their shareholders by the minor railways , can no longer be induced to embark their money in similar undertakings . Let a portion , however , of the noble , but now half-deserted , Holyhead road be paved with wood , and for a comparatively trifling cost of less than £. 50 , 000 , in six months from the present time steamers could be enabled to run along the entire line with safety , infinitely greater than , and speed almost equal to , that on the Birmingham Railway . ” We feel sure that these considerations need only to be stated to have their due weight , and we shall be greatly surprised if an effort is not soon made to avoid the ruin impending over so many towns . Among others , the beautiful town of Salisbury should take an interest in this matter ; for what can be more evident that she will fall rapidly to decay , if she cannot establish a steam communication with Southampton on one side , and Bath and Bristol on the other . Salisbury , above all other places , ought to know the value of a good road ; for she has the fate of her elder sister Sarum before her eyes . Decay — disfranchisement — contempt will assuredly be her lot , if she allows herself to be treated in the same way as the venerable Sarum was in the days of her youth — for do not the antiquaries tell us what was the cause of Sarum 's fall ? It has , in fact , become so notorious , that it has even got into Topographical Dictionaries . “ About this time , ” the reign of Edward the First , “ Bishop Bridport built a bridge at Harnham , and thus changing the direction of the Great Western Road , which formerly passed through Old Sarum , that place was completely deserted , and Salisbury became one of the most flourishing cities of the kingdom . ” The same will be recorded of her by future chroniclers , if she do not seize this opportunity of retrieving her possession of “ the Great Western Road . ” “ In the reign of Queen Victoria , a railroad being established at some distance from Salisbury , and the traffic being thus diverted from it , which once formed the great source of its prosperity , it became completely deserted ; Shaftesbury , Sturminster , and Sherborne , shared in her ruin ; and Swindon became one of the most flourishing places in the kingdom . ” We cannot think so meanly of our countrymen , as to suppose that they will yield like white-livered cravens , and die without a struggle ; and in thus raising the voice of Maga to warn them of their danger , and instruct them how to avoid it , we consider that we are doing the state some service , and pointing out new means profitable employment for the capital of the rich , and the labour of the poor . COMMERCIAL POLICY — SHIPS , COLONIES , AND COMMERCE . Who , standing on the shore , has not seen , as the gale freshened into storm and swelled into the hurricane , the waves of the clear green sea gradually lose their brightness , until raking up from the lowest depths , convulsed with the mighty strife of the elements , the very obscene dregs and refuse of all matter terreous , or instinct of life , the mounting billows become one thick and unsightly mass of turbid waters , chafing with all the foam and froth of the unclean scourings of the deep , rioting in the ascendant ? As in the world physical , so is it with the order of nature in the world moral and political . As the social horizon becomes troubled , as reform careers on to revolution , the empire of mind is overwhelmed — the brute matter and fiercer spirits of the masses ascend , and ride the tempest political more triumphantly as incipient confusion thickens into confirmed chaos . The bad eminence popularly of men so devoid of all principle and integrity , so strangely uncouth and assorted , as the Daniel O'Connells , the John M'Hales , and the Feargus O'Connors ; of men so unlearned in all principle , political and economical — so wanting , moreover , in the presence of the higher order of moral sentiments , as the Cobdens , the Brights , the Rory O'Mores , the Aucklands , and Sydney ( he of the League ) Smiths , is among the worst symptoms of the diseased times upon which the country has fallen . It recalls forcibly to mind , it reproduces the opening scenes and the progress , the men and the machinery , of the first French Revolution , the precursor of so many more , upon the last act of the last fashioned melodrama of which the curtain has not yet probably descended . How then the meaner spirits succeeded in the whirlwind of change , to the mightier minds which first conjured and hoped to control it ; how the Mirabeaux , the Lally Tollendals , the Mouniers of the Assembly , were replaced and popularly displaced by the sophists and intriguers of the Gironde and the Constituent ; how , in the Convention and the hall of the Jacobins , the coarser men of the whole movement — the Dantons , the Robespierres , the Marats , the facetious as ferocious Bareres , the stupid Anacharsis Clootzes — trampled under foot , or finished with the guillotine , the phraseurs and meneurs of the Gironde , your orators of set speech , glittering abstractions , and hair-splitting definitions ; the Brissots , Vergniauds , Condorcets , and Rolands , who could degrade , dethrone , and condemn a king to perpetual imprisonment , but were just too dainty of conscience to go the whole hog of murder . As history , like an old almanack , does but repeat itself within a given cycle of years , so the same round , cast , and change of characters and characteristics , with all the other paraphernalia of the great drama , Reform and Revolution , as performed in France , have been , and are in due order enacting and exhibiting in this country . We have already seen , however , the Greys , Hollands , and Broughams , the fathers and most eloquent apostles of Reform , dethroned by a clique of large talkers about great principles , with a comparatively small stock of ideas to do business on , such as Mr appropriation Ward , the Tom Duncombes , Villierses , & c ., men vastly inferior in talents and attainments , after all , to the Gironde , of whom they are the imitatores servum pecus ; whilst these again “ give place ” on the pressure from without of the one-idea endowed tribe of Repealers of Unions and Corn-Laws — the practical men of the Mountain genus — the O'Connells , Cobdens , and Brights , who , not yet so fierce as their predecessors of the Robespierre and Clootz dynasty , are so far content with patronising the “ strap and billy roller ” in factories , instead of carting aristocrats to the guillotine , which may come hereafter , if , as they say , appetites grow with what they feed on . For it is a fact recorded in history , that Robespierre himself was naturally a man of mild temperament and humane disposition , converted into a sanguinary monster , as some wild beasts are , with the first taste of human blood . Anacharsis Clootz , his coadjutor , the celebrated “ orator of the human race , ” in his day , was at least a free trader as thorough-going , as eminently eloquent and popular a leader , as Mr Cobden himself . On the present occasion , our business chiefly lies with the gentleman known as Mr Alderman Richard Cobden , M. P . for the borough of Stockport , one of the first samples sent up of municipal and representative reform achievement . Mr Cobden is an example of successful industry when translated to a proper sphere of action . Fortunate in the maternal relationship of a Manchester warehouseman , domiciliated in the classic regions of cotton and Cheapside , he was taken as an “ odd lad ” into the establishment . In process of time he was advanced to the more honourable grade of traveller , in days of yore styled “ bagman , ” to the concern . Somewhere about 1825 or 1826 , we find him transplanted to Manchester , in partnership with two other persons of the same craft and trading position , where they enjoyed the patronage of the late Mr Richard Fort , an extensive calico-printer , at , and in his latter years member for , the borough of Clitheroe in the north of Lancashire . He leased to them one of his print-works near Chorley , and such , it is understood , was the success of the trio , that when , after a partnership of some thirteen or fourteen years , they separated , the division of fairly won spoil accruing to each was not less than £. 30 , 000 . Within the space of fourteen years say , industry had created out of nothing the incredible sum of £. 90 , 000 . During his travels , like Jemmy the sandman , for orders , Mr Cobden became initiated into the science of “ spouting ; ” he became the oracle and orator of bars and travellers ’ rooms ; the observed of all observers , from the gentlemen of the road down to waiters , barmaids , and boots . The roadsters of his , as of these days , were no longer , however , of the same high-toned class as that of the “ bagmen ” in times gone by . Tradition tells now only of the splendid turns-out , the dinner-table luxury , the educated commercial polish , the “ feast of reason and the flow of soul ” enjoyment , of a race defunct ; the degenerate crew of Cobden 's association , with wages cut down to short common commissions , dined not at home ; tea and turn-in , with a sleeping draught of whisky toddy , were the staples of mine host 's bill . Such is briefly the report of the rise and progress of Mr Cobden in the world , as we have it from quarters entitled to regard ; various exaggerated statements about his hundreds of thousands acquired , are afloat as usual in cases where men spring from nothing ; his trading career has been sufficiently prosperous and extraordinary , not to be rendered incredible by ridiculous inventions of friends or foes . About the locale of his birth and residence , of his origin and antecedents , Mr Cobden himself ever maintains a guarded silence , as if , with aristocratical airs growing with his fortunes , he were ashamed , and would cast the slough of family poverty and plebeianship ; or perhaps he calculates on leaving the world , Sussex at least , hereafter to dispute the honours of his paternity like another Homer . Mr Cobden is but a type , not of the highest cast either , of the manufacturing operatives of Lancashire . You will find his equal in one at least out of every ten of the adult factory workmen of Lancashire , whose wits are sharpened by everyday conflict and debate in clubs and publics ; you will often meet his superior in those self-educated classes . We have not unfrequently read speeches at public meetings by intelligent operatives in Lancashire , which showed a more profound acquaintance with , and greater powers of development of the rationale of political and economical philosophy , in single instances , than can be discovered in the mass of harangues poured forth by Mr Cobden , were the flowers ever so carefully culled and separated from the loads of trashy weed . His forte consists in a coarse but dauntless intrepidity , with which respectability and intellect shrink from encounter . The country squire , educated and intelligent , but retiring and truth-loving , retreats naturally from contest with a bold , abusive , and unscrupulous demagogue ; even the party he serves , holds off from contact and communion with him . He never quails , therefore , because never matched , unless before Mr Ferrand , the fearless member for Knaresborough — a man most ill-used , even abandoned by the very party he so signally serves ; yet who is never slow , as occasion offers , to chastise the cur which snarls whilst it crouches before him . The eloquence of Mr Cobden is of that vulgarly-exciting sort , well adapted to the level of the audiences , the scum of town populations , to which it is habitually addressed . Without the education of the late Henry Hunt , he has quite as much capacity and more tact , with the single exception , that when attempting to soar to the metaphorical he is apt to enact the ludicrous blunders of Astley 's clown aping the affected pomposity of the master ; as v. g . in the “ demon rising from the Thames with an Act of Parliament in his hands . ” Mr Alderman Cobden is , withal , a very ostentatious declaimer about “ great first principles ; ” but into the nature and the definition of those principles he is the most abstemious of all men from entering . The subtlety of a principle escapes the grasp of his intellect ; he can deal with it only as a material substance clear to sight and to touch , like a common calico . Hence he talks about principles and cotton prints as if they were convertible terms . Such as he is , Mr Cobden , it cannot be denied , fills for the present a large space in the public eye ; and so he will continue to fill until occult party supports are withdrawn , and , having served the turn , he is left to the natural operation of the principles of gravitation , and to sink to the nothingness from which he has been forced up by the political accidents and agitation of the day . Lamentably astern in economical lore and political knowledge as he is , and as the want of that educational preparation upon which alone the foundation of knowledge and of principles can be raised , has left him , Mr Cobden , it must be conceded , turns the old rags , the cast-off clothes , of other people 's crotchets to good account popularly ; he succeeds where others fail , not because he is less ignorant but because he is more fearless . But newly come into the world , as it may be said , with little learning from books , with understanding little enlarged by study , and furnished only with those clap-trap generalities , that declamatory trash , which may be gleaned from reading diligently the Radical weekly papers , Mr Cobden boldly takes for granted that all which is new to himself must be unknown to the older world about him . Thus he appropriates , without scruple , because in sheer ignorance , the ideas and discoveries , such as they are and as they seem to him , of others , his more experienced Radical contemporaries . He plunders Daniel Hardcastle , in open day , of his banking and currency dogmas ; he fleeces Bowring before his eyes of his one-sided Free Trade and Anti-corn-Law stock in business ; nay , he mounts Joseph Hume 's well-known stalking-horse against “ ships , colonies , and commerce , ” ( colonial ,) and forthwith on to the foray . Yet he alone remains unconscious of the spoliations patent to all the world besides — “ Where ignorance is bliss ‘ tis folly to be wise . ” He retails the worn-out conceits of others as new and wondrous discoveries of his own genius and profound meditation ; and all with such a simplicity and complacency of self-satisfied conviction , that you never dream or impugning the good faith with which —— “ His undoubting mind Believed the magic wonders which he sung . ” Thus has it been with him specially in the last new case of poaching on the manor of Mr Joseph Hume , whose game he unhesitatingly appropriates , disguising it only in a sauce of his own flavouring . After sundry mystical heraldings forth , at various public meetings , of a mighty state secret for the cure of all state ills , which was labouring for vent in the swelling breast of Mr Alderman Cobden , M. P ., the hour of parturition at length arrived ; he was — after the one or two hours ’ agonies of a speech delivered in the for ever memorable day of June 22 , 1843 — delivered of the mare 's nest so miraculously conceived . Here is the bantling bodily , stripped of all the swaddling-clothes of surplus verbiage in which it was enveloped on entering the world of Westminster — resolved , “ That , in the opinion of this house , it is not expedient that , in addition to the great expense to which the people of this country are subject for the civil , military , and naval establishments of the colonies , they should be compelled to pay a higher price for the productions of those colonies than that at which similar commodities could be procured from other countries , and that therefore all protective duties in favour of colonial produce ought to be abolished . ” Our “ colonial system ” was denounced by this colonial Draco as “ one of unmixed evil ; ... there was no subject upon which there was greater misapprehension than this ... the new facts he should lay before the house would , no doubt , prove his position . ” Happy the legislature illumined with the infusion of Cobden 's Bude light ; thrice blest the people , both inside and outside of the house , amongst whom , all alike , “ a great deal of misapprehension upon this point prevailed , ” whose darkness was about to be discharged by the same master mind which was , and anon is , busied in the discharge of Turkey reds from cotton chintzes at Chorley print-works . We need not remind the public , that the peculiar phrases of that disease with which the mind of Cobden is so profoundly impregnated , essentially resolve themselves into the moneymania ; the leading characteristic of the mental hallucinations with which the patient is tormented , consists in the inveterate habit of reducing all argument into arithmetical quantities ; of calculating the value of all truth at some standard rate per pound sterling , of what it might possibly produce as a matter of trade ; of confounding syllogisms with ciphers , and lumbering all logic into pounds , shillings , and pence . With diagnostics of disease so unmistakably developed , it would only be exasperation of the symptoms to exhibit remedially in other than the peculiar form which the patient fancies for the kill-or-cure-all draught ; and since he has raised the suit , of which he is the self-constituted judge , in which Cocker is pitted against the colonies , we shall even humour the conceit , and try the question with him according to the principles of law and logic , as laid down and reduced by himself into the substantial shape of a Dr. and Cr . account , balances struck in hard cash , and no mistake . Firstly , to begin with the beginning , which Mr Cobden , with customary confusion of intellect and arrangement , shoots into the midst of his arithmetic . The worthlessness of the colonies is argued upon the figures , which show that , of the total exports of the United Kingdom , but one-third is absorbed by them , whilst two-thirds are taken by foreign markets ; therefore it follows , not that the colonial trade is by 50 per cent less important than foreign , but that , relatively , it is not only of no importance at all , but , by all the amount , an absolute prejudice : such , at least , is the rule-of-three logic of the Cobden school , as , viz . :— “ They should , however , consider what the extent of their trade with the colonies was . The whole amount of their trade in 1840 was , exports £. 51 , 000 , 000 ; out of that £. 16 , 000 , 000 was exported to the colonies , including the East Indies ; but not one-third of their export trade went to the colonies . Take away £. 6 , 000 , 000 of this export trade that went to the East Indies , and they had £. 10 , 000 , 000 of exports to set against the £. 5 , 000 , 000 or £. 6 , 000 , 000 annually which was voted from the pockets of the people of this country to support these colonies . ” We shall come in season meet to the five or six millions sterling said to be voted annually “ to support the colonies . ” Now , admitting that the sixteen millions , as stated , of exports colonial do contrast unfavourably with the thirty-five millions of foreign , and that by all the difference , by more than the difference , colonial trade is disparaged in its importance , what becomes of this arithmetical illustration of the superiority of foreign trade , when by the same standard we come to measure it against the home trade , scarcely less a subject of depreciation and vituperation than the colonial , with thinkers of the same impenetrable , if not profound class as the member for Stockport ? Here , for his edification , we consign the resulting figures from the standard set up by himself , as they may be found calculated and resolved from minute detail into grand totals in the “ General Statistics of the British Empire , ” by Mr James Macqueen , an authority , perhaps , who will not be questioned by competent judges any where without the pale of the Draconian legislators of the Anti-corn-Law League . “ The yearly consumption of the population of Great Britain and Ireland for food , clothing , and lodging , ( we give the round numbers only ):— Agricultural produce for food , £. 295 , 479 , 000 Produce of manufactures , 262 , 085 , 000 Imports , ( raw produce , & c .) value as landed , 55 , 000 , 000 612 , 564 , 000 Deduct exports , 51 , 000 , 000 £. 561 , 564 , 000 ” It follows , then , that whilst foreign trade simply consumes something more than double that of colonial trade , the home trade alone amounts to eleven times over both foreign and colonial together , and by sixteen times as much the amount of foreign trade alone . Upon the hypothesis of Mr Cobden , therefore , foreign trade should be treated as of no value at all in the national sense . Having disposed of Mr Cobden according to Cocker , in reference to his arithmetical demonstrations of the superiority in point of pounds , shillings , and pence value of one sort of trade over another , we may notice some petty trickery , cunningly intended on his part , consisting in the suppression of figures and facts on the one side , and their aggregation on the other , & c ., by way of bolstering up unfairly a rotten case . He states the whole colonial trade at £. 16 , 000 , 000 only , inclusive of British India , whereas Porter 's Tables , which he must have consulted , give the total exports of Great Britain to all the world for 1840 , at £. 51 , 406 , 430 Of which colonial , 17 , 378 , 550 Remaining for foreign trade , £. 34 , 027 , 880 Mr Cobden knew well , however , that Gibraltar , Malta , and the Ionian Isles are not , and cannot be considered as , colonies . They are in fact military stations held for political and commercial objects . It would be ridiculous to suppose that the rock of Gibraltar , with a population of 15 , 000 souls , should consume of British imports alone £. 1 , 111 , 176 , the value actually entered for that port in 1840 . That amount should be accounted as to the credit of foreign export trade , and so Mr Cobden reckoned it , without , however , drawing the distinction , as he should have done . But that would have exposed the miserable chicanery of the double dealing he had in hand ; for whilst taking credit for the exports to Gibraltar as part and parcel of foreign trade , he proceeded , by way of doubly weighing the balance , to charge all the civil and military expenditure of the garrison and fortress against colonial trade , so that he treated Gibraltar as a colony in respect of its cost , and as a foreign country in respect of its trade . Cunning Isaac ! here we have his military arithmetic :— “ Upon the 1st of January in this year , their army numbered 88 , 000 rank and file . They had abroad , exclusive of India , 44 , 589 . So that more than one half of that army was stationed in their colonies ; and as it was stated by the noble lord the member for Tiverton in his evidence , for every 10 , 000 of these soldiers that they had in the colonies , 5000 were wanted in England for the purpose of exchange and recruiting . So that not only one-half , but actually three-fourths of the army were devoted to the colonies . The army estimates this year amounted to £. 6 , 225 , 000 , the portion of which sum for the colonies amounted to £. 4 , 500 , 000 . ” Now , as the garrison of Gibraltar alone consists of about 4000 men , to which add 2000 as the proportion for the reserve in England for recruiting and exchanges , it follows that of the 44 , 500 men on colonial duty , to which add the reserve in England , 22 , 250 , one-eleventh are stationed in and wanted for Gibraltar alone , the charge of which to be rateably deducted from the whole sum of £. 4 , 500 , 000 , falsely set down as incurred for the colonies , would be about £. 410 , 000 . If to this sum be added £. 275 , 000 for “ new works in Gibraltar , ” as stated by Mr Cobden himself from the estimates — ordnance expenditure , ( 1000 guns ,) £. 25 , 000 only — share of navy estimates , £. 50 , 000 only — we have a gross sum of above three quarters of a million sterling as the cost of a fortress whose sole utility , in peace or in war , is the favour and protection of foreign trade — of the trade of the Mediterranean , of which it is the key ; and the nation is saddled with this cost for , among others , the special behoof of that economical and disinterested patriot Mr Cobden himself , who trades to the shores laved by the waters of that sea , the Levant and the Dardanelles , if not the Black Sea . Why , Gibraltar alone , with its 15 , 000 of population , is more than double the charge of Canada with its million of people , one-half just emerged out of a state of rebellion , if not quasi rebellious yet . So with Malta , its garrison of about 3000 men ; and , besides , a naval squadron for protection , that island being the headquarters of the Mediterranean fleet — a fleet and a station exclusively kept up for the protection of foreign trade , if for any purpose at all . And so also with the Ionian Islands , garrisoned with 3300 troops . Taking the garrison forces of Malta and these islands at 6000 men only , with the reserve in England of 3000 more , making altogether 9000 , the rateable share of expense , according to the calculation of Mr Cobden , for the whole army , would be about £ 640 , 000 . Add to this sum the estimate of £ 410 , 000 for the garrison alone of Gibraltar , and we have the gross sum of £ 1 , 050 , 000 for the three dependencies of Gibraltar , Malta , and the Ionian Islands , under the head of those army estimates , amounting to £ 4 , 500 , 000 , which Mr Cobden veraciously charges to the account of the colonies . We purposely leave out of question for the present the consideration of the other heavy charges in naval armaments , ordnance , & c ., to which this country is subjected for the same possessions , because we have still to deduct other portions of the army expenditure set down as for colonial account — that is , as the penalty paid for keeping colonies ; whereas a foreign trade of thirty-four or thirty-five millions , costs the country nothing at all , according to the numeration tables of Mr Cobden , and therefore should be all profit . Passing from Europe , we come to Austral-Asia , where Great Britain , among others , possesses no less than three penal colonies . It will not be contended that New South Wales , Van Diemen 's Land , and Norfolk Island , were established either with economically trading or political objects ; that , in point of fact , they were established in any other sense than as metropolitan prisons , for the safe keeping , punishment , and moral reclamation and reform of those quasi incorrigible offenders , those criminal pests , by which the health of society was distempered , and its safety endangered in the parent state . Therefore , whatever the military or other expenditure incurred , it must be as much an obligation in its supreme or corporate capacities upon the state benefited , as the support of the criminal jurisdiction at home in all its ramifications , from the chief judges of the land down to the lowest turnkey at Newgate . We need not stop to enquire in what proportion the manufacturing system , with the immoral schools of radicalism , irreligionism , and Anti-corn-Law Cobdenism , have contributed to people the penal settlements , and , pro tanto , to aggrieve the national treasury . Certain it is , and a truth which will not be questioned , that by far the largest share of that criminal refuse has been cast off by and from the manufacturing districts ; and of which , therefore , the colonial trade portion indirectly contributed should be rateably the minimum , as compared with foreign trade . In his Statistics of the Colonies of the British Empire , Mr Montgomery Martin remarks of New South Wales , that “ it should be observed that a large part of the military force is required to guard the prisoners . ” Let us take the number of troops so employed at 2600 , which will not be far from the mark , the corresponding home reserve of which will be 1300 more , and we then arrive , with the help of Mr Cobden 's arithmetic , and starting from his own fixed datum of total charge , at a sum , in round numbers , of £ 265 , 000 army expenditure for the three penal colonies ; the more considerable proportion of which must at least be set down as arising indirectly from foreign trade , and certainly far the least from colonial , so far as chargeable upon either . We have next , taking Mr Cobden 's rule of practice , about £. 50 , 000 actual military expenditure in St Helena , to which add reserve in England , and a total of about £. 70 , 000 is arrived at ; which cannot be placed to colonial account as for colonial purposes , since the island is purely a military and refreshment station for vessels en route for China , India , and the seas circumflowing ; and foreign trade , therefore , as much concerned in the guilt of its expense as colonial traffic . The amount of charge , therefore , although remaining to be deducted from the colonial head , may be left as a neutral indeterminate item . But the military expenses for Singapore , Penang , and Malacca , about £. 80 , 000 , cannot be for colonial account at all , because stations merely for carrying on foreign trade , against which chargeable , with the civil establishments as well , whether in whole or in part , paid by the East India Company or not . Returning westward , we have the Bay of Honduras with a military establishment , including reserve as per Cobden , expending about £. 50 , 000 , which ranges for the far greater part within the category of the cost attending foreign trade . Then , on the West African slave-trading coast , we have Sierra Leone , with a military expenditure , actual and contingent , of about £. 25 , 000 . There are the Cape Coast Castle , Acera , Fernando Po , and other small African settlements besides , which cannot cost less , in military occupation , than some few thousands a-year , say only £. 10 , 000 , all for foreign trade , since colonization and production are nil ; and with Sierra Leone , they are only kept , or were established , for the purpose of suppressing the trade in slaves , and promoting a foreign trade in that quarter of Africa . Coming to Europe we have Heligoland , a rock in the North Sea , which , as only costing something more than £. 1000 per annum on foreign trade account , we may leave out of question . Now , without pretending on the present occasion to make up and offer an approximate estimate of the proportion of army expenditure charged against the colonies by Mr Cobden , which should be set down either to political account , as arising from the possession and maintenance of outposts necessary for defensive or defensively aggressive purposes , in case of , or for the prevention of foreign war , or for the protection and encouragement of foreign trade , in which a right large portion of the military expenditure for Jamaica , Nova Scotia , the Bahamas , Bermuda , & c ., may be regarded , we shall content ourselves with reducing his wholesale estimate of colonial army charge by the materials antecedently furnished . The reductions will stand thus , premising that in respect of Singapore , Penang , and Malacca , we have not the means of ascertaining what proportion of the charge falls upon the national treasury , as part is borne by the East India Company . Of one fact there can , however , be no doubt ; namely , that nearly the whole of that charge is incurred for the support and maintenance of foreign trade , just in or about the same degree as the charges for Gibraltar . Gibraltar , army estimate , £. 410 , 000 Malta , Ionian Islands , 640 , 000 New South Wales , Van Dieman 's Land , Norfolk Island , 265 , 000 St Helena , 70 , 000 Singapore , Penang , & c ., 80 , 000 Honduras , 50 , 000 Sierra Leone , Cape Coast , & c ., 35 , 000 £ 1 , 550 , 000 Deducting this amount from Mr Cobden 's colonial estimates of 4 , 500 , 000 £ 2 , 950 , 000 This discount of about 35 per cent at one “ fell swoop ” from an audaciously mendacious account-current , would be deemed sufficiently liberal if dealing with other than the “ measureless liars ” of the League ; it is far , however , from the whole sum which will be charged upon , and proved against them , on occasion hereafter when the general question shall be progressed with . The rogues that fleeced the simple stripling , Lord Huntingtower , out of 95 per cent for his bills , were not , as shall be proved , more unscrupulous cheats and abusers of individual , than the League are of public faith . But the discount of Cobden 's Cocker veracity here established , with which for the present we shall conclude , is far ( enormous , almost incredible though it be ) from the full measure of his intrepidity in the “ art of misrepresentation ; ” crediting him , as upon fair consideration we are bound , with misrepresenting to some extent from sheer ignorance , from want of that early mental training , or maturer discipline , which alone can qualify for the severe labour of researches into , and the analysation of truth . For , unfortunately for the question he has raised , although not so far entertained by the legislature , the very figures discounted from his colonial fictions tell against , and must be carried over to the debit of , his highly cherished foreign trade account , the cost of which to the country will be approximately verified on another occasion in Blackwood . It is the distinctive mishap of the family of the Wrongheads , the illiterate , one-idea 'd class of which he is a member , that they never can contemplate a friendly act without perpetrating mischief , nor intend mischief without unconsciously achieving discomfiture and disgrace . For of the £. 1 , 550 , 000 colonial overcharge in military expenditure alone of this shallow , unreflecting , and superficial person , not less certainly than £ 1 , 200 , 000 must be charged to the account of foreign trade , the special trade he delights to honour . It will constitute , as he will find , a material item in the general balance-sheet which we purpose to draw hereafter between the advantages of foreign and colonial trade . Sir Robert Peel is not more correct in his so bitterly reproached “ do-nothing ” policy about Irish repeal , than in his “ do-nothing ” emphatic policy about Corn-law repeal . No man better knows how , left to themselves , the Brights and Cobdens will turn out to be Marplots . The dolts cannot see , that however hard the Villierses , and such as them , bid for popularity against them , in apparently the same cause — they have an interest diametrically adverse in the general sense , and on the fitting opportunity will throw them overboard . The most influential part of the liberal press , both metropolitan and provincial , it is well understood , concur with the League to some extent in its avowed objects , without at all liking its leaders , or the means pursued for the end sought , and wait only for the occasion , which will come , for damaging and finally overthrowing them in popular estimation . In Manchester , Leeds , and Birmingham , that is , in the privately known sentiments of the leading press and other liberal leaders of opinion in each , it is notorious that this feeling and occult determination prevails . Mr Cobden himself , and some of his colleagues , are not unaware of the fact , and have , in the factious and political sense , latterly trimmed their course accordingly . But , notwithstanding , confidence they have recovered not — never will , because apostacy or trimming cannot inspire confidence ; they are endured — to be used , and to be laid aside , “ steeped in Lethe ” and forgotten , as in time they will be . In this brief article we have treated only of the salient points of the colonial slanders of Mr Cobden and the League . We have challenged them only with carrying to colonial account above one million and a half sterling , with which the colonies , so understood in the true sense , have nothing to do ; and we have shown that one million and a quarter nearly of the charge made against colonial trade , legitimately appertains to foreign trade . Hereafter we purpose to investigate the respective charges entailed upon the country by foreign and colonial trade , to apportion to each its share , and to strike the balance of profit and loss relatively upon each . Let it suffice for the present that we have shown Mr Cobden and his figures to be utterly undeserving of credit in a partial point of view only ; we could , as we shall , prove them to be , either through idiotical ignorance or stupidly malicious intent , more worthless of credit still in the general and rational sense — in the relative proportions of the totality of national expenditure . The blunderer , ignorant or malignant , classed the expenditure for Guernsey and Jersey , and the Channel islands , under the head of colonial military expenditure , as well as a considerable portion of the cost of the Chinese war , partly repaid or in course of being repaid . He took the exports to the colonies for 1840 , when the Chinese war was only in its origin , and expense scarcely incurred ; and he adopted the estimates for 1843 , when the expenses of the Chinese war had to be provided for , a portion of which was charged under colonial heads . He omitted , as we have said , any account of permanent charge for conducting and protecting the trade with China , amounting to a considerable sum yearly under the old system , and which hereafter will be more — all to the account of “ foreign trade . ” He omitted besides , at the least , half a million for the war with China — all for “ foreign trade . ” We shall have other occasions , however , for exposing his dishonesty , and vindicating the colonies from his calumnies . The only words of something like truth he spoke , were against that bastard and discreditable system , purporting to be a “ self-supporting system , ” concocted by adventurers and land-jobbers for achieving fortunes at the cost , and to the ruin , of the unsuspecting emigrating public , and to the signal detriment and dishonour of the state .