BLACKWOOD 'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE . NO . CCCXLI . MARCH , 1844 . VOL . LV . CONTENTS . ETHIOPIA , A WORD OR TWO OF THE OPERA-TIVE CLASSES . BY LORGNON , THE PIRATES OF SEGNA . A TALE OF VENICE AND THE ADRIATIC . PART I ., COLONEL DAVIDSON 'S TRAVELS IN INDIA , BELFRONT CASTLE . A RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW , DUMAS IN HIS CURRICLE , MARSTON ; OR , THE MEMOIRS OF A STATESMAN . PART IX ., THE OLYMPIC JUPITER , A ROMAN IDYL , GOETHE , HYMN OF A HERMIT , THE LUCKLESS LOVER , FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION — THE CORN LAWS , ETHIOPIA [ 1 ] [ 1 ] The Highlands of Ethiopa . by Major W. CORNWALLIS HARRIS , H. E . I. C . Engineers . 3 vols . From the various circumstances of our day , the impression is powerfully made upon intelligent men in Europe , that some extraordinary change is about to take place in the general condition of mankind . A new ardour of human intercourse seems to be spreading through all nations . Europe has laid aside her perpetual wars , and seems to be assuming a habit of peace . Even France , hitherto the most belligerent of European nations , is evidently abandoning the passion for conqest , and begining to exert her fine powers in the cultivation of commerce . All the nations of Europe are either following her example , or sending out colonies of greater or less magnitude , to fill the wild portions of the world . Regions hitherto utterly neglected , and even scarcely known , are becoming objects of enlightened regard ; and mankind , in every quarter , is approaching , with greater or less speed , to that combined interest and mutual intercourse , which are the first steps to the true possession of the globe . But , we say it with the gratification of Englishmen , proud of their country 's fame , and still prouder of its principles — that the lead in this noblest of all human victories , has been clearly taken by England . It is she who pre-eminently stimulates the voyage , and plants the colony , and establishes the commerce , and civilizes the people . And all this has been done in a manner so little due to popular caprice or national ambition , to the mere will of a sovereign , or the popular thirst of possession , that it invests the whole process with a sense of unequaled security . Resembling the work of nature in the simplicity of its growth , it will probably also resemble the work of nature in the permanence of its existence . It is not an exotic , fixed in an unsuitable soil by capricions planting ; but a seed self-sown , nurtured by the common air and dews , assimilated to the climate , and strikig its roots deep in the ground which it has thus , by its own instincts , chosen . The necessities of British commerce , the urgency of English protection , and the overflow of British population , have been the great acting causes of our national efforts ; and as those are causes which regulate themselves , their results are as regular and unshaken , as they are natural and extensive . But England has also had a higher motive . She has unquestionably mingled a spirit of benevolence largely with her general exertions . She has laboured to communicate freedom , law , a feeling of property , and a consciousness of the moral debt due by man to the Great Disposer of all , wherever she has had the power in her hands . No people have ever been the worse for her , and all have been the better , in proportion to their following her example . Wherever she goes , oppression decays , the safety of person and property begins to be felt , the sword is sheathed , the pen and the ploughshare commence alike to reclaim the mental and the physical soil , and civilization comes , like the dawn , however slowly advancing , to prepare the heart of the barbarian for the burst of light , in the rising of Christianity upon his eyes . The formation of a new route between India and Europe by the Red Sea — a route , though well known to the ancient world , yet wholly incapable of adoption by any but an Arab horseman , from the perpetual tumults of the country — compelled England to look for a resting-place and depot for her steam-ships at the mouth of the Red Sea . Aden , a desolated port , was the spot fixed on ; and the steam-vessels touching there were enabled to prepare themselves for the continuance of their voyage . We shall subsequently see how strikingly British protection has changed the desolateness of this corner of the Arab wilderness , how extensively it has become a place of commerce , and how effectually it will yet furnish the means of increasing our knowledge of the interior of the great Arabian peninsula . It is remarkable that Africa , one of the largest and most fertile portions of the globe , remains one of the least known . Furnishing materials of commerce which have been objects of universal desire since the deluge — gold , gems , ivory , fragrant gums , and spices — it has still remained almost untraversed by the European foot , except along its coast . It has been circumnavigated by the ships of every European nation , its slave-trade has divided its profits and its pollutions among the chief nations of the eastern and western worlds ; and yet , to this hour , there are regions of Africa , probably amounting to half its bulk , and possessing kingdoms of the size of France and Spain , of which Europe has no more heard than of the kingdoms of the planet Jupiter . The extent of Africa is enormous :— 5000 miles in length , 4600 in breadth , it forms nearly a square of 13 , 430 , 000 square miles ! the chief part solid ground ; for we know of no Mediterranean to break its continuity — no mighty reservoir for the waters of its hills — and scarcely more than the Niger and the Nile for the means of penetrating any large portion of this huge continent . The population naturally divides itself into two portions , connected with the character of its surface — the countries to the north and the south of the mountains of Kong and the Jebel-al-Komr . To the north of this line of demarcation , are the kingdoms of the foreign conquerors , who have driven the original natives to the mountains , or have subjected them as slaves . This is the Mahometan land . To the south of this line dwells the Negro , in a region a large portion of which is too fiery for European life . This is Central Africa ; distinguished from all the earth by the unspeakable mixture of squalidness and magnificence , simplicity of life yet fury of passion , savage ignorance of its religious notions yet fearful worship of evil powers , its homage to magic , and desperate belief in spells , incantations and the fetish . The configuration of the country , so far as it can be conjectured , assists this primeval barbarism . Divided by natural barriers of hill , chasm , or river , into isolated states , they act under a general impulse of hostility and disunion . If they make peace , it is only for purposes of plunder ; and , if they plunder , it is only to make slaves . The very fertility of the soil , at once rendering them indolent and luxurious , excites their passions , and the land is a scene alike of profligacy and profusion . To the south of this vast region lies a third — the land of the Caffre , occupying the eastern coast , and , with the Betjouana and the Hottentot , forming the population of the most promising portion of the continent . But here another and more enterprising race have fixed themselves ; and the great English colony of the Cape , with its dependent settlements , has begun the first real conquest of African barbarism . Whether Aden may not act on the opposite coasts of the Red Sea , and Abyssinia become once more a Christian land ; or whether even some impulse may not divinely come from Africa itself , are questions belonging to the future . But there can scarcely be a doubt , that the existence of a great English viceroyalty in the most prominent position of South Africa , the advantages of its government , the intelligence of its people , their advancement in the arts essential to comfort , and the interest of their protection , their industry , and their example , must , year by year , operate in awaking even the negro to a feeling of his own powers , of the enjoyment of his natural faculties , and of that rivalry which stimulates the skill of man to reach perfection . The name of Africa , which , in the Punic tongue , signifies “ ears of corn , ” was originally applied only to the northern portion , lying between the Great Desert and the shore , and now held by the pashalics of Tunis and Tripoli . They were then the granary of Rome . The name Lybia was derived from the Hebrew Leb , ( heat ,) and was sometimes partially extended to the continent , but was geographically limited to the provinces between the Great Syrtis and Egypt . The name Ethiopia is evidently Greek , ( burning , or black , visage .) There is strong reason to believe that the Portuguese boast of the sixteenth century — the circumnavigation of Africa — was anticipated by the Phoenician sailors two thousand years and more . We have the testimony of Herodotus , that Necho , king of Egypt , having failed in an attempt to connect the Nile with the Red Sea by a canal , determine to try whether another route might not be within his reach , and sent Phoenician vessels from the Red Sea , with orders to sail round Africa , and return by the Mediterranean . It is not improbable that , from being unacquainted with the depth to which it penetrates the south , he had expected the voyage to be a brief one . It seems evident that the navigators themselves did not conceive that it could extend beyond the equator , from their surprise at seeing the sun rise on their right hand . The narrative tells us — “ The Phoenicians , taking their course from the Red Sea , entered into the Southern Ocean on the approach of autumn ; they landed in Lybia , planted corn , and remained till the harvest . They then sailed again . After having thus spent two years , they passed the Columns of Hercules in the third , and returned to Egypt . ” Herodotus doubted their story — “ Their relation , ” says the honest old Greek , “ may obtain belief from others , but to me it seems incredible ; for they affirmed , that , having sailed round Africa , they had the sun on their right hand . Thus was Africa for the first time known . ” Thus the very circumstance which the old historian regarded as throwing doubt on the discovery , is now one of the strongest corroborations of its truth . [ 2 ] There appear to have been several attempts to sail along the west coast , by ancient expeditions ; but to the Portuguese is due the modern honour of having first sailed round the Cape . From 1412 , the Portuguese , under a race of adventurous princes , had extended their discoveries ; but it occupied them sixty years to reach the Line , and nearly thirty years more to reach the Cape , which they first called Cabo Tormentoso , ( Stormy Cape .) But the king gave it the more lucky , though the less poetical , title which it now bears . [ 2 ] Reunell , p. 682 . The triumph of Columbus , in his discovery of the New World in 1493 , raised the emulation of the Portuguese , then regarded as the first navigators in the world ; yet it was not until four years after , that their expedition was sent , to equalize the stupendous accession to the Spanish domains , by the possession of the East . In July 1497 , Gama sailed , reached Calicut May 2 , 1498 , and returned to Portugal , covered with well-earned renown , after a voyage of upwards of two years . Having given this brief outline of the divisions and character of the mighty continent , which seemed important to the better understanding of the immediate subject , we revert to the intelligent and animated volumes of Captain ( now Major ) Harris . A letter from the Bombay government , 29th April 1841 , gave him this distinguished credential :— “ SIR — I am directed to inform you that the Honourable the Governor in Council , having formed a very high estimate of your talents and acquirements , and of the spirit of enterprise and decision , united with prudence and discretion , exhibited in your recently published travels through the territories of the Maselakatze to the Tropic of Capricorn , has been pleased to select you to conduct the mission which the British Government has resolved to send to Sahela Selasse , the king of Shoa , in Southern Abyssinia , whose capital , Ankober , is supposed to be about four hundred miles inland from the port of Tajura , on the African coast . ” [ Then followed the mention of the vessels appointed to carry the mission .] ( Signed ) “ J. P. WILLOUGHBY , ” “ Secretary to Government . ” The persons comprising the mission were Major W. C. Harris , Bombay Engineers , Captain Douglas Graham , Bombay army , principal assistant , with others , naturalists , draftsmen , & c ., and an escort of two sergeants and fifteen rank and file , volunteers from H. M. 6th foot and the Bombay Artillery . On the afternoon of a sultry day in April , Major Harris , with his gallant and scientific associates , embarked on board the East India Company 's steam ship Auckland , in the harbour of Bombay , on their voyage to the kingdom of Shoa in Southern Abyssinia , in the year 1841 . The steam frigate pursued her way prosperously through the waters , and on the ninth day was within sight of Cape Aden , after a voyage of 1680 miles . The Cape , named by the natives , Jebel Shemshan , rises nearly 1800 feet above the ocean , is frequently capped with clouds , a wild and fissured mass of rock , and evidently intended by nature for one of those great beacons which announce the approach to an inland sea . On rounding the Cape , the British eye was delighted with the sight of the Red Sea squadron , riding at anchor within the noble bay . The arrival of the frigate also caused a sensation on the shore ; and Major Harris happily describes the feelings with which a new arrival is hailed by the British garrison on that dreary spot , their only excitement being the periodical visits of the packets between Suez and Bombay . In the dead of the night a blue light shoots up in the offing . It is answered by the illumination of the block ship , then the thunder of her guns is heard , then , as she nears the shore , the flapping of her paddles is heard through the silence , then the spectral lantern appears at the mast-head , and then she rushes to her anchorage , leaving in her wake a long phosphoric train . Wherever England drops an anchor a new scene of existence has begun . At Aden , the supply of coals for the steam-ships has introduced a new trade ; gangs of brawny Seedies , negroes from the Zanzibar coast , but fortunately enfranchised , make a livelihood by transferring the coal from the depots on shore to the steamers . Though the most unmusical race in the world , they can do nothing without music , but it is music of their own — a tambourine beaten with the thigh-bone of a calf ; but their giant frames go through prodigious labour , carry immense sacks , and drink prodigious draughts to wash the coal-dust down . Such is the furious excitement with which they rush into this repulsive operation , that Major Harris thinks that for every hundred tons of coal thus embarked , at least one life is sacrificed ; those strong savages , at once inflamed by drink , and overcome with toil , throwing themselves down on the dust or the sand , to rise no more . This shows the advantage of English philosophy : our coal-heavers in the Thames toil as much , are nearly as naked , nearly as black , and probably drink more ; but we never hear of their dying in a fit of rapture in the embrace of a coal-sack . When the day is done , drunk or sober , washed or unwashed , they go home to their wives , sleep untroubled by the cares of kings , and return to fresh dust , drink , and dirt , next morning . The coast of Arabia has no claims to the picturesque : all its charms , like those of the oyster , lie within the roughest of possible shells . Its first aspect resembles heaps of the cinders of a glass-house — a building whose heat seems to be fully realized by the temperature of this fearful place . England has a resident there , Captain Haynes , named as political agent . That any human being , who could exist in any other place , would remain in Aden , is one of the wonders of human nature . An officer , of course , must go wherever he is sent ; but such is the innate love for a post , that if this gallant and intelligent person were roasted to death , as might happen in one of the coolest days of the Ethiopian summer , there would be a thousand applications before a month was over , to the Foreign Office , for the honour of being carbonaded on the rocks of Aden . The promontory has all the marks of volcanic eruption , and is actually recorded , by an Arab historian of the tenth century , to have been thrown up about that period . “ Its sound , like the rumbling of thunder , might then be heard many miles , and from its entrails vomited forth redhot stones , with a flood of liquid fire . ” The crater of the extinguished volcano is still visible , though shattered and powdered down by the tread under which Alps and Appennines themselves crumble away — that of Time . The only point on which we are sceptical is the late origin of the promontory . Nothing beyond a sandhill or a heap of ashes has been produced on the face of nature since the memory of man . That a rock , or rather a mountain chain , with a peak 1800 feet high , should have been produced at any time time within the last four thousand years , altogether tasks our credulity . The powers of nature are now otherwise employed than in rough-hewing the surface of the globe . She has been long since , like the sculptor , employed in polishing and finishing — the features were hewn out long ago . Her master-hand has ever since been employed in smoothing them . Aden 's reputation for barrenness is an old one — “ Aden , ” says Ben Batuta of Tangiers , “ is situate upon the sea-shore ; a large city without either seed , water , or tree . ” This was written five hundred years ago ; yet the ruins of fortifications and watch-towers along the rocks , show that even this human oven was the object of cupidity in earlier times ; and the British guns , bristling among the precipices , show that the desire is undecayed even in our philosophic age . Yet the Arab imagination has created its wonders even in this repulsive scene ; and the generation of monkeys which tenant the higher portion of the rocks , are declared by Arab tradition to be the remnant of the once powerful tribe of Ad , changed into apes by the displeasure of Heaven , when “ the King of the World , ” Sheddad , renowned in eastern story , presumptuously dared to form a garden which should rival Paradise . The prophet Hud remonstrated ; but his remonstrances went for nothing , and the indignant monarch and his courtiers suddenly found their visages simious , their tongues chattering , and their lower portions furnished with tails — a species of transformation , which , so far as regards visage and tongue , is supposed to be not unfrequent among courtiers to this day . But this showy tradition goes further still . The Bostan al Irem ( Garden of Paradise ) is believed still to exist in the deserts of Aden ; though geographers differ on its position . It still retains its domes and bowers — both of indescribable beauty ; its crystal fountains , and its walks strewed with pearls for sand . It is true , that no living man can absolutely aver that he has seen this place of wonders ; but that is a mere result of our very wicked age . This has not been always the case ; for Abdallah Ibn Aboo Kelaba passed a night in its palace in the reign of Moowiych , the prince of the Faithful . Lucky the man who shall next find it , but unlucky the world when he does ; for then the day of the general conflagration will be at hand . In the mean time , it remains , like the top of Mount Meru , covered with clouds , or , like the inside of a Chinese puzzle , a work of unrivaled art , conceivable but intangible by man . In this pleasant mingling of fact , visible to his shrewd eye , and fiction drawn from ancient fancy , Major Harris leads us on . But Aden is not yet exhausted of wonders — an island in its bay , Seerah , ( the fortified black isle ,) is pronounced to have been the refuge of Cain on the murder of Abel ; and its volcanic and barren chaos is no unequal competitor for the honour with the rocks of the Caucasus . But England , which changes every thing , is changing all this . Within the next generation , the railway will run down the romances of Nutrib ; a cotton manufactory will send up its smokes to blot out the celestial blue by day , and shoot forth its sullen illumination by night , over the anointed soil ; the minstrel will turn policeman , and the sheik be a justice of peace ; political economy will have its itinerant lecturers , enlightening the Bedouins on the principles of rent and taxes ; the city will have a lord mayor and corporation of the deepest black ; the volcano will be planted with villas ; turnpikes will measure out the sands ; a hotel will flourish on the summit of Jebel Shemshan ; and Aden will differ from Liverpool in nothing but being two thousand miles further from the smoke and multitudes of London . The Arab is still the prominent person among the native population of this territory . Major Harris describes him well . The bronzed and sunburnt visage , surrounded by long matted locks of raven hair ; the slender but wiry and active frame , and the energetic gait and manner , proclaimed the untamable descendant of Ishmael . He nimbly mounts the crupper of his now unladen dromedary , and at a trot moves down the bazar . A checked kerchief round his brows , and a kilt of dark blue calico round his frame , comprise his slender costume . His arms have been deposited outside the Turkish wall ; and as he looks back , his meagre , ferocious aspect , flanked by that tangled web of hair , stamps him the roving tenant of the desert . It is curious to find in this remote country a custom similar to that of the fiery cross , which in old times summoned the Celtic tribes to arms . On the alarm of invasion , a branch , torn by the priest from the nebek , ( a tree bearing a fruit like the Siberian crab ,) is lighted in the fire , the flame is then quenched in the blood of a newly slaughtered ram . It is then sent forth with a messenger to the nearest clan . Thus , great numbers are assembled with remarkable promptitude . In the invasion under Ibrahim Pasha , sixteen thousand of these wild warriors were assembled from one tribe . They crept into the Egyptian camp by night , and , using only their daggers , made such formidable slaughter , that the Pasha was glad to escape by a precipitate retreat . The Jews form an important part of the population , as artizans and manufacturers . Feeling the natural veneration for the Chosen People in all their misfortunes , and convinced that the time will come when those misfortunes will be obliterated , it is highly gratifying to find , that even in this place of their ancient sufferings , they are beginning to feel the benefit of British protection . Hitherto , through their indefatigable industry , having acquired opulence in Arabia as elsewhere , they were afraid either to display or to enjoy it ; but now , under the protection of the British flag , they not merely enjoy their wealth , but they publicly practise the rights of their religion . Stone slabs with Hebrew inscriptions mark the place of their dead . They have schools for the education of their children ; and their men and women , arrayed in their holiday apparel , sit fearlessly in the synagogue , and listen to the reading of the law and the prophets , as of old . It is a great source of gratification to the philanthropist to find , that wherever England extends her power , industry , commerce , and peace are the natural result . Aden , barren as the soil is , is evidently approaching to a prosperity which it never possessed even in its most flourishing days . Emigrants from Yemen and from both shores of the Red Sea , are daily crowding within the walls , through the security which they offer against native oppression . In the short space of three years , the population has risen to twenty thousand souls . Substantial dwellings are rising up in every quarter , and at all the adjacent ports hundreds of native merchants are only waiting the erection of permanent fortifications , in token of our intending to remain , to flock under the guns with their families and wealth . The opinion of this intelligent writer is , that Aden , as a free port , whilst she pours wealth into a now impoverished land , must erelong become the queen of the adjacent seas , and rank amongst the most useful dependencies of the British crown . The mission having remained some time at Aden , to purchase horses and stores , sailed on the 15th May ; and , on losing sight of Aden , the members of the mission characteristically took the “ Pilgrims ’ vow ” not to shave until their return . On the 17th they opened the town of Tajura , on the verge of a broad expanse of blue water , over which a gossamerlike fleet of fishing catamarans already plied their craft . Their pilot , an old Arab , was a man of fun , and the specimens of his tongue are good . In some reference to the anchorage , he said , “ Now if we only had two-fathom Ali here , you would not have all these difficulties . When they want to lay out an anchor , they have nothing to do but to hand it over to Ali , and he walks away with it into six or eight feet without any ado . I went once upon a time in the dark to grope for a berth on board of his buggalow , and , stumbling over some one 's toes , enquired to whom they belonged . ‘ To Ali , ’ was the reply . ‘ And whose knees are these ? ’ said I , after walking half across the deck . ‘ Ali 's . ’ ‘ And this head in the scuppers , pray whose is it ? ’ ‘ Ali 's ; what do you want with it ? ’ ‘ Ali again ! ’ I exclaimed ; ‘ then I must even look for stowage elsewhere . ’ ” The sight of a shark in the harbour let loose the old jester again . “ A friend of mine , ” said he , “ pilot of a vessel almost as fast a sailer as my own , which is acknowledged to be the best in these seas , was bound to Mocha with camels on board . When off the high table-land betwixt the Bay of Tajura and the Red Sea , one of the beasts dying , was hove overboard . Up came a shark ten times the size of that fellow there , and swallowed the camel , leaving only his hinder legs sticking out of his jaws ; but before he had time to think where he was to find stowage for it , up came another tremendous fellow and bolted the shark , camel , legs , and all . ” In return for this anecdote , the major gave him the story of the two Kilkenny cats in the saw-pit , which fought , until nothing remained of either but the tail and a bit of the flue . The old pilot doubted . “ How can that be ? ” said he , revolving the business seriously in his mind . “ As for the story I have told you , it is as true as the Koran . ” After a short stay and presentation to the Sultan of Tajura , a slave-port , with a miserable old man for its master , the mission once more set forth for Shoa ; yet even here we glean a specimen of Arab speech . “ Trees attain not to their growth in a single day , ” said an Arab , when remonstrating with the sultan on his inordinate love of lucre . “ Take the tree as your text , and learn that property is to be gathered only by slow degrees . ” “ True , ” said the old miser ; “ but , sheik , you must have lost sight of the fact , that my leaves are already withered , and that , if I would be rich , I have not a moment to lose . ” The packing up for the journey was a new source of trouble ; every camel-driver found fault with his load . However , at length every article was stowed , except a hand-organ and a few stand of arms . At length , a great hulking savage offered to take the arms , provided they were cut in two to suit the back of his animals . We have then another instance of Arab drollery . “ You are a tall man , ” said the old pilot ; “ suppose we shorten you by the legs . ” “ No , no , ” said the barbarian , “ I am flesh and blood , and shall be spoiled . ” “ So will the contents of these cases , you offspring of an ass , ” said the old man , “ if you divide them . ” The progress to the interior from the port of Tajura , led them over immense ranges of basaltic cliffs , where the heat of the sun was felt with an intensity scarcely conceivable by European feelings . In this land of fire , the road skirting the base of a barren range covered with heaps of lava blocks , and its foot marked by piles of stones , the memorials of deeds of blood , the lofty conical peak of Jebel Seearo rose in sight , and not long afterwards the far-famed Lake Assad , surrounded by its dancing mirage , was seen sparkling at its base . The first glimpse of this phenomenon , “ though curious , was far from pleasing ” — “ an elliptical basin , seven miles in its transverse axis , filled half with smooth water of the deepest cerulean hue , and half with a sheet of glittering snow-white salt , girded on three sides by huge hot-looking mountains , that dip their basins into its very bowl , and on the fourth by crude , half-formed rocks of lava , broken and divided by chasms . No sound broke on the ear , not a ripple played on the water . The molten surface of the lake lay like burnished steel , the fierce sky was without a cloud , and the angry sun , like a ball of metal at a white heat , rode in full blaze . ” It is scarcely wonderful , that among a people devoted to superstition , those terrible passes and sultry hollows should be marked as the haunts of the powers of evil . Adyli , a deep mysterious cavern at the extremity of one of those melancholy plains , is believed to be the especial abode of gins and afreets , whose voices are heard in the night , and who carry off the traveller to devour him without remorse . A late instance was mentioned of a man who was compelled by the weariness of his camel to fall behind the caravan , and who left no remnants behind him but his spear and shield . Major Harris well describes this spot as one which , from its desolate position , might be believed to be the last stage of the habitable world . “ A close mephitic stench , impeding respiration , arose from the saline exhalations of the stagnant lake . A frightful glare from the white salt and limestone hillocks threatened extinction to the vision , and a sickening heaviness in the loaded atmosphere was enhanced rather than alleviated by the fiery breath of the north-westerly wind , which blew without interruption during the day . The air was inflamed , the sky sparkled , and columns of burning sand , which at quick intervals towered high into the atmosphere , became so illumined as to appear like tall pillars of fire . Crowds of horses , mules , and camels , tormented to madness by the poisonous gad-fly , flocked to share the only bush ; and , disputing with their heels the slender shelter it afforded , compelled several of the party to seek refuge in caves formed below by fallen masses of volcanic rock , heated to the temperature of a potter 's kiln , and fairly baking up the marrow in the bones . ” The heat in this place , with the thermometer under the shade of cloaks and umbrellas , was at 126 °. It is only surprising how any of the party survived . Certainly if Abyssinia is to be approached only by this road , the prospect of an intercourse with it from the east , appears among the most improbable things of this world . One of the advantages of continental travel has been long since said to be , its teaching us how many comfortable things we enjoy at home ; and it appears that no Englishman can comprehend the value of that despised fluid , fresh water , until he has left the precincts of his own fortunate land : but it is in Africa , and peculiarly on this Abyssinian high-road , that the value of a draught of spring water is to be especially estimated . “ Since leaving the shores of India , ” says Major Harris , “ the party had gradually been in training towards a disregard of dirty water . On board a ship of any description , the fluid is seldom very clear or very plentiful . At Cape Aden , there was little perceptible difference between the sea water and the land water . At Tajura , the beverage obtainable was far from being improved in quality by the taint of the new skins in which it was transferred from the only well ; and now , in the very heart of the scorching Tehama , where a copious draught of pure water seemed absolutely indispensable every five minutes , the mixture was the very acme of abomination . Fresh hides stript from the he-goat , besmeared inside as well as out with old tallow and strong bark tan , filled from an impure well at Sagallo , tossed and tumbled during two days and nights under a distilling heat , ” formed a drink which we should conclude to be little short of poison . However , the human throat learns to accommodate itself to every thing in time , and the time came when even this abomination was longed for . But the worst was not yet come . It was midnight when the party commenced the steep ascent of the south-eastern boundary of the lake , a ridge of volcanic rocks . “ The north-east wind had scarcely diminished its parching fierceness , and in hot suffocating gusts swept over the glittering expanse of water and salt , where the moon shone brightly ; each deadly puff succeeded by the stillness that foretells a tropical hurricane . The prospect around was wild — beetling , basaltic cones , and jagged slabs of shattered lava . ” The path itself was formidable , winding along the crest of the ridge over sheets of broken lava , with scarcely more than sufficient width to admit of the progress in single file . “ The horrors of this dismal night set all description at defiance . ” The hope of water , though at the distance of sixteen miles , excited them for a while ; but at length even this excitement failed . And “ owing to the heat , fasting , and privation , the limbs of the weaker refused the task , and after the first two miles they dropped fast into the rear . Under the fiery blast of the midnight sirocco the cry for water , uttered feebly and with difficulty by numbers of parched throats , now became incessant ; and the supply for the whole party falling short of a gallon and a half , it was not long to be answered . A tiny sip of diluted vinegar for a moment assuaged the burning thirst which raged in the vitals ; but its effects were transient , and , after struggling a few steps , they sank again , declaring their days to be numbered , and their resolution to rise up no more . Dogs incontinently expired upon the road , horses and mules that once lay down were abandoned to their fate ; while the lion-hearted soldier , who had braved death at the cannon 's mouth , subdued and unmanned by thirst , lay gasping by the wayside , hailing approaching dissolution with delight , as the termination of tortures which were no longer to be endured . As another day dawned , and the “ round red sun ” again rose over the lake of salt , the courage even of those who had borne up against this fiery trial began to flag : “ a dimness came before the drowsy eyes , giddiness seized the brain , and the hope held out by the guides , of water in advance , seemed like the delusion of a dream . ” In this crisis , at which our chief wonder is , that Major Harris and his explorers were ever heard of again , or had left any memorials of themselves but their bones , a wild Bedouin was seen , “ like a delivering angel , ” hurrying forward with a large skin , filled with muddy water . This well-timed supply was divided among the fainting people : a quantity was poured over the face and down the throat of each ; and at a late hour , “ ghastly , haggard , and exhausted , like men who had escaped from the jaws of death , the whole had contrived to straggle into a camp , which , but for the foresight and firmness of the son of Ali Abi , ( who had sent the water ,) few individuals would have reached alive . ” After traversing this terrible desert of fifty miles — a barrier to all general and commercial intercourse , which we should think impassable , however it might be overcome by a small party of bold and hardy men , well led , furnished with every supply , water excepted , which could sustain them through its horrors , ( and which yet , through that single want , had nearly perished ) — they persued a long and dlifficult march through a dreary country , scantily peopled , dotted with robber clans , and exhibiting impediments of all kinds in the knavery and villany of the native authorities ; until they reached the borders of Abyssinia . We had by no means been aware that volcanoes had made so large a share of this portion of Africa . The whole border seems to be volcanic , and to retain in its blasted and broken surface , evidence of its having been , in remote ages , perhaps in the earliest , the scene of most intense and general volcanic action . In Major Harris 's animated description — “ singular and interesting indeed is the wild scenery in the vicinity of the treacherous oasis of Sultelli . A field of extinct volcanic cones , vomited out of the entrails of the earth , and each encircled by a black belt of vitrified lava , environs it on three sides ; and of these Mount Abida , three thousand feet in height , whose cup , enveloped in clouds , stretches some two and a half miles in diameter , would seem to be the parent . Beyond , the still loftier crater of Aiulloo , the ancient landmark of the now-decayed empire of Ethiopia , is visible in dim perspective ; and , looming hazily in the extreme distance , is the great blue Abyssinian range . ” In any part of Africa a river of tolerable magnitude is an object of the most anxious interest ; and the approach to the Hawash , the boundary river of the kingdom of Shoa , was looked to with eager speculation . At length the height was reached from which was obtained “ an exhilarating prospect over the dark , lone valley of the long looked-for Hawash . The course of the river was marked by a dense belt of trees and verdure , stretching towards the base of the great mountain range , of which the cloud-capped cone , which frowns over the capital of Shoa , forms the most conspicuous feature . ” The mission now began to exalt :— “ Though still far distant , the ultimate destination of the embassy appeared almost to have been gained , and none had an idea of the length of time that must elapse before his foot should press the soil of Ankober . ” A day of intense heat was as usual followed by a heavy fall of rain , which , owing to the unaccommodating arrangement of striking the tents at sunset , thoroughly drenched the whole party . The new difficulty was , how to cross the Hawash , “ second of the rivers of Abyssinia , and rising in the very heart of Ethipoia , at an elevation of 8000 feet above the sea . It is fed by niggardly tributaries from the high bulwarks of Shoa and Efat , and flows , like a great artery , through the arid plains of the Adaiel , green and wooded throughout its long course , and finally absorbed in the lagoons of Aussa . The canopy of fleecy clouds , which , as mid-day dawned , hung thick and heavy over the lofty blue peaks beyond , gave sad presage of the deluge that was pouring between its verdant banks from the higher regions of the source . ” The party now descended to enjoy the real luxuries of shade and water , in a region where they had hitherto seen nothing but salt and lava . At first thinly wooded , they found the soil covered with tall rank grass , from which , however , the perpetual incursions of the robber tribes scare the flocks and herds . Deeper down , they entered among gum-bearing acacias and fruit-trees . “ Guinea-fowl rose before them , groves of tamarisk , ringing to the voice of the bell-bird , flanked every open glade , and the fractured branches of the nobletrees gave proof of the presence of the most ponderous of the mammalia . ” Forcing their way , with some difficulty , through this jungle , they obtained their first near view of the river , a “ deep volume of turbid water , ” covered with drift wood , and rolling , at the rate of three miles an hour , between clayey walls twenty-five feet in height . The breadth fell short of sixty yards , but the flood was not yet at its maximum . Willows , drooping over the stream , were festooned with recent drift , hanging many feet above the level of the banks ; and it was evident that the waters had lately been out , to the overflowing of the country for many miles . The river , now upwards of 2200 feet above the level of the ocean forms , in this quarter , the nominal boundary of the kingdom of Shoa . They were now on “ the spot which exhibited the forest life of Africa . ” In a lake adjoining the river , the hippopotamus “ rolled his unwieldy carcass to the surface , and floating crocodiles , protruding his snout to blow a snort that might be heard at the distance of a mile . ” An unfortunate donkey , which had been partly drowned and partly strangled , was thrown out of the camp . No sooner had night fallen , than this prey roused the appetites of the whole forest , the howl and growl of wild beasts was heard at their banquet on the donkey throughout the night . Lightening played over the woods ; the “ violent snapping of the branches proclaimed the nocturnal movements of the elephant and hippopotamus ; ” the loud roar and startling snort were constantly heard ; and by morning every vestige of the dead animal , even to the skull , had disappeared . Africa , in all its provinces , is the scene of the boldest field sports in the world — India and its tigers , perhaps , excepted . But Africa excels even India in the variety and multitude of its mighty savages — lions , elephants , panthers , and hippopotami ; the sands , the forests , the jungles , the rivers , the marshes , every thing and place abounds with brute life , on the largest , the boldest , and the fiercest scale . Africa , with the human race on the lowest grade , has the brute on the highest , and its true name is the great kingdom of savage nature . A two-ounce ball had been lodged in the forehead of hippopotamus on the evening of reaching the Hawash ; but the animal having dived , the natives , in some jealousy of the skill of the British rifle , declared that it had not been mortally struck . The next dawn , however , decided the question , for the “ freckled pink sides of a dead hippopotamus were to be seen high above the surface , as the distended carcass floated like a monstrous buoy at anchor . ” Hawsers were carried out with all diligence , and the “ colossus ” was towed ashore amidst the acclamations of the whole caravan . Then came a native scene . A tribe of savages , who had waited , squatting , to see the arrival of the monster , threw aside their bows and arrows , and , stripping its thick hide from the ribs , attacked it with the vigour of an African horde . Donkeys and women were laden with incredible despatch , and , “ staggering under huge flaps of meat , ” the savages went their way . The soil now became swampy , yet only the more filled with animal existence . LE ADO , ( the White Water ,) a lake which they skirted , of two miles ’ diameter , was the haunt of countless wild-fowl , geese , mallards , teal , herons , flamingoes . A party of Bedouin women deposed to having seen another “ party ” of elephants taking a bath in the spot half an hour before , and the prints of their huge feet in the moist sands corroborated the testimony . Hideously withered women followed the march of the mission , carrying curds , and covered over with marsh-flies . Above , vast flights of locusts , which had stripped the coast , were pouring in towards Abyssinia . “ They quite darkened the air ” where the caravan halted ; and above them again were a host of adjutant birds , sometimes bursting down through the mass , and then stooping to the ground , and stalking along to devour the killed and wounded . This is the land , too , of the hurricane . Nature is queen or tyrant here ; the thunder tears the sensorium ; the lightning burns out the eyes ; the rain is a cataract ; the hall is a continued volley of ice ; the clouds stoop to earth , and bury the daylight like a shroud ; the rivers become torrents ; the dry plain becomes first a swamp , and then a sea . Tents and tarpaulins are useless to keep out the deluge from above , or are beaten down by its weight on the heads of the unfortunates who trust to them for shelter , until at length the caravan , stripped of all covering , has no resource but to bide the pelting of the pitiless storm , and , shivering and shelterless , wait until the hurricane has howled itself away . At length they reached the city of Furri , loaded , for the thirty-fifth time , with the baggage of the British embassy . The caravan , escorted by a detachment of three hundred matchlock men , with flutes playing , and muskets echoing , and the heads of the warriors decorated with white plumes , on the 16th July entered the frontier town of the kingdom of Efat . Clusters of conical-roofed houses , covering the sides of twin hills , here presented the first permanent habitations that had greeted the eye since leaving the sea-coast — rude and ungainly , but right welcome signs of transition from depopulated waste to the abodes of man . The African seems a robber by nature , and the sight of the bales and boxes excited the national propensity in a most violent degree . Even the royal ministers and courtiers seem to have felt a passion for looking into those prohibited treasures , which evidently tempted their virtue in a most perilous degree . Meanwhile a special messenger arrived , bearing reiterated compliments from the Negoos , ( king ,) with a horse and a mule from the royal stud , attired in the peculiar trappings which belong to majesty . Those animals awoke all the loyal curiosity of the people . At the sight women and girls , enveloped in blood-red shifts , who had thronged to stare at the strangers , burst into a scream of acclamation . A group of hooded widows thrust their fingers into their ears and joined in the clamour . The escort and camel-drivers placed no bounds to their hilarity . A fat ox , that had been promised , was turned loose among the spectators , pursued by fifty savages with their gleaming creeses , and hamstrung by a dexterous blow , which threw it bellowing to the earth in the height of its mad career , and tribes of lean curs commenced an indiscriminate engagement over the garbage . The neighbouring nations look upon the population of this province with great contempt . They say that their tongues are long for lying , their arms are long for stealing , and their legs are long for running away . The mission now approached another region , perhaps the finest in Africa . Every change in the climate and soil in Africa is in extremes , and barreness and unbounded fertility lie side by side . “ As if by the touch of the magician 's wand , the scene now passes , in an instant , from parched wastes to the geen , and lovely islands of Abyssinia , presenting one scene of rich and thriving cultivation . The baggage having at length been consigned to the shoulders of six hundred grumbling Moslem porters — for here the camel , from the steepness of the hills , was useless — and forming a line , which extended upwards of a mile , the embassy , on the morning of the 17th , comnenced the ascent of the Abyssinian Alps ; the flutes again played , the wild warriors of the escort again chanted their songs . It was a cool and lovely morning , and an invigorating breeze played over the mountains ’ side , on which , now less than ten degrees from the equator , flourished the vegetation of northern climes . The rough and stony road wound on , by a steep ascent , over hill and dale , now skirting some precipitous ascent , now dipping into the basin of some verdant hollow , where it suddenly emerged into a succession of shady lanes , bounded by flowering hedgerows . ” All this is so like England , and so unlike Africa , that we should suspect the major 's memory to have been as active at least as his observation . But the work contains so much internal evidence of accuracy , independently of the confidence attached to the character of the intelligent writer himself , that we must believe the heart of Ethiopa to possess secnes that would be worthy of the heart of our own fresh and flower-bearing island . The scene which follows is quite Arcadian . “ The wild rose , the fern , the lantana , and the honeysuckle , smiled round a succession of highly cultivated terraces , and on every eminence , stood a cluster of conically thatched houses , environed by green hedges , and partially embowered amid dark trees As the troop passed on , the peasant abandoned his occupation to gaze at the novel procession ; while merry groups of hooded women , decked in scarlet and crimson left their avocations in the hut to welcome the king 's guests with a shrill ziroleet , which ran from every hand . Birds warbled among the groves . At various turns of the road the prospect was rugged , wild , and beautiful . The first Christian village was soon revealed on the summit of a height . Three principal ranges of hills were next crossed in succession . Lastly , the view opened upon the wooded site of Ankober occupying a central position in a horseshoe crescent of mountains , still high above which enclose a magnificent amphitheatre of ten miles in diameter . This is clothed throughout with a splendid vigorous , and varied vegetation . ” The embassy now halted , waiting for permission to enter the capital , and taking up their quarters in a town three thousand feet above Furri , on the frontier . The escort of the troop fired a salute on entering , and , as they marched along , performed the war dance . A veteran capered before the ranks with a drawn sword between his teeth , and the martial song was chorused by three hundred Christian throats . The prospect from this elevated point naturally struck the travellers with astonishment and admiration . The site of the town is only one of the thousand cones into which the mountain side is broken as it approaches the plain . The prospect over the plain was boundless , and countless villages met the eye upon the mountain slope . Wherever the plough could go , all was cultivated . Wheat , barley , Indian corn , beans , peas , cotton , and oil plant , throve luxuriantly round every hamlet . The regularly marked fields mounted in terraces to the height of three or four thousand feet , becoming , in their boundaries , more and more indistinct , until totally lost in the shadowy green side of Mamrat ( the Mother of Grace .) This mountain is a wonder , shrouded in clouds whilst all was sunshine below . It is clothed with a dense forest , and ascends to an elevation of 13 , 000 feet above the sea . Here are collected , for security , the treasures of the monarch which have been amassing since the re-establishment of the kingdom , one hundred and fifty years since . After remaining some time in the market-place , the governor of the town appeared , and conducted the mission to the house of an old Moslem woman , where they were to lodge for the night . The names of the three daughters , Major Harris observes , were worthy of the days of Prince Cherry and Fair Star . They were Eve , Sweet Limes , and Sunbeam . The ladies vacated the house with great good-humour ; but it was low , intolerably filthy , and without bedding or food . The unfortunate mission had thus to spend a night , probably unequaled by their sufferings in the open field . Though so near the equator , they felt the cold severely ; rain set in with great violence , pouring through the roof , and entering into the threshold . A fire was indispensable , yet they were nearly suffocated with smoke ; they were devoured with insects , and in this torment and fever tossed till dawn . At the arrival of morning they received the disappointing message , that the king could not yet visit his capital , but that they might either seek him among the mountains , or wait for him where they were . Major Harris imputes this disappointment to the accidental opening of one of the boxes of presents . Royal cupidity had been so strongly excited by the conjectures of their contents , that the king had evidently been anxious , in the first instance , to hasten their delivery as much as possible . Gold and jewels were probably uppermost in the royal conceptions ; but the box happening to contain only the leathern buckets belonging to the “ galloper guns , ” the spectators were loud in their derision . “ These , ” they exclaimed , “ are but a poor people ! What is their nation compared with the Amhara ? for behold , in this trash , specimens of the offerings brought from their boasted land to the footstool of the mightiest of monarchs . ” The rainy season was now setting in , and the situation of the embassy became more comfortless from day to day . Notes were written , and answers received from the monarch , but the royal interview was still postponed , partly by the artifice of the knavish governors , who kept a longing eye on the presents , and partly by the barbarian etiquette of showing the natives the scorn with which their king was entitled to treat all the nations of the world . The residence of the mission in this comfortless place , however , gave a opportunity of acquiring considerable knowledge of the habits and commerce of the interior . The chief traffic is in slaves , but coffee is exported extensively from Hurrna , and large caravans three times in the year visit the ports , Zeyla and Barbara , laden with ivory , ostrich feathers , ghee , saffrons , gums , and myrrh . In return are brought blue and white calicoes , Indian piece goods , Indian prints , silks , and shawls , red cotton yarn , silk threads , beads , frankincense , copper wire , and zinc . A fortnight rolled away painfully in this detestable place , which was named Alio Amba , when a summons came from the monarch in these formal words :— “ Tarry not by day , neither stay ye by night ; for the heart of the father longeth to see his children , and let him not be disappointed . ” They now ascended through a country of romantic beauty , to Machalwan , the place appointed for the interview . The Abyssinian in charge of the embassy , was now sent forward to obtain permission to fire a salute of twenty-one guns on the arrival of the troop at the royal residence . This request seemed to have alarmed his majesty in no slight degree . The most romantic reports of the ordnance had gone before them . It was currently believed that their discharge was sufficient to set fire to the ground , to shiver rocks , and to dismantle mountain fastnesses . Men were said to have arrived , with “ copper legs , ” who served those tremendous engines ; and in alarm for the safety of his palace , capital , and treasures , the suspicious monarch still peremptorily insisted on withholding the desired license , until he should have seen the battery “ with his own eyes . ” It rained incessantly during the night which preceded the day of presentation , and until the morning broke ; when a great volume of white mist rose from the deep valleys , and drifted like a scene-curtain across the summit of the giant Mamrat . The whole troop now began to ascend the mountain ; and , as they approached within sight of the stockaded palace , the escort commenced to fire their matchlocks . The view here is described as very lovely , and giving some conception of European variety of vegetation , with tropical luxuriance . Farm-houses , rich fields , foaming cascades , and bright green meadows covered with flowers , met the eye on every side ; and above all towered the great Abyssinian range , some thousand feet perpendicularly overhead , with its summits crested with clouds . The crowd of spectators was immense , and were repelled only by strokes of the bamboo . At length a large tent was pitched for the reception of the embassy , the floor was strewed with heath , myrtles , and other aromatic shrubs ; and the weather having cleared up , “ the mission , radiant with plumes and gold embroidery , moved on . ” As they reached the precincts of the palace , the artillery fired a salute , which equally awed and astonished the multitude , the discharge being followed by universal shouts in the native tongue of — “ Wonderful English ! Well done , well done ! ” After several further stoppages , they entered the reception hall . It was circular , and showy . The lofty walls glittered with a profusion of silver ornaments , emblazoned shields , matchlocks , and double-barreled guns . Persian carpets and rugs of all sizes , colours , and patterns , covered the floors ; and crowds of governors , chiefs , and officers of the court , in their holiday attire , stood in a posture of respect , uncovered to the girdle . Two wide alcoves receded on either side , in one of which blazed a cheerful wood fire , engrossed by indolent cats ; while in the other , on a flowered satin ottoman , surrounded by withered slaves and juvenile pages , and supported by gay velvet cushions , lay “ His most Christian majesty , Sahela Selasse ! ” The Dech Agulari ( state doorkeeper ,) as master of the ceremonies , stood with a rod of green rushes to preserve the exact distance of approach to royalty ; and as the British entered and made their bows , pointed them to chairs , which done , it was commanded that all should be covered . The monarch was not unworthy of figuring in this pomp . Forty summers , of which eight-and-twenty had been passed on the throne , had slightly furrowed his forehead , and grizzled a full bushy head of hair , arranged in elaborate curls . But , though wanting the left eye , “ the expression of his manly features , open , pleasing , and commanding , did not belie the character for impartial justice which he had obtained far and wide ; even the robber tribes of the low country calling him a fine balance of gold . ” After the delivery of the ambassadorial letters , the exhibition commenced , which had so long been the envy of the courtiers , and probably the conversation of the kingdom . The presents were displayed . A rich Brussels carpet , which completely covered the hall , Cashmere shawls , and embroidered Delhi scarfs of resplendent hues , excited universal admiration . The finer specimens were handed to the king . As the various presents succeeded , the delight increased . A group of Chinese dancing figures , produced bursts of merriment ; and when the European escort , in full uniform , with the sergeant at their head , marched into the hall , paced in front of the throne , and performed the manual and platoon exercises , amid ornamented clocks chiming , and musical boxes playing “ God save the Queen , ” his majesty appeared quite entranced . “ But many and bright were the smiles that lighted up the royal features , as three hundred muskets , with bayonets fixed , were piled in front of the royal footstool . A buzz of mingled wonder and applause arose from the crowded courtiers ; and the monarch 's satisfaction now filled to overflowing . ‘ God will reward you , ’ he exclaimed — ‘ for I cannot ! ’ ” But a more serious and a more striking display was still to follow . The artillery were to exhibit their powers ; and the crowd rushed out , and scattered over the hill to see its practice . A sheet was attached to the opposite face of the ravine , the valley rang to the roar of the guns ; and as the white cloth flew in shreds to the wind , under a rapid discharge of round shot , canister , and grape , amid the crumbling of the rock , and the rush of falling stones , shouts of admiration rang from hill to hill . This eventful evening was closed by testimonies of the king 's satisfaction , in the shape of a huge pepper pie from the royal kitchen , with his commands that his children might feast ; and a visit from the royal confessor , a dwarf enveloped in robes and turbans , and armed with silver cross and crosier . Seating himself in a chair , he delivered a speech , which affords as good a specimen of court oratory as any thing that we remember ; and also shows the powerful effect of the presents on the courtly sensibilities . The speech was as follows :— “ Forty years have rolled away since Asfa Woosen , on whose memory be peace ! grandsire to our beloved monarch , saw in a dream that the red men were bringing into his kingdom , curious and beautiful commodities from countries beyond the great sea . The astrologers , on being commanded to give an interpretation thereof , predicted with one accord , that foreigners from the land of Egypt would come into Abysinia during his majesty 's most illustrious reign ; and that yet more and wealthier would follow in that of his son , and of his son 's son , who should sit next upon the throne . Praise be unto God , that the dream and its interpretation have now been fulfilled ! Our eyes , though they be old , have never beheld wonders until this day ; and during the reign over Shoa of seven successive kings , no such miracles as these have been wrought in Ethiopia !! ” The embassy were now fixed under the protection of the monarch ; and they were invited to join in the various displays and festivals of the new year , which the Abyssinians begin on the 10th of September . Of these , the cavalry review was by far the most showy , as well as the most suited to the gratification of the British officers . Some parts of this display seemed to have been borrowed from the days of European knighthood . The king 's master of the horse advanced at the head of his squadrons of picked household cavalry , “ the flower of the Christian lances . ” Ayto Melkoo , their leader , was arrayed in a party-coloured vest , surmounted by a crimson Arab fleece , handsomely studded with silver jets . A gilt embossed gauntlet encircled his right arm , from the wrist to the elbow ; his targe and horse trappings glittered with a profusion of silver crosses and devices , and he looked a stately and martial figure , curveting at the head of his well-appointed lancers . This warrior , advancing with his line , galloped up in front , and made a speech in the manner of old heroic times , vaunting his past prowess and his present loyalty , his troopers accompanying the more succcessful parts of his speech by striking the lance upon the targe . At the close , he threw his spears upon the ground , unsheathed his two-edged falchion , gave a howl , which was answered by a roar from his horsemen , and a discharge of fire-arms ; and the whole made a dash , and charged across the parade . At the royal command , the British now fired a salute of twenty-one guns , to the great wonder and astonishment of the wild Galla and the multitude of spectators . Thirteen governors , ( of provinces , we presume ,) clothed in the skins of lions and leopards and covered with silver chains , cuirasses , and gauntlets , emblems of their gallantry in the field , next passed before the king , each at the head of his troop , and each making a harangue . Abyssinia must be a very oratorical country . Last of all , came the tall , martial figure of Abegoz Moreteh , chief of the tributary Galla of the south , at the head of his legion , three thousand in number : this “ sea of wild horsemen ” moved in advance , to the sound of kettle-drums , their arms and decorations flashing in the sun , and their ample white robes and long sable hair streaming in the breeze . At the war-hoop of their leader , “ with the rush of a hurricane the moving forest of lances disappeared under a cloud of dust . ” From eight to ten thousand cavalry were in the field ; and the spectacle , which lasted from nine in the morning until five in the afternoon , was “ exceedingly wild and impressive . ” But the most impressive display of all was to be supplied by the British . With fire-arms the people were acquainted already . The “ brass galloper , ” though viewed with “ wonderful respect , ” was still only an engine on a larger scale than those to which they were familiarized . But the rocket was a formidable and splendid novelty . Night had now thrown her mantle round the field , and , by the king 's command , the rocket practice began ; the first brilliant rush into the air was matter of amazement to all . When the rocket started with a roar from its bed , men , women , and children fell on their faces — horses and mules broke from their tethers — and the warriors who had any heart remaining shouted aloud . The Galla tribes , who witnessed the explosion , ascribed the phenomenon to “ potent medicines , ” and declared , that since the Gyptzis ( British ) could , at pleasure , produce comets in the sky and rain fire down heaven , there was nothing for them but submission to the king 's command . The review was followed , at some interval of time , by a more substantial display . Thrice in the year the king summons his rude militia for an inroad into some of the neighbouring lands ; and , as he was particularly anxious to have the presence of the embassy on this occasion , and as they conceived it to offer the best opportunity of seeing the country , they accordingly accepted the invitation . As it is to be presumed that they had no intention of taking any personal part in this marauding expedition , we are not disposed to criticise their acquiescence ; otherwise there could be no doubt whatever , that they had no right to assist the king of Shoa in his foray on his neighbours , more than they would have had a right to assist his neighbours in their attacks upon the king of Shoa . The march was peculiar , and even pompous , in its kind . It was extraordinary to see it preceded by a copy of the Holy Scriptures , under a canopy of scarlet cloth , and borne on a mule ; but , it must be owned , accompanied by the “ Ark of the cathedral of St Michael , ” which works miracles , and is regarded as a pledge of victory . Then came the king on a specially caparisoned mule , surrounded by his guard of shield-bearers , and flanked by matchlock-men ; then came forty damsels , royal cooks , painted with ochre , and muffled in crimson-striped robes of cotton — a troop rigorously guarded by attendants with long white wands . Beyond these , as far as the eye could penetrate the clouds of dust , every hill and valley teemed with horsemen , camp-followers , sumpter-mules , and men carrying sheaves of spears , and leading caparisoned horses , all mixed in the most picturesque confusion . After a march of fifteen miles , the female cooks halted , like a flight of flamingoes , in a pretty , secluded valley . It was evident that the day 's march was now at an end , and the army halted to bivouac for the night . In the centre of this straggling camp , which could not be less than five miles in diameter , was raised a suite of royal tents , consisting of a gay party-coloured marquee of Turkish manufacture , surrounded by twelve ample awnings of black serge , over which floated five crimson pennons , surmounted respectively by silver globes . There was something of African , or perhaps European , pomp in this proceeding . Until the royal tents were enclosed from the vulgar eye , the Negoos , ascending an adjacent eminence with his chiefs and an escort of picked warriors , remained seated on cushioned alga , and under the crimson canopy of the state umbrella . When night fell , rockets were fired by the royal command , “ to instil terror into the breasts of the Galla hordes ; ” and the peak which ran near the headquarters , was chosen as the most central spot for the display . The effect , brilliant every where , was here all that even Majesty could have desired . The “ fire-rainers ” ( the picturesqe name which , we presune , Major Harris has adopted from the natives ) produced delight , wonder , and terror , in all their degrees ; and if the Galla nation were present , they must , to a man , have solicited chains , rather than be roasted alive by those flying monsters , which the people seem to have taken for the works of magic , if not magicians themselves . The display was followed by a repast in the old heroic style , and which will not be forgotten , should Abyssinia ever give the world a sable Homer . “ The chiefs and nobles sat down to their feast in the royal pavilion , where hydromel , beer , and raw flesh were in regal profusion !! After supper , speeches were made in the Homeric style , boasting of what the warriors had done , and intended to do . A fragment of one of the speeches ; addressed to the English as the party broke up , gives a fair idea of Abyssinian table eloquence , ‘ You are the adorners , ’ ( the orator had been decorated with a scarlet cloak ;) ‘ you have given me scarlet broadcloth , and behold I have reserved the gift for this day . This garment will bring me success ; for the Pagan who sees a crimson cloak on the shoulders of the Amhara , ’ ( Abyssinian ,) ‘ believing him to be a warrior of distinguished valour , will take , like an ass , to his heels , and be speared without the smallest danger . ’ ” The march , and the foray into the country of one of the Galla tribes , are admirably told , and perhaps are among the best descriptions in the volumes — exact without being tedious , and deeply coloured without exaggeration . But we must hasten to other things . This was the monarch 's eighty-fourth foray ; and on this we may conceive something of the horrors of barbarian life , and of the tremendous evils which nations have escaped whose laws and principles tame down the original evil of man . We are glad to find that the embassy refused to take any share in this horrible work , though they fell into some disrepute with the troops , and even with the monarch , for their remissness . The king had even reserved an unlucky Galla in a tree , to be shot by his guests . But this they declined , first , on the pretext of its being the Sabbath , and next , more distinctly on the ground , that — “ no public body was authorized by the law of nations , to draw a sword offensively in any country not at war with its own . ” They then offered the compromise , “ that an elephant was esteemed equivalent to forty Gallas , and a wild buffalo to five , and that they were ready to shoot as many of both as his Majesty pleased . ” But the embassy did more effectual things ; the sick and wounded received relief from them to the extent of their means , and they even prevailed on the king to liberate all his prisoners . The troops in the foray amounted to about 20 , 000 . On the return of this destroying expedition , which seems to have turned a very fine country into a desert , the king made a kind of triumphal entry into his capital . His costume was splendidly savage . A lion 's skin over his shoulders , richly ornamented , and half concealing beneath its folds an embroidered green mantle of Indian manufacture ; on his right shoulder were three chains of gold , as emblems of the Holy Trinity , (!) and the fresh-plucked bough of asparagus , which denoted his recent exploit , rose from the centre of an embossed coronet of silver on his brow . His dappled war-horse , in housings of blue and yellow , was led beside him ; and in front his “ champion ” rode a coal-black charger , bearing the royal shield of massive silver , with the cross upon it , and dressed in a panther 's hide . The two chief officers of his army rode either side of the crimson umbrella ; at the palace gates , a deputation of priests in white robes received the conqueror with a benediction and a volley of musketry announced his arrival . The leader of the royal matchlock-men performed a war dance before the Ark as it was borne along , and in the inner court the principal warriors , each carring some human fragment on his lance , flung then on the ground before the royal footstool , and shouted their war praise . The embassy at length attained personal distinction by the death of an elephant , which one of the party brought to the ground by a two-ounce ball . The “ warriors ” were all in astonishment at this feat , to which all had predicted the most disastrous termiration ; and “ Boroo , the brave chief of the Soopa , ” exclaimed in his delight , “ The world was made for you , and no one else has any business in it ! ” The chief object of the embassy was still to be accomplished — the formation of something that approached to a treaty of commerce . Beads , cutlery , and trinkets , had been received from the coast ; but the beggary of the nobles for those things was perpetual and intolerable . They called those ornanents pleasing things , and the cry was constant , “ show me pleasing things , ” “ give me delighting things , ” “ adorn me from head to foot . ” It is scarcely surprising that the natives should be enamoured of European conmodities ; for , though an old commerce had subsisted with Arabia , the supplies brought by the English were of the most exciting kind . Detonating caps were in great request ; treble strong canister powder was also much in demand . Yet there was some ingenuity amongst themselves ; for a young fellow was taken up for making dollars of pewter . Every spot and letter had been closely represented with punch and file . “ Tell me , ” said the king , on the case of this culprit being mentioned to him , “ how is that machine made which in your country pours out the silver crowns like a shower of rain ? ” The hand corn-mills , presented by the British Government , had been erected within the palace walls , and slaves were turning the wheels with unceasing diligence . “ Demetrius , the Armenian , made a machine to grind corn , ” exclaimed his majesty in a transport of delight , as the flour streamed upon the floor ; “ and though it cost the people a year of hard labour to construct , it was useless when finished , because the priest declared it to be the devil 's work , and cursed the bread . But , may the Sahela Selasse die — these engines are the work of clever hands . ” The monarch , elated with his knowledge , now determined to build a bridge , which in three days was completed ; and , as was predicted by the quiet English spectators , in three hours fell down on the very first fresh produced by the annual rains . Weaving excepted , the people manufactured nothing ; but British commerce has long been known , though evidently of the coarsest kind . At length , on his majesty 's being told that five thousand looms would bring him more wealth than ten thousand soldiers , he gradually consented to form a commercial treaty . The crown had hitherto appropriated the property of strangers dying in the country . The purchase or display of costly goods by the subject had been interdicted , and a maxim exhibiting the whole jealousy of savage life had been established , that the stranger who once entered was never to depart from Abyssinia . By the articles of the commercial treaty , all those barbarous prohibitions have been abolished . As the monarch returned the deed , he made a short speech sufficiently able and appropriate : “ You have loaded me with costly presents , the rainment that I wear , the throne on which I sit , the curiosities in my store-houses , and the muskets which hang round my great hall — all are from your country . What have I to give in return for such wealth ? My kingdom is as nothing . ” The hereditary provinces at this day subject to the King of Shoa , are comprised in a rectangular domain of 150 by 90 miles ; an area traversed by five systems of mountains , of which the culminating point divides the basin of the Nile from that of the Hawash . The Christian population of Shoa and Efat are estimated at a million ; and the Moslem and Pagan population at a million and a half . The royal revenues are said to amount to 80 , 000 or 90 , 000 German crowns , arising chiefly from import duties in slaves , merchandise , and salt . As the annual expenses of the state do not exceed 10 , 000 dollars ; it is presumed that the king , during his thirty years ’ reign , has amassed much treasure , which is regularly deposited under ground . We recommend the enquirers into the truth of Herodotus , to examine the curious illustrations stated in these volumes ; and , among the rest , the kingdom of pigmies . The geographer will find ample interest in tracing the course of the Gochob , a sort of central Nile ; and the naturalist , botanist , and entomologist , will find abundant information in the very interesting and complete appendices on those subjects . The history of the Christian missions of early ages is an excellent chapter , and the general statistics of religion . The practical religion of the Abyssinian Christian is of the very lowest degree of formality . Fasts , penances , and excommunications , form the chief discipline ; but the penitent can always provide a substitute for the two former , and the latter is always to be averted by money . Spiritual offences , however , are rare ; for murder and sacrilege alone give umbrage to the easy conscience of the natives of Shoa . Abstinence and largesses of money are equivalent to wiping away every sin . Their creed advises the invocation of saints , confession to the priest , and faith in charms and amulets . Prayers for the dead , and absolution , are indispensable ; and , as a more summary mode of relieving the burdens of the flesh , it is pronounced , that all sins are forgiven from the moment that the kiss of the pilgrim is imprinted on the stones of Jerusalem , and that even kissing the hand of a priest purifies the body from all sin . A creed of this order , which makes spiritual safety dependent , not upon personal purification of mind and divine mercy , but upon forms which are unconnected with either , and which even can be executed by a substitute , of course excludes the necessity for morals of any kind . All is corruption — “ Born amid falsehood and deceit , cradled in bloodshed , and nursed in the arms of idleness and debauchery , the national character almost defies the missionary . ” There are some strange remnants of Judaism still lingering amongst the tribes of these highland regions . The Galla have a tradition , that their whole nation will one day be called on to march , en masse , and reconquer Palestine for the return of the Jews . The king of Shoa regards himself as a direct descendant of the house of Solomon , calls himself king of Israel , and the national standard bears the motto , “ The Lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed . ” They believe the 45th Psalm to be a prophecy of Queen Magueda 's visit to Jerusalem ; whither she was attended by a daughter of Hiram , king of Tyre . The Jewish prohibitions against the flesh of unclean animals , are observed by the Abyssinians . The sinew which shrank , and the eating of which was prohibited to the Israelite , is also prohibited in Shoa . The Jewish Sabbath is strictly observed . The Abyssinians are said , by Ludolf , to be the greatest fasters in the world . The Wednesdays and Fridays are fasts ; the forty days before Easter are rigidly observed as a fast ; and from the Thursday preceding Easter till the Sunday , no morsel of meat is to enter the lips , and the prohibition against drink is equally rigorous . St Michael and the Virgin Mary are venerated in the highest degree ; St Michael as the leader of the hosts of heaven , and the latter as the chief of all saints , and queen of heaven and earth , and both as the great intercessors of mankind . Like the Jews of old , the Abyssinians weep and lament on all occasions of death ; and the shriek ascends to the sky , as if the soul could be recalled from the world of spirits . As with the Jews , the most inferior garments are employed as the weeds of woe ; and the skin torn from the temples , and scarified on the cheeks and breast , proclaims the last extremity of grief . As the Rabbins believe that angels were the governors of all sublunary things , the Abyssinians adopt this belief : carrying it even further , they confidently implore their assistance in all concerns , and invoke and adore them in a higher degree than the Creator . The clergy enjoy the price of deathbed confession ; and the churchyard is sternly denied to all who die without the rite , or whose relations refuse the fee and the funeral feast . Eight pieces of salt are the price of wafting a poor man 's soul to the place of rest , and the feast for the dead places him in a state of happiness , according to the cost of the entertainment . For the rich , money procures the attendance of priests , who absolve , and pray continually day and night . The anniversaries of the deaths of the six kings of Shoa are held with great ceremony in the capital ; and once every twelvemonth , before a splendid feast , their souls are absolved from all sin . Major Harris expresses himself ardently and eloquently on the hopes of commerce which might be maintained by Great Britain with this little-known but productive part of the world . It is notorious that gold and gold dust , ivory , ostrich feathers , peltries , spices , wax , and precious gums , form a part of the lading of every slave caravan ; notwithstanding that the tediousness of the transport , and the penuriousness of the Indian and Arab merchant , offer but a small compensation for their labour . No quarter of the globe abounds to a greater extent in vegetable and mineral productions than tropical Africa ; and in the populous , fertile , and salubrious portions lying immediately north of the equator , the very highest capabilities are presented for the employment of British capital . Coal has already been found ; cotton , of a quality unrivaled in the whole world , is every where a weed , and might be cultivated to any extent . The coffee which is sold in Arabia as the produce of Mocha , is chiefly of wild African growth ; and that species of the tea plant which is used by the lower orders of the Chinese , flourishes so widely , and with so little care , that the climate would doubtless be found well adapted for the higher-flavoured and more delicate species . If , at a very moderate calculation , a sum falling very little short of a hundred thousand pounds sterling , can be annually invested in European goods , to supply the wants of some of the poorer tribes adjacent to Abyssinia , what important results might not be anticipated from well-directed efforts , adopting the natural neans of communication in Africa ? Another winter passed — a dreary time for the mission in Ankober . Torrents rushed down the mountains , every footpath had been converted into a stream , and every valley into a morass . The season was peculiarly tempestuous ; the heavy white clouds constantly hung on the mountain pinnacles , and the torrents swelled the Hawash to such an extent , that the land for many miles on both sides was inundated . There must have been some difficulty in spending the time of this solitary confinement among the hills ; but the author was well employed in writing his volumes , and engineers were employed in erecting a Gothic hall , to the great delight of his Abyssinian majesty . He would allow them to do every thing except paint his portrait — the national idea being , that whoever takes a likeness , immediately becomes invested with power over the original . “ You are writing a book , ” he said . “ I know this , because I never enquire what you are doing that they do not tell me you are using a pen , or gazing at the heavens . That is a good thing , and it pleases me . You will speak favourably of myself ; but you shall not insert my portrait , as you have done that of the King of Zingero . ” The English had new wonders for him ; they shaped planks out of trees in a fashion new to the Abyssinians , who waste a tree on every plank . “ You English are indeed a strange people , ” said the king , as he saw the first plank formed in this economical style . “ I do not understand your stories of the roads dug under rivers , nor of the carriages that gallop without horses ; but you are a strong people , and employ wonderful inventions . ” At length the Gothic hall was complete . It may be presumed that nothing like it was ever seen in Abyssinia before ; for the mission not merely built , but furnished it with couches , ottomans , chairs , tables , and curtains ; doubtless a very showy affair , though we camot exactly comprehend the author 's expression of its being furnished after the manner of an English cottage ornee . The king , however , was delighted with it . “ I shall turn it into a chapel , ” said his majesty , patting his chief ecclesiastic on the back . “ What say you to that plan , my father ? ” As a last finishing touch , were suspended in the centre hall a series of large coloured engravings , representing the chase of the tiger in all its various phases . The domestication of the elephant , and its employment in war or in the pageant , had ever proved a stumbling block to the king ; but the appearance of the hugest of beasts in his hunting harness struck the chord of a new idea . “ I will have a nunber caught on the Roby , ” he exclaimed , “ that you may tame then , and that I too may ride on an elephant before I die ! ” Another of those fearful displays of barbarian plunder and havoc took place at the end of September . Twenty thousand warriors , headed by the king , made an inroad on the Galla . Those unfortunate people were so little prepared , that they seem to have been slaughtered without resistance . Between four and five thousand were butchered , and forty-three thousand head of cattle were driven off . A thousand captives , chiefly women and children , were marched in triumph to the capital ; but they were soon liberated , apparently on the remonstrance of the British mission . But a terrible disaster was to befall the palace and the people . The dweller amongst mountains must be always exposed to their dilapidation ; and a season of unusual rain , continuing to a much later period than usual , produced an earth-avalanche . “ As the evening of an eventful night ( Dec. 6th ) closed in , not a single breath of wind disturbed the thick fog which brooded over the mountain . A sensible difference was perceptible in the atmosphere ; but the rain again began to descend , and for hours pelted like the dischage of a waterspout . Towards morning , a violent thunder storm careered along the crest of the range , and every rock and cranny re-echoed from the crash of the thunder . Deep darkness again settled on the mountains , and a heavy rumbling noise , like the passage of artillery wheels , as followed by the shrill cry of despair . The earth , saturated with moisture , had slidden from their steep slopes , houses and cottages were engulfed in the debris , or shattered to fragments by the descending masses , and daylight presented a strange scene of ruin . Perched on the apex of the conical peak , the palace buildings were now stripped of their palisades , or overwhelmed : the roads along the hill were completely obliterated . The desolation had spread for miles along the great range : houses , with their inmates , had been hurried away . ” Before the mission took its departure , it did honour to the character of its country by one act which alone would have been worth its time and trouble . The horrid policy of African despotism condemns all the brothers of the throne to the dungeon , from the moment of the royal accession . The king had exhibited qualities of a very unexpected order in an African despot , and , under the guidance of the mission , had made some advances to justice , and even to clemency . At this period , he was suddenly seized with an alarming spasmodic disorder , and he apprehended that his constitution , enfeebled by the habits of his life , was likely to give way . On his recovery being despaired of by both priests and physicians , he suddenly sent for the British mission . “ ‘ My children , ’ said his majesty in a sepulchral voice , as he extended his burning hand towards them , ‘ behold I am sore stricken . Last night they believed me dead , and the voice of mourning had arisen within the palace walls ; but God hath spared me until now . ’ ” It seems to be the custom for the king 's physician to taste the draught prescribed for him , and an attenpt being made to do this by the British , the sick monarch generously forbade it . “ ‘ What need is there now of this ? ’ he exclaimed reproachfully . ‘ Do I not know that you would administer to Sahela Selasse nothing that could do him mischief ? ’ ” The reader will probably remember an almost similar act of confidence of Alexander the Great in his physician . An opportunity was now taken of urging him to an act of humanity , however strongly opposed to the habits of the country , and to the interests of the man . It was represented to him that his uncles and brothers had been immured in a dungeon during the thirty years of his reign , and that no act could be more honourable to himself , or acceptable to Heaven , than the extinction of this barbarous custom . “ ‘ And I will release them , ’ returned the monarch , after a moment 's debate within himself . ‘ By the Holy Eucharist I swear , and by the Church of the Holy Trinity in Koora Gadel , that if Sahela Selasse arise from this bed of sickness , all of whom you speak shall be restored to the enjoyment of liberty . ’ ” Fortunately he did arise from that bed of sickness , and he honourably determined to keep his promise . The royal captives were seven , and the British mission were summoned to see their introduction into the presence . They had been so exhausted by long captivity , that at first they seemed scarcely to comprehend freedom . They had been manacled , and spent their time in the fabrication of harps and combs , of which they brought specimens to lay at the feet of their monarch . This touching interview concluded with a speech of the king to the embassy — “ ‘ My children , you will write all that you have seen to your country , and will say to the British Queen , that , though far behind the nations of the White Men , from whom Ethiopia first received her religion , there yet remains a spark of Christian love in the breast of the King of Shoa . ’ ” We have thus given a rapid and bird'shYpppHeNeye view of a work , which we regard as rivaling in interest and importance any “ book of travels ” of this century . The name of Abyssinia was scarcely more than a recollection , connected with the adventurous ramblings of Bruce , for the romantic purpose of discovering the source of the Nile . His narrative had also been wholly profitless — attracting public curiosity in a remarkable degree at he time , no direct foundation of European intercourse was laid , and no movement of European traffic followed . But giving Bruce all the credit , which was so long denied him , for fidelity to fact , and for the spirit of bold adventure which he exhibited in penetrating a land of violence and barbarism , the mission of Major Harris at once establishes its object on more substantial grounds . It is not a private adventure , but a public act , rendered natural by the circumstances of British neighbourhood , and important for the opening of Abyssinia and central Africa to the greatest civilizer which the world has ever seen — the commerce of England . There are still obvious difficulties of transit , between the coast and the capital , by the ordinary route . But if the navigation of the Gochob , or the route from Tajura , should once be secured , the trade will have commenced , which in the course of a few years will change the face of Abyssinia ; limit , if not extinguish , that disgrace of human nature — the slave trade ; and , if not reform , at least enlighten , the clouded Christianity of the people . As the author was commissioned , not merely as a discoverer , but a diplomatist , it is to be presumed that on many interesting points he writes under the restraints of diplomatic reserve . But he has told us enough to excite our strong interest in the beauty , the fertility , and the capabilities of the country which he describes ; and more than enough to show , that it is almost a British duty to give the aid of our science , our inventions , and our principles , to a monarch and a people evidently prepared for rising in the scale of nations . We have a kind of impression , that some general improvement is about to take place in the more neglected portions of the world , and that England is honoured to be the chief agent in the great work . Africa , which has been under a ban for so many thousand years , may be on the eve of relief from the misery , lawlessness , and impurity of barbarism ; and we are strongly inclined to look upon this establishment of British feeling , and intercourse in Abyssinia , as the commencement of that proud and fortunate change . All attempts to enter Africa by the western coast have failed . The heat , the swamps , the rank vegetation , and the unhealthy atmosphere , have proved insurmountable barriers . The north is fenced by a line of burning wilderness . But the east is open , free , fertile , and beautiful . A British factory in Abyssinia would be not merely a source of infinite comfort to the people , by the communication of European conveniences and manufactures , but a source of light . British example would teach obedience and loyalty to the laws , subordination on the part of the people , and mercy on that of the sovereign . But we have also another object , sufficiently important to determine our Government in looking to the increase of our connexion with Eastern Africa . It is certainly a minor one , but one which no rational Government can undervalue . The policy of the present French King is directed eminently to the extension of commercial influence in all countries . To this policy , none can make objection . It is the duty of a monarch to develop all the resources of his country ; and while France exerts herself only in the rivalry of peace , her advance is an advance of all nations . But her extreme attention , of late years , to Africa , ought to open our eyes to the necessity of exertion in that boundless quarter . On the western coast , she had long fixed a lazy grasp ; but that grasp is now becoming vigorous , and extending hour by hour . Her flag flies at Golam , 250 miles up the Senegal . She has a settlement at Gori ; she has lately established a settlement at the mouth of the Assinee , another at the mouth of the Gaboon , and is on the point of establishing another in the Bight of Benin ; when she will command all Western Africa . She is not less active on the eastern shore . At Massawah , on the coast of Abyssinia , she is fast monopolizing the trade in gold and spices . She has purchased Edh , and is endeavouring to purchase Brava . Her attention to Northern Abyssinia is matter of notoriety , and we must regard this system , not so much with regard to advantages which such possessions might give to ourselves , as to their prejudice to us in falling into rival hands . The possession of Algeria should direct the eye of Europe to the ulterior objects of France ; the first change of masters in Egypt , must be looked to with national anxiety ; and the transmission of the great routes of Africa into her hands , must be guarded against with a vigilance worthy of the interests of England and Europe . If the river shall be found navigable to any extent , what an opening is thus presented to both the Merchant and the philanthropist ; a soil surpassed by none in the world , a climate varying only 1 º in the mean temperature of summer and winter , and presenting an average of 55-1 / 2 º, and a population who could hardly fail to feel the advantages of commerce and civilization . From such a point as Aden offers , access is promised to the very heart of Africa , and thence to the sources of the mighty rivers which find an outlet on the western side of the continent ; thus not merely benefiting the British merchant in a remarkable degree , but rapidly abolishing the slave trade , by giving employment to the people , wealth to the native trader , and a new direction to the powers of the country and the mind of its unhappy population . On the whole consideration of the subject , we feel convinced , that Eastern Africa is the safe and the natural point for British enterprise ; that it is the most direct and effective point for the extinction of the cruel traffic in human flesh ; and that it is the most promising and productive point for the establishment of that substantial connexion with the governments of the interior , which alone can be regarded as worth the attention of the statesman . Insignificant stations on the coast , to carry on a peddling traffic , are beneath a manly and comprehensive policy . We must penetrate the mountains , ascend the rivers , and reach the seats of sovereignty . We must , by a large and generous self-interest , combine the good , the knowledge , and the virtue of the population with our own ; and we must lay the foundation of our permanent influence over this fourth of the globe , by showing that we are the fittest to communicate the benefits , and establish the example of civilized society . To those who desire to go into more minute details , we recommend an accompanying volume by the missionaries Isenberg and Krapf — the latter of whom acted as interpreter to the embassy . A capital geographical memoir is also given by Mr M'Queen , the well-known African geographer . On the whole , it is highly gratifying to our respect for British soldiership ; to see works of this rank proceeding from our military men . They have great opportunities , and may thus render national services in peace , not less important than their enterprise in war . The East India Company offers inducements of the most important order , to the accomplishment and scientific activity of its officers ; and Major Harris must feel the distinction of having been selected for a mission of such interest , as well as the high gratification of having conducted it to so benevolent , solid , and satisfactory a close . A WORD OR TWO OF THE OPERA-TIVE CLASSES . BY LORGNON . “ Vai , ch'avete gl'intelletti sani , Mirate la dottrina che s'asconde , Sotto queste coperte , alte e profonde ! ” — BERNI . In the course of social transition , professions , like dogs , have their day . A calling honourable in one century , becomes infamous in the next ; and vocations grow obsolete , like the fashioning of our garments or figures of speech . In barbarous communities , the strong man is king :— “ Le premier roi fut un soldat heureux . ” Where human statute is beginning to prize the general weal , the legist is of high account , and the priest paramount . Higher civilization engenders the influence of the man of letters , the artist , the dramatist , the wit , the poet , and the orator . Or when , with a wisdom surpassing the philosophy of the schools , we tumble down to prose , and assume the leathern apron of the utilitarian — the civil engineer , or operative chemist , starts up into a colossus . Sir Humphrey Davy , and Sir Isambert Brunel , are the true knights of modern chivalry ; and Sir Walter — our Sir Walter — never showed himself more shrewd than in his exclamation to Moore — “ Ah , Tam !— it 's lucky , man , we cam ’ sae soon ! ” Great as was his influence , equaling that of the other two great Sir Walters , Manny and Raleigh , in their several epochs of valour and enterprise , it is likely enough , that , if born a century later , the MSS . of the Scotch novels would have been chiefly valuable to light the furnace of some factory ! So much in exposition of the fact , that , so long as the world possessed only three of what we choose to call quarters , an executioner was an officer of state ; and that , now it possesses five , the female of highest renown , and greatest power of self-enrichment , is the danseuse , or opera-dancer ! Many intermediary callings have disappeared . The domestic chaplain of a lordly household is now nearly as superfluous as its archers or falconers ; and the court calendars of former reigns record a variety of places and perquisites , which , did they still exist , would be unpalatable to modern courtiers , though compelled to earn their daily cakes , however dirty . Just as the last golden pippin of the house of Crenie was preserved in wax for the edification of posterity , a watchman has been deposited , with his staff and lantern , in the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich , or the Museum of the Zoological , or United Service Club , or some other of your grand national collections , as a specimen of the extinct Dogberry or Charley of the eighteenth century ; and in process of time , as much and more also will probably be done to a parish beadle , a theatrical manager , a lord chamberlain — and other public functionaries whom it might not be altogether safe to enumerate . Among them , however , there is really some satisfaction in hinting at the hangman !— For , hear it , ye sanguinary manes of our ancestors :— “ Les bourreaux s'en vont ! ” Executioners are departing ! We shall shortly have to commemorate in our obituaries , and signalize by the hands of our novelists — “ the last of the Jack Ketches . ” In these days of ultra-philanthropy , the hangman scarcely finds salt to his porridge , or porridge to salt . Exempli gratia . In the course of last year , a patient of the lower class was admitted into the lunatic ward of the public hospital at Marseilles , whose malady seemed the result of religious depression . In that supposition , the usual means of relief were resorted to , and he was at length discharged as convalescent ; when , to attest the perfectness of his cure , he went and hanged himself ! A proc è s verbal was , as usual , made out , and the supposed fanatic proved to be the ex-executioner of Lyons ! Tender-hearted people instantly ascribed his melancholy to qualms of conscience . But it appeared in evidence , that , since the accession of the citizen king , the trade of the hangman had become a dead failure ; and the disconsolate bankrupt was accordingly forced to take French leave of a world wherein bourreaux can no longer turn an honest penny ! Yet , less than three centuries ago , his predecessors were men of mark and consideration . Our own King Hal took more heed of his executioner than of half the counties over whose necks his axe was suspended ; while Louis XI ., a legitimate sovereign of France , used to dip in the dish with Tristan Hermite and Olivier le Dain . A few reigns later , and the hangman of the French metropolis ( who shares with its diocesan the honour of being styled “ Monsieur de Paris ” ) was respected as the most accomplished in Europe . The treasons of its civil wars had created so many executions , that a Gascon , wishing to prove that his father had been beheaded as a nobleman , instead of hanged like a dog or a citizen , asserted the decollation to have been so expertly executed en Gr è ve , that the sufferer was unconscious of his end . “ Shake yourself , ” exclaimed the executioner ; and , on his lordship 's making the attempt , his head rolled into the dust . This adroitness was the result of competition . In that day there were degrees of hangmen , and promotion might be accomplished . Not only had the king his executioner , and the Lorraines theirs — the court and the city — the abbot of St Germain des Pr è s — the abbot of this , and the abbot of that — but various communities and Signories , having right of life and death over their vassals , kept an executioner for purposes of domestic torture , as they kept a seneschal to carve their meats ; or as people now keep a chef or a ma î tre d'h ô tel . In those excellent olden times of Europe , hangmen , doubtless , carried about written characters from lord to lord , certifying their experience with rope and axe — branding-iron and thong . So long as the Inquisition afforded constant work for able hands , a good hangman out of place must have been a treasure ! Had there been register-offices or newspaper advertisements , there probably would have appeared — “ WANTS A SITUATION — An able-bodied , middle-aged man , without encumbrance , who can have an undeniable character from his last situation , as headsman , hangman , and general executioner . He is accustomed to the use of thumbikins and the most approved and fashionable modes of torture ; and officiated for many years as superintendent of the wheel of a foreign prince , renowned for the neatness of his rack . Drawing and quartering in all their branches . Pressing to death performed in the most economical style . Impalement in the Turkish manner ; and the pile , as practised by the best Smithfield hands , & c. & c. & c . ” Independent , indeed , of the high prosperity and vast perquisites of such posts as executioner of the Tower of London or the Gr è ve of Paris , there was honour and satisfaction in the office . A royal master knew when he was well served . Henry III . stood by , in his chateau of Blois , to see , not only the heads severed from the dead bodies of the Duke and Cardinal de Guise , but their flesh cut into small pieces , preparatory to being burned , and the ashes scattered to the winds . “ His majesty , ” says an eyewitness , “ stood in a pool of blood to witness the hacking of the bodies . ” This Italian gusto for the smell of blood , appears to have been introduced into the palaces of France from those of Italy by alliance with the Medici — those ennobled pawnbrokers of the middle ages , whose parvenu taste engendered the fantastic gilding of the renaissance , which they naturalized in the Tuileries and at Fontainbleau , in common with the stiletto and acqua tofana of their poisoners , and the fatalism of their judicial astrology . But enough of Catharine de Medicis and her sanguinary son — enough of Henry Tudor and his savage daughters — enough of the monstrous professions flourishing in their age of monstrosities . And turn we for relief to the exquisite vocation completing the antithesis — the vocation whose execution is that of pas de z é phyrs , and the tortures of whose infliction are the tortures of the tender heart ! The calling of the danseuse , we repeat , is among the most lucrative of modern times , and nearly the most influential . The names of Taglioni and Elssler are as European , nay , as universal , as those of Wellington and Talleyrand-Metternich or Thiers ; and modern statesmanship and modern diplomacy show pale beside the Machiavelism of the coulisses . With what pomp of phraseology are the triumphs and movements of these danseuses announced , by the self-same journal which despatches , with a stroke of the pen , the submission of a province or revolution of a kingdom ! One poor halfpenny-worth , or half a line , suffices for the death of a sultana ; while fiery columns precede the departure and arrival of the steamer honoured by conveying across the Atlantic some ethereal being , whose light fantastic toe is to give the law to the United States . Her appearance in the Ecclesiastic States , on the other hand , is announced in Roman capitals ; and her triumphal entry into St Petersburg received with regiments of notes of admiration !! ! Were Taglioni , by the malediction of Providence , to break her leg , what corner of the civilized earth but would sympathize in the casualty ? Or were Elssler epidemically carried off , on the same day with the Pope , the Archbishop of Dublin , a chancellor of an university , an historiographer , or astronomer-royal — which would be most cared for by society at large , or to which would the public journals distribute the larger share of their dolefuls ? Nor is it alone the levities of Europe which have encompassed with a gaseous atmosphere of enthusiasm these idols of the day . We appeal to our sober , plodding , painstaking brother Jonathan . We move for returns of the sums he has expended on his beloved Fanny , and for notes of the honours conferred upon her , not only on the boards of his theatres and in the publicity of his causeways , but amid the august nationalities of his senate ! “ Fanny Elssler in Congress ” has become as historical as the name of Washington ! As if for the purpose of proving that extremes meet , the democrats of the New World were demonstrating the wildest infatuation in favour of one dancer , while the great autocrat of the Old was exhibiting a similar fervour in honour of another . La Gitana became all but presidentess of the Transatlantic republic ; La Bayad è re depolarized the tyrant of the Poles ! But , above all , the Empress of Russia — albeit , the lightest of sovereigns and coldest of women — was carried so far by her enthusiasm as to fasten a bracelet of gems on the fair arm of Taglioni ; while the Queen-Dowager of England conferred a similar honour on the Neapolitan dancer Cerito ! Now , what queen or princess , we should like to know , has lavished necklace , or bracelet , or one poor pitiful brooch , on Miss Edgeworth or Miss Aitkin , Mrs Somerville or Joanna Baillie , or any other of the female illustrations of the age , saving these aerial machines which have achieved such enviable supremacy ? Mrs Marcet , who has taught the young idea of our three kingdoms how to shoot ; Miss Martineau , who has engrafted new ones on our oldest crab-stocks , might travel from Dan to Beersheba without having a fatted calf or a fatted capon killed for them , at the public expense . But let Taglioni take the road , and what clapping of hands — what gratulation — what curiosity — what expansion of delight ! The only wonder of all this is , that we should wonder about the matter . Dancing constitutes that desideratum of the learned of all ages — an universal language . Music , which many esteem much , is nearly as nationalized in its rhythm as dialect in its words ; whereas the organs of sight are cosmopolitan . The eye of man and the foot of the dancer include between them all nations and languages . The poetry of motion is interpreted by the lexicon of instinct ; and the unimpregnable grace of a Taglioni becomes omnipotent and catholic as that of “ The statue that enchants the world ! ” Who can doubt that the names of these sorceresses of our time will reach posterity , as those of the Aspasias and Lauras of antiquity have reached our own — as having held philosophers by the beard , and trampled on the necks of the conquerors of mankind — as being those for whom Solon legislated , and to whom Pericles succumbed ? Pausanius tells us of the stately tomb of the frail Pythonice in the Vica Sacra ; and we know that Phryne offered to rebuild the walls of Thebes , by Alexander overthrown . And surely , if modern guide-books instruct us to weep in the cemetery of P è re la Chaise over the grave of Fanny Bias , history will say a word or two in honour of Cerito , who proposed through the newspapers , last season , an alliance offensive and defensive with no less a man than Peter Borthwick , Esq . M. P ., ( Arcades ambo !) to relieve the distress of the manufacturing classes of Great Britain ! It is true such heroines can afford to be generous ; for what lord chancellor or archbishop of modern times commands a revenue half as considerable ? Why , therefore — O Public ! why , we beseech thee , seeing that the influence of the operative class is fairly understood , and undeniably established among us — why not at once elevate choriography to the rank of one of the fine arts ?— Why not concentrate , define , and qualify the calling , by a public academy ?— since all hearts and eyes are amenable to the charm of exquisite dancing , why vex ourselves by the sight of what is bad , when better may be achieved ? Be wise , O Pubic , and consider ! Establish a professor 's chair for the improvement of pirouetters . We have hundreds of professor 's chairs , quite as unavailable to the advancement of the interests of humanity , and wholly unavailable to its pleasures . Neither painters nor musicians acquire as much popularity as dancers , or amass an equal fortune . Why should they be more highly protected by the state ? To disdain this exquisite art , is a proof of barbarism . The nations of the East may cause their dances to be performed by slaves ; but two of the greatest kings of ancient and modern times , the kings after God 's own heart and man 's own heart — David and Louis le Grand — were excellent dancers , the one before the ark , the other before his subjects . Never , perhaps , did the art of dancing attain such eminent honours in the eyes of mankind , as during the si è cle dor é of the latter monarch . At an epoch boasting of Moli è re and Racine , Bossuet and F é n é lon , Boileau and La Fontaine , Colbert and Perrault , ( the fairy talisman of politics and architecture ,) the court of Versailles could imagine no manifestation of regality more august , or more exquisite , than that of getting up a royal ballet ; and the father of his people , Louis XIV ., was , in his youth , its coulon . How amusing are the descriptions of these entr é es de ballet , circumstantially bequeathed us by the memoirs of the regency of Anne of Austria ! The cardinal himself took part in them ; but the chief performers were the young King , his brother Gaston d'Orleans , and the maids of honour , figuring as Apollo and the Muses , or Hamadryads adoring some sylvan divinity . Who has not sympathized in the joy of Madame de Sevign é, at seeing her fair daughter exhibit among the coryph é es ! Who has not felt interested in the jet é es and pas de bourr é es of the ancien r é gime , when accomplished at court by Cond é s , Contis , Montpensiers , Montmorencys , Rohans , Guises ! The Marquis de Dangeau first recommended himself to the favour of the royal master whose courts he was destined to journalize for posterity , by the skill of his pas de basques ; and long before the all but conjugal influence of the lovely La Valli è re commenced over the heart of the grand monarque , his early love , and more especially his passion for the beautiful niece of the Cardinal , may be traced to the rehearsals and rondes de jambes of Maitz and Fontainbleau . The reign of Madame de Maintenon ( la raison m ê me ) over his affections , declared itself by the sudden transfer of a ballet-opera , expressly composed by Rameau and Quinault for the beauties of the court , to the public theatre of the Palais Royal . No more noble figurantes at Versailles ! Louis le Pirouettiste 's occupation was gone ; and the ma î tre des ballets du roi arrayed himself in sackcloth and ashes . But , lo ! the glories of his throne took wing with the loves and graces ; ballets and victories being effaced on the same page from the annals of his reign . During the minority of Louis XV ., the same royal dansomania was renewed . The regent , Duke of Orleans , entertained the same notions of kingly education , on this head , as his predecessor the cardinal ; and Louis le Bien-aim é, like his great-grandfather before him , was the best dancer of his realm . Such dancing as it was ! such exquisite footing ! In the upper story of the grand gallery at Versailles , hang several pictures representing these court ballets ; Cupids in coatees of pink lustring , with silver lace and tinsel wings , wearing full-bottomed wigs and the riband of the St Esprit ; or Venuses in hoops and powder , whose minauderies might afford a lesson to the divinities of our own day for the benefit of the omnibus box . Some of these groups , by Mignard , Boucher , and their imitators , are charming studies as tableaux de genre . But in nothing , by the way , are they more remarkable than in their decency . The nudities of the present times appear to have been undreamed of in the philosophy of Versailles . That simple-hearted , though strong-minded American writer , Miss Sedgwick , who has published an account of her consternation as she sat with Mrs Jameson in the stalls of our Italian opera , might have witnessed the royal performance unabashed . On being told , as she gazed upon the intrepid self-exposure of Taglioni , “ qu'il fallait ê tre sage pour danser comme ç a , ” Miss S. observes , that it requires to be more or less than woman , and proposes to divide the human species into men , women , and OPERA-DANCERS , little suspecting that half her readers translate such a classification into “ men , women , and ANGELS ; ” or that they would see herself and her sister moralist go down in the President without a pang , provided Elssler and Taglioni were saved from the deep ! Natural enough ! we repeat it — natural enough ! To create a good dancer , requires the rarest combination of physical and mental endowments . Graceful as the forms transmitted to us by the pottery of Etruria and the frescoes of Herculaneum , she must unite with the strength of an athlete , the genius of a first-rate actress . That even moderate dancing demands immoderate abilities , is attested by the exhibition of human ungainliness disfiguring all the court balls of Europe . There may be seen the representatives of the highest nobility , tutored by the highest education , shuffling over the polished floor with stiffened arms and bewildered legs — often out of time — always out of place — as if acting under the influence of a galvanic battery . Not one in ten of them rises even to mediocrity as a dancer . A few degrees lower in the social scale , and it would be not one in twenty . Amid the shoving , shouldering , shuffling mob of dancers in an ordinary ball-room , the absence of all grace amounts even to the ludicrous . Forty years long have people been dancing the quadrilles now in vogue , which consist of six favourite country-dances , fashionable in Paris at the close of the last century , and then singly known by the names they still retain — “ La Poule , L'Et é, Le Pantalon , Le Trenis , ” & c. & c. To avoid the monotony of dancing each in succession , for hours at a time , down a file of forty couple , it was arranged that every eight couple should form a square , and perform the favourite dances , in succession , with the same partner — a considerable relief to the monotony of the ball-room . Yet , after all this experience , if poor Monsieur le Trenis ( after whom one of the figures was named , and who , during the consulate , died dancing-mad in a public lunatic asylum ) could rise , sane , from the dead , it would be enough to drive him mad again to see how little had been acquired , in the way of practice , since his decease . The processes and varieties of the ball-room are just where he left then on his exit ! Previous to the introduction of quadrilles and country dances or contredanses , the inaptitude of nine-tenths of mankind for dancing was still more eminently demonstrated in the murders of the minuet . For ( as Morall , the dancing-master of Marie Antoinette , used passionately to exclaim ) — que de choses dans un minuet ! What worlds of modest dignity — of alternate amenity and scorn ! The minuet has all the tender coquetry of the bolero , divested of its licentious fervour . With the minuet and the hoop , indeed , disappeared that powerful circumvallation of female virtue , rendering superfluous the annual publication of a dozen codes of ethics , addressed to the “ wives of England ” and their daughters . All was comprehended in the pas grave . That noble and right Aulic dance was expressly invented in deference to the precariousness of powdered heads ; and its calm sobrieties , once banished from the ball-room , revolutionary boulang è res succeeded — and chaos was come again ! The stately pavon had possession of the English court , with ruffs and farthingales , in the reign of Elizabeth . With the Stuarts came the wild courante or corante — “ Hair loosely flowing , robes as free ” — and if the House of Hanover , and minuets , reformed for a time the irregularities of St James 's — what are we to expect now that waltzes , galops , and the eccentricities of the cotillon have possession of the social stage ? WHAT NEXT ? as the pamphlets say — “ What will the lords do ? ” — what the ladies ? Thus much in proof , that the boss of pirouettiveness is strangely wanting in human conformation , and that there is consequently all the excuse of ignorance for the wild enthusiasm lavished by London on the operative class . Ten guineas per night — five hundred for the season — is the price exacted for a first-rate opera-box ; and as the exclusives usually arrive at the close of the opera , or , if earlier , keep up a perpetual babble during its performance , they clearly come for the dancing .— “ On voit l'op é ra , et l'on é coute le ballet , ” used to be said of the Acad é mie de Musique . But it might be asserted now , with fully as much truth , of the Queen 's Theatre , where the evolutions of Carlotta Grisi , Elssler , and Cerito , keep the audience in a state of breathless attention denied to Shakspeare . In two out of these instances , it may be advanced that they are consummate actresses as well as graceful and active dancers . Elssler 's comedy is almost as piquant as that of Mademoiselle Mars . Nor is the ballet unsusceptible of a still higher order of histrionic display . We never remember to have seen a stronger lev é e en masse of cambric handkerchiefs in honour of O'Neill ' s Mrs Haller , or Siddons 's Isabella , than of the ballet of “ Nina ; ” while the affecting death-dance in “ Masaniello ” is still fresh in the memory of the admirers of Pauline Leroux . We have heard of swoons and hysterics along the more impressionable audiences of La Scala , during the performance of the ballet of “ La Vestale ; ” and have witnessed with admiration the striking effect of the fascinative scene in “ Faust . ” Of late years , the union of Italian blood and a French education has been found indispensable to create a danseuse — “ Sangue Napolitano in scuola Parigiana ; ” — and Vesuvius is the Olympus of all our recent divinities . Formerly , a Spanish origin was the most successful . The first dancer who possessed herself of European notoriety was La Camargo , whose portraits , at the close of a century , are still popular in France , where she has been made the heroine of several recent dramas . To her reign , succeeded that of the Gruinards and Duth é s — in honour of whose bright eyes , a variety of noblemen saw the inside both of Fort St Ev ê que and St Pelagie ; the opera being at that time a fertile source of lettres de cachet . To obtain admittance to the private theatricals of the former dancer , in her magnificent hotel in the Chauss é e d'Antin , the ladies of fashion and of the court had recourse to the meanest artifices ; while the latter has obtained historical renown , by having excited the jealousy , or rather envy , of Marie Antoinette . Mademoiselle Duth é appeared at the f ê tes of Longchamps , in the Bois de Boulogne , in a gorgeous chariot drawn by six milk-white steeds , with red morocco harness , richly ornamented with cut steel ; and thus accomplished the object of incurring the resentment of the court , from the prodigality of one of whose married princes these splendours were supposed to emanate — splendours exceeding those of the Rhodopes of old . But the greatest triumph ever achieved by danseuse , was that of Bigottini ! The Allied sovereigns , after vanquishing the victor of modern Europe , were by her vanquished in their turn . At her feet , fresh trembling from an entre-chat , did “ Fiery French and furious Hun ” lay down their arms ! The Allied armies appeared to have entered Paris only to become the slaves of Bigottini ! In our own country , devotees of the danseuse have done more , by promoting her to the decencies of the domestic fireside . In our own country , also , even Punch was once purchased by an eccentric nobleman for the diversion of his private life . But as Demosthenes observed of the cost of such a pleasure , “ that is buying repentance too dear ! ” We are perhaps offending the gravity of certain of our readers by the extent of this notice ; albeit , we have striven to propitiate their prejudices by the peculiar combination and juxtaposition of professions , selected for consideration . But we are not acting unadvisedly . Close its eyes as it may , the public cannot but perceive , that the legitimate drama is banished by want of encouragement from the national theatres , and that the ballet is brandishing her cap and bells triumphantly in its room . Such changes are never the result of accident . The supply is created by the demand . It is because we prefer the Sylphide to Juliet , that the Sylphide figures before us . Shakspeare was played to empty benches ; the Peri and Gisele fill the houses . We repeat , therefore , since such is the bent of public appetite , let it be gratified in the least objectionable way . Let us have a royal academy of dancing . We shall easily find some Earl of Westmoreland to compose its ballets , and lady patronesses to give an annual ball for the benefit of the institution . Do not let some eighty thousand a-year be lost to the country . An idol is as easily carved out of one block of wood as another . Let us make unto ourselves goddesses out of the haberdashers ’ shops of Oxford Street ; and qualify the youthful caprices of Whitechapel to command the homage of Congress , and of the great autocrat of all the Russias . Properly instructed , little Sukey Smith may still obtain an enameled brooch or bracelet from her Majesty the Queen-Dowager ! Let us “ people this whole isle with sylphs ! ” Let Drury-Lane and Covent-Garden flourish ; but — thanks to Great Britain pirouettes !— the art of giving ten guineas for a couple of hours spent in an opera-box , will then become less criminal ; and we shall have no fear of the influence of some Herodias 's daughter in our domestic life , when we see the Cracovienne announced in the bills “ by Miss Mary Thomson . ” The charm will be destroyed . The unfrequented coulisses , like Dodona , will cease to give forth oracles . Under the influence of an “ establishment , ” we shall have to record of opera-dancers as of other professions , that “ the goddesses are departing ! ” The danse à roulades of Fanny Elssler will be voted vulgar , when attempted by a Buggins . Let Mr Bunn look to himself . He may yet survive his immortality . We foresee a day in which he will be no longer styled Alfred the Great . With the aid of George Robins , and other illustrious persons interested in the destinies of theatrical property , we do not despond of hearing attached to “ a bill for the legalization of the Royal and National Academy of Dancing of the United Kingdom , ” the satisfactory decree of “ LA REINE LE VEUT ! ” THE PIRATES OF SEGNA . A TALE OF VENICE AND THE ADRIATIC . IN TWO PARTS . PART I . CHAPTER I .— THE STUDIO . It was on a bright afternoon in spring , and very near the close of the sixteenth century , that a handsome youth , of slender form and patrician aspect , was seated and drawing before an easel in the studio of the aged cavaliere Giovanni Contarini — the last able and distinguished painter of the long-declining school of Titian . The studio was a spacious and lofty saloon , commanding a cheerful view over the grand canal . Full curtains of crimson damask partially shrouded the lofty windows , intercepting the superabundant light , and diffusing tints resembling the ruddy , soft , and melancholy hues of autumnal foliage ; while these hues were further deepened by a richly carved ceiling of ebony , which , not reflecting but absorbing light , allayed the sunny radiance beneath , and imparted a sombre yet brilliant effect to the pictured walls , and glossy draperies , of the spacious apartment . Above the rich and lofty mantelpiece hung one of the last portraits of himself painted by the venerable Titian , and on the dark pannels around were suspended portraits of great men and lovely women by the gifted hands of Giorgione , Paul Veronese , Paris Bordone , and Tintoretto . Regardless , however , of all around him , and almost breathless with eagerness and impatience , the student pursued his object , and with rapid and vigorous strokes had half completed his sketch — totally unconcious the while that some one had opened the folding-doors , crossed the saloon , and now stood behind his chair . “ But tell me , Antonello mio ! ” exclaimed old Contarini , after gazing awhile in mute astonishment at the sketch before him ; “ tell me , in the name of wonder , what kind of face do you mean to draw around that lean and withered nose and that horribly wrinkled mouth ? ” Antonio , however , was so unconcious of the “ world without , ” that he started not at this sudden interruption of the previous stillness . Regardless , too , of the serious and indeed reproving tone of the old man 's voice , he hastily replied without averting his gaze from the canvass . “ Hush , maestro ! I beseech you . Question me not , for Heaven 's sake ! I cannot spare a word in reply . The original , ” continued he , after a brief interval of close attention to his object , and drawing as he spoke ; “ the original is still firmly fixed in my memory . I see its sharp outlines clear within me , and , as you well know and oft have told me , a feature lost is lost for ever . Alas ! alas ! those lines and angles around the mouth are already fading into shadow . ” After he had thrown out these words , from time to time , like interjections , and with Venetian rapidity of utterance , nothing was audible in the saloon for some minutes but the young artist 's sharp and rapid strokes upon the canvass . “ No more of this , Antonio ! ” at length exclaimed the old painter with energy , after gazing for some time at the gradual appearance of an old woman 's lean and winkled features , dried up and yellow as if one of the dead , and yet lighted up by a pair of dark deep-set eyes , which seemed to blaze with supernatural life and lustre . At each touch of the artist , this mummy-like and unearthly visage was brought out into sharper and more disgusting relief , when Contarini , no longer able to control his indignation , dashed the charcoal from his pupil 's hand . “ Apage , Satanas ! ” he shouted , “ thy talent hath a devil in it . I see his very hoof-print in that horrible design . ” Startled by this unexpected violence , the young artist turned round , and beheld with amazement the usually benign featutes of his venerable teacher flashing upon him with irrepressible anger , which was the more impressive because the Cavaliere had just returned from a visit to the Doge , and was richly attired in the imposing patrician costume of the period . Around his neck was the golden chain hung there by the imperial hands of Rodolph the Second , and he wore the richly enameled barret , and lofty heron 's plume , which the same picture-loving emperor had placed upon his head when he knighted him as a reward for the noble pictures he had painted in Germany . There was a true and fine air of nobility in his lofty form and well-marked features — a character of matured thought and intellectual power in the expansive brow , and in the firm gaze of his large dark eyes , as yet undimmed by age — with evidence of decision and self-respect , and habitual composure in the finely formed mouth and chin . Thus splendidly arrayed , and thus dignified in form , features , and expression , this distinguished man recalled so powerfully to the memory of his imaginative pupil the high-minded doges of the heroic period of Venice , and the imposing portraits of Titian 's senators , that , with a deep sense of his own moral inferiority , he obeyed in silence , and with starting tears removed the offending sketch . Then placing before him a small picture of a weeping and lovely Magdalen by Contarini , which he had undertaken to copy , he began the sketch , patiently awaiting a voluntary explanation of this unwonted vehemence in his beloved teacher , who , seated in his armchair , leaned his head upon his hand and seemed lost in thought . And now again for some time was the deep stillness of the studio interrupted only by the strokes of Antonio 's charcoal , which , unlike his rapid and feverish efforts when sketching the old woman , were now subdued and tranquil . As he gazed into the upraised and pleading eyes of the beautiful Magdalen , his excitement gradually yielded to the pacifying influence of her mute and eloquent sorrow . This salutary change escaped not the observation of Contarini , whose benevolent features softened as he gazed upon these tokens of a better spirit in his pupil . “ I rejoice to see , Antonio , ” he began , “ that you already feel , how ever imperfectly , the soothing and hallowed influence of the Beautiful in Art and Nature , and the peril to soul and body of delighting in imaginary forms of horror . If you indulge these cravings of a distempered fancy , you will sink to the base level of those Flemish artists who delight in painting witches and demons , and in all fabulous and monstrous forms . You , who are nobly born , devoted to poetry and fine art , and possess manifest power in portraiture , should aim at the Heroic in painting . Make this your first and steadfast purpose . Devote to it your life and soul ; and , should the power to reach this elevation be wanting , you may still achieve the Beautiful , and paint lovely women in lovely attitudes . But tell me , Antonello ! ” continued he , resuming his wonted kindness , “ how came that horrid visage across thy path , or rather across thy fancy ? for surely no such original exists . Say , didst thou see it living , or was it the growth of those distempered dreams to which painters , more than other men , are subject ? ” “ No , padre mio ! it was no dream , ” eagerly answered his pupil . “ Yesterday I went in our gondola , as is my wont on festivals , to the beautiful church of San Moyses , which I love for its oriental and singular architecture . When near the church I heard a melodious voice calling to Jacopo , my gondolier , the only boatman in sight , and begging a conveyance across the canal . Issuing from the cabin , I saw a tall figure , closely veiled , standing on the steps of the palace facing the church and occupied by the Archduke 's ambassador . Approaching the steps , Jacopo placed a plank for the stranger ; but , as she stepped out to reach it , a sudden gust caught her large loose mantle , which , clinging to her shape , displayed for a moment a form of such majestic and luxuriant fulness — such perfect and glorious symmetry , as no man , still less an artist , could look on unmoved . In trembling and indescribable impatience , I awaited the raising of her veil . Another gust , and a slight stumble as she bounded rather than stepped into the boat , befriended me ; the partial shifting of her veil , which she hastily replaced , permitted a glimpse of her features — brief , indeed , but never to be forgotten . Yes , father ! the face which surmounted that goddess-like and splendid person , was the horrid visage I have sketched , lean and yellow , drawn up into innumerable wrinkles , and with black eyes of intolerable brightness , blazing out of deep and faded sockets . Staggered by this unearthly contrast , I fell back upon the bench of the gondola , and gazed in silent horror at the stranger , who answered not the blunt questions of Jacopo ; and , as if ashamed of her astounding ugliness , sat motionless and shrouded from head to foot in her capacious mantle . I followed her into the church ; but , unable to hold out during the mass , I left her there and hastily returned to sketch this sublime example of the hideous before any of its points had faded from my memory . Forgive me , father , for yielding to an impulse so strong as to overwhelm all power of resistance . Yet why should I abandon this rare opportunity of displaying any skill I may have gained from so gifted a teacher ? Pictures of Madonnas and of lovely women so abound in all our palaces , that a young artist can only rise above the common level by representing something extraordinary , something rarely or never seen in life . ” Contarini gazed with sorrowing and affectionate interest upon the flushed features of his pupil , again excited as before by his own description of the mysterious stranger . One less acquainted with human nature , would have mistaken the flashing eyes and animated features of the youthful artist for the sure tokens of conscious and advancing talent ; but the aged painter , whose practised eye was not dazzled by the soft harmony of features which gave a character of feminine beauty to Antonio , saw in the excitement which failed to give a more intellectual character to his countenance , sad evidence of a soul too feeble and infirm of purpose to achieve eminence in any thing , and with growing alarm he inferred a predisposition to mental disease from those morbid and uncontrolled impulses , which delighted in portraying objects revolting to all men of sound and healthy feelings . He arose in evident emotion , and after pacing the studio some time in silence , he approached Antonio , who , yielding to his eccentric longings , had seized the sketch of the old woman 's head , and was gazing on it with evident delight . “ Give me the sketch , Antonio ! ” resumed the painter in his kindest tone , “ ‘ Tis finished , and the hunter cares not for the hunted beast when stricken . What wouldst thou with it ? ” “ What would I , maestro ? ” exclaimed the alarmed youth , hastily removing his sketch from the extended hand of the painter , “ Finish the subject of course , and place this wonderful old head upon the magnificent form to which it belongs . ” “ But , saidst thou not , Antonio , that the poor creature in the gondola hastily concealed her features when accident revealed them , as if ashamed of her unnatural ugliness ? And canst thou be so heartless as to publish to the world that strange deformity she is doomed to bear through life , and which she is evidently anxious to conceal ? Wouldst thou add another pang to the existence of one to whom life is worse than death , and whose eternal veil is but a foretaste of the winding-sheet and the grave ? Thou wilt not , canst not , my Antonio , make such unheard-of misery thy stepping-stone to fame and fortune . ” This impassioned appeal to all his better feelings at length reached the heart of Antonio . For a short time he continued to withhold the drawing ; but his kindly nature triumphed . Tearing his sketch into fragments , he threw himself into the extended arms of his beloved teacher , who with deep emotion placed his trembling hand on the curling locks of his pupil , and implored the blessing of Heaven on his better feelings and purposes . With a view to improve the impression he had made , the painter led Antonio round the studio , and sought to fix his attention upon several portraits of lovely women which adorned it . “ Here , ” said he , “ are heads worthy to crown that striking figure in the gondola . Behold that all-surpassing portrait by Giorgione , of such beauty as painters and poets may dream of but never find , and yet not superhuman in its type . Too impassioned for an angel ; too brilliant for a Madonna ; and with too much of thought and character for a Venus — she is merely woman . Belonging to no special rank or class in society , and neither classical nor ideal , she personifies all that is most lovely in her sex ; and , whether found in a palace or a cottage , would delight and astonish all beholders . This rarely gifted woman was the daughter of Palma Vecchio , and the beloved of Giorgione , one of the handsomest men of his time ; but her sympathies were not for him , and he died of grief and despair in his prime . She was the favourite model of Titian and his school , and the type that more or less prevails in many celebrated pictures . “ How different and yet how beautiful of its kind , is that portrait of a Doge 's daughter , by Paris Bordone ! Less dazzling and luxuriant in her beauty than Palma 's daughter , she is in all respects intensely aristocratic . In complexion not rich and glowing , but of a transparent and pearly lustre , through which the course of each blue vein is visible . In shape and features not full and beautifully rounded , but somewhat taller and of more delicate symmetry . In look and attitude not open , frank , and natural ; but astute , refined , courteous , and winning to a degree attainable only by aristocratic training and the habits of high society . In apparel , neither national nor picturesque , but attired with studied elegance . Rich rows of pearls wind through her braided hair , in colour gold , in texture soft as silk . A band of gold forms the girdle of her ruby-coloured velvet robe , which descends to the wrist , and there reveals the small white hand and tapering fingers of patrician beauty . All this may captivate the fastidious noble ; but , to men less artificial in their tastes and habits , could such a woman be better than a statue — and could love , the strongest of human passions , be ever more to her than a short-lived and amusing pastime ? “ From these immortal portraits , my Antonio , you may learn that colour was the grand secret of the great Venetian painters . Their pale forms are never white , nor their blooming cheeks rose-colour , but the true colour of life — mellow , rich , and glowing ; both men and women strictly true to nature , and looking as if they could turn pale with anger or blush with tender passion . From these great men can best be learned how much charm may be conveyed by colour , and what life and glow , what passion , grace , and beauty it gives to form . “ But I weary thee , Antonio ; and after such excitement thou hast need of repose . To-morrow , let me see thee early . ” The exhausted youth gladly departed from a scene of so much trial ; and , hastening to his gondola , sought refreshment in an excursion to the Lido . Returning after nightfall , he landed on the Place of St Mark 's , and wandered through its cool arcades until they were deserted . In vain , however , did he strive to banish the graceful form and grisly features of the stranger . The strong impression he had received became so vivid and absorbing , that at every turn he thought he saw her gazing at him as if in mockery , and lighting up the deep shadows beneath the arches with her glowing orbs , which seemed to his disordered fancy to emit sparks and flashes of fire . No longer able to resist the impulse , forgetting alike the paternal admonitions of the old painter , and the promises so sincerely given , he quitted the piazza and hastened to the palace of his father , the Proveditore Marcello , then absent on state affairs in the Levant . Retiring to his own apartment , he fixed an easel with impetuous haste , and by lamp-light again began to sketch the Medusa head of the old woman . Yielding himself up to this new frenzy , he succeeded beyond his hopes ; a supernatural power seemed to guide his hand , and soon after midnight he had drawn to the life not only the appalling head , but the commanding and beautiful person , of the mysterious personage in the gondola . After gazing awhile upon his work with triumphant delight , he retired to bed ; but slept not until long after sunrise , and then the extraordinary incidents of the past day haunted his feverish dreams . A female form , youthful and of surpassing beauty , hovered around his couch , but ever changing in appearance . At first her head was invisible and veiled in mist , from which , at intervals , flashed features of resplendent loveliness , and eyes of heavenly blue , which beamed upon him with thrilling tenderness ; and then the mist dispersed , and the beauteous phantom stooped down to kiss his cheek , when suddenly her blooming face darkened and withered into the death-like visage of that fearful stranger , and her long bright hair was converted into hissing sepents . Starting with a scream of horror from his troubled and exhausting slumbers , he again sought refuge in his gondola , but returned , alas ! to make his sketch into a picture , which the hues of life made still more hideous and repulsive . After several days thus occupied , he sketched in various attitudes the imposing figure of the old woman , and endeavoured to fit this beautiful Torso with a head not unworthy of it . But herein , after many attempts , he failed . His excitement , so long indulged , had risen into fever . His diseased fancy controlled his pencil , and blended with features of the highest order of beauty so many touches of the old woman 's ghastly visage , that he threw down his pencil , and abandoned all further efforts in despair . CHAPTER II . THE CAVERN . The shores of Austrian Dalmatia south of the port of Fiume , are of so rugged and dangerous a nature , that although broken into numerous creeks and bays , there are but few places where vessels , even of small dimensions , dare to approach them , or indeed where it is possible to effect a landing . A long experience of the coast , and of the adjacent labyrinth of islands which block up the gulf of Carnero , is necessary in order to accomplish in safety the navigation of the shallow rocky sea ; and even when the mariner succeeds in setting foot on land , he not unfrequently finds his progress into the interior barred by precipices steep as walls , roaring torrents , and yawning ravines . It was on a mild evening of early spring , and a few days after the incidents recorded in the preceding chapter , that a group of wild-looking figures was assembled on the Dalmatian shore , opposite the island of Veglia . The sun was setting , and the beach was so overshadowed by the beetling summits of the high chalky cliffs , that it would have been difficult to discover much of the appearance of the persons in question , but for an occasional streak of light that shot out of a narrow ravine opening among the rocks in rear of the party , and lit up some dark-bearded visage , or flashed on the bright barrel of a long musket . High above the ravine , and standing out against the red stormy-looking sky behind it , the outline of a fortress was visible , and in the hollow beneath might be distinguished the small closely-built mass of houses known as the town of Segna . This castle , which , by natural even more than artificial defences , was deemed impregnable , especially on its sea face , was the stronghold of a handful of hardy and desperate adventurers , who , although their numbers never exceeded seven hundred men , had yet , for many years preceding the date of this narrative , made themselves a name dreaded throughout the whole Adriatic . The inhabitants of the innumerable Dalmatian islands , the subjects of the Grand Turk , the people of Ancona — all , in short , who inhabited the shores of the Adriatic , and were interested in its commerce , or in the countless merchant vessels that skimmed over its waters — trembled and turned pale when the name of these daring freebooters was mentioned in their hearing . In vain was it that the Sultan , who in his sublimity scarcely deigned to know the names of some of the great European powers , had caused his pachas to take the field with strong armaments for the extermination of this nest of pirates . These expeditions were certainly not disadvantageous to the Porte , which seized the opportunity of annexing to its dominions some large slices of Hungarian and Venetian territory ; but their ostensible object remained unaccomplished , and the proverbial salutation of the time , “ God save you from the Uzcoques ! ” was still on the lips of every one . The word “ Uzcoque , ” by which this dreaded people was known , had grown into a sound of mourning and panic to the inhabitants of the shores and islands of the Adriatic . At the utterance of that fearful name , young girls crowded together like frightened doves ; the child hid its terrified face in its mother 's lap ; the eyes of the matron overflowed with tears as the images of murdered sons and outraged daughters passed before her mind 's eye , and , like Banquo 's ghost , filled the vacant seats at the table ; while the men gazed anxiously out , expecting to see their granaries and store-houses in flames . Nor were the seaman 's apprehensions less lively , when night surprised him with some valuable cargo in the neighbourhood of the pirates ’ haunts . Every rock , each tree , and bush became an object of dread ; the very ripple of the waves on the shingle a sound of alarm . To his terrified fancy , a few leafless and projecting branches assumed the appearance of muskets , a point of rock became the prow of one of those light , sharp-built boats in which the Uzcoques were wont to dart like seabirds upon their prey ; and , invoking his patron saint , the frightened sailor crossed himself , and with a turn of the rudder brought his vessel yet nearer to the Venetian galleys that escorted the convoy . At the cry “ Uzcoque ” the slender active Albanian grasped his fire-lock , with rage and hatred expressed on his bearded countenance : the phlegmatic Turk sprang in unwonted haste from his carpet ; his pipe and coffee were neglected , his women and treasures secured in the harem , while he shouted for the Martellossi , [ 3 ] and slipping them like dogs from a leash , sent them to the encounter of their foes on the devastated plains of Cardavia . In the despatches from Madrid , from the ministers of that monarch on whose dominions the sun never set , to his ambassadors , the name of these seven hundred outlaws occupied a frequent and prominent place . But by none were the Uzcoques more feared and detested than by the greyheaded doge and senators of the Ocean Queen , the sea-born city , before whose cathedral the colours of three kingdoms fluttered from their crimson flagstaffs ; and the few young Venetians in whose breasts the remembrance of their heroic ancestors yet lived , blushed for their country 's degradation when they beheld her rulers braved and insulted by a band of sea-robbers . [ 3 ] The Turks , finding their own troops not well adapted to the irregular and desperate kind of warfare waged by the Uzcoques , and also unable to compete with them in the rapidity of their movements , formed a corps expressly for the pursuit of the freebooters , which was composed of men as wild and desperate as themselves . With these Martellossi , as they were called , the Uzcoques had frequent and sanguinary conflicts . Minucci says of the Martellossi , in his Historia degli Uscochi , that they were “ Scelerati barbari anco ‘ ordine de ’ medesime Scochi . ” To this band belonged the wild figures , whose appearance on the shore has been noticed , and who were busily employed in rummaging a number of sacks and packages which lay scattered on the ground . They pursued their occupation in profound silence , except when the discovery of some object of unusual value elicited an exclamation of delight , or a disappointment brought a grumbling curse to their lips . They seemed carefully to avoid noise , lest it should draw down upon them the observation of the castle that frowned above their heads , and at the embrasures and windows of which they cast frequent and frightened glances , although the darkness of the ravine , at the entrance of which they had stationed themselves , and the rapidly deepening twilight , rendered it almost impossible to discover them . “ By the beard of the prophet , Hassan ! ” exclaimed in a suppressed tone a young Turk , who lay bound hand and foot at a short distance from the pirates , “ why do these mangy curs keep us lying so long on the wet grass ? Why do they not seek their kennel up yonder ? ” The person addressed was a little , round , oily-looking Turk , a Levant merchant , whose traffic had called him to one of the neighbouring islands , and who had been laid hold of on his passage by the Uzcoques . He was sitting up , being less strictly manacled than his more youthful and energetic-looking companion ; and his comical countenance wore a most desponding expression , as , in reply to the question put to him , he shook his head slowly from side to side , at the same time gravely stroking his beard . “ By Allah ! ” exclaimed the young man impatiently , as he saw the pirates rummaging more eagerly than ever , and now and then concealing something of value under their cloaks , “ could not the greedy knaves wait till they got home before they shared the plunder ? May their fathers ’ souls burn ! ” “ What saith the sage Oghuz ? ” quoth old Hassan slowly , “ ‘ As people grow rich their maw widens . ’ ” “ Silence , unbelieving hound ! ” exclaimed a harsh voice behind him , and a thump between the shoulders warned the old Turk to keep his proverbs for a more fitting season . The pirate was about to repeat the blow , when suddenly his hand fell , and the curses died away upon his lips . The clouds that had hitherto veiled the setting sun had suddenly broken , and a broad stream of golden light poured down the ravine , flashing upon the roofs and gables of the town , and making the castle appear like a huge and magnificent lantern . The ravine was lighted up as though by enchantment , and the unexpected illumination caused an alarm among the group of pirates , not unlike that of an owl into whose gloomy roosting-place a torch is suddenly intruded . Terror was depicted upon their countenances as they gazed up at the castle . For a moment all was still and hushed as the grave , and the Uzcoques scarcely seemed to breathe as they drew their greedy hands in silent haste out of the sacks ; then , suddenly recovering from their stupefaction , they snatched up their muskets and crowded into a dark cavern in the rock , which the beams of the setting sun had now for the first time rendered visible , without , however , lighting up its deep and dark recesses . In their haste and alarm , more than one of the freebooters had his tattered mantle caught by the thorny arms of some of the bushes scattered over the shore , and turned in terror , thinking himself in the grasp of a foe . A few only had the presence of mind to throw their cloaks over the varied and glittering plunder that lay scattered about on the ground ; and strange was the contrast of the sparkling jewellery , the rich stuffs , and embroidered robes , strewed on the beach , with the mean and filthy garments that partially concealed them , and the wild and squalid figures of their present possessors . A number of the Uzcoques now threw themselves with brutal violence upon the two prisoners , muffled their heads in cloaks to prevent their crying out , and carried them with the speed of light into the cave , in the innermost recess of which they bestowed them . They then rejoined their companions , who were grouped together at the entrance of the cavern like a herd of frightened deer , and gazing anxiously up at the castle . After the lapse of a very few minutes , the bright glow again faded away , the fortress reassumed its black and frowning aspect , the roofs of Segna relapsed into their dull grey hue , and shadows , deeper than before , covered the ravine . Reviving under the influence of the darkness , so congenial to their habits and occupations , the Uzcoques began to recover from their alarm , and the murmur of voices was again heard as they seized the sacks , and hastily filled them with the various objects lying on the beach . Every thing being collected , the pirates commenced toiling their way up the steep mountain path leading to the castle , with the exception of a few who still lingered at the entrance of the cavern , and whom the prisoners could hear disputing about some point on which there seemed to exist much difference of opinion . “ Hell and the devil ! ” at last exclaimed an impatient voice , in a louder tone than had yet been employed . “ There 's little chance that we have not been seen from the castle ; for the warder would expect us back about this time , and doubtless was on the look-out . These Turkish hounds have seen every thing , and might easily betray us . Let us leave them here till to-morrow , till I have spoken to the warder , and arranged that they be sent on at once to Gradiska without coming to speech of the captain . I will join the escort myself to make it still surer . ” After some slight opposition on the part of the others , this proposal was adopted , and the remaining pirates took their departure . The sound of their footsteps along the rocky path had scarcely died away on the ears of the anxiously listening captives , when loud acclamations and cries of joy announced the arrival of the first detachment at the castle . The heavy gates of the fortress were opened with much din and rattle ; after a short space they were again slammed to , the portcullis fell , and then no further sound broke the deep silence that reigned in the ravine . The collection of the plunder , the discussion among the pirates , and their departure , had passed so rapidly , that the young Turk had scarcely had time to recover from the giddy , half-stunned state into which the rough usage he had received had thrown him , when he found himself alone with his old fellow-captive . “ Well , Hassan , ” said he at last , in a voice of suppressed fury , “ what think you of all this ? ” The old man made no verbal reply , but merely stroked his beard , shrugged his shoulders , and opened his eyes wider than before , as much as to say , “ I do n't think at all ; what do you think ? ” “ It is not the prospect of passing the night in this damp hole , bound hand and foot , that chafes me to madness , and makes my very blood boil in my veins , ” resumed the young man after a pause . “ That is a small matter , but ” — “ A small matter ! ” interrupted Hassan with unusual vivacity . “ That is , because you have forgotten the most dreadful part of our position . Bound hand and foot as we are , we can expect nothing less than to fall , ere cock-crow , into the power of Satan . ” “ Of Satan ! ” repeated the other . “ Has terror turned thy brain ? ” “ Of a truth , the Evil One has already tied the three fatal nooses which he hangs over the head of the sleeping believer , ” replied the old Mahometan in a lachrymose tone . “ He who awakes and forthwith invokes the holy name of Allah , is thereby delivered from the first noose ; by performing his ablutions , the second becomes loosened ; and by fervent prayer he unties the third . Our bonds render it impossible for us to wash , and the second noose , therefore , will remain suspended over our devoted heads . ” “ Runs it so in the Koran , old man ? ” asked the youth . “ In the Koran ! What Mussulman are you ? It is the hundred and forty-ninth passage of the Suna . ” “ The Suna ! ” repeated the other , in a tone of indifference . “ If that is all , it will not break my slumbers . ” “ Allah protect me ! ” exclaimed the old man , as he made an attempt to pluck out his beard , which the shackles on his wrists rendered ineffectual . “ Allah protect me ! Is it not enough that I have fallen into captivity ? Am I also doomed to pass the night under the same roof with an unbeliever , even as the Nazarenes are ? ” “ May the bolt of Heaven fall on thy lying tongue ! ” exclaimed the youth in great wrath . “ I an unbeliever ! I , Ibrahim , the adopted son of Hassan , pacha of Bosnia ! ” In deepest humility did the old merchant bow his head , and endeavour to lay hold of the hem of the young man 's crimson caftan , in order to carry it to his lips . “ Enough ! enough ! ” said Ibrahim , whose good temper had returned . “ You spoke in haste and ignorance . I am well pleased when I break no commandment of the Koran ; and trouble my head little about the sayings of those babbling greybeards , the twelve holy Imaums . ” “ But the nooses , ” expostulated Hassan , not a little scandalized by his companion 's words . “ You have nothing to do but to sleep all night without awaking , ” replied the young Turk laughing . “ Then you will have no need either to wash or pray . ” The superstitious old man turned his face to the wall in consternation and anguish of spirit . “ This night have I seen with my own eyes what we have hitherto refused to believe , ” resumed Ibrahim after a pause , and in a tone of indignation that echoed through the cavern . “ I am now convinced that the shameless scoundrels do not rob on their own account , since they are obliged to pilfer and conceal a part of their plunder in order to get a profit from their misdeeds . Marked you not , Hassan , how they trembled when the sun lit up the ravine , lest their tricks should be espied by some sentry on the battlements ; and how their panic fear made them carry every thing up to the castle ? ” The old Turk bowed his head assentingly . “ Glory be to God and the Sultan ! ” continued the youth . “ Before the bright countenance of the prophet 's vicegerent , who reigneth in Stamboul , no misdeed can remain hidden that occurs in the remotest corner of his vast dominions . Nay , much of what happens in the land of the Giaour is also manifest to his penetrating vision . Witness the veil of turpitude and cunning which has long been seen through by the clear eyes of our holy mollahs , and of the council at the Seraglio , and which has just now been torn away from before me , like a mist dispersing in the sunshine of truth . Truly spoke the Christian maiden , whom but a few weeks back I took captive in a fight with the Uzcoques , but who was shortly after rescued by another band of those raging fiends . ” “ Saw you the maiden , ” exclaimed Hassan , “ the good maiden that accompanies the pirates , like an angel walking among demons ? ” “ What know you of the Houri ? ” eagerly demanded the youth , in vain endeavouring to raise his head from the damp stones . “ That it was the hand of Allah that rescued her from you , ” replied the other . He chastiseth his creatures with rods , but even in his chastisemcnt is mercy . “ How many more had not the dogs and the ravens devoured , had the Christian maiden been taken from among the Uzcoques ? She belongs to them , she is the daughter of their leader , the terrible Dansowich , beside whom she is ever to be found , instilling the musk and amber of mildness into his fierce soul , and pouring healing into the wounds he makes . I know her not , but often have I heard the Christians , with whom my traffic brought me acquainted , include her in the prayers they addressed to their God . ” “ Her eyes were as brilliant stars , and they blinded my very soul , ” exclaimed Ibrahim impetuously ; “ the honey of her words dropped like balm into my heart ! As the sound of bubbling fountains , and the rustle of flowery groves to the parched wanderer in the desert , fell her sweet voice upon my ear . So gentle and musical were its tones , that I thought not of their meaning , and it is only to-day that I understand them . ” “ I know not , ” quoth Hassan , “ what you may have seen ; but doubtless , Satan , who wished to inspire you with an unholy desire for a Nazarene woman , began by blinding you . According to all I have heard , the Uzcoque maiden is good and compassionate , but as ugly as night . ” “ Ugly ! ” cried Ibrahim , “ Then there must be two of them ; for the one I saw was blooming as the spring , her eyes like the morning star , and her cheeks of velvet . Oh , that I could again behold her ! In that hope it was that I pressed so rashly forward in the fight , and was made prisoner ; but yet have I not beheld the pearl of mine eyes . ” “ She cannot be amongst them , ” said Hassan ; “ and thence comes it that the pirates have this year committed greater cruelties than ever , and done deeds that cry out to Allah for vengeance . ” “ Instead of her silver tones , ” continued Ibrahim , “ I hear the shrieks of the tortured ; instead of her words of peace and blessing , the curses of the murderer . ” “ But what did the maiden tell you ? ” enquired Hassan , who was getting impatient at the transports of the enamoured youth . “ Her words flowed like a clear stream out of the well of truth . It is not the Uzcoques alone , ” said she , “ who are to blame for the horrors that ” — “ Hark ! ” interrupted the old Turk . A clamour of voices and splashing of oars became audible , a keel grated on the beach , and then hurried footsteps were heard in the ravine . “ It is another vessel with Uzcoques ! ” exclaimed Ibrahim ; “ but these are not laden with plunder , their movements are too rapid . ” As he spoke , the tumult and murmur of voices and trampling of feet increased , and above all a noise like distant musketry was heard . “ Holy Virgin ! ” suddenly exclaimed a clear and feminine voice , apparently close to the mouth of the cavern . “ They are already at the castle — the gates , no doubt , are shut , the drawbridge raised . Before they could come down it would be too late . ” The young Turk started . “ It is she , Hassan ! ” he exclaimed . “ It is Strasolda , the Christian maiden ! ” “ Oh , my father ! ” cried the same voice in tones of heart-rending anguish . “ How shall we deliver thee ? Alas ! alas ! who can tell the tortures they will make thee suffer in their dreadful dungeons ? ” The noise of the musketry became more and more distinct . Some of the newly arrived Uzcoques who had hurried up the winding path , were soon heard clamouring furiously for admittance at the castle gates . “ They will be too late ! ” exclaimed the maiden , wringing her hands in despair . The next moment a sudden thought seemed to flash across her mind , lending her fresh hope and energy . “ Gracious Heaven ! ” she exclaimed in joyful tones . “ Have we not here the cave , from which , invoked by fire , the storm and the hurricane , the north wind and the tempest , come forth and shatter the most stately vessels against our iron-bound coast . [ 4 ] Up , Uzcoques , and fire the cavern ! Let the elements do battle for us . Perchance by their aid the bark of your leader Dansowich may yet escape its foes and reach the haven . ” [ 4 ] In Minucci 's History of the Uzcoques , continued by Paola Sarpi , we find the following :— “ Segna , through its position on a cragged rock , was unapproachable by carts or horses , and consequently by artillery . The harbour appertaining to it , however , was tolerably good , but exceedingly difficult of access on account of the north wind , ( vento di Buora ,) which blew almost incessantly in the channel leading to it . According to popular belief , the Segnarese had the power of causing this wind to blow at will , by merely kindling a fire in a certain hollow of the cliffs . The mysterious operation of this fire was to heat the veins of the earth , which then , through pain or fury , sent out the raging hurricanes that rendered those narrow seas in the highest degree dangerous , and indeed untenable . ” Immediately after these words , which made the two Moslems quail , the pirate 's daughter hastily entered the cavern with a blazing torch , the flashes of which awakened from slumber into life and glow the various tints of mosses , lichens , and stalactites innumerable that studded the ample vault . In this flitting and singular illumination , the appearance of the Uzcoque maiden was awful . Above the common stature of woman , and finely formed , she was attired in a white woollen garment , carelessly adjusted and confined at the waist by broad red girdle , from which it fell in long and graceful folds to her feet . Her face was a perfect oval ; her features of regular and striking beauty ; her complexion , naturally of that clear rich brown , which lends more lustre to the eyes than the purest red and white , was now ghastly with intense alarm ; and this death-like paleness imparted a more prominent and commanding character to her well-defined , jet-black brows , and the full , dark , humid eyes , which gleamed like brilliants through their long lashes . Heavy tresses of raven hair , escaping beneath her turban-like head-dress , streamed out like a sable banner as she rushed into the cavern , then fell and flowed in waving luxuriance over neck and shoulders to her girdle . The Turks in the interior of the cavern , gazed in speechless wonder at this beautiful apparition standing erect in the strong red light . Waving her torch with energetic and graceful action , she appeared like an antique sybil at the moment of inspiration , or some Arabian enchantress preparing for an incantation . Their admiration , however , yielded to alarm , when they beheld her dash the torch upon the ground , and her attendants pile upon it straw and fagots , which blazed up instantly to the cavern roof , emitting volumes of smoke that made the captives invisible , and by its suffocating influence deprived them erelong of all power of utterance . The evening was serene and still , with scarcely a breath of wind stirring , and the flames blazed upward to the cavern roof ; only now and then a light breeze from the sea wafted them on one side , and , at the sane time , dispersing the smoke , gave the Turks a momentary glimpse of the maiden , standing with uplifted hands , expectation , anxiety , and grief , depicted on her speaking countenance , as she invoked the spirit of the storm , while around her stood the few remaining Uzcoques , with sorrowing and downcast faces . “ They come not ! ” she exclaimed after a pause , during which the fire began to burn low for lack of fuel , and the noise of the musketry diminished and finally ceased . “ Uzcoques ! ” she cried in a louder voice , and with inspiration in her thrilling tones — “ Take heed and warning , for your hour is come . Your crags and caverns , your rocky shores and howling storms , refuse you further service ! ” She paused , and at that moment was heard the rush of a rapidly approaching boat . “ Speak not , ye messengers of evil ! ” exclaimed Strasolda in piercing accents . “ Utter not a word . You have left Dansowich in the hands of the Venetians . ” There was no reply to her half frantic exclamation , and the deep silence was only broken by the footsteps of the new-comers , as with dejected looks they joined their companions . Just then some damp branches that had lain smouldering and smoking on the fire , burned brightly up , and by their light Ibrahim and Hassan beheld the maiden kneeling in the midst of the pirates , her tearful face covered by her fair and slender fingers . The next moment she raised her head and gazed into the cavern . As she did so , the sorrowful expression of her features changed , and her countenance was lighted up with a look of rapture , while a loud cry burst from her lips . Through the opening in the smoke , the prisoners became visible to her as they lay motionless in the interior of the cave , the light from the flames glowing on their red garments , and giving them the appearance of two statues of fire . In the handsome countenance of one of the figures thus suddenly revealed to her , Strasolda recognized the young Moslem , whose prisoner she had been , and whose noble person and bearing , courteous manners , and gentle treatment , had more than once since the day of her captivity , occupied the thoughts and fancy of the Uzcoque maiden . Unaware of Ibrahim 's capture , Strasolda did not for an instant suppose that she beheld him in flesh and blood before her . To her excited and superstitious imagination , the figures of the Turks appeared formed out of fire itself , and she doubted not that the spirits of the cave had chosen this means of presenting to her , as in a prophetic mirror , a shadowy fore-knowledge of future and more favourable events . While she yet gazed eagerly on what she deemed a supernatural appearance , the rent in the veil of smoke suddenly closed , the flame sank down , and again all was gloom and darkness in the cavern . The thick stifling vapour of the damp wood , augmenting as the flame diminished , was now so overpowering that the Turks were in imminent danger of suffocation . In their extremity , making a violent effort , their pent up voices found vent in a cry of such startling wildness , that the Uzcoques , struck with terror , sprang back from the mouth of the cave , hurrying the maiden with them . The cry was not repeated , for the Turks had lost all consciousness from the stifling effects of the smoke . “ Banish your fears , Uzcoques ! ” exclaimed Strasolda , staying the fugitives . “ The voice that to you is a sound of dismay , gives me hope and confidence . I see the golden crescent rising in irresistible might , and shedding its rays over all the lands of the earth . Happy they on whom it casts its mild and favouring beams , and truer far the safeguard it affords to those who serve it , than that which is found beneath the shadow of the cross . Better the sharp cimeter and plighted word of the Moslem , than the fair promises of the lying Christian , who , in the hour of peril , abandons those by whose courage he has profited . But enough ! ” cried she in an altered tone . “ Our first duty is to rescue my father from the hands of the Venetians . Go not into Segna . There are traitors there who might reveal what we most wish kept secret . The Venetians know not the person of Dansowich , and that may save him if no time be lost in plotting his deliverance . Let none even of our own people hear of his captivity . Now to the castle ! ” She led the way , and in silence and sadness the pirates followed the daughter of their captive chief . The fire was quite out , the smoke had cleared away , the moon poured its silvery light into the cavern , and the stillness was unbroken , save by the ripple of the waves on the beach , when Ibrahim recovered from the state of insensibility into which he had been thrown by the suffocating influence of the smoke , and heard his companion snoring at his side . For some time the young Turk lay , revolving in his mind the eventful scene he had witnessed , and the strange and startling circumstances that had come to his knowledge during the few preceding hours . The capture of Dansowich was an event of much importance ; nor was there less weight in the discovery Ibrahim had made of the dependence of the Uzcoques upon a higher power , which , in secret , aided and profited by their depredations . Although Austria had been frequently accused of abetting the piracies of the Uzcoques , the charge had never been clearly proved , and to many appeared too improbable to obtain credence . Ibrahim had hitherto been among the incredulous ; but what he had this day seen and heard , removed every doubt , and fully convinced him of the justice of those imputations . Turning in disgust from the contemplation of the labyrinth of crime and treachery to which he had seized the clue ; the young Moslem sought and found a far pleasanter subject of reflection in the remembrance of the maiden , whose transcendent beauty and touching devotion to her captive parent , shone out the more brightly from their contrast with the vice and degradation by which she was surrounded . With much interest did he endeavour to solve the problem , and explain what appeared almost miraculous , how so fair a creature — such a masterpiece of Heaven 's handiwork — could have passed her childhood and youth amongst the refuse of humanity assembled on the island , and yet have retained the spotless purity which was apparent in every look and gesture . But , however interesting these reflections were to the enamoured Ibrahim , his recent fatigues had been too great for nature not to assert her claims , and the wearied body finished by triumphing over the rebellious restlessness of the excited spirit . The graceful form of Strasolda , and the wild figures of the Uzcoques , swam more and more indistinctly before his closing eyes , until he sank at last into a deep and refreshing slumber . CHAPTER III . THE JEWELS . The tribe of the Uzcoques , or Scochi , derived their name from scoco , a refugee or fugitive , a word bearing reference to their origin . Towards the commencement of the sixteenth century , a band of hardy and warlike men abandoned the the provinces of Southern Hungary , Bulgaria , and Servia , and took refuge in Dalmatia from the tyranny and ill usage of the Turks , who had overrun the first-named provinces . Accompanied by their wives and families , and recruiting their numbers as they went along , they at last reached the fortress of Clissa , situated in the mountains , a few miles from the old Roman town of Spalatro . There , with the permission of its owner , Pietro Crosichio , they established themselves , forming one of the outposts of Christendom , and thence carried on a war of extermination against the Turks , to whom they did a degree of injury that would appear quite incommensurate with the smallness of their numbers . The name of Uzcoque soon became known throughout the Adriatic as the synonyme of a gallant warrior , till at length the Turks , driven nearly frantic by the exploits of this handful of brave men , fitted out a strong expedition and laid siege to Clissa , with the double object of getting rid of a troublesome foe , and of advancing another step into Christian Europe . The different powers who had benefited greatly , although indirectly , by the enterprising valour of the Uzcoques , neglected to give them the smallest assistance in their hour of peril . After an heroic defence , Clissa fell into the hands of the Turks , and a scanty and disheartened remnant of its brave defenders fled northward to seek some new place of refuge . This they found in the fortress of Segna , then belonging to a Count Frangipani , who allowed them to occupy it ; and , at the same time , Ferdinand the First of Austria bethought himself , although somewhat tardily , that the Uzcoques had deserved better at his hands , and at those of other Christian princes , than to be left to their own resources when assailed by the overwhelming power of the Porte . As a sort of atonement , he took them formally into his pay , to assist him in his wars against the infidel . But from this day forward the Uzcoques gradually declined in valour and in moral worth . From a race of heroes they degenerated into a horde of mercenary adventurers , and finally , of cruel and cowardly pirates . Their primitive customs and simple virtues were exchanged for the vices of refugees and criminals from Venice and other neighbouring states , who came in crowds to fill up the frequent vacancies occurring in their ranks . At length the military value of the Uzcoques being much impaired , and their services also less required , Austria became irregular in her payments , and at last entirely discontinued them . The barren mountains round Segna produced nothing , and the unfortunate Uzcoques were in danger of dying of hunger . This they felt by no means inclined to do , and erelong complaints began to be made of piracies and depredations committed by the Segnarese on the vessels and territory of Venice . For some time no application on the subject was made to Austria , and when made it was found to be of little avail . At the period to which this narrative refers , Austria had already formed those designs upon her southern neighbour , which in more modern times she has carried out with complete success . The fertile plains of Northern Italy , the convenient ports on the Adriatic , the rich commerce with the Levant , were tempting baits to what was then the most ambitious power in Europe ; and with an undeviating steadiness did she follow up the policy which promised to place such desirable acquisitions within her grasp . Venice , whose power and importance were already on the decline , was the state against which her most strenuous efforts were directed ; and nothing that could injure the trade , or lower the dignity and importance of the republic , was omitted by the Austrian Machiavels of the day . Insignificant as such a means of annoyance may appear , the band of Uzcoques was one of the prime engines employed to undermine the bulwarks of Venetian independence . Through her commerce had Venice achieved her greatness , and through her commerce was she to be assailed and overthrown . Whilst the Venetians , for the sake of their trade , had formed alliances with the Turks , the Austrians , professing great religious zeal , and hatred of the infidels , as well as a dread of further encroachments upon European territory , did all in their power to ruin the traffic and break the connexion between the republic and the Porte . The Uzcoques , who , although asserting a sort of independence , still dwelt on Austrian territory , and were reckoned as Austrian subjects , were secretly encouraged in the piracies which they committed indiscriminately against Turkish and Venetian vessels . These acts of piracy usually took place in the night , and could rarely be brought home to their perpetrators , although there could be no moral doubt as to the identity of the latter ; but , even when proved , it was found impossible to obtain any substantial redress . At the time now referred to , the evil was at its height . Nominally peace both with Venice and the Porte , Austria , nevertheless , stimulated the Uzcoques to aggressions upon the subjects of both . The Archduke Ferdinand , a well-intentioned and virtuous prince , but young and inexperienced , was completely led and deceived by the wily and unprincipled politicians who governed in his name . He was kept entirely in the dark as to the real character of the Segnarese , and thus prevented from giving credence to the frequent complaints made against them by neighbouring states . His corrupt ministers , moreover , not content with making the pirates instrumental in this tortuous policy , were not ashamed to squeeze from them a portion of their illicit gains ; and a lion 's share of the spoil found its way into the coffers of the archducal counsellors , who welcomed the golden Pactolus , utterly regardless of the foul channel through which it flowed . The Uzcoques , on their part , who were no longer the race of brave and hardy soldiers they had been some half century before , clung to the protection of Austria , conscious that , in their degenerate state , and with their diminished numbers , they must soon fall a prey to their numerous foes , should that protection be withdrawn . Thus , although inwardly chafing at being compelled to disgorge a large part of the hard-won booty for which they frequently periled their lives , they did not dare to withhold the tribute , nor to omit the rich presents which they were in the habit of making to certain influential persons about the archducal court . In return , the ports of Austria on the Adriatic , were open to them to build and repair vessels , or obtain supplies of provisions ; every species of indirect assistance was afforded them , and more than once , when some of their number had fallen into the hands of the Venetians , their release , as subjects of Austria , had been demanded and obtained by the authorities at Gradiska . On the other hand , the claims of Venice for satisfaction , when some of her richly laden merchant-ships had been captured or pillaged , were slightly attended to , the applicants put off from day to day , and from year to year , with promises and excuses , until the weak and cowardly republic , seeing that no satisfaction was to be obtained by peaceable means , and being in no state to declare war against her powerful neighbour , usually ended the matter by ceasing to advance claims , the prosecution of which only tended to her further humiliation . It was Easter Sunday in the town of Gradiska . The strict religious ceremonies with which the Passion week was commemorated at the court of the youthful but pious Archduke Ferdinand were at an end ; the black hangings disappeared from the church walls , and the bells rang out a merry peal in joyful commemoration of the Saviour 's resurrection . The nobles and ladies of the court , wearied with the vigils and fasting which the religious zeal of the time rendered imperative , betook themselves with lightened hearts to their apartments , the elder portion to repose , the younger ones to prepare for the brilliant festival and ball which the following day was to witness . In a richly furnished apartment of the castle , the young and handsome wife of one of the archducal counsellors was pacing up and down , her full and voluptuous form reflected on every side by the tall Venetian mirrors that covered the walls of the apartment . The lady was apparently in no gentle mood ; her step was hurried and impatient , her face flushed , her lips peevishly compressed , and her irritation seemed to increase each time that she passed before a table on which were displayed a number of jewel-boxes and caskets , all open , and nearly all empty . Since the Easter festival of the preceding year , the caprices and necessities of this spendthrift beauty had abstracted one by one the rich kernels from these now worthless husks , and the recollection of the follies , or worse , in which their value had been squandered , now came to aggravate the vexation which the want of the jewels occasioned her . So absorbed was she in the consideration of her annoyances and perplexities , that for some time she took no notice of the presence of a young and graceful female in plain attire , who stood apparently in deep thought in the embrasure of one of the windows . The maiden had her back turned to the room ; but the admirable contours of her fine figure , and the rich luxuriance of the jet-black locks that flowed over her shoulders , gave promise of a perfection that was not belied , when , on an exclamation of impatience from her mistress , she suddenly turned round , and revealed the beauteous features of Dansowich 's daughter . She it was who formed the usual medium of communication between the pirates and their archducal allies ; and during her frequent sojourns at Gradiska , she assumed the character of attendant on the counsellor 's lady . “ Holy Virgin ! ” exclaimed the court dame , stamping her foot violently on the polished floor . “ What can detain the knaves ? Say , girl ! where can they be lingering ? ” Strasolda made no reply to this impetuous enquiry . She was no longer the excited and impetuous Uzcoque heroine , invoking the spirit of the storm amidst the precipices and caverns of her native shores . A total change had come over her . Her look was subdued , her cheek pale , her eyes red and swollen with weeping . She cast an humble and sorrowful glance at the lady , and a tear trembled on her long dark lashes . “ Why come they not ? ” repeated the angry dame in a voice half-choked with passion . “ By all the saints ! ” she continued , with a furious look at Strasolda , “ I believe thy father , Dansowich , to be the cause of this delay ; for well I know it is with small good-will he pays the tribute . But if the thieving knaves thus play me false , if the Easter gift is wanting , and for lack of jewels I am compelled to plead sickness , and pass to-morrow in my apartment , instead of , as heretofore , eclipsing every rival by the splendour of my jewels , rest assured , maiden , that thy robber friends shall pay dearly for their neglect . A word from me , and thy father , brethren , and kinsmen grace the gallows , and their foul eyrie is leveled with dust . ” Strasolda pressed her hands upon her heart , and burst into a flood of tears . Then throwing herself at the lady 's feet — “ That word you will never have the cruelty to utter , ” cried she . “ Bethink you , noble lady , of the perils to which they are exposed . The bravest cannot command success , and you know not yet whether their last expedition may not have been unprosperous . ” “ I ! ” replied her irritated mistress . “ How should I be privy to their proceedings ? But you ought to be able to give some tidings : Wherefore did you not accompany your father this last voyage ? ” “ I told you , lady , ” answered Strasolda , “ that I was busied with plans for the deliverance of the Uzcoques now held captive in Venice . I have brothers amongst those unfortunate prisoners , and it is the uncertainty of their fate which thus afflicts me . ” The maiden gazed tearfully and imploringly at the angry lady . It was not without good reason that she concealed from her the fact of her father 's captivity . The stern and inflexible Dansowich had ever viewed with an eye of disapproval the connexion between his people and the counsellors at Gradiska ; and the latter , aware of this , would not have been likely to take much pains for the release of one who was unfavourable to their interests . It was only , therefore , by representing the captive Uzcoques as less nearly connected with her , that Strasolda could hope for aid to rescue them from the hands of the Venetians . “ So much the more should you desire the arrival of the tribute ! ” exclaimed the lady . “ Did I not , at your request , make interest with our ambassador at Venice , that he should insist upon the surrender of the Uzcoques as Austrian subjects ? Assuredly the feeble signoria will not venture to refuse compliance . A casket of jewels is but a paltry guerdon for such service , and yet even that is not forthcoming . But it is not too late to alter what has been done . If I say the word , the prisoners linger in the damp and fetid dungeons of the republic , until they welcome death as a blessing . ” “ Alas , alas ! ” sobbed Strasolda ; “ have you the heart thus to add to my sorrow ? Is it not enough to know those I love in captivity , to behold my people , once so noble and heroic , degraded to the very refuse of humanity despised and detested of all men , having their dwelling on a barren rock , and earning by crime and bloodshed a precarious existence and doubtful freedom ? Is it not enough ” — “ Hush ! ” interrupted the lady in a quick sharp whisper , raising her finger , and glancing towards the door of the apartment . There was a noise as of stealthy footsteps in the corridor . Strasolda sprang from the kneeing posture which she had maintained during her conversation with her mistress , and resumed her station in the recess of a window , while the counsellor 's lady snatched up a rich shawl from a damask covered ottoman , and threw it over the caskets spread out upon the table . Scarcely were these arrangements completed , when the door was partially opened , and a wild sunburnt and bearded countenance showed itself at the aperture . “ Heaven and the saints be praised ! ” exclaimed the lady . “ They are come at last . In with you , Jurissa Caiduch : there is no one but Strasolda here . ” The person thus addressed , was a strongly built and active man , rather under the middle size , muffled in a coarse brown cloak , which was drawn over the lower part of his face , apparently with a view to concealment . A broad-brimmed felt hat was slouched over his small black eyes , which glittered through its shadow like those of a snake , never fixing themselves on an object , but casting restless and suspicious glances , as though apprehensive of danger or treachery . Gliding into the room , and closing the door noiselessly behind him , he approached the table , and placed upon it a tolerably large casket , which he produced from under his cloak ; then retreating a step or two , he removed his hat , and stood in an attitude of silent respect , his eyes still gleaming , however , with their habitual expression of mistrust and cunning . Without uttering a word , the lady seized the casket , and impatiently forced open its delicate silver lock . A cry of joyful surprise burst from her lips on beholding the rich contents of the jewel-case . Diamond chains , golden girdles and bracelets , combs and hair ornaments studded with orient pearls , passed in rapid succession through the white and eager fingers of the gratified dame , who seemed to lack words to express her pleasure and astonishment at the sight of such costly gems . At last she turned to the bearer . “ Of a truth , Jurissa ” cried she , “ you are unusually liberal this time , and you must have great need of the good offices of myself and Father Cipriano , to be willing to purchase our influence with the archduke at so high a price . ” “ Our last expedition was a successful one , noble lady , ” replied the Uzcoque . “ The tender-hearted Strasolda , ” added he with a spiteful glance at the maiden , who still kept her station by the window , “ that guardian angel , who so often steps between us and our prey , was absent , and we had no need to stay our hands . ” As he spoke , the door was again hastily opened as softly as before , but somewhat wider , and the burly figure of a monk entered the room . This was no other than the Father Cipriano Guido Lucchese , whom the lady had alluded to , and who , by his pleadings at the papal court , in favour of the Uzcoques , had earned himself the honourable cognomen of Ambassador de Ladri , or the Thieves ’ Envoy . He had expiated his discreditable intercession by a sojourn in the prisons of the Inquisition , which did not , however , present his being in high favour with the Archduke Ferdinand , at whose court he filled the triple office of theologian , confessor , and privy counsellor . The sleek and unctuous physiognomy of the monk wore an expression of unusual care and anxiety . Without bestowing a salutation or a look upon the lady whose apartment he thus unceremoniously entered , he addressed himself at once to the Uzcoque Jurissa . “ Away with you ! ” cried he . “ Out of the palace ; and quietly , too , as your own shadow . Thumbscrews are waiting for you if you linger . ” Strasolda gazed in alarm at Father Cipriano . Jurissa thrust his right hand under his cloak , and seemed to clutch some weapon . Even the counsellor 's dame for a moment turned her eyes from the jewels she was admiring to the anxious countenance of the padre . “ Your last exploit will bring you into trouble , ” continued the latter to Jurissa . “ You have gone beyond all bounds ; and a special ambassador has arrived here from Venice . ” “ Well ! ” replied the Uzcoque surlily , “ was not the sack of doubloons sufficient fee to keep you at your post ? ” “ I have but just left it , ” answered the monk , “ and you may thank me if the storm is averted for the moment , although it must burst erelong . Before the ambassador could obtain his audience , I hurried to the archduke , and chanted the old ditty ; told him you were the Maccabees of the century — the bulwarks of Christendom : that without you the Turks would long since have been in Gradiska — that the Venetians , through fear and lust of gain , were hand and glove with the followers of Mahomet — and that it was their own fault if you had to strike through them to get at the infidel : that they cared little about religion , so long as the convenience of their traffic was not interfered with — and that it would be a sin and a shame to deprive himself of such valiant defenders for the sake of obliging the republic . This , and much more , did I say to his highness , Signor Jurissa , ” concluded the fat priest , wiping away the perspiration which his eagerness and volubility had caused to start out on his brow ; “ and , in good truth , I think your paltry bag of doubloons but poor reward for the pains I took , and the zeal I have shown in your defence . ” “ And wherein consists the danger , then , ” interrupted Jurissa , “ since your eloquence has sped so well on our behalf ? ” “ You do not hear me out , my son , ” replied the priest . “ The greybeards at Venice have chosen an envoy who is right well informed of your small numbers , bad equipment , and cowardice in broad daylight . Nay , man , never grind your teeth . I do but repeat the ambassador 's words ; for I had stationed myself in an adjoining room , and heard all that passed between him and the archduke . He said , moreover , that , far from being of use as a bulwark against Turkish encroachments , it was you who had afforded to the infidels a pretext to wrest more than one rich province from Christian potentates . All this seemed to make some impression upon the archduke , and to plant suspicions in his mind which bode no good to you and your race . For the present , the capture of those two Turks , one of whom is a person of rank , is testimony in your favour with his highness , to whom the crescent is an abomination . Could he follow his own inclinations , he would , I fully believe , start a new crusade against the followers of Mahoun . But come , Jurissa , this is no time for gossip . You must not be seen in Gradiska . Away with you ! ” “ And the Venetian , ” cried Jurissa , “ what is his name ? ” “ It is the Proveditore Marcello , who has lately returned from a long absence in the East . ” The Uzcoque started . The name seemed to have some potent and mysterious effect upon him , and he stood for a few moments with his eyes fixed upon the ground , apparently forgetful of the necessity for his immediate departure . The priest took him by the arm , and drew him towards the door , which he was about to open , when Jurissa shook off his grasp and hastily approached the counsellor 's wife , who had thrown herself into a large gilded chair before one of the pier-glasses , and was busily engaged in trying on the ornaments that had just been brought her . “ Have a care , noble lady ! ” cried the Uzcoque . “ You will do well to let a couple of weeks elapse before you appear in public with those pretty gauds . At any rate , wear them not at to-morrow 's ball , lest , perchance , they find an owner . Beware , lady , of the Proveditore Marcello ! ” With a look of peculiar meaning he left the room , accompanied by Father Cipriano . But his warning fell faintly upon the lady 's ear , who , though she heard the words , was far too much engrossed in arranging and admiring the costly gems so lately become her own , to give much heed to their import . She remained before her mirror , loading her white neck and arms with chains and jewels , and interweaving diamonds and pearls in her tresses , regardless of the grief of Strasolda who sat in tears and sadness , deploring her father 's increasing peril , and the cloud that menaced the future fortunes of her people . CHAPTER IV . THE BALL . The ancient burg , or castle , of Gradiska had been originally on a larger scale , but , at this period , consisted only of a centre , flanked at right angles by two wings ending in square towers , large , grey , and massive , and embattled , with overhanging galleries for sentinels to pace along , while similar galleries , on a smaller scale , extended along the entire front and wings of the castle . The central edifice contained , on the ground-floor , numerous apartments and offices for menials ; above which arose a spacious saloon and other lofty apartments , lighted by windows high above the flooring , and terminating in the round-headed arches so commonly seen in the castellated mansions of northern Italy . In this palatial hall preparation had been busy for the ball , to which the wife of the archducal counsellor so impatiently looked forward , as an opportunity to eclipse all rivals by the splendour of her jewels . The hour of reception by the archduke had arrived . The exterior of the spacious edifice was illuminated from end to end by nunerous torches , and the capacious staircase was lighted by a double rank of torch-bearers , in splendid apparel . In the interior of the vast apartment huge waxen tapers were fixed above the chevron , or zig-zag moulding , which ran round the walls , and connected the casement of each window . Large crystal lamps , pendant from the point of each inverted pinnacle on the lofty roof , diffused a flood of brilliant light , and imparted life and colour to the rich tapestries , portraying stirring scenes from the Crusades , which covered the walls from floor to window . Complete suits of armour , exhibiting every known device of harness , and numerous weapons , fancifully arranged , decorated the spaces between the windows . And now began to appear , in this scene of splendour , groups of knights and nobles , arrayed in velvet and cloth of gold , and attending upon fair dames , sparkling with jewels , and bearing nodding plumes upon their braided hair . Conspicuous amidst these , and towering above all in stature , appeared the haughty mistress of Strasolda , attired in a robe of dark green velvet , which well relieved the fairness of her complexion , and displaying upon her finely moulded neck and arms a collar and bracelets of large and lustrous oriental pearls . Her firlgers were bedecked with costly rings , and upon her head she wore an ornament of singular device , which soon attracted universal attention . Above the rim of a golden comb , richly chased and studded with brilliants , arose a peacock with expanded tail . The body was of chased gold in imitation of feathers , the arching neck was mosaic work of precious stones , the eyes were sparkling diamonds of the purest water , and the feathers of the tail glittered with emeralds , rubies , and sapphires of singular beauty and lustre . So great was the curiosity excited by the dazzling splendour of these jewels , that the fair wearer was followed round the room by a train of ladies , anxious to observe at leisure a display of ornaments so extraordinary , and whispering to sympathizing ears conjectures not over charitable to the counsellor 's wife . When , at length , she had seated herself upon one of the sofas which lined the walls , a circle of admiring gazers was formed , whose numbers were rapidly increased by the attendant cavaliers . While the lady was enjoying her triumph , a bustle at the entrance of the hall turned every head in that direction , when the cause appeared in the person of the young archduke , who entered in full costume , followed by a group of courtiers , and accompanied by a Venetian cavalier , of tall and commanding person , with whom he appeared to be in earnest discourse . The stranger was a large-boned , spare , and powerful man , of middle age , and attired in a black vest and pantaloons of woven silk , with a short cloak , of the same hue . The golden hilt of his rapier , and a gold chain and medallion round his neck , were his only ornaments . His features were large , regular , and grand , and the gaze of his full dark eyes serene , yet firm and potent ; his complexion pale , and contrasting strongly with a dark beard which circled his visage like a frame . His high and massive forehead , and well closed lips , had a character of thought and decision , while his mien and tread were those of one long accustomed to authority . He seemed a man born after his time , and worthy to have lived and acted in the high and palmy days of Venice . After attending the archduke to the steps of the dais at the upper end of the hall , he made his bow , and began to pace the floor in seeming abstraction from the gay scene around him . Arrested in his progress by the numerous groups which , after saluting the archduke , had again collected around the counsellor 's lady , he paused in returning conciousness ; and , looking for the cause of such unwonted attraction , was enabled , by his lofty stature , to obtain a glimpse of the jewelled lady within the circle . Her features were unknown to him ; but when his careless gaze fell upon the rare ornament which crowned her redundant tresses , his countenance became suddenly darkened by some strong emotion . Again , he looked more earnestly , and with increasing wonder and curiosity . Controlling , by a sudden effort , all outward evidence of feeling , he watched his opportunity , and at length penetrating within the crowd , stood for some moments before the object of attraction , and gazed , as if admiringly , upon her various adornments in succession ; then , bowing gracefully , he addressed to her some words of compliment upon the splendour and value of the dazzling bird upon her head . “ Fair lady , ” he continued , “ I have a daughter whom I fondly love , and fain would I bestow upon her youthful beauty such ornaments as yours . But say , I pray you , where can the cunning hand be found which fashions such glorious birds ? Was it in Venice or Vienna that you bought this materpiece of art ? ” Unsuspicious of evil , and bridling at gratified vanity at this attention from a stranger of such distinguished mien , the spoil-bedecked fair one replied to him as she had done to others . “ I bought this ornament , some weeks back , in Venice , at the store of a Greek trader from the Levant . ” “ Ha ! ” exclaimed the stranger ; “ and where dwelt this Greek , that I may see and ask him for another such ? ” The concious lady , embarrassed by such close questioning , and somewhat alarmed by the kindling glances of the questioner , replied in haste — “ Nay , signor , now I remember better , it was not a Greek I bought these gauds , but of a trading Jew , who walks the Merceria with a box of jewellry . ” “ Just now , methinks , you said a Greek , fair lady ; and now you say a Jew . What next ? Why not a Moslem , or perchance an Uzcoque ? ” At this ominous conclusion , which the stranger muttered in tones of marked significance , the alarmed culprit started to her feet ; and her fierce temper getting the better of her prudence , she boldly faced the cavalier , exclaiming , in a louder key than beseemed a courtier 's wife — “ And who are you , signor , that dare thus question the lady of an archducal counsellor ? ” “ Lady ! ” he sternly answered , “ here I am known to none save your husband 's master ; but in Venice men call me the Proveditore Marcello . ” And now flashed upon the indignant signora a fearful reminiscence of Jurissa 's unheeded and forgotten warning , to hide her jewels for a time , and to beware of the Proveditore Marcello . In utter dismay , and nearly fainting with alarm , she sank upon the sofa , and her eyes expanded into the wide stare of terror as she gazed at the menacing visage of the Venetian noble . Unwilling to expose the conscience-striken woman before so numerous an assemblage , he seated himself beside her , and in tones inaudible to others thus whispered in her ear — “ Lady ! but eight days back the jewels that you wear were mine . That peacock was my own design , and made for my daughter by a cunning artificer in Candia . Its like exists not in the world ; for the mould was made by my order , and broken as soon as used . ‘ Twas mine until the base Uzcoques plundered my baggage . How thus quickly it passed from them to you , is as well known to me as to yourself . But mark me , lady ! if all these jewels are not delivered at my apartments in the west wing of the castle ere midnight , I will denounce your husband and his colleagues as long-suspected and now-proved partakers with the Pirates of Segna . And , should redress be denied me here , the ambassador of Venice shall report this infamous collusion before a higher tribunal in Vienna . ” Struck dumb by this terrible denunciation , the fair culprit gasped for breath , and her evident distress having been watched in growing wonder by the assembled ladies and cavaliers , the latter began to mutter threats of vengeance . One of them now stepped forward , and , grasping the hilt of his rapier , accused the Venetian of having insulted the wife of a nobleman high in the councils of the archduke , when the Proveditore , looking down upon the courtier with that riveted and intensely piercing gaze which staggers the beholder like a sudden blow , and may still be noted in many of Titian 's portraits , answered with brief and startling emphasis — “ Signor ! you do me grievous wrong . ‘ Tis I , and not the lady , who am the injured party . ” Awed by his gathering brow , and the settled , stern , unsparing resolution which flashed from every feature , and indicated a man confident in his own resources , the courtiers did involuntary homage to his loftier spirit , and gave way . The proud Venetian strode through the yielding circle and quitted the hall , while the counsellor 's wife , pleading illness and fatigue in reply to the pointed and numerous questions of surrounding friends and enemies , summoned her husband to attend her , and retired to her apartments . Meanwhile the young Moslem and his companion in misfortune , who had been brought prisoners to Gradiska , were confined in one of the massive towers which flanked the castle . They had arrived not long before the comencement of the festival , and when going under guard along a corridor in the east wing , Ibrahim passed the open door of an apartment in which Strasolda was adjusting the rich jewels of the counsellor 's lady before her appearance in the ball-room . Startled by the approaching tramp of armed men , the Uzcoque maiden raised her eyes , and beheld the noble and well-remembered features of the young Turk , whose captive she had been , and whose image had so strangely reappeared to her through the flitting cloud of smoke in the cavern . “ Mother of Heaven ! ” she exclaimed , covering her eyes with her hands ; “ do I again behold that Moslem youth , ever appearing when least expected ? ” Again she gazed ; but the prisoners , hurried onward by their guards , had proceeded to the end of the corridor , where a narrow winding staircase , fashioned in the immense thickness of the tower wall , led to their appointed prison , a large square apartment , the sides of which were panneled to a considerable height , and imperfectly lighted by small windows , or rather embrasures , perforating a wall many feet in thickness . Here they were left to their reflections , and to what comfort they could derive fron a lamp and a supply of provisions . Hassan , wearied with his journey , hastily swallowed his supper , and , stretching himself upon a paillasse , soon forgot his calamities in sound repose . Ibrahim , more vigilant and less apprehensive of future evil , as the Turks and Austrians were then at peace , paced awhile along the floor of his spacious prison , musing on the peerless charms of the Uzcoque maiden . From time to time he gazed upon the walls and windows as if calculating the chances of escape , when gradually the peculiar and regular design of the panneling caught and fixed his attention . It was divided by prominent mouldings into oblong squares , from the centres of which projected large diamond-shaped bosses of carved oak . This peculiarity at length roused into action some reminiscences of the early life and adventures of his beloved patron , the pacha of Bosnia , to the recital of which he had often , in his boyhood , listened with eager delight . These recollections , at first shadowy and indistinct , became gradually more vivid and accurate , until finally the full conviction flashed upon him that his benefactor , when taken prisoner in his youth by the Austrians , had been confined in this very tower and room , and , by a singular discovery , had been enabled to liberate himself and his fellow-prisoners . The pacha , then a subordinate in rank , in endeavouring to reach the level of one of the embrasures , had mounted upon the shoulders of a comrade , and was supporting himself by a firm grasp of the large boss in the centre of the pannel , when suddenly he felt it turning round in his hand . Surprised to find it not a fixture , he pulled it towards him , and found that it slowly yielded to the impulse . Drawing it out of the socket , he saw it followed by an iron chain , which for a time resisted all his efforts , but at length gave way , and he heard a grating sound like the drawing of a rusty bolt . Suddenly the entire pannel shook , and then the lower end started back sufficiently to betray a recess in the wall . Hastily descending on his comrade 's shoulders , and pushing back the pannel , he discovered that it was supported by hinges , and was doubtless intended to conceal a secret issue from the castle , which he soon ascertained , and effected his escape . These facts were all that the memory of Ibrahim could supply ; but they were enough to guide him in his search , and he immediately proceeded to sound the pannels in succession with his fist . Commencing with the southern or outer wall , which he supposed more massive and more likely to contain a secret passage , he sounded each pannel , and perceiving in the corner one more reverberation than in the others , he roused Hassan from his slumbers . “ Hassan ! Hassan ! ” he exclaimed , “ Arouse thee , man ! and listen to good tidings . ” The awakened sleeper gazed with half-opened eyes upon his excited companion , and would have dropped to sleep again had not a few words of explanation and the hope of escape fully roused him . Having with some difficulty perched his rotund person upon the ample shoulders of Ibrahim , he followed his directions and grasped the wooden boss , which , to the inexpressible delight of both , yielded , as it had done forty years before to the captive Turk , and displayed the iron chain . Bidding Hassan replace the boss , Ibrahim determined to postpone his attempt until the festival had collected all the guards and menials into the central edifice and its approaches . An hour before midnight , when the young Moslem expected the revelry would be at its height , Hassan again mounted upon his shoulders , and after many strenuous efforts , at length succeeded in drawing up the bolt . The pannel receded some inches , and Ibrahim raising it still further , seized the lamp and entered a small oblong recess in the wall , which was not less than ten or twelve feet in thickness . Perceiving no outlet , he examined the wooden flooring , and soon discovered a trap , which , when raised by the ring attached , exposed to view a steep and narrow descending staircase , leading apparently to some sally-port beyond the castle ditch . After carefully trimming his lamp , he was about to lead the way into this dark abyss , when a sound , sharp and sudden , as of something falling in the adjacent prison , caught his ear . Retracing his steps , he re-entered the apartment , where , after a brief search , he found beneath one of the embrasures a paper folded round a large pebble . Hastily opening it , the following lines , written in the lingua Franca so common in the Levant , were visible . “ Moslem ! If thy soul belie not thy noble form and features , thou wilt not withhold thine aid from a bereaved and sorrowing daughter . Before to-morrow 's sunset thou wilt be free , for Austria wars not with the Turk . Then straight repair to Venice , and there await the Battle of the Bridge . Take thy stand beneath the portal of St Barbara , and follow the man who whispers in thine ear , “ STRASOLDA . ” “ Mashallah ! ” shouted the enraptured youth , “ these lines are from the Uzcoque maiden ; and by the gates of Paradise I 'll do her bidding , though it perils life . ” For a time he was tempted to follow her guidance implicitly , and await the promised release from the authorities of Gradiska ; recollecting , however , the proverbial slowness of Austrian counsellors , and too restless and ardent to endure suspense , he resumed his purpose of exploring the secret passage . After he had secured the pannel and replaced the boss , he bade Hassan follow him and began to descend . The staircase ended in a small passage round an angle , beyond which he discovered a similar descent , followed by another angle and staircase , proving that this secret issue from the castle penetrated through each of the four massive walls which formed the tower . At length their further progress was stopped by a door , originally strong and plated with iron , but now so much decayed , that although fastened by bolts without , the joint strength of the two captives forced it from its hinges . They now entered a vaulted passage of hewn stone , low and narrow , and with no visible termination . As they advanced , the long pent-up and dank unwholesome vapours made it difficult to breathe , and compelled Ibrahim to pause repeatedly and trim his lamp , which burned so dimly in this oppressive atmosphere as to be nearly extinguished . After a while the path began to slope upwards , and erelong they distinguished moonlight faintly streaming through a tangled mass of ivy which concealed the remains of an iron grating , broken probably in his patron 's successful attempt to escape by this secret passage from the prison above . Gazing through the aperture , they perceived not many feet below what had once been the castle ditch , now dry , and forming a portion of the archduke 's gardens . With a joyous heart and an elastic bound , Ibrahim reached the soft turf beneath . The more timid and helpless Hassan lowered himself by clinging to a remaining iron bar , and with the aid of his companion was soon on his feet , enjoying , with many thanks to Allah , the fresh air of heaven and the consciousness of escape from captivity . The gates of the palace gardens being unguarded during the festival , the liberated prisoners reached the coast without an obstacle , compelled a fisherman to take them in his bark across the Adriatic , and land them on the Lido , which forms the outward limit of the port of Venice . Then making free with an unwatched gondola , they sped across the bay , and were soon in safety , beneath the roof of a Turkish trader and correspondent of Hassan . Before their escape was discovered on the following morning , the indignant Proveditore had departed for Venice , and Strasolda had disappeared . COLONEL DAVIDSON 'S TRAVELS IN INDIA . [ 5 ] [ 5 ] Diary of Travels and Adventures in Upper India , from Bareilly , in Rohilcund , to Hurdwar and Nahun , in the Himalaya Mountains ; with a Tour in Bundelcund , a Sporting Excursion in the Kingdom of Oude , and a Voyage down the Ganges . By C. J. C . DAVIDSON , Esq ., late Lieut. - Col. of Engineers , Bengal . The appearance of this work was heralded some three months since , as divers of our readers may possibly remember , by a species of puff-preliminary , for which even the annals of Great Marlborough Street afforded no precedent — being nothing less than the appearance of Mr Colburn , in propri â person â, at the bar of the police-office adjoining his premises , to answer the complaint of the gallant and irate author for what he was pleased to consider the unwarrantable detention of the MS. from which his narrative had been printed . It was alleged , in extenuation , that “ the gallant colonel 's MS. was so nearly undecipherable , that Mr Colburn had been put to considerable expense in revising the press ; ” — and a mysterious and curiosity-provoking hint was further thrown out , that “ it was the custom of the trade , that , until a work was published , the MS. should not be parted with by the publisher , as it might turn out that some part of it was libellous , and in such case the publisher must produce the MS . ” In the end the gallant colonel ( whom the newspaper reports described as “ very much excited , ” ) took nothing by his motion in regard to the recovery of the MS .; but though in this respect he may have been somewhat scurvily treated , we cannot equally sympathize with his complaints of the work not having been duly advertised ; for surely all the little “ neatly turned paragraphs ” that ever proceeded from Mr Colburn 's laboratory , could not have been so effectual as the method struck out by the impromptu genius of the colonel himself , in intimating to the public that something quite out of the common way might be expected from the forthcoming production thus brought before its notice . And verily those who have been prepared for a queer volume , will not be disappointed in the diary of our choleric and corpulent colonel . If ever the assurance , which seems to be regarded as indispensable in the preface to works of this class , that the author “ wrote the following pages purely for his own amusement , ” bore the stamp of unequivocal truth , it is in the present instance ; and , notwithstanding the asseverations of Mr Colburn and his literary employ é s , it is difficult to conceive that any revision whatever can have been bestowed on the rough notes of the writer , since they were first hastily committed to paper amidst the scenes which they describe . The style is as rambling and unconnected as the incidents to which it refers ; but wherever the author 's devious footsteps lead us , from the jungles of Bundelcund to the holy gh â ts of Hurdwar , the principal figure is always that of the colonel himself , who , in the portly magnificence of twenty stone minus two pounds , fills up the whole foreground with himself and his accessories of servants , elephant , stud , Nagoree cows , and other component parts of the suwarree or suite of a Qui-hye , who can afford to make himself comfortable after the fashion of the country . The quantity ( sometimes not trifling ) and quality of his meals , the consequent state of his digestion , and his endless rows on the score of accommodations and forage with thannadars , darogahs , kutwals , and all the other designations for Hindoo and Hindoostani jacks-in-office , ( for to Feringhi society he appears to have been not very partial ,) may doubtless have been points of peculiar interest to the colonel himself , but are not likely to engage the attention of the world in general , and had better have been omitted in the revision of the diary , instead of being chronicled , as they are on all occasions , with wearisome minuteness of detail . But with all these drawbacks , a man who , as he says of himself , “ has dwelt in India twenty-five years , and traversed it from the snowy range to Bombay on the west , must have seen something of the country , and may be supposed to know something of the natives ” — among whom , by the way , he seems to have mingled more familiarly than most Feringhis ; and in spite of all the egotism and rigmarole with which his pages abound , the rambles of this “ stout gentleman ” through Upper India , and some other parts of the country not much visited by Europeans , present us with a good deal of plain sense and sterling matter , viewed , it is true , with the eccentric eye of a humorist , and frequently couched in very odd phraseology ; but not the less true on that account . His opinions on all men and all things are expressed with the same honesty and candour with which he narrates the various scrapes in which he was involved , while pushing right a-head like an elephant through a jungle ;— and though laughing at him quite as often as with him , we have found the colonel , on the whole , far from an unpleasant travelling companion . Bareilly , on the fronters of Oude and Rohilcund , was the colonel 's starting-point ;— and thence on St Patrick 's day [ 6 ] he set forward for Hurdwar , at the head of a retinue , the members of which , both quadruped and biped , he enumerates seriatim , giving the pas to the former — a precedence perhaps well merited by steeds up to such a welter weight under the climate of India , over such a set of unredeemed and thriftless knaves as he describes his native attendants . Accordingly , he gives the names and pedigrees of the whole stud , from “ the buggy mare Maiden-head and my wicked little favourite Fish-Guts , ” up to “ my favourite brood-mare Fair Amelia , purchased at a prize sale on the frontier , and bred by the king of Bokhara , with his royal stamp on her near flank — stands nearly fifteen and a half hands high , with magnificent action and great show of blood — had , when taken , four gold rings in her nostrils , now removed and replaced by silver , which will be stolen by her groom one by one . ” His first day 's march was to Futtehgunge , ( “ the mart of victory , ” being the scene of the memorable battle in 1774 , in which the English , as the bought allies of the Nawab Shoojah-ed-dowlah , defeated and slew the gallant Rohilla chief , Hafez-Rehmut ;) and here he oracularly announced a discovery in gastronomy , of which it would be unpardonable not to give our readers the benefit . “ I used my farourite condiment , tomata sauce , with my beef ; and to all who are ignorant of this delicious vegetable I may venture to recommend its sauce , as at once both wholesome and savoury , if eaten with anything but cranberry tart or apple pie ! ” It is melancholy to reflect how often the best efforts of genius are anticipated and rendered of no avail . The colonel , when he penned this sentence with a heart overflowing with Epicurean philanthropy , was evidently unconscious that “ chops and tomata sauce ” were already familiar to the British public from the immortal researches of Mr Pickwick ! [ 6 ] The year is not specified ; but as the Ramazan is subsequently said to have ended March 25 , it must have been in the year of the Hejra 1245 , ansering to A. D. 1830 . Rampore , in the territory of which the colonel now found himself , is still a semi-independent state , the Nawab of which has a revenue of sixteen lacs of rupees , (£ 160 , 000 ,) while the city , being without the pale of English law , is “ a city of refuge , a very Goshen of robbers , ... the streets are crowded with a mob of very handsome , idle , lounging fellows , having generally the fullest and finest jet-black beards and black mustaches in the world . Many of these were handsomely dressed , and many ( which struck me as a very curious fact ) appeared clean ! ” These were the Pathans and Rohillas , partly descended from the original Moslem conquerors of India , and partly from those who have more recently migrated from Affghanistan and the adjoining countries . The most athletic and warlike race among the Indian Mahommedans , and too proud of their blood to exercise any profession but that of arms , they are found in every town throughout Upper India , swaggering about with sword , shield , and matchlock , in the retinues of the native princes , and ready to join any enterprise , or flock to the standard of any invader , through whose means any prospect is afforded of shaking off the Feringhi yoke , and resuming their ancient predominance in the country which their forefathers won by their swords from the idolaters . “ They hate us with the most intense bitterness , and can any one be surprised at it ? We have taken their broad lands foot by foot . ” Few if any of these turbulent spirits are found in our European regular native army ; their dislike to the cumbrous accoutrements and awkward European saddles operating equally , perhaps , with the severity of the drill and discipline to deter them ; but they form the strength of the various corps of irregular horse — a force which , of late years , has most judiciously been greatly increased in numbers , and the uniform dashing bravery of which in the field , strongly contrasts with the misconduct of one at least of the regular native cavalry regiments in the late Affghan war . “ I have seen , ” ( says the colonel ,) “ a lineal descendant of Pathan Nawab 's serving in the ranks of Hearsay 's horse , as a common trooper on twenty rupees a-month , out of which he had merely to buy and feed his horse , procure clothes , arms , and harness , and sustain his hereditary dignity ! By his commander and his fellow-soldiers he was always addressed by his title of Nawab Sahib ! ” The small-pox was committing dreadful ravages in Rampore and its neighbourhood ; and though vaccination was performed gratis at Bareilly , the fatalist prejudices of the natives , even of those of rank and education , prevented them from availing themselves of the boon . All the instances of the colonel , in behalf of a charming little girl , four years old , whose mother and sister had already taken the infection , could get from her father nothing more than a promise “ to think of it ! If it 's her fate —— ” said he . “ ‘ You fool ! ’ said I , in my civil way , ” ( and the colonel 's brusquerie was here , at least , not misplaced ,) “ ‘ if a man throws himself into the fire or a well , or in the path of a tiger , is he without blame ? ’ ” Such apathy seems almost unaccountable to English minds ; but it may find a parallel in Lady Chatterton 's story of the Irish parents , [ 7 ] who , after refusing to spend fourpence in nourishment for a dying child , came in deep grief after its death to their employer , to solicit an advance of thirty shillings to wake the corpse ! Perhaps some ingenious systematists might hence deduce a fresh argument in favour of the alleged oriental origin of the Irish . [ 7 ] Rambles in the South of Ireland ; ii . 143 . The colonel 's next stage was to Moradabad , another Pathan city , but under the raj of the Company , where , in a visit to a native original , named Meer Mahommed , he was greatly delighted by his new friend 's introduction of the English word swap into a sentence of Hindoostani . And on the 25th he reached Dhampore , where the welcome proclamation , “ that the new moon had been seen , ” terminated the fast of the Ramazan , to the uncontrollable joy of the Mussulmans , who would have been subjected to another day 's abstinence if it had not been perceived till the succeeding evening . The colonel , however , slyly remarks , that “ it was very odd that the Hindoos could not see the new moon , ” and hints that their imperfection of vision was shared by himself , but it was otherwise decided by the Faithful ; and he proceeded , amid the noisy rejoicings of the Moslem feast of Bukra-Eed , ( called by the Turks Bairam ,) by Najeena , the Birmingham of Upper India , to Nujeebabad . Here resided , on a pension of 60 , 000 rupees (£ 6000 ) a-year from the English government , the Nawab Gholam-ed-deen , better known by the nickname of Bumbo Khan , a brother of the once famous Rohilla chief Gholam-Khadir . Though past eighty years of age , and weighing upwards of twenty stone , he had not lost , any more than the equiponderant colonel , his taste for the good things of this world ; and our traveller , on partaking of the Nawab 's hospitality , records with infinite zest the glories of a peculiar preparation of lamb , called nargus , or the narcissus . But , alas ! the reminiscences of the nargus were less grateful than the fruition , and the remorse of the colonel 's guilty stomach ( as poor Theodore Hooke , or some one else , used to call indigestion ) continued to afflict him all the way to Hurdwar ; and may probably account , by the consequent irritation of his temper , for various squabbles in which he was involved on the route . The great fair of Hurdwar was in full swing at the colonel 's arrival , with its vast concourse of Hindoo devotees from all parts of India , to whom it is in itself a spot of peculiar sanctity , besides lying in the way to the shrine of Gungotree , ( the source of the Ganges ,) in the Himmalaya — its crowds of merchants and adventurers of all sorts , even from Uzbek Tartary and the remote regions of Central Asia — Seiks by thousands from the Punjab , with their families — Affghan and Persian horse-dealers — and numerous grandees , both of the Hindoo and Moslem faith , who repair hither as to a scene of gaiety and general resort . The colonel found quarters in the tent of a friend employed in the purchase of horses for government , and seems to have entered with all his heart into the humours of the scene ; his description of which , and of the varied characteristics of the motley groups composing the half million of human beings present , is one of the most graphic and picturesque sketches in his work . “ Huge heaps of assafoetida , in bags , from the mountains beyond Cabool — tons of raisins of various sorts — almonds , pistachio nuts , sheep with four or five horns — Balkh [ 8 ] cats , with long silken hair ; of singular beauty — faqueers begging , and abusing the uncharitable with the grossest and most filthy language — long strings of elderly ladies , proceeding in a chant to the priests of the Lingam , to bargain for bodily issue — Gh â t priests presenting their books for the presents and signatures of the European visitors — groups of Hindoos surrounding a Bramin , who gives each of them a certificate of his having performed the pilgrimage ” — such are a few of the component parts of the scene ; but the colonel 's attention seems to have been principally fixed upon the horses , and the tricks of the dulals or brokers , to whom the purchase is generally confided , it being almost hopeless for an European to make a personal bargain with a native dealer . But among the greatest curiosities in this way were some tortoiseshell ponies — for we can call them nothing else — a peculiar race from Uzbek Tartary , which we never remember to have heard of before . “ They were under thirteen hands high , and the most curious compound of colours and marks that can be imagined . Suppose the animal pure , snowy white ; cover the white with large , irregular , light bay spots through which the white is visible ; in the middle of these light bay let there be dark bay marbled spots ; at every six or eight inches plant rhomboidal patches of a very dark iron-grey ; then sprinkle the whole with dark flea-bites ! There 's a phooldar , ( flower-market ,) as they call them ; ” and we agree with the colonel that such an animal would be a fortune at Bartlemy fair . [ 8 ] In the original “ bulkh , ” which we have ventured to amend as above . The Oriental words and phrases are , in several instances , very incorrectly printed ; but whether the fault rests with the colonel 's “ undecipherable ” MS ., or the correctors of the press , it is not for us to decide . Among the distinguished visitors to Hurdwar at this season of festivity was the noted Begum Sombre , or Sumroo , whose face the colonel compares to that of an old Scotch highlander , and her person to a sackful of shawls , and who declared “ that the Duke of Wellington must be at heart a Catholic , because he emancipated the Catholics ! ” He also renewed his gastronomic friendship with his friend Bumbo Khan , with whom the recollections of past indigestion did not prevent him from feasting on mahaseer , a delicious fish found in this part of the Ganges ; and on this occasion his Apician ecstasies are not alloyed by subsequent regrets — “ even now the recollection soothes me ” — and he recommends such of his readers as are yet ignorant of this luxury to start forthwith for Hurdwar and repair the omission . The fair ended April 13 ; and the colonel having previously succeeded in disposing of his buggy to a potentate whom he calls “ the Kheerea Thunnasir Rajah , ” ( we believe , the ruler of one of the Seik protected states ,) and buying a stout Turcomani pony for the hills , started the same day on the road to Suharunpoor . He favours his readers , en passant , with some exceedingly original speculations touching the Mosaic deluge , in reference to the hills about Hurdwar , which do not speak very highly for his attainments in geology , though in some other branches of natural history , and particularly in botany , he appears to be no mean proficient . The journey was disturbed by attempts to steal the colonel 's new purchase , ( which was not , like the rest of the stud , distinguished from the horses of the country by having its tail cut ,) and by a quarrel at Secunderpore with a thannadar , or native police magistrate , whose European superior 's neglect of the colonel 's complaint he charitably attributes to “ some ( I hope slight ) derangement of the stomach . ” At Suharunpore he visited the well-known botanist Dr Royle , the curator of the Company 's botanic garden there , then engaged in those labours on the Flora of the Himmalayas which have been since given to the world ; and at Boorea , leaving the British territory , he entered that of the protected Seik states , whose petty chieftains are secured in their semi-independence by the treaty with Runjeet in 1809 , which confined the ruler of Lahore to the right bank of the Sutlej . But their reception of the colonel did not appear to indicate any great degree of gratitude for these favours to the British nation , as represented in his person ; for not one of the five Seik chiefs , “ each of whom has his own snug little fort close to the city , ” would supply him with a lodging ; and it was only by perseverance and ingenuity that he secured a place to lay his head , after long wrangling with the subordinate functionaries . Matters improved , however , as he advanced further into the country ; and , at the little mountain-city of Nahun , he was most hospitably received and entertained by the young rajah , Futteh Pur Grass Sing , “ who had been educated almost entirely under the kind and fatherly superintendence of Captain Murray , ” the commissioner of the Seik states , and whose frank and gentlemanlike manners , “ so unlike those of the ghee-fed wretches of the plains , ” did honour to his guardian 's precepts . The town of Nahun , which is 3600 feet above the level of the sea , is described as clean and well paved ; and the rajah , whose revenue had been increased under the management of Captain Murray from 37 , 000 to 53 , 000 rupees , was highly popular , and by the colonel 's account deservedly so , with his subjects . He earnestly pressed “ the fat gentleman ” ( whose caution in mounting an elephant , while two men on the other side of the howdah balanced his weight , vehemently excited his risibility ) to return to the plains through Nahun , and have a month 's shooting with him in the valley ; but whether the invitation was accepted or not remains untold , as — “ Alas for the literature of the age ! when I was ordered to Bundelcund , a vile thief entered my tents at night , and robbed me of my second volume ; and thus did I lose my carefully written account of the sub-Himmalayan range , which cost me fully eight months ’ labour . ” Thus abruptly terminates the first part of the colonel 's travels , and at the commencement of the second we find him crossing the Jumna to Calpee , the frontier town of Bundelcund , a wild and unsettled province , prolific in Thugs and bad characters of all sorts , and principally inhabited by a peculiar race called Bundelas , who have never been perfectly reconciled to the British supremacy , and who , at this present writing , are kept quiet only by the presence of a force of 15 , 000 men . Calpee is said to be the hottest place in India , the thermometer in June , according to the colonel , standing even on a cloudy day at 145 degrees — a degree of heat almost incredible ; and it is also the principal mart for the cotton , which the rich black soil of Bundelcund produces of finer quality than any other part of Hindostan . But , notwithstanding its commercial inportance , the town was at this time left to the government of a native Darogah or chief of police , the nearest European courts being at Hameerpore , thirty miles distant , and the state of society seems to have been somewhat singular . Among its most conspicuous members is “ Gopal , the celebrated robber , murderer , and smuggler , a tall athletic man about forty-two years of age , with a most hideous muddy eye , having the glare of hell itself . It is said that he has always fifteen servants in stated pay , and can in a few hours command the services of three hundred armed and desperate men ; and the strength and vigour of the Calpee police may be estimated by the fact , that he has been known to walk into the house of a rich merchant in the centre of the town , when he was surrounded by his servants and family ; he has very coolly selected the gold bangles of his children , and silenced the trembling remonstrances of the Mahajun by threats of vengeance ; nor is this a solitary instance . When he murders , he is equally above all concealment ; as in the recent case of a sepahee returning home with his savings , who was waylaid and murdered by our hero in open day . He very coolly gave himself up , acknowledging that he had killed the sepahee , who had first assaulted him . It was proved on the trial , that the sepahee was wholly unarmed , and he was condemned to be hung by the court of Hameerpore on his own confession , but released , from want of evidence , by the Sudder Court at Calcutta . Their objection was excellent , though curious ; that if his confession was taken , it must be taken altogether , and not that part only which could lead to his conviction . He was released , and now walks about in his Sunday clothes , a living evidence of British tenderness . ” Gopal was not the only amiable character with whom the colonel became acquainted at Calpee , as he sought and obtained an interview with a famous Thug approver , who had retired from the active exercise of his profession , and was travelling the country in company with a party of police , denouncing his former associates to justice . We cannot help suspecting , both from the traits recorded of him , and from the vicinity of Calpee to his former residence at Jalone , that this personage was no other than the celebrated Ameer Ali , whose adventures formed the ground of Captain Meadows Taylor 's well-known “ Confessions of a Thug ; ” and as a pendant to the already published descriptions of him , we here quote the impression he made upon the colonel . “ I expected to see a great man , but at the first glance I saw that I was in the presence of a master . The Thug was tall , active , and slenderly formed ; his head was nearly oval ; his eye most strongly resembled that of a cobra di capello ; its dart was perfectly wild and maniacal , restless , brilliant , metallic , and concentrated . ” The colonel had a narrow escape from irretrievably affronting this eminent professor of murder , by unguardedly enquiring whether he was in any way cognizant of a trifling robbery by which the colonel himself had been a sufferer . “ No , sir ! ” he exclaimed with a look which might have frozen a less innocent querist ; “ murder , not robbery , is my profession ... and none but the merest novices would descend so low as to rob a tent or a dwelling-house . ” The colonel , however , expresses a shrewd suspicion , from circumstances which had come to his knowledge , that his distinguished visitor 's esprit de corps led him to deviate from truth in this particular — a belief in which Captain Taylor 's pages fully bear him out . The colonel 's movements , after quitting Calpee and its attractive circles , appear to have been somewhat desultory . We find him , successively , at Murgaon or Murgong , Julalpore , Keitah , & c ., without being told what decided his route ; but from some subsequent remarks , it appears probable that he was engaged on engineering service by order of Government . Between Julalpore and Keitah he fell in with a gang of nutts [ 9 ] or gipsies , whom the beauty of their women ( a point to which the colonel is always alive ) did not prevent him from suspecting of an intention to practise thuggee on his own portly person — a belief in which he was confirmed by hearing them speak in another tongue among themselves — no doubt the Ramasee , or cant language of the Thugs , subsequently made known to the world at large by the investigations of Major Sleeman . At Goraree he purchased some small cups , carved from the variegated serpentine of the rock on which the town is built ; but , on proposing to employ the artist in making some larger vases , “ he told me that he was a very poor man , and his efforts had never been directed to larger patterns ; meaning to infer that it was impossible he could either try or succeed ! ” Such is Hindoo nature ! [ 9 ] The Indian gipsies are several times mentioned in the journal of Bishop Heber , who says they are called Kunjas in Bengal . Colonel Davidson also mentions a race in Bundelcund called Kunjurs who were in the habit , as he was informed by the Bramins , of “ catching lizards , scorpions , snakes , and foxes , ” which , if it is meant that they use them for food , is analogous to the omnivorous propensities of the gipsies . Churkaree , the capital of Ruttun Sing Buhadoor , one of the principal of the numerous rajahs among whom Bundelcund is divided , is described as “ prettily situated on the side of the hill , over a lake covered with the white lotus flower , and having a very fine appearance from a distance , as most of the houses have their upper stories whitewashed , and are seen peeping through the dark-green leafy trees of the country , but the town , which contains perhaps 15 , 000 souls , of whom 1000 may be Mussulmen , is very straggling , irregular , and dirty . ” The male population were all fiercely mustached , and loaded with arms ; but their repulsive exterior was more than compensated by the charms of the other sex , all of whom wore immense hollow ankle bangles of zinc , filled with bits of gravel , which tinkled as they walked . “ I have never seen so many well-formed and handsome women together as I did at the wells outside the town , drawing water à la Rebecca . Some of their faces were strikingly intelligent , and their figures eminently graceful . The population is almost purely Hindoo ; and I think the Hindoo females are more delicate in their forms than the Mussulmanees . ” The Rajah was , however , absent on a sporting excursion , and the darogah refused to provide the colonel with lodgings , alleging his master 's orders that no Feringhis should be allowed in the town ; and it was not till after a long altercation , of which the colonel gives himself greatly the best , that he succeeded in finding quarters in the house of a bunneea or grocer . But the next day 's march ( for Bundelcund is almost as thickly set with sovereign princes as Saxony itself ) carried him out of the realm of this inhospitable potentate into the territories of the Rajah of Jalone , the once noted patron and protector of Thuggee , by whose agent he was most politely received at Mahoba , a once splendid but now ruined city , celebrated for its artificial lakes , which in long-past times were formed by a famous Rajpoot prince named Purmal , by damming up the narrow gorges of the hills . “ Never had I seen , in the plains of India , a prospect more enchanting ! Conceive a beautiful sheet of calm , clear , silvery water , of several miles in circumference , occasionally agitated by the splashing leaps of large fishes , or the gradual alighting of noble swan-like aquatic birds : its margin broken as if by the most skilful artist ; now running into the centre , and ending in most romantic low rocky hills , covered with trees and embellished with black , antique Jain temples , deserted probably for hundreds of years , and at present the retreat of the elegant peafowl ; in other places embanked with huge blocks of cut granite , embrowned by the shade of magnificent trees , under which small bright Hindoo temples , carefully whitewashed , might be seen in the shade ; or bounded by abrupt rocky promontories , surmounted by many-pillared temples in ruins , hanging in the sky . A fine rich sunset gave an exquisite richness and classic magnificence to the scene . Many little boys with rod and line were ensnaring the sweet little singhee , or the golden rohoo or carp — bringing back to my heart the days , when , stealing from school , I was wont to sit on the rocks of the Dee , at Craglug , near Aberdeen , watching the motion of a float that was not under water once in the twenty-four hours . ” The colonel 's laudable habit of associating freely , whenever opportunity occurred , with the natives , gave him considerable insight into the state of the country , where the caprices of the native princes were not then much interfered with , and which consequently , as he says , “ was pretty much in the situation of the Emerald Isle ; ” and verily if the tale told him by the Hindoo gosain or priest at Jour â ho ô, of the murder of his predecessor in the temple , and the impunity of the robbers , were correctly related , the Bundelas have not much to learn in the arts of bloodshed and depredation . “ This village being a sort of corner to the territories of several Rajahs , robberies , murders , and all other diversions , are of daily occurrence ; and when enquiries are made ; each territory throws the blame on its neighbour . ” The maxim of government most current in Bundelcund , both with rulers and ruled , seems indeed to have been — “ The good old rule , the simple plan , That those should take who have the power , And those should keep who can ; ” for while this strange confusion of meum and tuum prevailed among the peasantry , the country was ruined by the oppressive and irregular exactions of the rajahs , both zemindars and cultivators flying from their habitations to escape the levying of the rents , which were often demanded more than once by different collectors . At Chundla , the colonel was lodged in the house of an opulent zemindar , who had absconded for the reason just given ; “ and one of the thanna servants told me , that , by those means , Bundelcund was depopulated ” — a statement corroborated by the numerous ruined brick houses remaining in the towns among the miserable hovels of the present day . The rajahs of Bundelcund are , almost without exception , of Rajpoot lineage , and thus of a different race from their Bundela subjects ; but the condition of the country is much the same wherever it is left under the sway of the Hindoo princes , who are exempt even from the partial restraint which the Koran imposes on the despotism of Mahommedan rulers . The only effectual cure for the evils reigning in Bundelcund will be its formal incorporation with the dominions of the Company — a consummation which , from the refractory spirit shown in the province after our losses in Affghanistan , is probably not far distant . The remainder of the colonel 's notes on Bundelcund relate principally to his visits to the ancient hill-fortresses of Ajeegur and Kalingur , both formerly occupied in force by the British , but now — with the exception of a havildar 's ( sergeant 's ) party of sepoys posted at the former , and a single company at the latter — garrisoned solely by the lungoors , or large black monkeys , whom the colonel found holding solemn assembly in the Jain temples and the hall of audience , built by the famous Rajah Purmal at Ajeegur . While exploring his way along the ruined and overgrown ramparts , he had a narrow escape from the fangs of a large venomous serpent , ( “ the Katula Rekula Poda , No . 7 of Russell , ” ) on which he was on the point of treading , and which , in commendable gratitude for its forbearance ; he allowed to glide off unharmed by his fowling-piece ; “ but he was the first reptile that ever escaped without the chance of losing his life at my hands . ” On the road to Kalingur he had an interview with a petitioner , who offered him 400 rupees in cash , or a large diamond , for his interest in a certain case then pending before the judge at Bandah ; “ but I explained to my client that I was not in that line of business , and as I saw he had no intention of insulting me , we parted friends . ” Kalingur , which was taken by the British after a long siege in 1812 , stands on a rock towering “ upwards of 850 feet above the plain below , and probably about 3000 feet above the level of the sea ; ” but its strength as a fortress is as nothing in comparison to its sanctity , which entitles every one , who resides there only as long as it takes to milk a cow , to especial beatitude — the object of veneration being a lingam of black stone enshrined in a temple , the guardianship of which is jointly vested in five resident families of Bramins . “ At this time , ” says the colonel , “ the place is not worth keeping , the country being so thoroughly impoverished and desolate ; ” and he accordingly , after viewing the marvels of the locality , pursued his way to Banda , and thence laid a d â k ( or travelled by palanquin with relays of bearers ) to Calpee , “ there to sit from nine to four , writing filthy accounts of bricks and mortar , square feet , cubic feet , and running feet , rupees , annas , and pie ; squabbling with wrinkled unromantic villains , whose cool-tempered and overwhelming patience amply deserve their unlawful gains — I mean as labourers in the vineyard of villany . ” “ A sporting excursion in Oude , ” in the spring of 1836 , comes next in order of time ; and in regular order we accordingly take it , though it has pleased either Mr Colburn or the colonel to place it after the voyage down the Ganges . The colonel left Lucknow , March 2 ; and three days later the whole party rendezvoused at Khyrabad , consisting of “ Mrs , Miss , and Brigadier Churchill , Colonel Arnold , Major Cureton , Lieut . Waugh , Dr Ross of her Majesty 's 16th Lancers , and the writer of these amiable records ; ” to whom was soon after added , in the capacity of guide and hanger-on , “ Sam Lall , by birth a Chuttree or Rajpoot , by profession a zemindar , and by inclination a sycophant and shikarree , ( hunter .) ” Indian field sports , with their concomitants of hogs , hogdeer , jungles , elephants , tigers , and nullahs , have been of late years rendered so familiar to stay-at-home travellers , that we shall but concisely notice the colonel 's exploits in this forest campaign , which present no remarkable novelty , though detailed con amore , and with the two-fold zest of a sportsman and an epicure . With all deference , indeed , to the colonel , we have shrewd doubts whether the latter feeling was not the predominant one ; for the death of a tiger , nine of which fell during the three weeks ’ foray before the rifles of himself and his companions , is evidently chronicled with less of heart-felt enthusiasm than characterises his encomiums on the hogdeer soup , the delicate floricans and black partridges , ( in the preparation of bread sauce , for which , with his own hands , he earned immortal renown ,) and the other materials for good living poured forth from the cornucopia of an Indian game-bag . His gastronomic fervour during this jaunt reaches at times an ecstatic pitch , which , as old Weller says , “ werges on the poetical . ” “ For him ( the gastronomist ) the dark rocks and arid plains of the dry Dekkan produce their purple grapes , and cunning but goodly bustard ; for him burning Bundelcund its wonderful rock pigeon and ortolan inimitable ; the Jumna , most ancient of rivers , its large rich Kala banse , and tasty crabs ; for him yields the low and marshy Terace her elegant florican ; the mighty Gunga its melting mahaseer ; the Goomtee its exquisite mullet . And shall he not eat and delight in her fruits ? ... Let the ass eat its thistles , and the swallow its flies au naturel ; you and I , reader , know better ! ” One day , while wading on their elephants through a deep marsh in pursuit of a tiger , the chasseurs suddenly stumbled upon a pleasant family party — “ a labyrinth of huge boa-constrictors or pythons , sound asleep , floating on a bed of crushed nurkool , ( a gigantic species of reed ,) the least of them twenty feet long , and two feet in circumference . A more beautiful natural mosaic cannot be imagined : they appeared , from being wet , as if recently varnished . Perhaps they were from twenty to thirty in number , and occupied a spot of about twenty feet square . No sooner did the dreadful glistening reptiles hear the click of my rifle , and feel its ball , than they shot forth with all their vigour , and diving , disappeared in an instant under the matted roots of the tall nurkool , and , although I tried , I could not get another glimpse . ” One of these giant serpents , seventeen feet long , and eighteen inches in circumference , which the colonel calls a small one , was shot a few days afterwards by Colonel Arnold . The marsh and jungle swarmed with peacocks , jungle-fowl , and wild-fowl of all sorts , affording glorious sport ; and , besides the smaller kinds of deer , several specimens occurred of a magnificent species of stag with twelve-tyned horns , called baru-singa — apparently allied to the sambur and rusa of the Dekkan . The comparatively small number of tigers killed was , however , a source of disappointment ; since the utility of these battues , in which the superior fire-arms and appliances of the English are brought into action for the destruction of these ferocious animals , may be estimated from the damage done by them in the wilder parts of India , “ which is beyond the belief even of Indo-European residents , and must , consequently , appear an exaggeration to distant Englishmen . General ( then Captain ) Briggs , when resident at Dhoolia in Candeish , in 1821 , where his potails , or head men , were obliged to keep a register of the oxen ( exclusive of sheep and goats ) destroyed in their villages , reported that no less than 21 , 000 had been killed in three years ! As no register is kept in Oude , it is impossible to register the number . ” On the banks of the Mohun-nuddee the party was joined by Rajah Ruttun Sing , a chief holding a considerable tract of country under the suzeraint é of Oude , who favoured them with his company while they remained in his district — a compliment which he expected to be acknowledged , as he distinctly intimated on taking leave , by the gift of a valuable fowling-piece ; but this modest request was parried by the rejoinder , that none of their guns were good enough for his highness ! During one of the halts , an incident occurred which strongly illustrates the inhuman apathy of the Hindoos towards any one not connected with them by the ties of caste . A man was found sitting under a tree near the camp , uttering strange cries , and the servants were desired to order him to withdraw ; “ they returned , saying carelessly that he was a nutt , or gipsy , who had been robbed . ” A robbery from a gipsy was such a strange contradiction of terms , that the colonel went personally to enquire into the matter , when he was horror-struck by finding , that the man had been , not only plundered of his earnings by a band of Bunjarras , but frightfully mutilated and wounded , a trifle which the Hindoo servants had not thought worth mentioning . The poor wretch 's arm was amputated by Dr Ross ; and , being carried with the camp and carefully tended , he was at last dismissed , with a fair prospect of recovery , and with a gift of sixty rupees subscribed among the party ; but not even the example of the sahibs could teach the Hindoos humanity , and only the peremptory commands of Dr Ross could prevail upon his bearer to place a mattress under the sufferer ! On their return march , the party were further honoured by visits from several rajahs and zemindars , all of whom were “ loud in complaint against the extortions of the aumils , who constantly attempted to gather more , and sometimes twice and a half as much , as the stipulated rent , in consequence of which the zemindars were compelled to rebel ; ” a view of the political condition of Oude which naturally results from its anomalous position , under a sovereign nominally independent , who is at once too weak to control his own subjects , and fearful of diminishing the shadow of authority left to him by calling in the only available aid . On the 29th of March the party again reached Khyrabad , the appointed place of their separation , as it had been of their meeting ; and here the narrative , as before , breaks off abruptly . The concluding part , in order of time , of the colonel 's lucubrations , contains his narrative of a voyage on the Ganges , from Allahabad , by Dhacca , to Calcutta ; but the features and incidents of this navigation have been so frequently described by travellers of all sorts and kinds , from Bishop Heber and Captain Bellew to our own much-esteemed Kerim Khan , that we shall devote but brief space to it . He quitted Allahabad , as he informs us , December 5 , 1839 , so deeply regretted by the native population , that they determined to perpetuate his memory by the erection of a new gh â t or landing-place , every brick of which was to be stamped with the letter D — a distinction which he had , no doubt , deserved by the bonhommie towards both Hindoo and Moslem , which forms one of the most favourable traits in the jovial colonel 's character . The Tribeenee Gh â t , immediately below Allahabad , where the streams of the Jumna and the Ganges unite , is one of the holiest spots in India ; to which pilgrims resort from all quarters , in the hope of securing paradise by dying at the junction of the sacred waters . The spirit of religious exclusiveness prevails here as well as in other places ; and the colonel mentions his having been once an eyewitness of some rough treatment received by a chumar , or leather-dresser , ( one of the lowest castes ,) at the hands of some high caste sepoys , who were highly indignant that so mean a carcass should presume to defile the holy ground ! Leaving the gh â ts and devotees behind him , however , and floating down the stream in his capacious three-roomed budgerow , he passed Mirzapoor , Chunar , and even the holy city of Benares , ( which he perversely spells Bunarus ,) without halting ; and reached without adventure or mishap the mouth of the Goomtee , where his attention was attracted by a party of eighteen young elephants , the property of the king of Oude , bathing in the river . “ Of all animals , saving the Bundela goat , there is none that suffers more from change of climate than the elephant : of the numbers caught on the eastern frontier , probably not one in four survives a journey to Delhi . Bred in the darkest and most gloomy forests , they are in a great measure sheltered from heat by the eternal moisture of the cool shady bower under which they rove ; and are then expected to bear all on a sudden the most intense heat , acting directly on their jet-black skins , when brought into the plains of Upper India . A very clever native told me he could make money by any thing but young elephants . ” Another curious fact relative to the elephant , mentioned in a subsequent chapter on the authority of Captain Broadfoot of the Madras commissariat , is , that both wild and tame elephants are extremely subject to a pulmonary disease , which proved on dissection to be tubercular — in fact , consumption ! It was found to yield , however , to copious bleedings , if taken in its early stages . The colonel 's pages , at this point , are filled with digressions and dissertations on subjects somewhat miscellaneous — Aberdeen pale ale — the enormities of Warren Hastings ’ government — the late James Prinsep and the moral precepts of the Rajah Piy â d â see — and a most incomprehensible rhapsody about “ a red mustached member of the Bengal civil service , ” of which we profess ourselves utterly incompetent to make either head or tail , and strongly recommend the colonel to expunge it if the work reaches another edition . The voyage presents no incidents but the usual ones of pelicans , alligators , and porpoises : and on January 15 , he arrived at Dhacca , “ the once famous city of muslins . ” But the muslin trade has now almost wholly disappeared ; and with it “ the thousands of families of muslin weavers , who , from the extreme delicacy of their manufacture , were obliged to work in pits , sheltered from the heat of the sun and changes of the weather ; and even after that precaution , only while the dew lay on the ground , as the increasing heat destroyed the extremely delicate thread . ” The jungle is in consequence advancing close upon the city , which is thus rendered almost uninhabitable from malaria — the only manufacturers which continue to flourish being those of violins , bracelets , made from a peculiar shell resembling the Murex tulipa , and — idols for Hindoo worship ! The colonel remained at Dhacca till February 4 , awaiting ulterior orders from headquarters , and had , consequently , abundance of leisure for making himself acquainted with the place and its people . These researches , however , were not always unattended with danger ; for on one occasion , while viewing the city from an elevated building , a piece of plaster was struck from the cornice near where he stood by a matchlock ball — a delicate hint that the Mussulmans disliked being overlooked . The Nawab , apparently the son of Bishop Heber 's acquaintance , Shumseddowlah , still resides in the palace of his ancestors , but is described as an extravagant , uneducated youth , who has mortgaged away his income from 5000 to 200 rupees per mensem — that is , from L. 6000 to L. 240 per annum . The inhabitants were a mixture of almost all the creeds and nations of Asia — Chinese , Thibetans , Mugs from Arracan , Burmese , Malays , etc . ; but the great majority are Hindoos , whose sanguinary goddess Kalee is adored in not less than fifty temples . The Greeks and Armenians also have each a church , the services of which , as described by the colonel , are conducted in much the same form as at Constantinople :— “ But among the ( Armenian ) matrons only was any appearance of devotion visible ; one of them , most gorgeously appareled in the Armenian fashion , with a magnificent tiara of jewels on her brow , and wearing a superb shawl , threw herself on the ground , with her head sunk between her arms , towards the altar , and remained in that position nearly five minutes . The others , being dressed à l'Anglaise , with stiff stays and fashionable bonnets , could not afford to indulge in such a position . ” The Armenians were formerly numerous in Dhacca , and are still an influential and wealthy body ; the Greeks are now “ few and far between , ” but in the palmy days of Dhacca they were a flourishing community . Dhacca was a place abounding in strange characters from all parts of the world ; and among others whom the colonel encountered , was a singular specimen of a cosmopolite , a native of Fez , who called himself a Moslem , but whom our friend vehemently suspected of being a Jew . He had been almost as great a traveller as his countryman the famous Sheikh Ebn Batuta , whose wanderings are immortalized in the pages of Maga , [ 10 ] and came last from Moulmein , with a cargo of black pepper and rubies . He had resided seventeen years in India , and proposed to the colonel , whom he claimed as a brother , “ since from his own home he could reach England in ten days , ” that they should jointly freight a vessel with valuables , and go home together ! And , among other scattered facts , a casual encounter with some Chinese in the employ of the Assam Tea Company , whom the colonel considerably astonished by addressing them in their own language , introduces “ the very curious fact , ” that at Tipperah , a civil station not more than fifty or sixty miles from Dhacca , the natives have from time immemorial used the tea which grows there abundantly , and is prepared after a fashion of their own . “ And yet ” ( continues the colonel — and we fear there is too much truth in his remarks ) “ the existence of the tea-plant is but a recent discovery ! Any other nation would have established a tea-manufactory at Tipperah , immediately after the first settlement , and the Yankees would have ‘ progressed ’ railroads and steam-boats for its success . India is at this moment a mine of unexplored wealth . No sooner had steam-boats appeared than coal has been discovered in every direction ! ” The manufacture of native iron in Bengal , which had been pressed upon Lord Hastings , as the colonel seems to imply , by himself , and at first warmly adopted by him , was objected to in the council , and ultimately abandoned , “ on the grounds that it would militate against the commercial interests of Great Britain — that is , against the profits of those India stockholders , possessing votes , who followed the trade of ironmongers ! ” There is many a true word spoken in jest ; and this and other side-cuts of the colonel at the shortsighted proceedings of the Bahadurs at Calcutta , though sometimes queerly worded , contain now and then some unpalatable facts . The administration of the present Governor-General has shown at least some promise of a better state of things — and if the impulse now given to the development of the resources of India be steadily followed up , this reproach will erelong be taken away . The receipt of his final orders , however , which pointed out China as his destination , put an end to the colonel 's speculations ; and re-embarking on the stream of the Booree Gunga , he passed , with little incident worth noticing , through the numerous branches of the river , and the picturesque jungles of the Soonderbunds , and arrived safely , after an absence of twenty-one years , at the city of palaces — and there we leave him . [ 10 ] May 1841 . The subject of the manufactures and products of India , is not , however , the only point connected with the internal administration , respecting which some inconvenient facts find their way to light in the colonel 's pages — and with one or two of these revelations , we shall conclude our extracts . The majority of those Anglo-Indian employ é s , who have favoured the world with “ Reminiscences ” and “ Narratives , ” are singularly free from the charge of what is familiarly termed “ telling tales out of school . ” According to their account , nowhere is justice so efficiently administered , or its functionaries so accessible , as in our Indian empire ; but here , whether from the native frankness of the colonel 's disposition , or from his having nothing more to hope or fear from the old Begum in Leadenhall Street , we find this important subject placed , on several occasions , in rather a different light from that in which it is usually represented . It is well known that Sir David Ochterlony , a short time before his death , discovered by mere accident that he was enrolled as a pensioner to a large amount on the civil list of almost every native prince in Upper India , from the emperor of Delhi downwards — his principal moonshee , or native secretary , having thrown out intelligible hints , as though from his master , that such douceurs would not be without their use in securing his powerful interest at Calcutta — the moonshee himself quietly pocketing the proceeds . This was certainly an outrageous instance ; but it is the direct interest of every native subordinate to screen his own misdeeds and extortions , by promoting to the utmost , in his European superior , that inaccessibility to which he is naturally but too much inclined — and the extent to which this system of exclusion is carried , may be inferred from the following anecdote . The colonel had been requested by a native landholder of high respectability , to introduce him to the house of a civilian ; and on asking why he could not go by himself , was told , “ I dare not approach the very compound of the house he lives in ! If his head man should hear that I ventured to present myself before the gentleman without his permission , he would immediately harass me by some false complaint , or even by instituting an enquiry into the very title-deeds of my estate , which might , however falsely , terminate in my ruin . It is not long since I paid eleven hundred rupees to —— to suppress false claims , which , if they had actually gone into court , would have cost me ten times the sum . ” Of the practical effects of criminal punishments , the colonel does not speak more highly . “ In the real Hindoostanee view of the subject , a convict in chains is nearly a native gentleman — a little rou é, perhaps — employed on especial duties in the Company 's service , for which he is well fed , and has little labour . A jail-bird can easily be distinguished after the first six months , by his superior bodily condition . On his head maybe seen either a kinkh â b ( brocade ) or embroidered cap , or one of English flowered muslin , enriched with a border of gold or silver lace . Gros de Naples is coming into fashion , but slowly .... Was he low-spirited , he could , for a trifling present , send to the bazar , and enjoy a nautah from the hour the judge went to sleep till daybreak next morning — nay , under proper management , he might be gratified by the society of his wife and family .... See him at work , the burkandauze ( policeman ) is smoking his chillum , while he and his friends are sound asleep , sub tegmine fagi . All of a sudden there is an alarm — the judge is coming ! up they all start , and work like devils for ten or fifteen seconds , and then again to repose . This is working in chains on the roads ! In fact , after a man is once used to the comforts of an Indian prison , there 's no keeping him out ! ” All this , no doubt , is broad caricature — but “ ridentem dicere verum quid vetat ? ” a motto which the colonel could not do better than adopt for any future edition of his eccentric lucubrations . And so Rookhsut ! Colonel Sahib ! may your favourite tomata sauce never pall upon your palate ; and though perhaps you would hardly thank us for the usual oriental good wish , that your shadow may continue to increase , may it at least never be diminished by that worst of all fiends , indigestion ! BELFRONT CASTLE . A RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW . One half of the world was surprised that Reginald Belfront married Jane Holford — and the other half was equally surprised that Jane Holford married Reginald Belfront ; for , considering the experience that both halves of the world must have had , it is amazing how subject they still are to surprise . To us , who have not the pleasure to belong to either half , there is very little surprising in the matter . Reginald had been for some time on a visit at the house of a distant relation — old Sir Hugh de Mawley . He had wandered through the great woods of the estate , and found them very tiresome ; had strolled in the immense park , and found it dull ; and , in the long evenings , had sat in the stately hall , and listened to the endless , whispered anecdotes of his host , and found them both intolerable . No wonder he started with joyful surprise when , one day in the drawing-room , he heard the rustle of a silk gown ; caught the glancing of some beautiful real flowers on the top of a bright-green bonnet ; and , more wonderful than all , the smile of the prettiest lips , and the glances of the clearest eyes he had ever seen in his life . The gown , the bonnet , the smiles , and eyes , all belonged to Jane Holford ; and Reginald , who had , up to this time , made no great progress in the study of comparative physiology , now made such rapid strides , that he could have told you every point in which the possessor of the above-named attributes differed from the stiff and prim Miss de Mawley , who had hitherto been the sole representative of the female sex in Mawley Court . The neck and shoulders — the chin — nose — arms — ankles — feet — not to mention the hair and eyebrows — of the new specimen , were minutely studied ; and , in spite of the usual antipathy he entertained against all scientific pursuits , he felt a strong inclination to be the owner of it himself , in order to pursue his investigations at full leisure . He was no genius — hated books — disliked clever people — but prided himself on his horsemanship , his play at quarterstaff , his personal strength , and , above all , in his fine old castle in a somewhat inaccessible part of Yorkshire , which had remained in the possession of his family ever since the Conquest . Jane , on the other hand , had no castle to boast of ; and probably had no ancestor whatever at any period preceding the year 1750 , when her grandfather had bought an estate near Mawley Court — which had gone on improving with the improvement of the times , till her father found himself the possessor of a rent-roll of fifteen hundred a year , four sons , and six grown-up daughters . It will easily be believed that no objections to the match were raised on the part of a middle-aged gentleman , with so many reasons for agreeing to the marriage settlement proposed by Reginald Belfront ; consisting , as it did , of a jointure to the widow , and the use of Belfront Castle for life , without the remotest allusion to any portion or other contingent advantage on the other side ; and as Jane herself was , if possible , still more satisfied on the subject than her father , all the arrangements were rapidly made , and in less than three months after the apparition of the silk gown and other etceteras in the drawing-room , the indissoluble knot was tied , and Miss Cecilia , the second daughter , was advanced to the dignity of Miss Holford , vice Jane — promoted . The church was all decked out with roses and other pleasing emblems of the unfading nature of connubial bliss ; wreaths of sunflowers , with the same comfortable moral , were hung up over the great gate of Mawley Court ; while Miss de Mawley , representing in her own person the evergreens omitted in the garlands , received the happy couple on their return from the ceremony at the head of all the female domestics , from the housekeeper down to the kitchenmaid , and led the bride and bridegroom to the table in the great hall , where old Sir Hugh was sitting in great state . They kneeled down before his chair ; and , laying his hand on their heads , he began blessing ; but not having practised that style of oratory so much as he ought , it rapidly degenerated into a grace — and , as lunch in the mean time was brought in , and the Holford family , and one or two of the neighbours who had been present at the ceremony , had now arrived , the eloquence of Sir Hugh was not altogether thrown away . There were several speeches and toasts , and sundry attempts at jocularity ; and Sir Hugh began the story of the French countess and the waterfall at Fountainbleau ; and Reginald availed himself of the somnolency of the rest of the party to slip out with his bride without being observed , just as the royal family began to suspect the secret — and , long before the incensed husband sent the challenge , the happy pair were careering onward as fast as the postboy could drive , on the first stage of their wedding tour . A month afterwards they were in a country inn in Wales . The window at which they sat commanded a view of the beautiful vale of Cwmcwyllchly — a small river glided down in winding mazes , hiding itself behind wooded knolls , and brawling over rocks in the most playful and picturesque manner imaginable . The sun had begun to set , and was taking a last look at the prospect , with his vast chin rested on the top of Penchymcrwm , presenting to the poetical mind an image of a redfaced farmer looking over a five-barred gate — every thing , in short , that is generally met with in Tourists ’ Guides , as constituting a splendid view , was assembled on this favoured spot ; and yet Jane heaved a deep sigh , and appeared to take no notice of the landscape . “ You 're tired , my love , ” said Reginald ; “ you have walked too far up these Welsh mountains . ” “ I hope to get used to climbing , ” answered Jane ; “ there are plenty of hills at Belfront — are n't there ? ” “ Yes , we have plenty of hills ; but why do n't you call it home , Jane ? ” “ Because I have never lived there , ” she replied ; “ and a place can scarcely be called home that one has never seen . ” “ But you have never said you wished to see it . ” “ Oh , but I have wished it all the same — may we — may we go — home ? ” She said the word at last , and Reginald was delighted . “ Home ! to be sure — to-morrow , at daybreak ; for , to tell you the truth , I do n't care sixpence for fine views — in fact , I do n't think there is any difference between any two landscapes — except that there may be hills in one , and none in another , or woods , or a river — but they are all exactly the same in reality . So , let us go home , my love , as fast as we can , or I 'm very much afraid Mr Peeper wo n't like it . ” “ Mr Peeper ? ” enquired Jane . “ Who is Mr Peeper ? ” “ You will know him in good time , ” said Reginald ; “ and I hope he will like you . ” “ I hope he will — I hope all your friends will like me — I will do every thing in my power to please them . ” “ You 're a very good girl , Jane ; and Mr Peeper can n't help but be pleased , and I am glad of it ; for it ought to be our first study to make ourselves agreeable to him . ” “ Agreeable to Mr Peeper ! ” thought Jane . “ How strange that I never was told about him before this moment ! Does he live in the castle , Reginald ? ” she asked . “ Certainly . One of his family has lived there ever since one of mine did ; so there is a connexion between us of a few hundred years . ” “ Have you any other friends who live in the castle ? ” enquired the bride . “ I do n't know whether Phil Lorimer is there just now or not ; he has a room whenever he comes ; and a knife and fork at table . ” “ Who is he ? ” “ A capital fellow — full of wit — and makes funnier faces and better songs than any man in Yorkshire . You will like Phil Lorimer . ” “ And I hope he will like me ! ” “ If he do n't , I 'll break every bone in his body . ” “ Oh ! I beg you wo n't , ” said the bride with a smile , and looking up in Reginald 's face to assure herself he spoke in joke . It was as earnest a face as if it had been of cast-iron ; and she saw that Mr Lorimer 's only chance of preserving a whole skin was to like her with all his might . “ Is there any one else ? ” “ There 's Mr Peeper 's assistant , Mark Lutter — a clever man , and a great scholar . I hate scholars , so he dines in the servants ’ hall , or far down the table — below the salt . ” “ Are you serious ? ” enquired Jane . “ Do you not like scholars ? ” “ What 's the use of them ? I never could see what they were good for — and , besides , Mr Peeper hates them too . ” “ Then why does he keep this man as his assistant ? ” “ Because if he did n't , the fellow would rebel . ” “ Well , you could turn him off . ” “ We never turn any body off at Belfront Castle . If they go of their own accord , we punish them for it if we can — if they stay , they are welcome . Mr Peeper must look to it , or Lutter will make a disturbance . ” “ What a curious place this castle must be , ” thought Jane , “ and what odd people they are that live in it ! ” She asked no more questions , but determined to restrain her curiosity till she could satisfy it on the spot ; and , luckily , she had not long to wait . Next day they started on their homeward way . As they drew nearer their destination , Jane 's anxiety to gain the first glimpse of her future home increased with every mile . She had , of course , formed many fancy pictures of it in her own mind ; and , as love lent the brush and most obligingly compounded the colours , there can be no doubt they made out a very captivating landscape of it between them . “ At the top of the next hill , ” said Reginald , “ you will see the keep . ” Jane stretched her head forward , and looked through the front window as if she could pierce the hill that lay between her and home . On went the horses ; but the next hill seemed an incredible way off ; it was now getting late , and the shadows of evening , like a flock of tired black sheep , began to lie down and rest thenselves on the vast dreary moor they were travelling over . At last Jane felt that they were beginning an ascent ; and a sickly moon , that seemed to have undergone a severe operation , and lost nearly all her limbs , lifted up her pale face in the sky . The wind , too , began to whistle in long low gusts , and Reginald , who was not of a poetical temperament , as we have already observed , was nearly asleep . They reached the hill top at last , and a great expanse of rugged and broken country lay before them . “ Where is it ?— on which hand ? ” said Jane . “ Straight before you , ” replied the husband ; “ it is only three miles off ; the high-road turns off to the left , but we go through fields right on . ” Jane looked with almost feverish anxiety . At a good distance in front , rose a tall black structure , like the chimney of a shot manufactory — a single , square , gigantic tower — throwing a darker mass against the darkened sky , and sicklied o'er on one of the faces with the yellow-green moonlight . There were no lights in it , nor any sign of habitation ; and Jane would have indulged in various enquiries and exclamations , if the carriage had allowed her ; but it had by this time left the main road , and sank up to the axles in the ruts ; it bounded against stones , and wallowed in mire alternately ; and all that she could do , was to hold on by one of the arm rests , as if she had been in the cabin of a storm-toss 'd ship . “ For mercy 's sake , Reginald , will this last long ? ” she said , out of breath with her exertions . “ We are about a mile from the drawbridge . I hope they have not drawn it up . ” “ Could we not get into the castle if they have ? ” “ We might fall into the moat if we tried the postern . ” “ Oh , gracious !— is there a moat ? ” — and instinctively she put her hand to her throat , for her mother had brought her up with a salutary dread of colds , and she felt a sensation of choking at the very name . At this moment , the agonized carriage , after several groans that would have moved the heart of a highway commissioner , gave a rush downward , and committed suicide in the most determined manner , by dashing its axle on the ground — the wheels endeavouring in vain to fathom the profundity of the ruts , and the horses totally unable to move the stranded equipage . The sudden jerk knocked Reginald 's hat over his eyes against the roof of the carriage , and Jane screamed when she felt the top of her bonnet squeezed as flat as a pancake by the same process , but neither of them , luckily , was hurt . “ We must get out and walk , ” said the husband ; “ it is n't more than half a mile , and we will send Phil Lorimer , or some of them , for the trunks . ” He put his arm round Jane 's waist , and helped her over the almost impassable track . “ We must try to get the road mended , ” said Jane . “ It has never been mended in our time , ” was the reply ; and it was said in a tone which showed that the fact so announced was an unanswerable argument against the proposition of the bride . “ A few stones well broken would do it all , ” she urged . “ We never break stones at Belfront , ” was the rejoinder ; and in silence , and with some difficulty , they groped their unsteady way . At last they emerged from a thick overgrown copse , in which the accident had happened , and , after sundry narrow escapes from sprained ankles and broken arms , they reached the gate . It was an immense wooden barrier , supported at each end by little round buildings — like a slice of toast laid lengthways between two half pounds of butter . It was thickly studded with iron nails , and the round piers were of massive stone , partly overgrown with ivy , and as solid as if they had been formed of one mass . “ Does any body live in those lodges ? ” enquired Jane . “ There is a warder in the inner court , ” said Reginald . “ These are merely the supporters of the outer gate . ” “ And how are we to get in ? ” “ We must blow , I suppose . ” And so saying , Reginald lifted up a horn that was hung by an iron chain from one of the piers , and executed a flourish that made Jane put her fingers to her ears . In a short time the creaking of an iron chain — whose recollection of oil must have been of the most traditionary nature — gave intimation that its intentions were decidedly hospitable ; and with many squeaks and grunts the enormous portal turned at last on its hinges , and exposed to view a narrow winding road between two walls , which , in a short time , conducted the visitors to a long wooden bridge over a piece of stagnant water — the said bridge having only that moment been let down from the lofty position in which its two halves were kept by an immense wooden erection , which bore an awful resemblance to a scaffold . When they got over the bridge , Reginald turned round , and , imprinting a kiss on the pale cheek of the astonished bride , said — “ Welcome home , dear Jane . This is Belfront Castle ! ” Jane looked round a spacious courtyard , and saw a square of low dark-looking buildings , with the enormous tower she had seen from the top of the hill rearing its thick head above all at one corner . They proceeded across the roughly-paved quadrangle , and entered a low door ; ascended three steps , and opened another door . They then found themselves in a large and lofty hall , with fitful flashes of red light flickering on the walls , as the flame of the wood fire on the hearth rose or fell beneath the efforts of a half distinguishable figure , extended at full length on the floor , and puffing the enormous log with a pair of gigantic bellows . In the palpable obscure , Jane could scarcely make out the persons of the occupants of the apartment ; but when the flame burnt up a little more powerfully than usual , she observed the figure of a tall man dressed in black , who shook hands with Reginald , and bowed very coldly and formally to her , when he was introduced as Mr Peeper . He seemed about fifty or sixty years of age , but very much enfeebled . He stooped and coughed , and was very infirm in his motions ; but when the red glare from the hearth fell upon his eyes , they fixed themselves on Jane with such a piercing expression , that she turned away her face almost in fear . His hair was snow-white , and yet it was impossible to decide whether he was a man of the years we have stated , with the premature appearance of age , or a person of extraordinary longevity , retaining the vigorous eyes and active spirit of youth . However it was , Mr Peeper was too harsh and haughty in his approaches , and exacted too much deference from the youthful bride , to be very captivating at first . He said no welcome to the new-comer , and was stiff and unkind even to the owner of the castle . Candles were soon brought in , and Jane took the opportunity of looking round . The individual who had been busy blowing the fire now rose from his humble position , and was presented to the lady as Phil Lorimer . He bowed and smiled , and was proceeding with a compliment , in which , however , he advanced no further than the summer sun bringing out the roses , when Reginald pushed him out of the hall , with orders to get the luggage brought in from the carriage , and to be back in time for supper . Phil Lorimer seemed a man of thirty , strongly built , with a sweet voice and friendly smile ; but what station he filled in the household — whether a servant , a visitor , a poor relation , or what he could be , Jane could not make out , either from his manner or the way he was treated . “ Mr Lorimer is very good-natured — very obliging , to take care of the luggage , I am sure , ” said Jane . “ Better that than talking nonsense about roses , ” replied Reginald . “ Did you expect us this evening , Mr Peeper ? ” “ I did , Mr Reginald , and have invited a few of the neighbours to meet you . ” “ Who are coming ? ” “ Sir Bryan De Barreilles , Hasket of Norland , Maulerer of Phascald , and old Dr Howlet . They will be here soon , so you had better make haste . ” “ I had better not appear , love , ” said Jane ; “ no ladies are coming , and among so many gentlemen my presence might be awkward . ” “ By no means , ” replied the husband . “ It would n't be right , Mr Peeper , for my wife to be absent from the supper-table ? ” “ Certainly not . It is to see her the neighbours are coming . ” Is this Mr Peeper to have the control of all my actions ? thought Jane . Who can he be ? She took another glance at the object of her thoughts , but caught his eye fixed on her with the same penetrating brightness as before ; and she cast her looks on the ground ; and , whether from anger or fear , she felt her cheeks glowing with blushes . “ You will not be long gone , if you please , ” he said to Jane as she retired to change her dress . “ You do n't seem pleased to see us , Mr Peeper , ” said Reginald , when Jane had gone to her room under the guidance of a very tall old woman , who walked before her , holding out a tremendously long candle , as if it were a sword , and she was at the head of a military procession . “ No , sir , ” replied Mr Peeper ; “ I am not pleased with the person you have brought here . You have gone too far from home for a wife . None of the Belfronts have ever married out of Yorkshire , and it may give rise to troubles . ” “ I am very sorry my wife 's relations would not allow me to send for you to perform the ceremony . ” “ It is a bad omen , ” said the old man ; “ my predecessors have married your predecessors without a break since the conquest . It bodes no good . ” “ I trust no harm will happen , and that you will soon forget the disappointment . ” “ None of my family forget , but we will not talk of it . ” So saying , he turned away , and arranged a goodly array of bottles on the sideboard . Reginald sat down on an oak chair beside the fire , and gazed attentively into the log . In the mean time , Jane had followed her gigantic conductor through half a mile of passages , and reached a small room at one end of the quadrangle , and through the window ( of which half the panes were broken , as if on purpose ) she caught the melodious murmur of a rapid river , that chafed against the foundation walls of the castle . On looking round , the prospect was not very encouraging . Tattered tapestries hung down the walls , and waved in a most melancholy and ghost-like fashion in the wind ; the floor was thinly littered over with some plaited rushes , to supply the place of a carpet ; and a few long high-backed oak chairs kept guard against the wall . The fire had died an infant in its iron cradle , the grate ; and the curtain of the bed waved to and fro in mournful sympathy with the tapestry round the room . Jane was so cold that she could hardly go through her toilette , simple as it was ; but having at last achieved a very slight alteration in her dress , and left her bonnet on the head of an owl , which formed the ornament of one of the high-backed chairs , she endeavoured to retrace her steps ; and after a few pauses and mistakes , she found her way once more into the hall . The guests in the mean time were assembled and had seated themselves at table . On Jane 's entrance they all rose , and on being respectively named by their host , bowed with cold and stately courtesy , and sat down again . The four strangers seemed all of the same ages , fifty or thereabouts — tall , hale , and dignified in their manners . Sir Bryan de Barreilles had a patch on his right eye ; Hasket of Norland a deep scar on his forehead , that cut his left eyebrow into two parts , and gave a very extraordinary expression to his rigid countenance ; Maulerer of Phascald had the general effect of very handsome features , marred by the want of his nose ; not that there was actually no nose , but that it did not occupy the prominent position it usually holds on the human face divine , but was inserted deep between the cheeks — in fact , was a nose not set on after the fashion of a knocker , but a fine specimen of basso-relievo , indented after the manner of Socrates 's head on a seal , and would probably have made a very fine impression . Dr Howlet was perfectly blind , and from the tone in which he was addressed by the other gentlemen , Jane concluded he was also very nearly deaf . Besides these , there were present Mr Peeper , at the foot of the table next to Reginald , and on the other side of him a thick square-built man , with a fine hilarious open countenance , who was perhaps of too low a rank to be introduced to the lady of the castle — no other in fact than the redoubtable Mr Lutter , of whom Jane had heard on her journey home . After the serving men , with some difficulty , had brought in the supper , consisting of enormous joints of meat , hot and cold , and deposited on the sideboard vast tankards of strong ale and other potent beverages , Mr Peeper rose , and folding his hands across his breast , and bending forward his head with every appearance of devotion , muttered some words evidently intended to represent a grace ; but so indistinct that it was utterly impossible to make the slightest guess at their meaning , whereupon they all fell to with prodigious activity , and cut and slashed the enormous dishes as if they had been famished for a year . Mr Lutter , after making an observation that true thankfulness was as much shown by moderate enjoyment of good gifts as by long prayers said over them , made a most powerful assault on the cold sirloin , and , of all the party , was the only one who had the politeness to send a helping to Jane . She was tired and hungry , and felt really obliged by the attention , but could scarcely do justice to the viands from surprise at the conversation of the guests . “ Ho , ho ! ” said Sir Bryan de Barreilles , “ I once knew a thing — such a thing it was too — ho ! ho ! ” And partly the vividness of the recollection , and principally an enormous mouthful of beef , produced a long fit of coughing — “ ‘ twill make you laugh , ” he continued — “ ‘ twas a rare feat — ho ! ho !— even this lady will be pleased to hear it . ” Jane bowed in expectation of an amusing anecdote . “ One of my tenants was going to be married ; his bride was a very young creature , not more than eighteen , and on the wedding-day , as I always was ready for a joke in those days — ah ! ‘ tis thirty years ago , or more — I asked the bridal party to the Tower . Ho ! ho ! such laughing we had !— Giles Mallet and Robin Henslow fought with redhot brands out of the fire , till I thought we should all have died ; and Giles — the cleverest fellow and the wittiest , ho ! ho !— such a fellow was Giles !— he took up the poker instead of the fir-log , and watched his opportunity , ho ! ho !— it was redhot too — a good stout poker as ever you saw — and ran it clean through his cheek — you heard the tongue fizz ! as it licked the hot iron — ‘ twas a famous play . How Robin roared , to be sure , and could n't speak plain — ho ! ho ! Well , the games went on ; and nothing would please some of the young ones but we should see the Oubliette . ‘ Twas a dark hole where my forefathers imprisoned their refractory vassals , and sad stories were told about it — how that voices were heard from the bottom of it , and groans , and sometimes gory heads were seen at the top of it , looking up to the skylight , and struggling to escape , but ever tumbling back into the deep dark hole , with screams and smothered cries ; a rare place for a man 's enemies — but it had not been used for many years . Well — nothing would do , but when we were all merry with ale , we should all go and see the Oubliette , and a kiss of the bride was promised to the one who should go down the furthest . Now , the stone steps were very narrow at best ; and were all worn away — and that was the best of it — all along the passages we went , and past the dungeon grating , till we came to the open mouth of the Oubliette . Ho ! ho ! how you 'll laugh . Down a step went one — no kiss from the bride for him — two steps went another — some went down six steps , and one bold fellow went down so far that we lost sight of him in the darkness . Then the bridegroom , a stout young yeoman — thought it shame to let anyone beat him in daring , for so rich a prize as a kiss from the rosy lips of his bride , and down — down — he went — step after step — till finally , far down in the gloom , we heard a loud scream — such a scream — ho ! ho ! I can n't help laughing yet when I think of it — and in a minute or two , whose voice should we hear but Giles Mallet 's ! There was Giles , hollowing and roaring for us to send down a rope but how he had got down , or when he had gone down , nobody knew . However , a rope was got , and merrily , stoutly , we all pulled , but no Giles came up . Instead of him , we drew forth the bridegroom ! but such a changed man . His eyes were fixed , and his face as white as silver — his mouth was wide open , and his great tongue went lolling about from side to side — and he shook his head , and mumbled and slavered — he was struck all of a sudden into idiocy , and knew nobody ; not even his bride . She was sinking before him , but he never noticed her , but went moaning , and muttering , and shaking his head . Ho ! ho ! ‘ twas the comicalest thing I ever saw . And when Giles came up he explained it all . Giles had gone down deeper than any of them , and waited for the others on a ledge in the cavern ; and just when the bridegroom reached it , Giles seized him by the leg , and said — ‘ Your soul is mine ’ — ho ! ho ! ‘ Your soul is mine , ’ said Giles — and the bridegroom uttered only the loud , long scream we had all heard , and stood and shook and trembled . ‘ Twas a rare feat ; and if you had come down last year ” — he added , turning to Jane — “ you would have seen the bridegroom going from door to door , followed by all the boys in the village — he never recovered . There he went , shake , shaking his head — and gape gaping with his mouth . “ Twas good sport to teaze him . I 've set my dogs on him myself ; but he never took the least notice . ‘ Twas a good trick — I never knew better . ” “ And the bride ? ” enquired Jane . “ Oh , she died in a week or two after the adventure ! A silly hussy — I wished to marry her , by the left hand , to my forester , but she kept on moping and looking at the idiotical bridegroom , and died — a poor fool . ” “ Ah ! we 've grown dull since those merry times , ” said Hasket of Norland , looking , round the empty hall , and then towards Reginald , as if reproaching him with the absence of the ancient joviality . “ There were three men killed at my marriage — in fair give and take fight — in the hall , at the wedding supper . There is the mark of blood on the floor yet . ” “ I lost my eye at the celebration of a christening , ” said Sir Bryan de Barreilles . “ My uncle of Malmescott pushed it in with the handle of his dagger . ” “ I got this wound on my forehead at a feast after a funeral , ” said Hasket of Norland . “ I quarreled with Morley Poyntz , and he cut my eyebrow with an axe . ‘ Twas a merry party in spite of that . ” “ The Parson of Pynsent jumped on my face at a festival in honour of the birth of Sir Ranulph Berlingcourt 's heir , ” said Maulerer of Phascald . “ I had been knocked on the floor by the Archdeacon of Warleileigh , and the Parson of Pynsent trode on my nose . He was the biggest man in Yorkshire , and squeezed my nose out of sight — a rare jovial companion , was the Parson of Pynsent , and many is the joke we have had about the weight of his foot . Ah ! we have no fun now — no fighting , no grinning through a horse-collar , no roasting before a fire , no singing ” — “ Yes , ” said Reginald , “ we have Phil Lorimer . ” “ Let him come — let us hear him , ” said some of the party . “ I hate songs , ” said Dr Howlet ; “ and think all ballads should be burned . ” “ And the writers of them , too , ” added Mr Peeper , with a fierce glance towards the fireplace , from which Phil Lorimer emerged . “ Oh no ! I think songs an innocent diversion , ” said Mr Lutter , “ and softening to the heart . Sit near me , Mr Lorimer . ” “ Make a face , Phil , ” cried the knight ; “ I would rather see a grin than hear your ballad . ” “ Jump , Phil , ” said Hasket of Norland , applying his fork to Phil 's leg as he passed , “ you are a better morris-dancer than a poet . ” Phil , who was imperturbably good-natured , did as he was told . He opened his mouth to a preternatural size , turned one eye to the ceiling , and the other down to the floor , till Sir Bryan was in ecstasies at his achievement . He then sprang to an incredible height in that air , and danced once or twice through the hall , throwing himself into the most grotesque attitudes imaginable , and the table was nearly shaken in pieces by the thumpings with which the party showed their satisfaction . “ Now then , Phil ; here 's a cup of sherry-wine — drink it , boy , and sing a sweet song to the lady , ” said Reginald . “ Songs are an invention of the devil , ” said Mr Peeper . “ Unless they are sung through the nose , ” said Mr Lutter , with a sneer . “ You approve of songs then ? ” inquired Mr Peeper , with a fierce look . “ Certainly , ” said Mr Lutter , “ when their subject is good , and the language modest . ” “ Then you are an atheist , ” retorted Mr Peeper . “ What has a ballad to do with atheism ? ” enquired Mr Lutter , looking angry . “ You approve of wicked songs , and therefore are an atheist . ” “ A man is more like an atheist , ” retorted Mr Lutter , “ who is ungrateful to God for the gift of song , and shuts up the sweetest avenue by which the spirit approaches its Creator . I admire poetry , and respect poets . ” “ Any one who holds such diabolic doctrines is not fit to remain in Belfront Castle . ” “ Nay , ” replied Mr Lutter , “ Belfront Castle would be infinitely improved if such doctrines were adopted in it . ” “ Gentlemen , ” said Reginald , “ you are both learned men ; and I know nothing about the questions you discuss . ” “ Your lady shall judge between us , ” said Mr Lutter . “ She shall not , ” said Mr Peeper ; “ I am the sole judge in matters of the kind . ” “ Let us hear Phil 's song in the mean time , ” said Reginald . “ Come , Lorimer . ” “ What shall it be ? ” said Phil . “ Something comic , ” said Sir Bryan . “ Something bloody , ” said Hasket of Norland . “ Something loving , ” said Maulerer of Phascald . “ Will the lady decide for us ? ” said Phil , with a smile . “ Will you have the ‘ Silver Scarf , ’ madam ; or ‘ the Knight and the Soldan of Bagdad ? ’ They are both done into my poor English from the troubadours of Almeigne . ” The lady fixed , at haphazard , on “ the Knight and the Soldan of Bagdad : ” and Phil prepared to obey her commands . He took a small harp in his hand , and sate down in the vacant chair next to Sir Bryan de Bareilles . The rest of the company composed themselves to listen ; and , after a short prelude , Lorimer , in a fine manly voice , began — “ Oh , brightly bloom 'd the orange flow'r , And fair the roses round ; And the fountain , in its marble bed , Leapt up with a happy sound ; And stately , stately was the hall , And rich the feast outspread ; But the Soldan of Bagdad sigh 'd full sore , And never a word he said . Never a word the Soldan said , But many a tear let fall ; He had tried all the joys that life could give , And was weary of them all . The Soldan lift up his heavy eye — And to that garden fair , A stranger enter 'd with harp in hand , And with a winsome air ; Long locks of yellow molten gold Hung over his cheek so brown , And a red mantle of Venice silk Fell from his shoulders down . A weary wanderer he did seem , Come from a distant land ; And over the harpstrings thoughtfully , He moveth his cunning hand . He opes his lips , and he poureth forth Such a sweet stream of sound , That the Soldan 's heart leaps up in his breast , And his eye he casts around . ‘ Was never a voice , ’ the Soldan said , ‘ So sweet — nor so blest a song ;— Sing on , kind minstrel , ’ the Soldan said , ‘ I have been sad too long . ’ The minstrel sang , and soft and sweet The Soldan 's tears fell free ; ‘ Oh , tell me , thou minstrel dear , ’ he said , ‘ What boon shall I give to thee ? Oh , stay with me but a year and a day , And sing sweet songs to me ; And whatever the boon , by Allah , I swear , I will freely give it to thee . ’ The minstrel stay 'd a year and a day , And the Soldan loved him well ; ‘ Now what is the boon thou askest of me — I prithee , dear minstrel , tell . ’ ‘ A Christian knight in thy dungeon pines , And his hope is nearly o'er ; His freedom is the boon I ask — Oh , open his prison door ! ’ The minstrel went — and no more was seen ; And the Christian knight , set free , Found a stately ship , that bore him safe Home to his own countrie . And his lady met him at the gate , His lady fair and young ; And with a scream of pride and joy , She in his bosom hung . Oh , glad , glad was the Christian knight , And glad was his lady fair , And her pale cheek flush 'd as he cast aside The locks of her raven hair , And kiss 'd her brow , and told the tale Of his dungeon , deep and strong ; And of the minstrel , too , he told And of the power of song . And they blest the minstrel , and blest his song , And soon the feast was dight ; And prince and noble crowded in , To welcome home the knight . And when the brimming cup went round , Spoke out an evil tongue , And blamed that lady to her lord , That lady fair and young ; And told , with many a bitter sneer , How that , for many a day , When he was prison 'd in Paynim land , That dame was far away , And none knew where ; but all could guess — Up rose the knight , and kept His hand close clutch 'd on his dagger heft , And down the hall he stept ; And onwards with the dagger bared , He rush 'd to the lady 's bower — ‘ Thou hast been false , and left thy home — Thou diest this very hour ! ’ ‘ Oh ! it is true , I left my home ; But yet , before I die , Oh ! look not on me with face so changed , Nor with so fierce an eye ! Oh ! let me , but for a minute 's space , Into my chamber hie ; One prayer I would say for thee and me — One prayer — before I die ! ’ She left the bower ; and as he stept To and fro in ireful mood , A stranger from the chamber came , And close behind him stood . Long locks of molten yellow gold Hung over his cheek so brown , And a red mantle of Venice silk , Fell from his shoulder , down . Dark frown 'd the knight — ‘ Vile churl ! ’ he said ; But ere he utter 'd more , The stranger let the mantle fall Unclasp 'd upon the floor ,— And off he cast the yellow locks — And , lo ! the lady fair , Blushing and casting from her cheek Her glossy raven hair ! Down fell the dagger ; down the knight Sank kneeling and opprest ; And the lady oped her snow white arms , And wept upon his breast ! ” “ A foul song !— a wanton woman ! ” — exclaimed Sir Bryan de Barreilles — “ he should have stabbed her for living so long with a Jew villain like the Soldan of Bagdad . ” “ Was the villain a Jew ? ” enquired Dr Howlet , who had caught the word . “ I did not know Bagdad was in Jewry . Is a heathen the same as a Jew , Mr Peeper ? ” The gentleman thus appealed to , coughed as if to clear his throat , and though he usually spoke with the utmost clearness , he mumbled and muttered in the same unintelligible manner as he had done when he was saying grace ; and it was a very peculiar habit of the learned individual , whenever he was applied to for an explanation , to betake himself to a mode of speech that would have puzzled a far wiser head than Dr Howlet 's , to make head or tail of it . Dr Howlett , however , appeared to be perfectly satisfied with the information ; and by the indignant manner in which he struck his long gold-headed ebony walking-stick on the floor , seemed entirely to agree with the worthy knight in his estimate of the heroine of Phil Lorimer 's ballad . “ I like the ballad about the jousting of Romulus the bold Roman , with Judas Maccabaeus in the Camp at Ascalon far better , ” said Hasket of Norland . “ Sing it , Phil . ” “ No , no , ” cried Maulerer , who was far gone in intoxication . “ Sing us the song of the Feasting at Glaston , when Eneas the Trojan married Arthur 's daughter .— Sing the song , sirrah , this moment , or I 'll cut your tongue in two , to make your note the sweeter .— Sing . ” Thus adjured , Phil once more began :— “ There was feasting high and revelry In Glaston 's lofty hall ; And loud was the sound , as the cup went round , Of joyous whoop and call ; And Arthur the king , in that noble ring , Was the merriest of them all . No thought , no care , found entrance there , But beauty 's smiles were won ; No sour Jack Priest to spoil the feast ” — “ Ha ! ” cried Howlet , interrupting Mr Lorimer in a tremendous passion , “ what says the varlet ? He is a heathen Turk , and no Christian . How dares he talk so of the church ? ” The old man rose as he spoke , and , suddenly catching hold of the enormous ebony walking-stick , which generally reposed at the side of his chair , he aimed a blow with all his force at the unfortunate songster ; but , being blind , and not calculating his distance , his staff fell with tremendous effect on the left eye of Sir Bryan de Barreilles . “ Is it so ? ” cried the Knight , stunned ; but resisting the tendency to prostration produced by the stroke , and flinging a large silver flagon across the table , which missed Dr Howlet , and made a deep indentation in the skull of Maulerer of Phascald — “ Now , then ! ” Hasket of Norland attempted to hold Sir Bryan , and prevent his following up his attack ; and Mr Maulerer recovered sufficiently to fling the heavy candlestick at his assailant ; the branches of which hit the cheek of Hasket , while the massive bottom ejected the three front teeth of Sir Bryan . There was now no possibility of preventing the quarrel ; and while the four strangers were pounding each other with whatever weapons came first to hand , and Mr Peeper crept under the table for safety , and Reginald essayed to talk them into reason , Mr Lutter politely handed Jane to the door of the hall . “ Permit me , madam , to rescue you from this dreadful scene . ” “ Is it thus always ? ” enquired Jane , nearly weeping with fright . “ There are many things that may be improved in the castle , ” said Mr Lutter . “ I have seen the necessity of an alteration for a long time , and , if you will favour me with your assistance , much may be done . ” “ Oh ! I will help you to the utmost of my power . ” “ We must upset the influence of Mr Peeper , ” said Mr Lutter . “ May I speak to you on the subject to-morrow ? ” A month had passed since Jane 's arrival at Belfront Castle , and she had had many private and confidential conversations with Mr Lutter . The ominous eyes of Mr Peeper grew fiercer and fiercer , and she many times thought of coming to an open rupture with him at once ; but was deterred from doing so , by not yet having ascertained whether her influence over Reginald was sufficiently established to stand a contest with the authority of his ancient friend . She could not understand how her husband could have remained hoodwinked so long ; or how he had submitted to the despotic proceedings of his former tutor , who persisted in assembling the same airs of authority over him , as he had exercised when he was a child . Such , however , was evidently the case ; and Reginald had never entertained a thought of rescuing himself from the thraldom in which he had grown up . A look from Mr Peeper ; a solemn statement from him , that such and such things had never been heard of before in Belfront ; and , above all , the use of the muttered and unintelligible jargon to which Mr Peeper betook himself in matters of weight and difficulty , were quite sufficient : Reginald immediately gave up his own judgment , and felt in fact rather ashamed of himself for having hinted that he had a judgement at all . Under these circumstances , Mr Lutter had a very difficult part to play ; and all that Jane could do , was to second him whenever she had the opportunity . One day , in the lovely month of April , Phil Lorimer sat on a sunny part of the enornous wall that guarded the castle , and leaning his back against one of the little square towers that rose at intervals in the circuit of the fortifications , sang song after song , as if for the edification of a number of crows that were perched on the trees on the other side of the moat . The audience were grossly inattentive , and paid no respect whatever to the performer , who still continued his exertions , as highly satisfied as if he were applauded by boxes , pit , and gallery of a crowded theatre :— Among others , he sang the ballad of the “ Silver Scarf . ” “ It was a King 's fair daughter , With eyes of deepest blue , She wove a scarf of silver The whole long summer through — “ A stately chair she sat on Before the castle door , And ever in the calm moonlight She work 'd it o'er and o'er . “ And many a knight and noble Went daily out and in , And each one marvell 'd in his heart Which the fair scarf might win . “ She took no heed of questions , From her work ne'er raised her head , And on the snow-white border Sew 'd her name in blackest thread . “ Then came a tempest roaring , From the high hills it came , And bore the scarf far out to sea From forth its fragile frame : “ The maiden sate unstartled , As if it must be so — She stood up from her stately chair , And to her bower did go . “ She took from forth her wardrobe Her dress of mourning hue — Whoever for a scarf before Such weight of sorrow knew ? “ In robes of deepest mourning , Three nights and days she sate ; On the third night , the warder 's horn Was sounded at the gate — “ A messenger stands at the door , And sad news bringeth he ; The king and all his gallant ships Are wreck 'd upon the sea . “ And now the tide is rising , And casts upon the shore Full many a gallant hero 's corse , And many a golden store . “ Then up rose the king 's daughter , Drew to her window near ; ‘ What is it glitters on thine arm , In the moonlight so clear ? ’ “ ‘ It is a scarf of silver , I brought it from the strand ; I took it from the closed grasp Of a strong warrior 's hand . ’ “ That feat thou ne'er shouldst boast of If but alive were he ; Go take him back thy trophy To the blue rolling sea . “ And when that knight you 've buried , The scarf his grave shall grace ; And next to where you 've laid him , Oh , leave a vacant place ! ” “ Here , you cursed old piper ! leave off frightening the crows , and open the gate this moment . Who the devil , do you think , is to burst a bloodvessel by hollowing here all day ? ” Mr Lorimer , though used to considerable indignities , as we have already seen , had still a little of the becoming poetical pride about him , and looked rather angrily over the wall . “ Nobody wishes you to break bloodvessels , or have their own ears disturbed by your screaming , ” he said . “ What do you want ? ” “ To get into your infernal house , to be sure . Where did you get such unchristian roads ? My bones are sore with the jolting . Send somebody to open the gate . ” “ The drawbridge is up , and Mr Peeper must have his twopence . ” “ Who the devil is Mr Peeper ? ” said the stranger . “ I sha'n ' t give him a fraction . Who made the drawbridge his ? Is Mr Belfront at home ? ” “ Yes , he is in Mr Peeper 's study . ” “ And Mrs Belfront ? ” — “ Pickling cod . It is Mr Peeper 's favourite dish ; so we all live on it sometimes for weeks together . ” “ With such a trout-stream at your door ? He 'll be a cleverer fellow than I think him if he gets me to eat his salted carrion . Open the door , I say , or you 'll have the worst of it when my stick gets near your head . Tell Mrs Belfront her uncle is here — her Uncle Samson . ” Phil Lorimer saw no great resemblance to the Jewish Hercules in the little , dapper , bustling-mannered man in a blue coat with bright brass buttons , pepper-and-salt knee-breeches , and long gaiters , who thus proclaimed his relationship to the lady of the castle . He hurried down from the wall to make the required announcement . “ My uncle Samson , the manufacturer , from Leeds ! Oh , let him in , by all means ! ” exclaimed Jane ; “ he was always so kind to me when I was a child ! ” “ He can n't get in , madam , unless Mr Peeper orders the drawbridge to be lowered ; and he is now busy with Mr Belfront . ” “ Go for Mr Lutter ; he will be glad to hear of uncle Samson 's arrival . ” Mr Lorimer discovered Mr Lutter comfortably regaling himself in the buttery ; but on hearing in what respect his services were required , he left unfinished a large tankard of ale , with which he was washing down an enormous quantity of bread and cheese , and proceeded to the moat . “ Do n't disturb Mr Peeper , ” he said , “ but help me to launch the little punt . ” By dint of a little labour , the small vessel was got into the water , and Mr Lutter , taking a scull in his hand , paddled over to the other side , and embarked the gentleman in the blue coat . Paddling towards an undefended part of the castle , he taught him how to clamber up the wall ; and Mr Samson , wiping the stains of his climbing from the knees of his nether habiliments , looked round the castle-yard . “ Well ! who 'd have thought that such a monstrous strong-looking place should be stormed by a middle-aged gentleman in a punt ! ” “ You 've a friend in the garrison , you 'll remember , sir , and the battlements have never been repaired . ” “ They ai n't worth repairing . It 's a regular waste of building materials to make such thick walls and pinnacles . Blowed , if them stones would n't build a mill ; and a precious water-power , too , ” he added , as he saw the river sparkling downward at the northern side . “ Oho ! I must have a talk with Jane . Will you take me to Mrs Belfront ? I have n't seen her for five years . She must be much changed since then , and I must prepare her for the arrival of her cousins . ” Jane was sitting in the great hall , feeling disconsolate enough . Often , in her father 's comfortable parlour , she had read accounts of baronial residences of the olden time ; and one of the greatest pleasures she had felt in becoming Mrs Belfront , was to be the possessor of a real bona fide castle that had been actually a fortress in the days of knighthood . She had studied long ago the adventures of high-born dames and stately nobles , till she was nearly as far gone in romance as Don Quixote ; and many questions she had asked about Belfront , and donjon-towers , and keeps , and tiltyards , and laboured very hard to acquire a correct idea of the mode of life and manners of the days of chivalry . Her imagination , we have seen , was too lively to be restrained by the more matter-of-fact nature of her husband ; and she now felt with great bitterness the difference between presiding at a tournament , or being present at the Vow of the Peacock , and the slavish submission in which she , with the whole household , was held by Mr Pepper . Deeply she now regretted the feelings of superiority she had experienced over her own relations by her marriage into such an ancient race as the Belfronts . She felt ashamed of the contempt she had felt for the industrious founders of her own family 's wealth , and at that moment would have preferred the blue coat and brass buttons of her uncle Samson , to all the escutcheons and shields of the Norman conquest ; and at that moment , luckily , the identical coat and buttons made their appearance . “ Well , niece , here 's a go ! ” exclaimed the angry uncle . “ Is this a way to receive a near relation after such a journey ? ” “ Oh , uncle ! ” “ Why , did ye never hear tell of such a place as Kidderminster ?— have you no carpets ? ” “ Mr Belfront says there were no carpets in his ancestor 's time ” — “ And no railroads , nor postchaises , nor books , nor nothing ; and is that any reason why we should n't have lots of every thing now ? By dad , before I 've been here a week I 'll have a reg'lar French Revolution ! No Bastille ! says I ; let 's have a Turkey carpet , and a telescope dining-table , good roads , and no infernal punts — and , above all , let 's get quit of the villain Peeper . ” “ Oh ! if Reginald would only consent ! ” “ Why not ? by dad , I 'll make his fortune . I 'll give him a thousand a-year for the water-power that 's now all thrown away . I 'll have a nice village built down in the valley . I 'll get him two guineas an acre for his land that 's now lying waste . I 'll dig for coal . We 'll build a nice comfortable house , and leave this old ruin to the crows . ” “ And the neighbours , uncle Samson ? ” “ Why , we 'll build a church , and the parson will be a good companion . When the roads are made , you 'll give a jolly dinner once a-week to every squire within ten miles . You 'll have a book club . You 'll help in the Sunday school . You 'll go to the county balls . Your husband will join the agricultural society , and act as a magistrate . He 'll subscribe to the hounds . He 'll attend to the registrations . He 'll have shooting-parties in September . And as to any old-world , wretched talks about chivalry and antiquity , we 'll show him that there never was a time like the present — commerce , land , property , and intelligence , all in the very best condition . We 'll make Lutter superintendent of the whole estate , and send old Peeper about his business . And in all this you must help ; for there 's nothing to be done without the help of the ladies : so give me your hand , dear niece , and do n't cry . ” “ It would make me so happy ! I would never look into Amadis de Gaul again ! ” “ Hang Amadis de Gall and Amadi de Spurzheim , too ! Where is your husband ? ” “ I seldom see him now . He is always in the oratory with Mr Peeper . ” “ The deuce he is ! ” said the uncle . “ And how do you get on in other respects ? Are you comfortable — happy — contented ? ” Jane told him all she had encountered since she had come to the castle , and the uncle seemed thunderstruck at the recital . “ Well ! bold measures are always the best , ” he said at last ; “ I 'll kick Peeper into the moat ! ” and before his niece could interfere , the uncle had rushed across the quadrangle , guided , we are sorry to say , by Mr Lutter , and , grasping the venerable Peeper , whom he met near the drawbridge , he dragged him towards the water . Jane ran to get assistance for the unfortunate victim ; and crying “ Help ! help ! ” as she saw the wretched man forced over the walls , she looked in a state of distraction towards her husband . “ Dear Jane , ” said that individual , smiling blandly , “ I told you you had overtired yourself with walking . ” Jane gazed round ; there was Reginald sitting beside her , with her head reclining on his shoulder , at the open window of the inn in Wales . The vale of Cwmcwyllchly was spread in a beautiful landscape below . They were still on their wedding tour . “ You have been asleep , Jane , ” said Reginald . “ And have had such dreadful dreams . Oh , Reginald ! I have had such visions of horrid things and people . I shall never be romantic again about chivalry . Such coarseness !— such slavery !— such ignorance ! Ah , how happy we ought to be that we are born in a civilized time , with no Mr Peepers for father confessors , nor fighting with firebrands for amusement ! ” “ You have been reading Hallam 's Middle Ages — a present from your uncle Samson — till you have become a right-down Utilitarian . Come , let us ring for tea ; and to-morrow we must start for Yorkshire ! The Quarter-sessions are coming on . ” DUMAS IN HIS CURRICLE . We left M. Dumas at Marseilles : we find him again at Naples . Three volumes are the result of his visit to the last named city — volumes in which he manages to put a little of every thing , and a good deal of some things . Antiquarian , historian , virtuoso , novelist , he touches upon all subjects , flying from one to the other with a lightness and a facility of transition peculiarly his own , and peculiarly agreeable . English travellers and Italian composers , St Januarius and the opera , Masaniello and the gettatura , Pompeii , princes , police spies , Vesuvius , all have their turn — M. Dumas , with his usual tact , merely glancing at those subjects which are known and written about by every tourist , but giving himself full scope when he gets off the beaten track . His book is literally crammed with tales and anecdotes , to such a degree indeed , and most of them so good , that our principal difficulty in commencing a notice of it , is to know where to pick and choose our extracts ; l'embarras des richesses , in short . The best way will probably be to begin at the beginning , and go as far as our limits allow us , referring our readers to the original for the many good things that want of space will compel us to exclude . M. Dumas calls his book the Corricolo , and devotes a short and characteristic preface to an explanation of the title . This explanation we must give in his own words . It is so highly graphic , that , after reading it , we fancied we had seen a picture of what it describes . “ A corricolo is a sort of tilbury or gig , originally intended to hold one person , and be drawn by one horse . At Naples they harness two horses to it ; and it conveys twelve or fifteen individuals , not at a walk nor at a trot , but at full gallop , and this , notwithstanding that only one of the horses does any work . The shaft horse draws , but the other , which is harnessed abreast of him , and called the bilancino , prances and curvets about , animates his companion , but does nothing else . “ Having said that the gig built to carry one is made to carry fifteen , I am , of course , expected to explain how this is accomplished . There is an old French proverb , according to which , when there is enough for one there is enough for two ; but I am not aware of any proverb in any language which says , that when there is enough for one , there is enough for fifteen . Nevertheless , it is the case with the corricolo . In the present advanced state of civilization , every thing is diverted from its primitive destination . As it is impossible to say at what period , or in how long a time , the capacity of the vehicle in question was extended in the ratio of one to fifteen , I must content myself with describing the way of packing the passengers . “ In the first place , there is almost invariably a fat greasy monk seated in the middle , forming the centre of a sort of coil of human creatures . On one of his knees is some robust rosy-cheeked nurse from Aversa or Nettuno ; on the other , a handsome peasant woman from Bauci or Procida . On either side of him , between the wheels and the body of the vehicle , stand the husbands of these two ladies . Standing on tiptoe behind the monk is the driver , holding in his left hand the reins , and in his right the long whip with which he keeps his horses at an equal rate of speed . Behind him are two or three lazzaroni , who get up and down , go away , and are succeeded by others , without any body taking notice of them , or expecting them to pay for their ride . On the shafts are seated two boys , picked up on the road from Torre del Greco or Pouzzoles , probably supernumerary ciceroni of the antiquities of Herculaneum and Pompeii . Finally , suspended under the carriage , in a sort of coarse rope network with large meshes , which swings backwards and forwards at every movement of the vehicle , is a shapeless and incomprehensible mass , which cries , laughs , sings , screams , shouts , and bellows , all by turns and none for long together , and the nature of which it is impossible to distinguish , dimly seen as it is through the clouds of dust raised by the horses ’ feet . This mass consists of three or four children , who belong to Heaven knows who , are going Heaven knows where , live Heaven knows how , and are there Heaven knows wherefore . “ Now then , put down , one above the other , monk , women , husbands , driver , lazzaroni , boys and children ; add them up , include the infant in arms , which has been forgotten , and the total will be fifteen . “ It sometimes happens that the coricolo passes over a big stone , and upsets , pitching out its occupants to a greater or less distance , according to their respective gravity . But , on such occasions , nobody thinks of himself ; the attention of every one is immediately turned to the monk . If he is hurt , the journey is over for the day ; they carry him to the nearest house ; the horses are put into the stable , and he is put to bed ; the women nurse him , make much of him , cry and pray over him . If , on the other hand , the monk is safe and sound , nobody has a right to complain ; he resumes his seat , the nurse and the peasant woman resume theirs , the others climb up into their respective places — a crack of the long whip , and a shout from the driver , and the corricolo is off again full speed . ” From this we learn what a corricolo is , but we have not yet been told why M. Dumas should christen his book after the degenerate descendant of the Roman curriculum . Patience — we shall get to it in time . Materials crowd upon our traveller , and it is only in the second chapter that the desired explanation is given . In the first we are informed of M. Dumas 's installation at the Hotel Vittoria , kept by M. Martin Zill , who , besides being an innkeeper , is a man of much taste in art , a distinguished antiquary , an amateur of pictures , a collector of autographs and curiosities . Apropos of the hotel we have an anecdote of the ex-dey of Algiers , who , on being dispossessed of his dominions by the French , took refuge at Naples , and established himself under M. Zill 's hospitable roof . The third floor was entirely occupied by his suite and attendants , the fourth was for himself and his treasures , the fifth , or the garrets , he converted into his harem . The curious arms , costumes , and jewels which Hussein Pacha had brought with him , were a godsend to the virtuoso weary of examining and admiring them ; and , before the African had been a week in the house , he and his host were sworn friends . Unfortunately this harmony was not destined to last very long . “ One morning Hussein Pacha 's cook ( a Nubian as black as ink , and as shining as if he had been polished with a shoe-brush ) entered the kitchen of the hotel , and asked for the largest knife they had . The head-cook gave him a sort of carving-knife , some eighteen inches long , sharp as a razor , and pliant as a foil . The negro looked at it , shook his head as if in doubt whether it would do , but nevertheless took it up stairs with him . Presently he brought it down again , and asked for a larger one . The cook opened all his drawers , and at last found a sort of cutlass , which he hardly ever used on account of its enormous size . With this the Nubian appeared more satisfied , and again went up stairs . Five minutes afterwards he came down for the third time , and returned the knife , asking for a bigger one still . The cook 's curiosity was excited , and he enquired who wanted the knife , and for what purpose . “ The African told him very coolly that the dey , having left his dominions rather in a hurry , had forgotten to bring an executioner with him , and had consequently ordered his cook to get a large knife and cut off the head of Osmin , chief of the eunuchs , who was convicted of having kept such negligent watch and ward over his highness 's seraglio , that some presumptuous Giaour had made a hole in the wall , and established a communication with Zaida , the dey 's favourite odalisque . Accordingly Osmin was to be decapitated ; and as to the offending lady , the next time the dey took an airing in the bay of Naples , she would be put into the boat in a sack , and consigned to the keeping of the kelpies . Thunderstruck at such summary proceedings , the cook desired his Nubian brother to wait while he went for a larger knife ; then hastening to M. Martin Zill , he told him what he had just heard . “ M. Martin Zill ran to the minister of police , and laid the matter before him . His excellency got into his carriage and went to call upon the dey . He found his highness reclining upon a divan , his back supported by cushions , smoking latakia in a chibouque , while an icoglan scratched the soles of his feet , and two slaves fanned him . The minister made his three salaams ; the dey nodded his head . “ ‘ Your highness , ’ said his excellency , ‘ I am the minister of police . ’ “ ‘ I know you are , ’ answered the dey . “ ‘ Then your highness probably conjectures the motive of my visit . ’ “ ‘ No . But you are welcome all the same . ’ “ ‘ I come to prevent your highness from committing a crime . ’ “ ‘ A crime ! And what crime ? ’ said the dey , taking the pipe from his mouth , and gazing at his interlocutor in the most profound astonishment . “ ‘ I wonder your highness should ask the question , ’ replied the minister . ‘ Is it not your intention to cut off Osmin 's head ? ’ “ ‘ That is no crime , ’ answered the dey . “ ‘ Does not your highness purpose throwing Zaida into the sea ? ’ “ ‘ That is no crime , ’ repeated the dey . ‘ I bought Osmin for five hundred piasters , and Zaida for a thousand sequins , just as I bought this pipe for a hundred ducats . ’ “ ‘ Well , ’ said the minister , ‘ what does your highness deduce from that ? ’ “ ‘ That as this pipe belongs to me , as I have bought it and paid for it , I may break it to atoms if I choose , and nobody has a right to object . ’ So saying , the pacha broke his pipe , and threw the fragments into the middle of the room . “ ‘ All very well , as far as a pipe goes , ’ said the minister ; ‘ but Osmin , but Zaida ? ’ “ ‘ Less than a pipe , ’ said the dey gravely . “ ‘ How ! less than a pipe ! A man less than a pipe ! A woman less than a pipe ! ’ “ ‘ Osmin is not a man , and Zaida is not a woman : they are slaves . I will cut off Osmin 's head , and throw Zaida into the sea . ’ “ ‘ No ! ’ said the magistrate . ‘ Not at Naples at least . ’ “ ‘ Dog of a Christian ! ’ shouted the dey , ‘ do you know who I am ? ’ “ ‘ You are the ex-dey of Algiers , and I am the Neapolitan minister of police ; and , if your deyship is impertinent , I shall send him to prison , ’ added the minister very coolly . “ ‘ To prison ! ’ repeated the dey , falling back upon his divan . “ ‘ To prison , ’ replied the minister . “ ‘ Very well , ’ said Hussein . ‘ I leave Naples to-night . ’ “ ‘ Your highness is as free as air to go and to come . Nevertheless , I must make one condition . Before your departure , you will swear by the Prophet , that no harm shall be done to Osmin or Zaida . ’ “ ‘ Osmin and Zaida belong to me , and I shall do what I please with them . ’ “ ‘ Then your highness will be pleased to deliver them over to me , to be punished according to the laws of the country ; and , until you do so , you will not be allowed to leave Naples . ’ “ ‘ Who will prevent me ? ’ “ ‘ I will . ’ “ The pacha laid his hand on his dagger . The minister stepped to the window and made a sign . The next moment the tramp of heavy boots and jingle of spurs were heard upon the stairs ; the door opened , and a gigantic corporal of gendarmes made his appearance , his right hand raised to his cocked hat , his left upon the seam of his trouser . “ ‘ Gennaro , ’ said the minister of police , ‘ if I gave you an order to arrest this gentleman , would you see any difficulty in executing it ? ’ “ ‘ None , your excellency . ’ “ ‘ You are aware that this gentleman 's name is Hussein Pacha . ’ “ ‘ I was not , your excellency . ’ “ ‘ And that he is dey of Algiers . ’ “ ‘ May it please your excellency , I do n't know what that is . ’ “ ‘ You see ? ’ said the minister , turning to the dey . “ ‘ The devil ! exclaimed Hussein . “ ‘ Shall I ? ’ said Gennaro , taking a pair of handcuffs from his pocket , and advancing a pace towards the dey , who , on his part , took a step backwards . “ ‘ No , ’ replied the minister , ‘ it will not be necessary . His highness will do as he is bid . Go and search the hotel for a man named Osmin , and a woman named Zaida , and take them both to the prefecture . ’ “ ‘ What ! ’ cried the dey ; ‘ this man is to enter my harem ? ’ “ ‘ He is not a man , ’ replied the minister ; ‘ he is a corporal of gendarmes . But if you do not wish him to go , send for Osmin and Zaida yourself . ’ “ ‘ Will you promise to have them punished ? ’ enquired the dey . “ ‘ Certainly ; according to the utmost rigour of the law . ’ “ Hussein Pacha clapped his hands . A door concealed behind a tapestry was opened , and a slave entered the room . “ ‘ Bring down Osmin and Zaida , ’ said the dey . “ The slave crossed his hands on his breast , bowed his head , and disappeared without uttering a word . The next instant he came back with the two culprits . “ The eunuch was a little round fat fellow , with beardless face , and small hands and feet . Zaida was a beautiful Circassian , her eyelids painted with kool , her teeth blackened with betel , her nails reddened with henna . On perceiving Hussein Pacha , the eunuch fell upon his knees ; Zaida raised her head . The dey 's eyes flashed , and he clutched the hilt of his kangiar . Osmin grew pale ; Zaida smiled . The minister of police made a sign to the gendarme , who stepped up to the two captives , handcuffed them , and led them out of the room . As the door closed behind them , the dey uttered a sound between a sigh and a roar . “ The magistrate looked out of the window , till he saw the prisoners and their escort disappear at the corner of the Strada Chiatamone . Then turning to the dey — “ ‘ Your highness is now at liberty to leave Naples , if he wishes so to do , ’ said the imperturbable functionary with a low bow . “ ‘ This very instant ! ’ cried Hussein . ‘ I will not remain another moment in such a barbarous country as yours . ’ “ ‘ A pleasant journey to your highness , ’ said the minister . “ ‘ Go to the devil ! ’ retorted Hussein . “ Before an hour had elapsed , the dey had chartered a small vessel , on board of which he embarked the same evening with his suite , his wives , and his treasures ; and at midnight he set sail ; cursing the tyranny that prevented a man from drowning his wife and cutting off the heads of his slaves . The next day the minister of police had the culprits brought before him and examined . Osmin was found guilty of having slept when he ought to have watched , and Zaida of having watched when she ought to have slept . But , by some strange omission , the Neapolitan code allots no punishment to such offences ; and , consequently , Osmin and Zaida , to their infinite astonishment , were immediately set at liberty . Osmin took to selling pastilles for a livelihood , and the lady got employment as dame de comptoir in a coffeehouse . As to the dey , he had left Naples with the intention of going to England , in which country , as he had been informed , a man is at liberty to sell his wife , if he may not drown her . He was taken ill , however , on the road , and obliged to stop at Leghorn , where he died . ” M. Dumas , not being in good odour with the Neapolitan authorities , on account of some supposed republican tendencies of his , is at Naples under an assumed name ; and , as it is uncertain how long he may be able to preserve his incognito , he is desirous of seeing all that is to be seen in as short a time as possible . He finds that Naples , independently of its suburbs , consists of three streets where every body goes , and five hundred streets where nobody goes . The three streets are , the Chiaja , the Toledo , and the Forcella ; the five hundred others are nameless — a labyrinth of houses , which might be compared to that of Crete , deducting the Minotaur , and adding the Lazzaroni . There are three ways of seeing Naples — on foot , in a corricolo or in a carriage . On foot , one goes every where , but one sees too much ; in a carriage , one only goes through the three principal streets , and one sees too little — the corricolo is the happy medium , the juste milieu , to which M. Dumas for once determines to adhere . Having made up his mind , he sends for his host , and enquires where he can hire a corricolo by the week or month . His host tells him he had better buy one , horse and all . To this plan M. Dumas objects the expense . “ ‘ It will cost you , ’ said M. Martin , after a momentary calculation in his head , ‘ it will cost you — the corricolo ten ducats , each horse thirty carlini , the harness a pistole ; in all , eighty French francs . ’ “ ‘ What ! for ten ducats I shall have a corricolo ? ’ “ ‘ A magnificent one . ’ “ ‘ New ? ’ “ ‘ Oh ! you are asking too much . There are no such things as new corricoli . There is a standing order of the police forbidding coachmakers to build them . ’ “ ‘ Indeed ! How long has that order been in force ? ’ “ ‘ Fifty years , perhaps . ’ “ ‘ How comes it , then , that there is such a thing as a corricolo in existence ? ’ “ ‘ Nothing easier . You know the story of Jeannot 's knife ? ’ “ ‘ To be sure I do ; it is one of our national chronicles . The blade had been changed fifteen times , and the handle fifteen times , but it was still the same knife . ’ “ ‘ The case of the corricolo is exactly similar . It is forbidden to build new ones , but it is not forbidden to put new wheels to old bodies , and new bodies on old wheels . By these means the corricolo becomes immortal . ’ “ ‘ I understand . An old body and new wheels for me , if you please . But the horses ? Do you mean to say that for thirty francs I shall have a pair of horses ? ’ “ ‘ A superb pair , that will go like the wind . ’ “ ‘ What sort of horses ? ’ “ ‘ Oh , dead ones , of course ! ’ “ ‘ Dead ones ! ’ “ ‘ Certainly . At that price you could hardly expect any thing better . ’ “ ‘ My dear M. Martin , be kind enough to explain . I am travelling for my improvement , and information of all kinds is highly acceptable . ’ “ ‘ You are acquainted with the history of the horse , I suppose ? ’ “ ‘ The natural history ? Buffon 's ? Certainly . The horse is , after the lion , the noblest of all the beasts . ’ “ ‘ No , no ; the philosophical history . The different stages and vicissitudes in the existence of those noble quadrupeds . ’ “ ‘ Oh yes ! first the saddle , then a carriage or gig , thence to a stage-coach or omnibus , hackney-coach or cab , and finally — to the knacker 's . ’ “ ‘ And from the knacker 's ? ’ “ ‘ To the Elysian fields , I suppose . ’ “ ‘ No . Not here , at least . From the knacker 's they go to the corricoli . ’ “ ‘ How so ? ’ “ ‘ I will tell you . At the Ponte della Maddalena , where horses are taken to be killed , there are always persons waiting , who , when a horse is brought , buy the hide and hoofs for thirty carlini , which is the price regulated by law . Instead of killing the horse and skinning him , these persons take him with the skin on , and make the most of the time he yet has to live . They are sure of getting the skin sooner or later . And these are what I mean by dead horses . ’ “ ‘ But what can they possibly do with the unfortunate brutes ? ’ “ ‘ They harness them to the corricoli . ’ “ ‘ What ! those with which I came from Salerno to Naples ’ — “ ‘ Were the ghosts of horses ; spectre steeds , in short . ’ “ ‘ But they galloped the whole way . ’ “ ‘ Why not ? Les morts vont vite . ’ ” Et cetera , et cetera . For the price stated by his host , M. Dumas finds himself possessor of a magnificent corricolo of a bright red colour , with green trees and animals painted thereon . Two most fiery and impatient steeds , half concealed by harness , bells , and ribands , are included in his purchase . After a vain attempt to drive himself , the phantom coursers having apparently a supreme contempt for whipcord , he gives up the reins to a professional charioteer , and commences his perambulations . His first visit is to the Chiaja , the favourite promenade of the aristocracy and of foreigners ; his second to the Toledo , the street of shops and loungers ; his third to the Forcella , frequented by lawyers and their clients . He makes a chapter , and a long one too , out of each street ; but not in the way usually adopted by those pitiless tour-writers who overwhelm their readers with dry architectural details , filling a page with a portico , and a chapter with a chapel — not letting one off a pane of a painted window or line of worm-eaten inscription however often those things may have been described already by previous travellers . M. Dumas prefers men to things as subjects for his pen ; and the three chapters above named are filled with curious illustrations of Neapolitan manners , customs , and character . Apropos of the Toledo , we are introduced to the well-known impresario , Domenico Barbaja , who had his palazzo in that street , and who , from being waiter in a coffeehouse at Milan , became the manager of three theatres at one time , namely , San Carlo , La Scala , and the Vienna opera . He appears to have been a man of great energy and originality of character , concealing an excellent heart under the roughest manners and most choleric of tempers . “ It would be impossible , ” says M. Dumas , “ to translate into any language the abuse with which Barbaja used to overwhelm the singers and musicians at his theatres when they displeased him . Yet not one of them bore him malice for it , knowing that , if they had the least triumph , Barbaja would be the first to embrace and congratulate them : if they were unsuccessful , he would console them with the utmost delicacy : if they were ill , he would watch over them with the tenderness of a father or brother . The fortune which he had amassed , little by little , and by strenuous exertions , he spent in the most generous and princely manner . His palace , his villa , and his table , were open to all . “ His genius was of a peculiar and extraordinary kind . Education he had none : he was unable to write the commonest letter , and did not know a note of music ; yet he would give his composers the most valuable hints , and dictate with admirable skill the plan of a libretto . His own voice was of the harshest and most inharmonious texture ; but by his advice and instructions he formed some of the first singers in Italy . His language was a Milanese patois ; but he found means to make himself excellently understood by the kings and emperors , with whom he carried on negotiations upon a footing of perfect equality . It was a great treat to see him seated in his box at San Carlo , opposite that of the King of Naples , on the evening of a new opera ; with grave and impartial aspect , now turning his face to the actors , then to the audience . If a singer went wrong , Barbaja was the first to crush him with a severity worthy of Brutus . His ‘ Can de Dio ! ’ was shouted out in a voice that made the theatre shake and the poor actor tremble . If , on the other hand , the public disapproved without reason , Barbaja would start up in his box and address the audience . ‘ Figli d'una racca ! ’ ‘ Will you hold your tongues ? You do n't deserve good singers . ’ If by chance the King himself omitted to applaud at the right time , Barbaja would shrug his shoulders and go grumbling out of his box . “ With all his peculiarities , he it was who formed and brought forward Lablache , Tamburini , Rubini , Donzelli , Colbran , Pasta , Fodor , Donizetti , Bellini , and the great Rossini himself , whose masterpieces were composed for Barbaja . It is impossible to form an idea of the amount of entreaties , stratagems , and even violence , expended by the impresario to make Rossini work . I will give an example of it , which is highly characteristic both of the manager and of the greatest and happiest , but most insouciant and idle , musical genius that ever drew breath under the bright sky of Italy . ” We are sorry to tantalize our readers , but we have not space for the story that follows . It relates to the opera of Othello , which was composed by Rossini in an incredibly short time , whilst a prisoner in an apartment of Barbaja 's house . For nearly six months had the composer been living vith the manager , entertaining his friends at his well-spread table , drinking his choicest wines , and occupying his best rooms — all this under promise of producing a new opera within the half-year , a promise which he showed little disposition to fulfil . Barbaja was in a fever of anxiety , and finding remonstrance unavailing , had recourse to stratagem . One morning , when Rossini was about to start on a party of pleasure , he found his doors secured outside ; and , on putting his head out of the window , was informed by Barbaja that he must remain captive until his ransom was paid . The ransom , of course , was the opera . Rossini subsequently revenges himself on his tyrant in a very piquant manner ; and , finally , the morning after Othello has been performed with triumphant success , he starts for Bologna , taking with him , as travelling companion , the prima donna of the San Carlo theatre , Signora Colbran , whom he had privately married . All this is related very amusingly by M. Dumas , but at too great length for our limits . We have a naval combat in the second volume , in which a French frigate is attacked by two English line-of-battle ships , one of which she sinks , and receives in return the entire point-blank broadside of the other , a three-decker ; which broadside , we in our ignorance of nautical matters , should have thought sufficient to blow her either out of the water or under it . It has not that effect , however , and the frigate is captured ; the captain of her , when he has hauled down his flag in order to save the lives of his men , stepping into his cabin and blowing his brains out . All this is very pretty , whatever may be said of its probability . But there are two subjects on which the majority of Frenchmen indulge in most singular delusions . These are , their invincibility upon the sea , and the battle of Waterloo . M. Dumas has not escaped the national monomania . Our author is very hard upon the poor English in this book . He attacks them on all sides and with all weapons . Nelson and Lady Hamilton occupy a prominent position in his pages . The execution of Admiral Carraciolo , an undoubted blot on the character of our naval hero , is given in all its details , and with some little decorations and embellishments , for which we suspect that we have to thank our imaginative historian . Nelson 's weakness , the ascendency exercised over him by Lady Hamilton , or Emma Lyonna , as M. Dumas prefers styling her , her intimacy with the Queen of Naples , and subservient to the wishes and interests of the Neapolitan court , are all set forth in the most glowing colours . This is the heavy artillery , the round-shot and shell ; but M. Dumas is too skilful a general to leave any part of his forces unemployed , and does not omit to bring up his sharpshooters , and open a pretty little fire of ridicule upon English travellers in Italy , who , as it is well known , go thither to make the fortunes of innkeepers and purchase antiquities manufactured in the nineteenth century . Strange as it may appear , we should be heartily sorry if M. Dumas were to exchange his evident dislike of us for a more kindly feeling . We should then lose some of his best stories ; for he is never more rich and amusing than when he shows up the sons and daughters of le perfide Albion . In support of our assertion , take the following sketch :— “ During my stay at Naples an Englishman arrived there , and took up his quarters at the hotel at which I was stopping . He was one of those phlegmatic , overbearing , obstinate Britons , who consider money the engine with which every thing is to be moved and all things accomplished , the argument in short which nothing can resist . Money was every thing in his estimation of mankind ; talent , fame , titles , mere feathers that kicked the beam the moment a long rent-roll or inscription of three per cents were placed in the opposite scale . In proportion as men were rich or poor , did he esteem them much or little . Being very rich himself , he esteemed himself much . “ He had come direct to Naples by steam , and during the voyage had made this calculation : With money I shall say every thing , do every thing , and have every thing I please . He had not long to wait to find out his mistake . The steamer cast anchor in the port of Naples just half an hour too late for the passengers to land . The Englishman , who had been very sea-sick , and was particularly anxious to get on shore , sent to offer the captain of the port a hundred guineas if he would let him land directly . The quarantine laws of Naples are very strict ; the captain of the port thought the Englishman was mad , and only laughed at his offer . He was therefore obliged to sleep on board in an excessively bad humour , cursing alike those who made the regulations and those who enforced them . “ The first thing he did when he got on shore , was to set off to visit the ruins of Pompeii . There happened to be no regular guide at hand , so he took a lazzarone instead . He had not forgotten his disappointment of the night before , and all the way to Pompeii he relieved his mind by abusing King Ferdinand in the best Italian he could muster . The lazzarone , whom he had taken into his carriage , took no notice of all this so long as they were on the high-road . Lazzaroni , in general , meddle very little in politics , and do not care how much you abuse king or kaiser so long as nothing disrespectful is said of the Virgin Mary , St Januarius , or Mount Vesuvius . On arriving , however , at the Via dei Sepolchri , the ragged guide put his finger on his lips as a signal to be silent . But his employer either did not understand the gesture , or considered it beneath his dignity to take notice of it , for he continued his invectives against Ferdinand the Well-beloved . “ ‘ Pardon me , Eccellenza , ’ said the lazzarone at last , placing his hand upon the side of the barouche , and jumping out as lightly as a harlequin . ‘ Pardon me , Eccellenza , but I must return to Naples . ’ “ ‘ And why so ? ’ inquired the other in his broken Italian . “ ‘ Because I do not wish to be hung . ’ “ ‘ And who would dare to hang you ? ’ “ ‘ The king . ’ “ ‘ Why ? ’ “ ‘ Because you are speaking ill of him . ’ “ ‘ An Englishman has a right to say whatever he likes . ’ “ ‘ It may be so , but a lazzarone has not . ’ “ ‘ But you have said nothing . ’ “ ‘ But I hear everything . ’ “ ‘ Who will tell what you hear ? ’ “ ‘ The invalid soldier who accompanies us to visit Pompeii . ’ “ ‘ I do not want an invalid soldier . ’ “ ‘ Then you cannot visit Pompeii . ’ “ ‘ Not by paying ? ’ “ ‘ No . ’ “ ‘ But I will pay double , treble , four times , whatever they ask . ’ “ ‘ No , no , no . ’ “ ‘ Oh ! ’ said the Englishman , and he fell into a brown study , during which the lazzarone amused himself by trying to jump over his own shadow . “ ‘ I will take the invalid , ’ said the Englishman after a little reflection . “ ‘ Very good , ’ replied the lazzarone , ‘ we will take him . ’ “ ‘ But I shall say just what I please before him . ’ “ ‘ In that case I wish you a good morning . ’ “ ‘ No , no ; you must remain . ’ “ ‘ Allow me to give you a piece of advice then . If you want to say what you please before the invalid , take a deaf one . ’ “ ‘ Ooh ! ’ cried the Englishman , delighted with the advice , ‘ by all means a deaf one . Here is a piaster for you for having thought of it . ’ The lazzarone ran to the guard-house , and soon returned with an old soldier who was as deaf as a post . “ They began the usual round of the curiosities , during which the Englishman continued calling King Ferdinand any thing but a gentleman , of all which the invalid heard nothing , and the lazzarone took no notice . They visited the Via dei Sepolchri , the houses of Diomedes and Cicero . At last they came to Sallust 's house , in one of the rooms of which was a fresco that hit the Englishman 's fancy exceedingly . He immediately sat down , took a pencil and a blank book from his pocket , and began copying it . He had scarcely made a stroke , however , when the soldier and the lazzarone approached him . The former was going to speak , but the latter took the words out of his mouth . “ ‘ Eccellenza , ’ said he , ‘ it is forbidden to copy the fresco . ’ “ ‘ Oh ! ’ said the Englishman , ‘ I must make this copy . I will pay for it . ’ “ ‘ It is not allowed , even if you pay . ’ “ ‘ But I will pay ten times its value if necessary ; I must copy it , it is so funny . ’ “ ‘ If you do , the invalid will put you in the guard-room . ’ “ ‘ Pshaw ! An Englishman has a right to draw any thing he likes . ’ And he went on with his sketch . The invalid approached him with an inexorable countenance . “ ‘ Pardon me , Eccellenza , ’ said the lazzarone ; ‘ but would you like to copy not only this fresco , but as many more as you please ? ’ “ ‘ Certainly I should , and I will too . ’ “ ‘ Then , let me give you a word of advice . Take a blind invalid . ’ “ ‘ Ooh ! ’ cried the Englishman , still more enchanted with this second hint than with the first . ‘ By all means , a blind invalid . Here are two piasters for the idea . ’ “ They left Sallust 's house , the deaf man was paid and discharged , and the lazzarone went to the guard-room , and brought back an invalid who was stone-blind and led by a black poodle . “ The Englishman wished to return immediately to continue his drawing , but the lazzarone persuaded him to delay it , in order to avoid exciting suspicion . They continued their rambles , therefore , guided by the invalid , or rather by his dog , who displayed a knowledge of Pompeii that might have qualified him to become a member of the antiquarian society . After visiting the blacksmith 's shop , Fortunata 's house , and the public oven , they returned to the abode of Sallust , where the Englishman finished his sketch , while the lazzarone chatted with the blind man , and kept him amused . Continuing their lounge , he made a number of other drawings , and in a couple of hours his book was half full . “ At last they arrived at a place where men were digging . There had been discovered a number of small busts and statues , bronzes , and curiosities of all kinds , which , as soon as they were dug up , were carried into a neighbouring house , and had his attention speedily attracted by a little statue of a satyr about six inches high . ‘ Oh ! ’ cried he , ‘ I shall buy this figure . ’ “ ‘ The king of Naples does not wish to sell it , ’ replied the lazzarone . “ ‘ I will give its weight in sovereigns — double its weight even . ’ “ ‘ I tell you it is not to be sold , ’ persisted the lazzarone ; ‘ but , ’ added he , changing his tone , ‘ I have already given your excellence two pieces of advice which you liked , I will now give you a third : Do not buy the statue — steal it . ’ “ ‘ Oh — oh ! that will be very original , and we have a blind invalid too . Capital ! ’ “ ‘ Yes , but the invalid has a dog , who has two good eyes and sixteen good teeth , and who will fly at you if you so much as touch any thing with your little finger . ’ “ ‘ I 'll buy the dog , and hang him . ’ “ ‘ Do better still ; take a lame invalid . Then , as you have seen nearly every thing here , put the figure in your pocket and run away . He may call out as much as he likes , he will not be able to run after you . ’ “ ‘ Ooh ! ’ cried the Englishman , in convulsions of delight , ‘ here are three piasters for you . Fetch me a lame invalid . ’ “ And in order not to excite the suspicions of the blind man and his dog , he left the house , and pretended to be examining a fountain made of shell-work , while the lazzarone went for a third guide . In a quarter of an hour he returned , accompanied by an invalid with two wooden legs . They gave the blind man three carlini , two for him and one for his dog , and sent him away . “ The theatre and the temple of Isis were all that now remained to be seen . After visiting them , the Englishman , in the most careless tone he could assume , said he should like to return to the house in which were deposited the produce of the researches then making . The invalid , without the slightest suspicion , conducted them thither , and they entered the apartment in which the curiosities were arranged on shelves nailed against the wall . “ While the Englishman lounged about , pretending to be examining every thing with the greatest interest , the lazzarone busied himself in fastening a stout string across the doorway , at the height of a couple of feet from the ground . When he had done this , he made a sign to the Englishman , who seized the little statue that he coveted from under the very nose of the astounded invalid , put it into his pocket , and , jumping over the string , ran off as hard as he could , accompanied by the lazzarone . Darting through the Stabian gate , they found themselves on the Salerno road — an empty hackney-coach was passing , the Englishman jumped in , and had soon rejoined his carriage , which was waiting for him in Via dei Sepolchri . Two hours after he had left Pompeii he was at Torre del Greco , and in another hour at Naples . “ As to the invalid , he at first tried to step over the cord fastened across the door , but the height at which the lazzarone had fixed it was too great for wooden legs to accomplish . He then endeavoured to untie it , but with no better success ; for the lazzarone had fastened it in a knot compared to which the one of Gordian celebrity would have appeared a mere slip-knot . Finally , the old soldier , who had perhaps read of Alexander the Great , determined to cut what he could not untie , and accordingly drew his sword . But the sword in its best days had never had much edge , and now it had none at all ; so that the Englishman was halfway to Naples whilst the invalid was still sawing away at his cord . “ The same evening the Englishman left Naples on board a steamboat , and the lazzarone was lost in the crowd of his comrades ; the six plasters he had got from his employer enabling him to live in what a lazzarone considers luxury for nearly as many months . “ The Englishman had been twelve hours at Naples , and had done the three things that are most expressly forbidden to be done there . He had abused the king , copied frescoes , and stolen a statue , and all owing , not to his money , but to the ingenuity of a lazzarone . ” The lazzarone is a godsend for M. Dumas , an admirable peg upon which to hang his quaint conceit and sly satire ; and he is accordingly frequently introduced in the course of the three volumes . We must make room for one more extract , in which he figures in conjunction with his friend the sbirro or gendarme , who before being invested with a uniform , and armed with carbine , pistols , and sabre , has frequently been a lazzarone himself , and usually preserves the instincts and tastes of his former station . The result of this is a coalition between the lazzarone and the sbirro — law-breaker and law-preserver uniting in a systematic attack upon the pockets of the public . “ I was one day passing down the Toledo , when I saw a sbirro arrested . Like La Fontaine 's huntsman , he had been insatiable , and his greediness brought its own punishment . This is what had happened . “ A sbirro had caught a lazzarone in the fact . “ ‘ What did you steal from that gentleman in black , who just went by ? ’ he demanded he . “ ‘ Nothing , your excellency , ’ replied the lazzarone . A lazzarone always addresses a sbirro as eccellenza . “ ‘ I saw your hand in his pocket . ’ “ ‘ His pocket was empty . ’ “ ‘ What ! Not a purse , a snuff-box , a handkerchief ? ’ “ ‘ Nothing , please your excellency . It was an author . ’ “ ‘ Why do you go to those sort of people ? ’ “ ‘ I found out my mistake too late . ’ “ ‘ Come along with me to the police-office . ’ “ ‘ But , your excellency — since I have stolen nothing ? ’ “ ‘ Idiot , that 's the very reason . If you had stolen something , we might have arranged matters . ’ “ ‘ Only wait till next time . I shall not always be so unfortunate . I promise you the contents of the pocket of the next person who passes . ’ “ ‘ Very good ; but I will select the individual , or else you will be making a bad choice again . ’ “ ‘ As your excellency pleases . ’ “ The sbirro folded his arms in a most dignified manner , and leaned his back against a post ; the lazzarone stretched himself on the pavement at his feet . A priest came by , then a lawyer , then a poet ; but the sbirro made no sign . At last there appeared a young officer , dressed in brilliant uniform , who passed gaily along , humming between his teeth a tune out of the last opera . The sbirro gave the signal . Up sprang the lazzarone and followed the officer . Both disappeared round a corner . Presently the lazzarone returned with his ransom in his hand . “ ‘ What have you got there ? ’ said the sbirro . “ ‘ A handkerchief , ’ replied the other . “ ‘ Is that all ? ’ “ ‘ That all ! It is of the finest cambric . ’ “ ‘ Had he only one ? '[ 11 ] [ 11 ] At Naples , it is customary to carry two handkerchiefs , one of silk , and the other of cambric ; the latter being used to wipe the forehead . “ ‘ Only one in that pocket . ’ “ ‘ And in the other ? ’ “ ‘ In the other he had a silk handkerchief . ’ “ ‘ Why did n't you bring it ? ’ “ ‘ I keep that for myself , excellency . It is fair that we should divide the profits . One pocket for you , the other for me . ’ “ ‘ I have a right to both , and I must have the silk handkerchief . ’ “ ‘ But , your excelleilcy ’ —— “ ‘ I must have the silk handkerchief . ’ “ ‘ It is an injustice . ’ “ ‘ Ha ! Do you dare speak ill of his majesty 's sbirri ? Come along to prison . ’ “ ‘ You shall have the silk handkerchief , your excellency . ’ “ ‘ How will you find the officer again ? ’ “ ‘ He is gone to pay a visit in the Strada de Foria . I will go and wait for him at the door . ’ “ The lazzarone walked away , turned the corner of the street , and established himself in the recess of a doorway . Presently the young officer came out of a house opposite , and before he had gone ten paces , put his hand in his pocket , and found he was minus a handkerchief . “ ‘ Pardon me , excellency , ’ said the lazzarone , stepping up to him ; ‘ you have lost something , I think ? ’ “ ‘ I have lost a cambric handkerchief . ’ “ ‘ Your excellency has not lost it ; it has been stolen from him . ’ “ ‘ And who stole it ? ’ “ ‘ What will your excellency give me if I find him the thief ? ’ “ ‘ I will give you a piastre . ’ “ ‘ I must have two . ’ “ ‘ You shall . Hallo ! What are you doing ? ’ “ ‘ I am stealing your silk handkerchief . ’ “ ‘ In order to find my cambric one ? ’ “ ‘ Yes . ’ “ ‘ And where will both of them be ? ’ “ ‘ In the same pocket . The person to whom I shall give this handkerchief is the same to whom I have already given the other . Follow me , and observe what I do . ’ “ The officer followed the lazzarone , who gave the handkerchief to the sbirro , and walked away . The latter had hardly put his prize in his pocket when the officer came up and seized him by the collar . The sbirro fell on his knees , but the officer was inexorable , and he was sent to prison . As the sbirro had himself been a lazzarone , he saw at once the trick that had been played him . He wanted to cheat his confederate , and his confederate had cheated him ; but far from bearing him malice for having done so , the sbirro views the conduct of the lazzarone in the light of an exploit , and feels an additional respect for him in consequence . When he is released from prison , he will seek him out , and they will be hand and glove together . When that time comes , look to your pockets . ” We are introduced to Ferdinand IV . of Naples , King Nasone , as the lazzaroni nicknamed him ; also to Padre Rocco , a popular preacher , and the idol of the lower classes of Neapolitans ; and to Cardinal Perelli , remarkable for his simplicity , which quality , as may be supposed , loses nothing in passing through the hands of his present biographer . With his usual skill , M. Dumas glides from a ticklish story of which the cardinal is the hero , ( a story that he does not tell , for which forbearance we give him due credit , since he is evidently sorely tempted thereto ,) to an account of the Vardarelli , a band of outlaws which for some time infested Calabria and the Capitanato . “ Gaetano Vardarelli was a native of Calabria , and one of the earliest members of the revolutionary society of the Carbonari . When Murat , after for some time favouring that society , began to persecute it , Vardarelli fled to Sicily , and took service under King Ferdinand . He was then twenty-six years of age , possessing the muscles and courage of a lion , the agility of a chamois , the eye of an eagle . Such a recruit was not to be despised , and he was made sergeant in the Sicilian guards . On Ferdinand 's restoration in 1815 , he followed him to Naples ; but finding that he was not likely ever to rise above a very subordinate grade , he became disgusted with the service , deserted , and took refuge in the mountains of Calabria . There two of his brothers , and some thirty brigands and outlaws , assembled around him and elected him their chief , with right of life and death over them . He had been a slave in the town ; he found himself a king in the mountains . “ Proceeding according to the old formula observed by banditti chiefs both in Calabria and in melodramas , Vardarelli proclaimed himself redresser general of wrongs and grievances , and acted up to his profession by robbing the rich and assisting the poor . The consequence was , that he soon became exceedingly dreaded by the former , and exceedingly popular among the latter class ; and at last his exploits reached the ears of King Ferdinand himself , who was highly indignant at such goings on , and gave orders that the bandit should immediately be hung . But there are three things necessary to hang a man — a rope , a gallows , and the man himself . In this instance , the first two were easily found , but the third was unfortunately wanting . Gendarmes and soldiers were sent after Vardarelli , but the latter was too cunning for them all , and slipped through their fingers at every turn . His success in eluding pursuit increased his reputation , and recruits flocked to his standard . His band soon doubled its numbers , and its leader became a formidable and important person , which of course was an additional reason for the authorities to wish to capture him . A price was set on his head , large bodies of troops sent in search of him , but all in vain . One day the Prince of Leperano , Colonel Calcedonio , Major Delponte , with a dozen other officers , and a score of attendants , were hunting in a forest a few leagues from Bari , when the cry of ‘ Vardarelli ! ’ was suddenly heard . The party took to flight with the utmost precipitation , and all escaped except Major Delponte , who was one of the bravest , but , at the same time , one of the poorest , officers of the whole army . When he was told that he must pay a thousand ducats for his ransom , he only laughed , and asked where he was to get such a sum . Vardarelli then threatened to shoot him if it was not forthcoming by a certain day . The major replied that it was losing time to wait ; and that , if he had a piece of advice to give his captor , it was to shoot him at once . The bandit at first felt half inclined to do so ; but he reflected that the less Delponte cared about his life , the more ought Ferdinand to value it . He was right in his calculation ; for no sooner did the king learn that his brave major was in the hands of the banditti , than he ordered the ransom to be paid out of his privy purse , and the major recovered his freedom . “ But Ferdinand had sworn the extermination of the banditti with whom he was thus obliged to treat as from one potentate to another . A certain colonel , whose name I forget , and who had heard this vow , pledged himself , if a battalion were put under his command , to bring in Vardarelli , his two brothers , and the sixty men composing his troop , bound hand and foot , and to place them in the dungeons of the Vicaria . The offer was too good to be refused ; the minister of war put five hundred men at the disposal of the colonel , who started with them at once in pursuit of the outlaw . The latter was soon informed by his spies of this fresh expedition , and he also made a vow , to the effect that he would cure his pursuer , once and for all , of any disposition to interfere with the Vardarelli . “ He began by leading the poor colonel such a dance over hill and dale , that the unfortunate officer and his men were worn out with fatigue ; then , when he saw them in the state that he wished , he caused some false intelligence to be conveyed to them at two o'clock one morning . The colonel fell into the snare , and started immediately to surprise Vardarelli , whom he was assured was in a little village at the further extremity of a narrow pass , through which only four men could pass abreast . He made such haste that he marched four leagues in two hours , and at daybreak found himself at the entrance of the pass , which , however , seemed so peculiarly well adapted for an ambuscade , that he halted his battalion , and sent on twenty men to reconnoitre . In a quarter of an hour the twenty men returned . They had not met a single living thing . The colonel hesitated no longer , and entered the defile ; but , on reaching a spot about halfway through it , where the road widened out into a sort of platform surrounded by high rocks and steep precipices , a shout was suddenly heard , proceeding apparently from the clouds , and the poor colonel looking up , saw the summits of the rocks covered with brigands , who levelled their rifles at him and his soldiers . Nevertheless , he began forming up his men as well as the nature of the ground would permit , when Vardarelli himself appeared upon a projecting crag . ‘ Down with your arms , or you are dead men ! ’ he shouted in a voice of thunder . The bandits repeated his summons , and the echoes repeated their voices , so that the troops , who had not made the same vow as their colonel , and who thought themselves surrounded by greatly superior numbers , cried out for quarter , in spite of the entreaties and menaces of their unfortunate commander . Then Vardarelli , without leaving his position , ordered them to pile their arms , and march to two different places which he pointed out to them . They obeyed ; and Vardarelli , leaving twenty of his men in their ambush , came down with the remainder , who immediately proceeded to render the Neapolitan muskets useless ( for the moment at least ) by the same process which Gulliver employed to extinguish the conflagration of the palace at Lilliput . “ The news of this affair put the king in very bad humour for the first twenty-four hours ; after which time , however , the love of a joke overcoming his anger , he laughed heartily , and told the story to every one he saw ; and as there are always lots of listeners when a king narrates , three years elapsed before the poor colonel ventured to show his face at Naples and encounter the ridicule of the court . ” The general commanding in Calabria takes the matter rather more seriously , and vows the destruction of the banditti . By offers of large pay and privileges , they are induced to enter the Neapolitan service , and prove highly efficient as a troop of gendarmes . But the general cannot forget his old grudge against them ; although , for lack of an opportunity , and on account of the desperate character of the men , he is obliged to defer his revenge for some time . At last he succeeds in having their leaders assassinated , and by pretending great indignation , and imprisoning the perpetrators of the deed , he lulls the suspicions of the remaining bandits , who elect new officers , and on an appointed day , proceed to the town of Foggia to have their election confirmed . Only eight of them , apprehensive of treachery , refuse to accompany their comrades . The remaining thirty-one , and a woman who would not leave her husband , obey the general 's summons . “ It was a Sunday , the review had been publicly announced , and the square was thronged with spectators . The Vardarelli entered the town in perfect order , armed to the very teeth , but giving no sign of hostility or mistrust . On reaching the square , they raised their sabres , and with one voice exclaimed — ‘ Viva il Re ! ’ The general appeared on his balcony to acknowledge their salute . The aide-de-camp on duty came down to receive them , and after complimenting them on the beauty of their horses and good state of their arms , desired them to file past under the general 's window , which they did with a precision worthy of regular troops . They then formed up again in the middle of the square , and dismounted . “ The aide-de-camp went into the house again with the list of the three new officers ; the Vardarelli were standing by their horses , when suddenly there was a great confusion and movement in the crowd , which opened in various places , and down every street leading to the square , a column of Neapolitan troops was seen advancing . The Vardarelli were surrounded on all sides . Perceiving at once that they were betrayed , they sprang upon their horses and drew their sabres ; but at the same moment the general took off his hat , which was the signal agreed upon ; the command , ‘ Faccia in terra , ’ was heard , and the spectators , throwing themselves on their faces , the soldiers fired over them , and nine of the brigands fell to the ground , dead or mortally wounded . Those who were unhurt , seeing that they had no quarter to expect , dismounted , and forming a compact body , fought their way to an old castle in which they took refuge . Two only , trusting to the speed of their horses , charged the group of soldiers that appeared the least numerous , shot down two of them , and succeeded in breaking through the others and escaping . The woman owed her life to a similar piece of daring , effected , however , on another point of the enemy 's line . She broke through , and galloped off , after having discharged both her pistols with fatal effect . “ The attention of all was now turned to the remaining twenty Vardarelli , who had taken refuge in the ruined castle . The soldiers advanced against them , encouraging one another , and expecting to encounter an obstinate resistance ; but , to their surprise , they reached the gate of the castle without a shot being fired at them . The gate was soon beaten in , and the soldiers spread themselves through the halls and galleries of the old building . But all was silence and solitude ; the bandits had disappeared . “ After an hour passed in rummaging every corner of the place , the assailants were going away in despair , convinced that their prey had escaped them ; when a soldier , who was stooping down to look through the air-hole of a cellar , fell , shot through the body . “ The Vardarelli were discovered ; but still it was no easy matter to get at them . Instead of losing men by a direct attack , the soldiers blocked up the air-hole with stones , set a guard over it , and then going round to the door of the cellar , which was barricadoed on the inner side , they heaped lighted fagots and combustibles against it , so that the staircase was soon one immense furnace . After a time the door gave way , and the fire poured like a torrent into the retreat of the unfortunate bandits . Still a profound silence reigned in the vault . Presently two carbine shots were fired ; two brothers , determined not to fall alive into the hands of their enemies , had shot each other to death . A moment afterwards an explosion was heard ; a bandit had thrown himself into the flames , and his cartridge box had blown up . At last the remainder of the unfortunate men being nearly suffocated , and seeing that escape was impossible , surrendered at discretion , were dragged through the air-hole , and immediately bound hand and foot , and conveyed to prison . “ As to the eight who had refused to come to Foggia , and the two who had escaped , they were hunted down like wild beasts , tracked from cavern to cavern , and from forest to forest . Some were shot , others betrayed by the peasantry , some gave themselves up , so that , before the year was out , all the Vardarelli were dead or prisoners . The woman who had displayed such masculine courage , was the only one who finally escaped . She was never heard of afterwards . ” M. Dumas finds that the climate of Naples , delightful as it is , has nevertheless its little drawbacks and disadvantages . He returns one night from an excursion in the environs , and has scarcely got into bed , when he is almost blown out of it again by a tornado of tropical violence . “ At midnight , when we returned to Naples , the weather was perfect , the sky cloudless , the sea without a ripple . At three in the morning I was awakened by the windows of my room bursting open , their eighteen panes of glass falling upon the floor with a frightful clatter . I jumped out of bed , and felt that the house was shaking . I thought of Pliny the Elder , and having no desire for a similar fate , I hastily pulled on my clothes and hurried out into the corridor . My first impulse had apparently been that of all the inmates of the hotel , who were all standing , more or less dressed , at the doors of their apartments ; amongst others , Jadin , who made his appearance with a phosphorus box in his hand , and his dog Milord at his heels . ‘ What a terrible draught in the house ! ’ said he to me . This same draught , as he called it , had just carried off the roof of the Prince of San Feodoro 's palace , including the garrets and several servants who were sleeping in them . “ My first thought had been of an eruption of Vesuvius , but there was no such luck for us ; it was merely a hurricane . A hurricane at Naples , however , is rather different from the same thing in any other European country . “ Out of the seventy windows of the hotel , three only had escaped damage . The ceilings of seven or eight rooms were rent across . There was a crack extending from top to bottom of the house . Eight shutters had been carried away , and the servants were running down the street after them , just as one runs after one 's hat on a windy day . The broken glass was swept away ; as for sending for glaziers to mend the windows , it was out of the question . At Naples nobody thinks of disturbing himself at three in the morning . Besides , even had new panes been put in , they would soon have shared the fate of the old ones . We were obliged , therefore , to manage as well as we could with the shutters . I was tolerably lucky , for I had only lost one of mine . I went to bed again , and tried to sleep ; but a storm of thunder and lightning soon rendered that impossible , and I took refuge on the ground-floor , where the wind had done less damage . Then began one of those storms of which we have no idea in the more northern parts of Europe . It was accompanied by a deluge such as I had never witnessed , except perhaps in Calabria . In an instant the Villa Reale appeared to be a part of the sea ; the water came up to the windows of the ground-floor , and flooded the parlours . A minute afterwards , the servants came to tell M. Zill that his cellars were full , and his casks of wine floating about and staving one another . Presently we saw a jackass laden with vegetables come swimming down the street , carried along by the current . He was swept away into a large open drain , and disappeared . The peasant who owned him , and who had also been carried away , only saved himself from a like fate by clinging to a lamp-post . In one hour there fell more water than there falls in Paris during the two wettest months in the year . “ Two hours after the cessation of the rain , the water had disappeared , and I then perceived the use of this kind of deluge . The streets were clean ; which they never are in Naples except after a flood of this sort . ” One short anecdote , and we have done . After a long account of St Januarius , including the well-known miracle of the liquefaction of his blood , and some amusing illustrations of his immense popularity with the Neapolitans , M. Dumas , in two pithy lines , gives us the length , breadth , and thickness of a lazzarone 's religion . “ I was one day in a church at Naples , ” he says , “ and I heard a lazzarone praying aloud . He entreated God to intercede with St Januarius to make him win in the lottery . ” On the whole , we think this one of the most amusing of M. Dumas 's works , very light and sketchy , as is evident from our extracts ; but at the same time giving a great deal of information concerning Naples , its environs , inhabitants , and customs , of much interest , and calculated to be highly useful to the traveller . It is also very free from a fault with which we taxed its author in a former paper , and we can scarcely call to mind a single line which it would be necessary to expunge , in order to render it fit reading for the most fastidious . As far as we ourselves are concerned , we heartily wish M. Dumas would travel over all the kingdoms of the earth , and write a book about each of them ; and if he is as good company in a post-chaise as his books are at the chimney-corner , there are few things we should like better than to accompany him on his pilgrimage . MARSTON ; OR , THE MEMOIRS OF A STATESMAN . PART IX . “ Have I not in my time heard lions roar ? Have I not heard the sea , puft up with wind , Rage like an angry boar chafed with sweat ? Have I not heard great ordnance in the field , And heaven 's artillery thunder in the skies ? Have I not in the pitched battle heard Loud ‘ larums , neighing steeds , and trumpets clang ? ” SHAKSPEARE . The market-place was lighted up , and filled with dragoons . Leaving my hulans under cover of a dark street , and riding forward to reconnoitre , I saw with astonishment the utter carelessness with which they abandoned themselves to their indulgences in the midst of an irritated population . Some were drinking on horseback ; some had thrown themselves on the benches of the market , and were evidently intoxicated . The people stood at the corners of the streets looking on , palpably in terror , yet as palpably indignant at the outrage of the military . From the excessive blaze in some of the windows , and the shrieks of females , I could perceive that plunder was going on , and that the intention was , after having ransacked the place , to set it on fire . Yet a strong body of cavalry mounted in the middle of the square , and keeping guard round a waggon on which a guillotine had been already erected , still made me feel that an attack would be hopeless . I soon saw a rush of the people from one of the side streets ; a couple of dragoon helmets were visible above the crowd ; and three or four carts followed , filled with young females in white robes and flowers , as if dressed for a ball . I gazed intently , to ascertain the meaning of this strange and melancholy spectacle . At this moment I felt my horse 's bridle pulled , and saw the old noble at his head . “ Now or never ! ” he cried , in a voice almost choked with emotion . “ Those are destined for the guillotine . Barbarians ! brigands !— they will murder my Amalia . ” He sank before me . “ What ! is this an execution ? ” I exclaimed . His answer was scarcely above a whisper , for he seemed fainting . “ The villains have been sent , ” said he , “ to burn the town ; they have seized those children of our best families , compelled them to dress as they were dressed for the Prussian ball , and are now about to murder them by their accursed guillotine . ” Pointing to one lovely girl , who , pale as death , stood in the foremost of those vehicles of death , he exclaimed “ Amalia ! O , my Amalia ! ” The cart was already within a few feet of the scaffold when I gave the word to my troopers . The brave fellows answered my “ Forward ! ” with a shout , charged sabre in hand , and in an instant had thrown themselves between the victims and the scaffold . Their escort , taken completely by surprise , was broken at the first shock ; we dashed without loss of time on the squadrons scattered round the market , and swept it clear of them . Surprised , intoxicated , and unacquainted with our force — which they probably thought to be the advance of the whole Prussian cavalry — after having lost many men , for the peasantry showed no mercy on the dismounted , the regiment turned at full gallop to the open country . The townspeople now performed their part . The victims were hurried away by their families , among a storm of lamentations and rejoicings , tears and kisses . The old noble 's daughter , half dead , was carried off in her father 's arms , with a thousand benedictions on me . The guillotine was hewn down with a hundred axes , and I saw the fragments burning in the square . Its waggon was made to serve its country as a portion of a barricade ; and with every vehicle , wheeled or unwheeled , which could be rolled out , the entrance to the streets was fortified with the national rapidity in any deed , good or ill , under the stars . After having appeased our hunger and that of our famishing horses , and being offered all the purses , which the French dragoons , however , had lightened nearly to the last coin , we finished the exploit by a general chant in honour of the ladies , and marched on our route , followed by the prayers of the whole community . This ended the only productive skirmish of the retreat . It fed us , broke the monotony of the march , and gave us something to talk of — and the soldier asks but little more . A gallant action had certainly been done ; not the less gallant for its being a humane one ; and even my bold hulans gave me credit for being a “ smart officer , ” a title of no slight value in their dashing service . Yet what , as the poet Saadi says , is fortune but a peacock “ a showy tail on a frightful pair of legs ? ” Our triumph was to be followed by a reverse . The burgundy and champagne of the old count 's cellar had made us festive , and our voices were heard along the road with a gaiety imprudent in a hostile land . The sound of a trumpet in our front brought us to our senses and a dead stand . But we were in a vein of heroism and instead of taking to our old hussar habits , and slipping round the enemy 's flanks , we determined to cut our way through them , if they had the whole cavalry of France as their appui . The word was given , and the spur carried us through a strong line of cavalry posted across the road . The moon had just risen enough to show that there was a still stronger line a few hundred yards beyond , which it would be folly to touch . There was now no resource but to return as we went , which we did at full speed , and again broke up our antagonists . But again we saw squadron after squadron blocking up the road . All was now desperate . But Frederick 's law of arms was well known — “ the officer of cavalry who waits to be charged , must be broke . ” We made a plunge at our living circumvallation ; but the French dragoons had now learned common sense — they opened for us — and when we were once fairly in , enveloped us completely ; it was then a troop to a brigade ; fifty jaded men and horses to fifteen hundred fresh from camp . What happened further I know not . I saw for a minute or two a great deal of pistol firing and a great deal of sabre clashing ; I felt my horse stagger under me , at the moment when I aimed a blow at a gigantic fellow covered all over with helmet and mustache ; a pistol exploded close at my ear as I was going down , and I heard no more . On opening my eyes again , I found the scene strangely altered . I was lying in a little chamber hung round with Parisian ornament — a sufficient contrast to a sky dark as pitch , or only illumined by carbines and the sparkles of sabres delving at each other . I was lying on an embroidered sofa — an equally strong contrast to my position under the bodies of fallen men and the heels of kicking horses . A showy Turkish cloak , or robe de chambre , had superseded my laced jacket , purple pantaloons , and hussar boots . I was completely altered as a warrior ; and , from a glimpse which I cast on a mirror , surrounded with gilt nymphs and swains enough to have furnished a ballet , I saw in my haggard countenance , and a wound , which a riband but half concealed , across my forehead , that I was not less altered as a man . All round me looked so perfectly like the scenes with which I had been familiar in my romance-reading days , that , bruised and feeble as I was , I almost expected to find my pillow attended by some of those slight figures in long white drapery with blue eyes , which of old ministered to so many ill-used knights and exhausted pilgrims . But my reveries were broken up by a rough voice in the outer chamber insisting on an entrance into mine , and replied to by a weak and garrulous female one , refusing the admission . The dialogue was something of this order — “ Strong or weak , well or ill , able or not able , I must send him , before twelve o'clock this night , to Paris . ” “ But the poor gentleman 's wounds are still unhealed . ” “ Still he must set out . The ‘ malle poste ’ will be at the door ; and , if he had fifty wounds on him , he must go . The marquis is halfway to Paris by this time ; perhaps more than halfway to the guillotine . ” This was followed by a burst of sobs and broken exclamtions from the female , whom I discovered , by her sorrowing confessions , to have been a nurse in the family . “ Well , ” was the ruffian 's reply ; “ women of all ages are fools : what is it to you whether this young fellow is shot or hanged ? He was taken in arms against the Republic — one and indivisible . All the enemies of France must perish ! ” The old woman now partially opened the door , to see whether I slept ; and I closed my eyes , for the purpose of hearing all that was to be heard without interruption . The speaker , whom I alternately took for the gendarme of the district , and the executioner , gave went to his swelling soul in the national style . “ What ! leave me ! leave Jean Jacques Louis Gilet in charge of this wretched aristocrat , while I should be marching with my battalion , and at its head too , if merit meets its reward , to sweep the foes of the Republic from the face of the earth . No ; I shall not remain in this paltry place , solicitor of a village , when I ought to be on the highest seat of justice — or playing the part of arresting aristocrats , when I might be commandant of a brigade , marching over the bodies of the crowned tyrants of the earth to glory ! ” As his harangue glowed , his pace quickened , and his voice grew more vehement ; at length , probably impatient of the time which lay between him and the first offices of the Republic , he overpowered the resistance of the nurse , and rushed into the chamber . Throwng himself into a theatrical attitude before a mirror — for what Frenchman ever passes one without a glance of happy recognition ?— “ Rise , aristocrat ! ” he cried , in the tone of Talma calling up the shade of Caesar . “ Rise , and account to the world for your crimes against the liberty of man ! ” I looked with such surprise on this champion of the sons of Adam — a little meagre creature , who seemed to be shaped on the model of one of his own pens , stripped , withered , and ink-dried — that I actually burst into laughter . His indignation rose , and , pulling out a pistol with one hand , and a roll of paper from his bosom with the other , he presented them together . I perceived , as I lay on my pillow , that the pistol was without a lock , and thus was comforted ; but the paper was of a more formidable description . It was the famous decree of “ Fraternization , ” by which France pronounced the fall of her own monarchy , declared “ that she would grant succour to every people who wished to recover their liberty , ” and commanded her generals “ to aid all such , and to defend all citizens who might be troubled in the cause of freedom . ” This paper indeed startled me ; it was the consummation which I had dreaded so long . I saw at once that France , in those wild words , had declared war against every throne in Europe , and that we were now beginning the era of struggle and suffering which Mordecai 's strong sense had predicted , and of which no human sagacity could foresee the end . My countenance probably showed the impression which this European anathema had made upon me ; for Monsieur Gilet became more heroic than ever , tore his grizzled curls , throwing aside his pistol , which he had at length discovered to be hors de combat , and drawing the falchion which clattered at his heels , and was nearly as long as himself , flourished it in quick march backward and forward before the mirror — that mirror never forgotten !— in all the whirlwind of his rage , and panted for the conquest of “ perfidious Albion , ” the “ traitor ” Pitt , and the whole brood of hoary power . I was too feeble to turn him out of the room , and too contemptuous to reply . But his overthrow was not the further off . The old nurse , who , old as she was , still retained some of the sinews and all the irritability of a stout Champenoise peasant , roused by his insults to the aristocracy , one of whom she probably regarded herself , from having lived so long under their roof , watched her opportunity , made a spring at him like a wild-cat , wrested the sabre from his hand , and , grasping the struggling and screaming little functionary in her strong arms , carried him like a child out of the room . She then returned , and having locked the door to prevent his second inroad , sat down by the side of my couch , and , with the usual passion of women after strong excitement , burst into exclamations and tears . What I could collect from her broken narrative , was little more than the commonplace of national misery in that fearful time . She had been a servant in the family of the nobleman whose daughter I had saved from death . She had been the nurse of the young countess ; and all the blessings that sorrow and gratitude ever gathered together , could not be exceeded by the praises which she poured upon my head . It had been rumoured in the town that I was attacked and killed by a body of cavalry sent to revenge the rout of their comrades . And the Marquis Lanfranc — I now first learned the name of my noble entertainer — had gone forth to look for my remains in the field . I was found still breathing , and to avoid further danger was carried to this dwelling , a hunting-lodge in the heart of the forest ; there I had been attended by the family physician only , and , after a week of insensibility , had given signs of recovery . The marquis 's humanity had brought evil on himself . His visits to the lodge had been remarked , and on this very morning he had been arrested , and conveyed with his daughter , in a carriage escorted by gendarmes to the capital . My detection followed of course ; papers found on my person had proved that I was an agent of England ; and the officious M. Gilet had spent the morning in exhibiting to the peasantry of the neighbourhood the order of the “ Committee of Public Safety , ” a name which froze the blood , to take me under his charge , and conduct me forthwith to their tribunal . I tell all this in my own way ; for the dame 's sighs , sobs , and vehement indignation , would have defied all record . My prospect was now black enough , for justice was a word unheard of in the present condition of things ; and my plea of being an Englishman , and in the civil service of my country , would have been a death-warrant . I must acknowledge , too , that I had fairly thrown it away by my adoption of the Prussian sabre . I might well be now in low spirits ; for the guillotine was crushing out life at that moment in every province of France , and the thirst of public curiosity was to be fed by nothing but blood . Yet , even in that moment , let me give myself credit for the recollection , my first enquiry was for the fate of my squadron . The old woman could tell me but little on the subject ; but that little was consolatory . The French troopers , who had come back triumphing into the town , had not brought any Prussian prisoners : two or three foreigners , who had lost their horses , were sheltered in her master 's stables until they could make their escape ; and of them she had heard no more . The truth is , that nothing is more difficult in war than to catch a hussar who understands his business ; and the probability was , that the chief part of them had slipped away , leaving the French to sabre each other in the dark . The fall of my horse had brought me down , otherwise I might have escaped the shot which stunned me , and been at that hour galloping to Berlin . Monsieur Gilet , with some of the civic authorities , paid me a second visit in the evening , to prepare me for my journey . To me it was become indifferent whether I died in the carriage or by the edge of the guillotine ; the journey was short in either case , and the shorter and sooner the better . I answered none of their interrogatories ; told them I was at their disposal ; directed the old woman to pack up whatever travelling matters remained to me , and to remember me to her master and mistress , if she ever should see them in this world ; shook her strong old hand , and bade God bless her . In return , she kissed me on both cheeks , whispered a thousand benedictions , and left the room violently sobbing ; yet with a parting glance at Monsieur Gilet and his collaborateurs , so mingled of wrath and ridicule , that it was beyond all my deciphering . “ Time and the hour run through the longest day , ” says the great poet ; and , with the coming of midnight , a chaise de poste drew up at the door . As I was a prisoner of importance , M. Gilet was not suffered to take all the honour of my introduction to the axe on himself ; and the mayor and deputy-mayor of the district insisted on this opportunity of making themselves known to the supreme Republic . They mounted the box in front , a couple of gendarmes sat behind , M. Gilet took his seat at my side , and , with an infinite cracking of whips , we rushed out upon the causeway . I soon discovered that my companion was by no means satisfied with existing circumstances . The officiousness of the pair of mayors prodigiously displeased him . He broke forth — “ See these two beggars , ” he exclaimed , “ pretending to patriotism ! They have no energy , no courage , no civism . Why , you might have remained for a twelvemonth under their very nostrils before they would have found you out . Gilet is the man for the service of his country . ” Merely to stop the torrent of his complainings , I asked him some vague questions relative to the nobleman whom I was now following to Paris . But the patriot was not to be moved from his topic . “ Hah ! Citizen Lanfranc . All is over with him . He once held his head high enough , but it will soon be as low as ever it was high . Yet I could have forgiven his aristocracy , if he had not put these two ‘ chiens ’ above me . ” The position in which the mayor and his deputy sat , on the box of the chaise , continually presenting them to the eye of my companion , kept his choler peculiarly active . “ One of these fellows , ” he exclaimed , “ was the Marquis 's cook , another his perruquier ! I was his tailor . Every man of taste and talent knows the superiority of my profession ; for what is the first of noblemen without elegance of costume , or what indeed would man himself be without my art , the noblest and the earliest art of mankind ? And yet he made these two ‘ brigands ’ mayor and deputy — peste ! I did my duty . I denounced him on the spot . I did more . The aristocrat had a faction in the town . It was filled with his dependents . In fact , it had been built on his grounds , and tenanted by the old hangers-on of the family . So , to make a clear stage , I denounced the town . ” He clapped his hands with exultation at this civic triumph . My recollection of the miseries which his malice had caused roused me into wrath , and , rash as the act was , I grasped him by the collar , with the full intent of throwing the little writhing wretch out of the window ; but , while I was lifting him from the seat to which he clung screaming for help , and had already forced him halfway outside , a shot whistled close by the head of the postilion , which brought him to a full stop . “ Mon Dieu !— Brigands ! ” exclaimed Monsieur Gilet ; and , dropping back into the carriage , attempted to make a screen of my body by slipping his adroitly behind me . Two or three more discharges rattled through the trees , followed by a rush of peasants , who unceremoniously knocked down the two officials in front , and began a general scuffle with the gendarmes . The night was so dark , that I could discover nothing of the m ê l é e but by the blaze of the fusils . All , however , was quiet in a few moments , by the disappearance of the gendarmes , and the complete capture of the convoy — M. Gilet , mayors , and all . Whether we had fallen into the hands of highwaymen , or of stragglers from the French army , was doubtful for a while , as not a syllable was spoken , nor a sound uttered , except by the unhappy functionaries , who grumbled prodigiously as they were dragged along through “ rough and smooth , moss and mire , ” and whose pace was evidently quickened by many a kick and blow of the fusil . This was a rude march for me , too , with my unhealed wound , and my week 's sojourn in bed ; but I was treated , if not with tenderness , without incivility , while my compagnons de voyage were insulted with every contemptuous phrase in a vocabulary at least as rich in those matters as any other in Europe . At length , after about an hour 's rapid movement , we reached an open ground , and the door of one of the wide , old , staring , yet not uncomfortable farmhouses which are to be found in the northern provinces of France . Signs of comfort within were visible even at a distance , and the light of a huge wood fire had been seen for the last quarter of an hour gleaming through the woods , and leaving us in doubt whether we were approaching a horde of gipsies , or about to realize the classic scenes of Gil Blas . But it was only a farm-house after all . The good dame of the house , with an enormous cap , enormous petticoats , enormous earrings , and all the glaring good-humour of a countenance of domestic plenty and power , came to meet us on the threshold ; and her reception of me was ardent , to the very verge of stranglulation . Nothing could exceed her rapture at the sight of me , or the fierceness of her embraces , except her indignation at the sight of my traveling companions . Her disgust at the mayor and his deputy — and certainly after their night trip they were not figures to charm the eye — was pitched in the highest key of scorn , so as to be surpassed only by the torrent of contempt which her well-practised elocution poured upon the “ tra î tre tailleur . ” I really believe , that , if she could have boiled him in the huge soup-kettle which bubbled upon the fire , without spoiling our supper , she would have flung him in upon the spot . The peasants who had captured us — bold , tall fellows , well dressed and well armed with cutlass and fusil , in the style of the gardes-de-chasse — could scarcely be kept from taking them out to the next tree , to make marks of them ; and it was probably by my intercession alone that they were consigned to an outer house for the night . How the scene was to end with me , I knew not ; though the jovial visage of my protectress showed me that I was secure . But the prisoners had no sooner been flung out of the door than I was ushered into an inner room , prepared with somewhat more of attention ; where , to my great surprise and delight , the Marquis Lanfranc came forward to shake my hand , and , with a thousand expressions of gratitude , made me known to his daughter . The adventure was of the simplest order . The arrest of the Marquis was , of course , known in an instant , and a party of his foresters had immediately determined to take the law into their own hands — had posted themselves on the road by which his carriage was to pass , and had released him without difficulty . My release was merely a sequel to the drama . I had been left in the hunting-lodge by its owner , under the impression that an individual who could not be moved without hazard to life , would escape the vengeance of village patriotism . But the nurse , whom he had placed in charge of me , had no sooner ascertained that I was arrested , than she sent an express to the farm-house . The consequence naturally followed in my liberty ; and the night which I expected to have spent freezing on my way to the dungeon , presented me with the pleasant exchange of hospitable shelter , the society of a most accomplished man , and his graceful handsome daughter ; and last , not least , a couple of kisses from my late nurse , according to the custom of the country , as glowing and remorseless as those of my portly landlady herself . We sat for some hours , and scarcely felt them pass in the anxious topics which engrossed us ; the perils of France , the prospects of the Allies , and the captivity of the unhappy Bourbons . Now and then the conversation turned on their own hair-breadth escapes , and those of their relatives and friends . Among the rest , the hazards of the De Tourville family were mentioned , and I heard the name of Clotilde pronounced with a sensation indescribable . The name was connected with such displays of fortitude , nobleness of spirit , and deep devotion to the royal cause , that , if I had loved before , I now honoured her . She had saved the lives of her household ; she had , by an act of extraordinary , but most perilous affection , saved the life of her mother , at the moment when the first insurgency broke out ; and , young as she was , she had exhibited so noble a union of generosity and strength of mind , that the Marquis 's eyes filled with tears as he told it , and Amalia buried her forehead in her hands to conceal her convulsive emotions : what must have been mine ! Our conversation was not unfrequently interrupted by bursts of merriment from the outer room , where the peasants were at supper provided by the Marquis for his bold rescuers — an indulgence which they seemed to enjoy with the highest zest imaginable . Songs were sung with very various kinds of merit in the performer , but all well received . Healths were proposed , in which the existing Government was certainly not much honoured ; and , if the good wishes of the party could have sent the “ Committee of Public Safety , ” the butcher cabinet of France , to the darkest spot on earth , or under it , its time would have been brief . But even this died away ; the laugh subsided , the mirth grew silent , and at length the gardes-de-chasse went away , making the forest ring with their professional whoops and holloas , the remnants of their honest revel . At length the Marquis and his daughter , who were to be on the wing at daybreak for the German frontier , and who had generously offered to take charge of my invalid frame in the same direction , retired ; and wrapping myself up in a dark cloak , furnished by my mistress and formed to her showy proportions , I threw myself on the sofa , and was in the land of dreams . But though I slept , I did not rest . My fever , or my lassitude , or probably some presentiment of the troubled career into which I was to be plunged , made “ tired nature 's sweet restorer ” a stepmother to me . I can never endure hearing the dreams of others , and thus I cannot suffer myself to inflict them on my hearers ; but on that night , Queen Mab , like Jehu , drove her horses furiously . Every possible kind of disappointment , vexation , and difficulty ; every conceivable shape of things , past and present , rushed through my brain ; and all pale , fierce , disastrous , and melancholy . I was beckoned along dim shades by shapeless phantoms ; I was trampled in battle ; I was brought before a tribunal ; I was on board a ship which blew up , and was flung strangling down an infinite depth in a midnight ocean . But this exceeded the privilege even of dreams . I made one desperate effort to rise , and awoke with a bound on the floor . There I found a real obstacle — a ruffian in a red cap . One strong hand was on my throat ; and by the glimmer of the dying lantern , which hung from the roof , I saw the glitter of a pistol-barrel in the other . “ Surrender in the name of the Republic ! ” were the words which told me my fate . Four or five wearers of the same ominous emblem , with sabres and pistols , were round me at the moment , and after a brief struggle I was secured . Cries were now heard outside the door , and a wounded gendarme was carried in , borne in the arms of his comrades . From their confused clamour , I could merely ascertain that the gendarmes who had escaped in the original m ê l é e , had obtained assistance , and returned on their steps . The farm-house had been surrounded , and the Marquis was indebted only to the vigilance of his peasantry for a second escape with his daughter . The gardes-de-chasse had kept the gendarmes at bay until their retreat was secure ; and the post-chaise which had brought M. Gilet and his coadjutors , was , by this time , some leagues off , at full speed , beyond the fangs of Republicanism . This at least was comfort , though I was left behind . But it was clear that the gallant old noble was blameless in the matter , and that nothing was to be blamed but my habitual ill luck . “ En route for Paris , ” was the last order which I heard ; and with a gendarme , in the strange kind of post-waggon which was rolled out from the farmer 's stable , I was dispatched , before daybreak , on my startling journey . I found my gendarme a facetious fellow ; though his merriment might not be well adapted to cheer his prisoner . He whistled , he sang , he screamed , he stamped , to get rid of the ennui of travelling with so silent a companion . He told stories of his own prowess ; libeled M. Gilet , who had got him beaten on this service in the first instance , and who seemed to be in the worst possible odour with man and woman ; and abused all , mayors , deputy-mayors , and authorities , with the tongue of a leveler . But my facetious friend had his especial chagrins . “ I have all my life , ” said he , “ been longing to see Paris , and have never been able to stir a step beyond this stupid province . Yet I have had my chances too . I was once valet to a German count , and we were on the way to Paris together when the post-chaise was stopped , the baron was arrested as a swindler , and I was charged as his accomplice . He was sent to the galleys ; I got off . I then had a second chance . I enlisted in a regiment of dragoons which was to be quartered in Versailles . But such was my fate , I had no sooner passed the first drill , when we were ordered off to Lorraine to watch old King Stanislaus , the Pole , who lived there like one of his own bears , frozen and fat . Still I was determined to see Paris . I asked leave of absence ; the adjutant laughed at me , the colonel turned on his heel , and the provost-marshal gave me a week of the black-hole . But a week is but seven days after all , and on my seeing the parade again — I — ” “ You deserted ? ” “ Not quite that , ” was the reply . “ I took leave , and , as I had seen enough of the black hole already , I took good care to give the provost-marshal no notice on the subject . A fortnight 's march brought me within sight of the towers of Notre-Dame . But as I was resting myself on the roadside , our adjutant , as ill luck would have it , came by in the coupe of the diligence . He jumped out . I was seized , given up to the next guard-house , and after fitting me with a pair of fetters , by way of boots , I was ordered to take my passage with a condemned regiment for the West Indies . There I served ten years ; I saw the regiment reduced to a skeleton by short rations and new rum ; and returned the tenth representative of fifteen hundred felons . At last I have a chance ; the gendarme of the village was so desperately mauled by the foresters in the attempt to carry you prisoner , that he has been forced to take to his bed , and let me take his place . The thing is certain now . You will be guillotined , but I shall see Paris . ” Yet what is certain in this most changeful of possible worlds ? “ Fate granted half the prayer , The rest the gods dispersed in empty air . ” We had toiled through our long journey , rendered doubly long by the dreariest and deepest roads on earth , and were winding round the spur of Montmartre , when a troop of citizen heroes , coming forth to sweep the country of the retreating Prussians , and whose courage had risen to the boiling point by the news of the retreat , surrounded the carriage . My Prussian uniform was proof enough for the brains of the patriots ; and the quick discovery of Parisian ears , that I had not learned my French in their capital , settled the question of my being a traitor . The gendarme joined in the charge with his natural volubility ; but rather insisted rashly on his right to take his prisoner into Paris on his own behalf . I saw a cloud gathering on the brow of the chef , a short , stout , and grim-looking fellow , with the true Faubourg St Antoine physiognomy . The prize was evidently too valuable not to be turned to good account with the authorities ; and he resolved on returning at the head of his brother patriots to present me as the first-fruits of his martial career . The dispute grew hot ; my escort was foolish enough to clap his hand on the hilt of his sabre — an affront intolerable to a citizen , at the head of fifty or sixty braves from the counter or the shambles ; the result was , a succession of blows from the whole troop , which closed in my seeing him stripped of every thing , and flung into the cachot of the corps de garde , from which his only view of his beloved Paris must have been through an iron grille . My captor , determined to enter the capital for once with eclat , seated himself beside me in the chaise de poste , and , surrounded by his pike-bearers , we began our march down the descent of the hill . My new friend was communicative . He gave his history in a breath . He had been a clerk in the office of one of the small tribunals in the south ; inflamed with patriotism , and indignant at the idea of selling his talents at the rate of ten sous a-day , “ in a rat-hole called a bureau , ” he had resolved on being known in the world , and to Paris he came . Paris was the true place for talent . His civisme had become conspicuous ; he had “ assisted ” at the birth of liberty . He had carried a musket on the 10th of August , and had “ been appointed by the Republic to the command of the civic force , ” which now moved , before and behind me . He was a “ grand homme ” already . Danton had told him so within the last fortnight , and France and Europe would no sooner read his last pamphlet on the “ Crimes of Kings , ” than his fame would be fixed with posterity . I believe that few men have passed through life without experiencing times when it would cost them little to lay it down . At least such times have occurred to me , and this was among them . Yet this feeling , whether it is to be called nonchalance or despair , has its advantages for the moment ; it renders the individual considerably careless of the worst that man can do to him ; and I began to question my oratorical judge 's clerk on the events in the “ city of cities . ” No man could take fuller advantage of having a listener at his command . “ We have cut down the throne , ” said he , clapping his hands with exultation , “ and now you may buy it for firewood . But you are an aristocrat , and of course a slave ; while we have got liberty , equality , and a triumvirate that shears off the heads of traitors at a sign . Suspicion of being suspected is quite sufficient . Away goes the culprit ; a true patriot is ordered to take possession of his house until the national pleasure is known ; and thus every thing goes on well . Of course , you have heard of the clearance of the prisons . A magnificent work . Five thousand aristocrats , rich , noble , and enemies to their country , sent headless to the shades of tyrants . Vive la Republique ! But a grand idea strikes me . You shall see Danton himself , the genius of liberty , the hero of human nature , the terror of kings . ” The thought was new , and a new thought is enough to turn the brain of the Gaul at any time . He thrust his head out of the window , ordered a general halt ; and , instead of taking me to the quarters of the National , resolved to have the merit of delivering up an “ agent of Pitt and English guineas ” to the master of the Republic alone . “ A l'Abbaye ! ” was his cry . But a new obstacle now arose in his troop ; they had reckoned on a civic supper with their comrades of the guard ; and the notion of bivouacking in front of the Abbaye , under the chilling wind and fierce showers which now swept down the dismal streets , was too much for their sense of discipline . The dispute grew angry . At length one of them , a huge and savage-looking fellow , who , by way of illustration , thrust his pike close to the little commandant 's shrinking visage , bellowed out — “ The people are not to be insulted . The people order , and all must obey ! ” Nothing could be more unanswerable , and no attempt was made to answer . The captain dropped back into the chaise , the troop took their own way , and my next glance showed the street empty . But the Frenchman finds comfort under all calamities . After venting his wrath in no measured terms on “ rabble insolence , ” and declaring that laws were of no use when “ gueux ” like these could take them into their hands , he consoled himself by observing that , stripped as he was of his honours , the loss might be compensated by his profits ; that the “ vagabonds ” might have expected to share the reward which the “ grand Danton would infallibly be rejoiced to give for my capture , and that both the purse and the praise would be his own . ” “ A l'Abbaye ! ” was the cry once more . We now were in motion again ; and , after threading a labyrinth of streets , so dreary and so dilapidated as almost to give me the conception that I had never been in Paris before , we drove up to the grim entrance of the Abbaye . My companion left me in charge of the sentinel , and rushed in . “ And is this , ” thought I , as I looked round the narrow space of the four walls , “ the spot where so many hundreds were butchered ; this the scene of the first desperate triumph of massacre ; this miserable court the last field of so many gallant lives ; these stones the last resting-place of so many whose tread had been on cloth of gold ; these old and crumbling walls giving the last echo to the voices of statesmen and nobles , the splendid courtiers , the brilliant orators , and the hoary ecclesiastics , of the most superb kingdom of Europe ! ” Even by the feeble lamp-light , that rather showed the darkness than the forms of the surrounding buildings , it seemed to me that I could discover the colour of the slaughter on the ground ; and there were still heaps in corners , which looked to me like clay suddenly flung over the remnants of the murdered . But my reveries were suddenly broken up by the return of the little captain , more angry than ever . He had missed the opportunity of seeing the “ great man , ” who had gone to the Salpetri è re . And some of the small men who performed as his jackals , having discovered that the captain was looking for a share in their plunder , had thought proper to treat him , his commission , and even his civism , with extreme contempt . In short , as he avowed to me , the very first use which he was determined to make of that supreme power to which his ascent was inevitable , would be to clear the bureaux of France , beginning with Paris , of all those insolent and idle hangers-on , who lived only to purloin the profits , and libel the services , of “ good citizens . ” “ A la Salpetri è re . ” There again disappointment met us . The great man had been there “ but a few minutes before , ” and we dragged our slow way through mire and ruts that would have been formidable to an artillery waggon with all its team . My heart , buoyant as it had been , sank within me as I looked up at the frowning battlements , the huge towers , more resembling those of a fortress than of even a prison , the gloomy gates , and the general grim aspect of the whole vast circumference , giving so emphatic a resemblance of the dreariness and the despair within . “ Aux Carmes ! ” was now the direction ; for my conductor 's resolve to earn his reward before daybreak , was rendered more pungent by this interview with the gens de bureau at the Abbaye . He was sure that they would be instantly on the scent ; and if they once took me out of his hands , adieu to dreams , of which Alnaschar , the glassman 's , were only a type . He grew nervous with the thought , and poured out his whole vision of hopes and fears with a volubility which I should have set down for frenzy , if in any man but a wretch in the fever of a time when gold and blood were the universal and combined idolatries of the land . “ You may think yourself fortunate , ” he exclaimed , “ in having been in my charge ! That brute of a country gendarme could have shown you nothing . Now , I know every jail in Paris . I have studied them . They form the true knowledge of a citizen . To crush tyrants , to extinguish nobles , to avenge the cause of reason on priests , and to raise the people to a knowledge of their rights — these are the triumphs of a patriot . Yet , what teacher is equal to the jail for them all ? Mais voil à les Carmes ! ” I saw a low range of blank wall , beyond which rose an ancient tower . “ Here , ” said he , “ liberty had a splendid triumph . A hundred and fifty tonsured apostles of incivism here fell in one day beneath the two-handed sword of freedom . A cardinal , two archbishops , dignitaries , monks , hoary with prejudices , antiquated with abuses , extinguishers of the new light of liberty , here were offered on the national shrine ! Chantons la Carmagnole . ” But he was destined to be disappointed once more . Danton had been there , but was suddenly called away by a messenger from the Jacobins . Our direction was now changed again . “ Now we shall be disappointed no longer . Once engaged in debate , he will be fixed for the night . Allons , you shall see the ‘ grand patriote , ’ ‘ the regenerator , ’ ‘ the first man in the world . ’ Aux Jacobins ! ” Our unfortunate postilion falling with fatigue on his horses ’ neck , attempted to propose going to an inn , and renewing our search in the morning ; but the captain had made up his mind for the night , and , drawing a pistol from his breast , exhibited this significant sign pointed at his head . The horses , as tired as their driver , were lashed on . I had for some time been considering , as we passed through the deserted streets , whether it was altogether consistent with the feelings of my country , to suffer myself to be dragged round the capital at the mercy of this lover of lucre ; but an apathy had come over my whole frame , which made me contemptuous of life . The sight of his pistol rather excited me to make the attempt , from the very insolence of his carrying it . But we still rolled on . At length , in one of the streets , which seemed darker and more miserable than all the rest , we were brought to a full stop by the march of a strong body of the National Guard , which halted in front of an enormous old building , furnished with battlement and bartizan . “ Le Temple ! ” exclaimed my companion , with almost a shriek of exultation . I glanced upward , and saw a light with the pale glimmer which , in my boyish days , I had heard always attributed to spectres passing along the dim casements of a gallery . I cannot express how deeply this image sank upon me . I saw there only a huge tomb — the tomb of living royalty , of a line of monarchs , of all the feelings that still bound the heart of man to the cause of France . All now spectral . But , whatever might be the work of my imagination , there was terrible truth ; enough before me to depress , and sting , and wring the mind . Within a step of the spot where I sat , were the noblest and the most unhappy beings in existence — the whole family of the throne caught in the snare of treason . Father , mother , sister , children ! Not one rescued , not one safe , to relieve the wretchedness of their ruin by the hope that there was an individual of their circle beyond their prison bars — all consigned to the grave together — all alike conscious that every day which sent its light through their melancholy casements , only brought them nearer to a death of misery ! But I must say no more of this . My heart withered within me as I looked at the towers of the Temple . It almost withers within me , at this moment , when I think of them . They are leveled long since ; but while I write I see them before me again , a sepulchre ; I see the mustering of that crowd of more than savages before the grim gate ; and I see the pale glimmer of that floating lamp , which was then , perhaps , lighting the steps of Marie Antoinette to her solitary cell . Of all the sights of that melancholy traverse , this the most disheartened me , whatever had been my carelessness of life before . It was now almost scorn . The thoughts fell heavy on my mind . What was I , when such victims were prepared for sacrifice ? What was the crush of my obscure hopes , when the sitters on thrones were thus leveled with the earth ? If I perished in the next moment , no chasm would be left in society ; perhaps but one or two human beings , if even they , would give a recollection to my grave . But here the objects of national homage and gallant loyalty , beings whose rising radiance had filled the eye of nations , and whose sudden fall was felt as an eclipse of European light , were exposed to the deepest sufferings of the captive . What , then , was I , that I should murmur ; or , still more , that I should resist ; or , most of all , that I should desire to protract an existence which , to this hour , had been one of a vexed spirit , and which , to the last hour of my career , looked but cloud on cloud ? Some of this depression may have been the physical result of fatigue , for I had been now four-and-twenty hours without rest ; and the dismal streets , the dashing rain , and the utter absence of human movement as we dragged our dreary way along , would have made even the floor of a dungeon welcome . I was as cold as its stone . At length our postilion , after nearly relieving us of all the troubles of this world , by running on the verge of the moat which once surrounded the Bastile , and where nothing but the screams of my companion prevented him from plunging in , wholly lost his way . The few lamps in this intricate and miserable quarter of the city had been blown out by the tempest , and our only resource appeared to be patience , until the tardy break of winter 's morn should guide us through the labyrinth of the Faubourg St Antoine . However , this my companion 's patriotism would not suffer . “ The Club would be adjourned ! Danton would be gone ! ” In short , he should not hear the Jacobin lion roar , nor have the reward on which he reckoned for flinging me into his jaws . The postilion was again ordered to move , and the turn of a street showing a light at a distance , he lashed his unfortunate horses towards it . Utterly indifferent as to where I was to be deposited , I saw and heard nothing , until I was roused by the postilion 's cry of “ Place de Gr è ve . ” A large fire was burning in the midst of the gloomy square , round which a party of the National Guard were standing , with their muskets piled , and wrapped in their cloaks , against the inclemency of the night . Further off , and in the centre , feebly seen by the low blaze , was a wooden structure , on whose corners torches were flaring in the wind . “ Voil à, la guillotine ! ” exclaimed my captor with the sort of ecstasy which might issue from the lips of a worshipper . As I raised my eyes , an accidental flash of the fire showed the whole outline of the horrid machine . I saw the glitter of the very axe that was to drop upon my head . My first sensation was that of deadly faintless . Ghastly as was the purpose of that axe , my imagination saw even new ghastliness in the shape of its huge awkward scythe-like steel ; it seemed made for massacre . The faintness went off in the next moment , and I was another man . In the whole course of a life of excitement , I have never experienced so total a change . All my apathy was gone . The horrors of public execution stood in a visible shape before me at once . I might have fallen in the field with fortitude ; I might have submitted to the deathbed , as the course of nature ; I might have even died with exultation in some great public cause . But to perish by the frightful thing which shot up its spectral height before me ; to be dragged as a spectacle to scoffing and scorning crowds — dragged , perhaps , in the feebleness and squalid helplessness of a confinement which might have exhibited me to the world in imbecility or cowardice ; to be grasped by the ruffian executioner , and flung , stigmatized as a felon , into the common grave of felons — the thought darted through my mind like a jet of fire ; but it gave me the strength of fire . I determined to die by the bayonets of the guard , or by any other death than this . My captor perceived my agitation , and my eye glanced on his withered and malignant visage , as with a smile he was cocking his pistol . I sprang on him like a tiger . In our struggle the pistol went off , and a gush of blood from his cheek showed that it had inflicted a severe wound . I was now his master , and , grasping him by the throat with one hand , with the other I threw open the door and leaped upon the pavement . For the moment , I looked round bewildered ; but the report of the pistol had caught the ears of the guard , whom I saw hurrying to unpile their muskets . But this was a work of confusion , and , before they could snatch up their arms , I had made my choice of the darkest and narrowest of the wretched lanes which issue into the square . A shot or two fired after me sent me at my full speed , and I darted forward , leaving them as they might , to follow . How long I scrambled , or how often I felt sinking from mere weariness in that flight , I knew not . In the fever of my mind , I only knew that I twined my way through numberless streets , most of which have been since swept away ; but , on turning the corner of a street which led into the Boulevard , and when I had some hope of taking refuge in my old hotel , I found that I had plunged into the heart of a considerable crowd of persons hurrying along , apparently on some business which strongly excited them . Some carried lanterns , some pikes , and there was a general appearance of more than republican enthusiasm , even savage ferocity , among them , that gave sufficient evidence of my having fallen into no good company . I attempted to draw back , but this would not be permitted ; the words , “ Spy , traitor , slave of the Monarchiques ! ” and , apparently as the blackest charge of all , “ Cordelier ! ” were heaped upon me , and I ran the closest possible chance of being put to death on the spot . It may naturally be supposed that I made all kinds of protestations to escape being piked or pistoled . But they had no time to wait for apologies . The cry of “ Death to the traitor ! ” was followed by the brandishing of half a dozen knives in the circle round me . At that moment , when I must have fallen helplessly , a figure stepped forward , and opening the slide of his dark lantern directly on his own face , whispered the word Mordecai . I recognised , I shall not say with what feelings , the police agent who had formerly conveyed me out of the city . He was dressed , like the majority of the crowd , in the republican costume ; and certainly there never was a more extraordinary costume . He wore a red cap , like the cap of the butchers of the Faubourgs ; an enormous beard covered his breast , a short Spanish mantle hung from his shoulders , a short leathern doublet , with a belt like an armoury , stuck with knives and pistols , a sabre , and huge trousers striped with red , in imitation of streams of gore , completed the patriot uniform . Some wore broad bands of linen round their waists , inscribed , “ 2d , 3d and 4th September , ” — the days of massacre . These were its heros . I was in the midst of the é lite of murder . “ Citizens , ” exclaimed the Jew in a voice of thunder , driving back the foremost , “ hold your hands up ; are you about to destroy a friend of freedom ? Your knives have drunk the blood of aristocrats ; but they are the defence of liberty . This citizen , against whom they are now unsheathed , is one of ourselves . He has returned from the frontier , to join the brave men of Paris , in their march to the downfall of tyrants . But out friends await us in the glorious club of the Jacobins . This is the hour of victory . Advance , regenerated sons of freedom ! Forward , Frenchmen ! ” His speech had the effect . The rapid executors of public vengeance fell back ; and the Jew , whispering to me , “ You must follow us , or be killed , ” — I chose the easier alternative at once , and stepped forward like a good citizen . As my protector pushed the crowd before him , in which he seemed to be a leader , he said to me from time to time , “ Show no resistance . A word from you would be the signal for your death — we are going to the hall of the Jacobins . This is a great night among them , and the heads of the party will either be ruined to-night , or by morning will be masters of every thing . I pledge myself , if not for your safety , at least for doing all that I can to save you . ” I remained silent , as I was ordered ; and we hurried on , until there was a halt in front of a huge old building . “ The hall of the Jacobins , ” whispered the Jew , and again cautioned me against saying or doing any thing in the shape of reluctance . We now plunged into the darkness of a vast pile , evidently once a convent , and where the chill of the massive walls struck to the marrow . I felt as if walking through a charnel-house . We hurried on ; a trembling light , towards the end of an immense and lofty aisle , was our guide ; and the crowd , long familiar with the way , rushed through the intricacies where so many feet of monks had trod before them , and where , perhaps , many a deed that shunned the day had been perpetrated . At length a spiral stair brought us to a large gallery , where our entrance was marked with a shout of congratulation ; and tumbling over the benches and each other , we at length took our seats in the highest part , which , in both the club and the National Assembly , was called , from its height , the Mountain , and from the characters which generally held it , was a mountain of flame . In the area below , once the nave of the church , sat the Jacobin club . I now , for the first time , saw that memorable and terrible assemblage . And nothing could be more suited than its aspect to its deeds . The hall was of such extent that a large portion of it was scarcely visible , and few lights which hung from the walls scarcely displayed even the remainder . The French love of decoration had no place here ; neither statues nor pictures , neither gilding nor sculpture , relieved the heaviness of the building . Nothing of the arts was visible but their rudest specimens ; the grim effigies of monks and martyrs , or the coarse and blackened carvings of a barbarous age . The hall was full ; for the club contained nearly two thousand members , and on this night all were present . Yet , except for the occasional cries of approval or anger when any speaker had concluded , and the habitual murmur of every huge assembly , they might have been taken for a host of spectres ; the area had so entirely the aspect of a huge vault , the air felt so thick , and the gloom was so feebly dispersed by the chandeliers . All was sepulchral . The chair of the president even stood on a tomb , an antique structure of black marble . The elevated stand , from which the speakers generally addressed the assembly , had the strongest resemblance to a scaffold , and behind it , covering the wall , were suspended chains , and instruments of torture of every horrid kind , used in the dungeons of old times ; and though placed there for the sake of contrast with the mercies of a more enlightened age , yet enhancing the general idea of a scene of death . It required no addition to render the hall of the Jacobins fearful ; but the meetings were always held at night , often prolonged through the whole night . Always stormy , and often sanguinary , daggers were drawn and pistols fired — assassination in the streets sometimes followed bitter attacks on the benches ; and at this period , the mutual wrath and terror of the factions had risen to such height , that every meeting might be only a prelude to exile or the axe ; and the deliberation of this especial night must settle the question , whether the Monarchy or the Jacobin club was to ascend the scaffold . It was the debate on the execution of the unhappy Louis XVI . The arrival of the crowd , among whom I had taken my unwilling seat , evidently gave new spirits to the regicides ; the moment was critical . Even in Jacobinism all were not equally black , and the fear of the national revulsion at so desperate a deed startled many , who might not have been withheld by feelings of humanity . The leaders had held a secret consultation while the debate was drawing on its slow length , and Danton 's old expedient of “ terror ” was resolved on . His emissaries had been sent round Paris to summon all his banditti ; and the low caf é s , the Faubourg taverns , and every haunt of violence , and the very drunkenness of crime , had poured forth . The remnant of the Marseillois — a gang of actual galley-slaves , who had led the late massacres — the paid assassins of the Marais , and the sabreurs of the Royal Guard , who after treason to their king , had found profitable trade in living on the robbery and blood of the nobles and priests , formed this reinforcement ; and their entrance into the gallery was recognised by a clapping of hands from below , which they answered by a roar , accompanied with the significant sign of clashing their knives and sabres . Danton immediately rushed into the Tribune . I had seen him before , on the fearful night which prepared the attack on the palace ; but he was then in the haste and affected savageness of the rabble . He now played the part of leader of a political sect ; and the commencement of his address adopted something of the decorum of public council . In this there was an artifice ; for , resistless as the club was , it still retained a jealousy of the superior legislative rank of the assembly of national representatives , the Convention . The forms of the Convention were strictly imitated ; and even those Jacobins who usually led the debate , scrupulously wore the dress of the better orders . Robespierre was elaborately dressed whenever he appeared in the Tribune , and even Danton abandoned the canaille costume for the time . I was struck with his showy stature , his bold forehead , and his commanding attitude , as he stood waving his hand over the multitude below , as if he waved a sceptre . His appearance was received with a general shout from the gallery , which he returned by one profound bow , and then stood erect , till all sounds had sunk . His powerful voice then rang through the extent of the hall . He began with congratulating the people on their having relieved the Republic from its external dangers . His language at first was moderate , and his recapitulation of the perils which must have befallen a conquered country , was sufficiently true and even touching ; but his tone soon changed , and I saw the true democrat . “ What ! ” he cried , “ are those perils to the horrors of domestic perfidy ? What are the ravages on the frontier to poison and the dagger at our firesides ? What is the gallant death in the field to assassination in cold blood ? Listen , fellow-citizens , there is at this hour a plot deeper laid for your destruction than ever existed in the shallow heads of , or could ever be executed by the coward hearts of , their soldiery . Where is that plot ? In the streets ? No . The courage of our brave patriots is as proof against corruption as against fear . ” This was followed by a shout from the gallery . “ Is it in the Tuileries ? No ; there the national sabre has cut down the tree which cast its deadly fruits among the nation . Where then is the focus of the plot — where the gathering of the storm that is to shake the battlements of the Republic — where that terrible deposit of combustibles which the noble has gathered , the priest has piled , and the king has prepared to kindle ? Brave citizens , that spot is ——, ” he paused , looking mysteriously round , while a silence deep as death pervaded the multitude ; then , as if suddenly recovering himself , he thundered out — “ The Temple ! ” No language can describe the shout or the scene that followed . The daring word was now spoken which all anticipated ; but which Danton alone had the desperate audacity to utter . The gallery screamed , howled , roared , embraced each other , danced , flourished their weapons , and sang the Marseillaise and the Carmagnole . The club below were scarcely less violent in their demonstrations of furious joy . Danton had now accomplished his task ; but his vanity thirsted for additional applause , and he entered into a catalogue of his services to Republicanism . In the midst of the detail , a low but singularly clear voice was heard , from the extremity of the hall . “ Descend , man of massacre ! ” I saw Danton start back as if he had been shot . At length , recovering his breath , he said feebly — “ Citizens , of what am I accused ? ” “ Of the three days of September , ” uttered the voice again , in a tone so strongly sepulchral , that it palpably awed the whole assemblage . “ Who is it that insults me ? who dares to malign me ? What spy of the Girondists , what traitor of the Bourbons , what hireling of the gold of Pitt , is among us ? ” exclaimed the bold ruffian , yet with a visage which , even at the distance , I could observe had lost its usual fiery hue , and turned clay-colour . “ Who accuses me ? ” “ I ! ” replied the voice , and I saw a thin tall figure stalk up the length of the hall , and stand at the foot of the tribune . “ Descend ! ” was the only word which he spoke ; and Danton , as if under a spell , to my astonishment , obeyed without a word , and came down . The stranger took his place , none knew his name ; and the rapidity and boldness of his assault suspended all in wonder like my own . I can give but a most incomplete conception of the extraordinary eloquence of this mysterious intruder . He openly charged Danton with having constructed the whole conspiracy against the unfortunate prisoners of September ; with having deceived the people by imaginary alarms of the approach of the enemy ; with having plundered the national treasury to pay the assassins ; and , last and most deadly charge of all , with having formed a plan for a National Dictatorship , of which he himself was to be the first possessor . The charge was sufficiently probable , and was not now heard for the first time . But the keenness and fiery promptitude with which the speaker poured the charge upon him , gave it a new aspect ; and I could see in the changing physiognomies round me , that the great democrat was already in danger . He obviously felt this himself ; for starting up from the bench to which he had returned , he cried out , or rather yelled — “ Citizens , this man thirsts for my blood . Am I to be sacrificed ? Am I to be exposed to the daggers of assassins ! ” But no answering shout now arose ; a dead silence reigned : all eyes were still turned on the tribune . I saw Danton , after a gaze of total helplessness on all sides , throw up his hands like a drowning man , and stagger back to his seat . Nothing could be more unfortunate than his interruption ; for the speaker now poured the renewed invective , like a stream of molten iron , full on his personal character and career . “ Born a beggar , your only hope of bread was crime . Adopting the profession of an advocate , your only conception of law was chicanery . Coming to Paris , you took up patriotism as a trade , and turned the trade into an imposture . Trained to dependence , you always hung on some one till he spurned you . You licked the dust before Mirabeau ; you betrayed him , and he trampled on you ; you took refuge in the cavern of Marat , until he found you too base even for his base companionship , and he , too , spurned you ; you then clung to the skirts of Robespierre , and clung only to ruin . Viper ! known only by your coils and your poison ; like the original serpent , degraded even from the brute into the reptile , you already feel your sentence . I pronounce it before all . The man to whom you now cling will crush you . Maximilien Robespierre , is not your heel already lifted up to tread out the life of this traitor ? Maximilien Robespierre , ” he repeated with a still more piercing sound , “ do I not speak the truth ? ” “ Have I not stripped the veil from your thoughts ? Am I not looking on your heart ? ” He then addressed each of the Jacobin leaders in a brief appeal . “ Billaud Varennes , stand forth — do you not long to drive your dagger into the bosom of this new tyrant ? Collot d'Herbois , are you not sworn to destroy him ? Couthon , have you not pronounced him perjured , perfidious , and unfit to live ? St Just , have you not in your bosom the list of those who have pledged themselves that Danton shall never be Dictator ; that his grave shall be dug before he shall tread on the first step of the throne ; that his ashes shall be scattered to the four winds of heaven ; that he shall never gorge on France ? ” A hollow murmur , like an echo of the vaults beneath , repeated the concluding words . The murmur had scarcely subsided when this extraordinary apparition , flinging round him a long white cloak , which he had hitherto carried on his arm , and which , in the dim light , gave him the look of one covered with a shroud , cried out in a voice of still deeper solemnity , “ George Jacques Danton , you have this night pronounced the death of your king — I now pronounce your own . By the victims of the 20th of June — by the victims of the 10th of August — by the victims of the 2d of September — by the thousands whom your thirst of blood has slain — by the tens of thousands whom your treachery has sent to perish in a foreign grave — by the millions whom the war which you have kindled will lay in the field of slaughter — I cite you to appear before a tribunal , where sits a judge whom none can elude and none can defy . Within a year and a month , I cite you to meet the spirits of your victims before the throne of the Eternal . ” He stopped ; not a voice was heard . He descended the steps of the Tribune , and stalked slowly through the hall ; not a hand was raised against him . He pursued his way with as much calmness and security as if he had been a supernatural visitant , until he vanished in the darkness . This singular occurrence threw a complete damp on the regicidal ardour ; and , as no one seemed inclined to mount the Tribune , the club would probably have broken up for the night , when a loud knocking at one of the gates , and the beating of drums , aroused the drowsy sitters on the benches . The gallery was as much awake as ever ; but seemed occupied with evident expectation of either a new revolt , or a spectacle ; pistols were taken out to be new primed , and the points and edges of knives duly examined . The doors at length were thrown open , and a crowd , one half of whom appeared to be in the last stage of intoxication , and the other half not far from insanity , came dancing and chorusing into the body of the building . In the midst of their troop they carried two busts covered with laurels — the busts of the regicides Ravaillac and Clement , with flags before them , inscribed , “ They were glorious ; for they slew kings ! ” The busts were presented to the president , and their bearers , a pair of poissardes , insisted on giving him the republican embrace , in sign of fraternization . The president , in return , invited them to the “ honours of a sitting ; ” and thus reinforced , the discussion on the death of the unhappy monarch commenced once more , and the vote was carried by acclamation . The National Convention was still to be applied to for the completion of the sentence ; but the decree of the Jacobins was the law of the land . I had often looked towards the gallery door , during the night , for the means of escape ; but my police friend had forbade my moving before his return . I therefore remained until the club were breaking up , and the gallery began to clear . Cautious as I had been , I could not help exhibiting , from time to time , some disturbance at the atrocities of the night , and especially at the condemnation of the helpless king . In all this I had found a sympathizing neighbour , who had exhibited marked civility in explaining the peculiarities of the place , and giving me brief sketches of the speakers as they rose in succession . He had especially agreed with me in deprecating the cruelty of the regicidal sentence . I now rose to bid my gentlemanlike cicerone good-night ; but , to my surprise , I saw him make a sign to two loiterers near the door , who instantly pinioned me . “ We cannot part quite so soon , Monsieur l'Aristocrat , ” said he ; “ and , though I much regret that I cannot have the honour of accommodating you in the Temple , near your friend Monsieur Louis Capet , yet you may rely on my services in procuring a lodging for you in one of the most agreeable prisons in Paris . ” I had been entrapped in the most established style , and I had nothing to thank for it but fortune . Resistance was in vain , for they pointed to the pistols within their coats ; and with a vexed heart , and making many an angry remark on the treachery of the villain who had ensnared me — matters which fell on his ear probably with about the same effect as water on the pavement at my feet — I was put into a close carriage , and , with ny captors , carried off to the nearest barrier , and consigned to the governor of the well-known and hideous St Lazare . The Olympic Jupiter . Calm the Olympian God sat in his marble fane , High and complete in beauty too pure and vast to wane ; Full in his ample form , Nature appear 'd to spread ; Thought and sovran Rule beam 'd in his earnest head ; From the lofty foliaged brow , and the mightily bearded chin , Down over all his frame was the strength of a life within . Lovely a maid in twilight before the vision knelt , Looking with upturn 'd gaze the awe that her spirit felt . Hung like the skies above her was bow 'd the monarch mild , Hearing the whisper 'd words of the fair and panting child . — Could she be dear to him as dews to ocean are , Be in his wreath a leaf , on his robes a golden star ! Could she as incense float around his eternal throne , Sound as the note of a hymn to his deep ear alone ! Lo ! while her heart adoring still to the God exhales , Speech from his glimmering lips on the silent air prevails : — “ Child of this earth , bewilder 'd in thine a ë rial dream , Turn thee to Powers that are , and not to those that seem . All of fairest and noblest filling my graven form First in a human spirit was breathing alive and warm . Seek thou in him all else that he can evoke from nought , Seek the creative master , the king of beautiful thought . ” — Down the eyes of the maiden sank from the Thunderer 's look , Pale in her shame and terror , and yet with delight she shook Swift on her brow she felt a crown by the God bestow 'd , Shading her face that now with a hope too lively glow 'd . Bending the Sculptor stood who wrought the work divine , Godlike in voice he spake — Ever , oh , maid be mine ! J. S . A ROMAN IDYL . Oh ! blame not , friend , with scoff unfeeling , The gentle tale of grief and wrong , Which , all the pain of life revealing , Yet teaches peace by thoughtful song . The landscape round us wide expanded As ere was heard the name of Rome ; And Rome , though fallen , our souls commanded , In this her empire 's earliest home . Her brightness beam 'd on each far mountain , Her life made green the grass we trode , Her memory haunted still the fountain , And spread her shadows o'er the sod . Her ruins told their tale of glory , Decreed to that eternal sky ; And through that ancient grove , her story With sibyl whisper seem 'd to sigh . The pile her wealthiest mourner builded , In glimpse we caught through ilex gloom — Metella 's Tower , by sunshine gilded , That beams alike on feast or tomb . And on this plain , not yet benighted , ‘ Mid awful ages mouldering there , Young hands in new-bloom flowers delighted , Young eyes look 'd bright in sunniest air . Till we , Viterbo 's wine-cup quaffing , Which fairer lips refused to grace , Could win by jest those lips to laughing , And veil 'd in folly wisdom 's face . But say , my friend , thou sage mysterious , What Nymph , what Muse disown 'd the strain Which bade our heedless mirth be serious , And woke our ears to nobler pain ? That region grave of plain and highland , With Rome 's grey ruin strewn around , Is not a soft Calypso 's island , Nor fades at Truth 's evoking sound . High thoughts in words of quiet beauty Accord with visions grand as these , And song 's imperishable duty Has holier aims than but to please . By word and image deeply wedded , By cadence apt and varied rhyme , To rouse the soul in sloth imbedded , And tune its powers to life sublime . By loftier shows of man 's large being Than man 's dim actual hour displays , To clear our eyes for purer seeing , And nerve the flagging spirit 's gaze . By strains of bold heroic pleasure , And action strong as thought conceives , By many a doom-resounding measure That best our selfish woes relieves ; By these to stir , by these to brighten , By these to lift the soul from earth , The Poet dares our joys to frighten , And thrills the dirge of lazy mirth . Ye Ruins , dust of empires vanish 'd , Ye mountains , clad with countless years , From your great presence ne'er be banish 'd Sad songs that live in earnest ears : Sad songs , the music of all sorrow , Profound and calm as night 's blue deep : Accurst the dreams of any morrow When man will feel he cannot weep . J. S . GOETHE Alas ! on earth his marvels done , The noble German bosom lies , His fatherland 's Athenian son , Amid the sage must largely rise ! Amid the sage the generous race Of soaring thought and steadfast glow , He breathes no more who gave a grace To all our daily lot below . He gave to man 's encumber 'd hours The tuneful joys of truth serene , And twined our life 's neglected flowers With nature 's holiest evergreen . Alas ! for him the soul of fire , For him of fancy 's golden rays , For him whose aims ascended higher Than all that won a nation 's praise ! We pause and ask — Why gloom 'd the grave For one of light so broadly mild ? And wonder beauty could not save From death 's deep night her eager child . But could the lyre be heard again , Its widow 'd notes would seem to cry — In all was he a man of men , For them to live , like them to die . What life inspires ‘ twas his to feel , With ampler soul than all beside ; What earth 's bright shows to few reveal , His art for all expanded wide . With earnest heed from hour to hour , Through all his years of striving hope , He fed his lamp , its light to shower On paths where myriads dimly grope . He taught nankind by toil , by love , To cheer the world that must be theirs ; And ne'er to look for peace above , By scorning earthly joys and cares . Ah ! pages full of grief and fear , But all attuned to melody , Vesuvio 's flame reflected clear In glassy seas of Napoli . And on that sea we seem to float In amber light , and catch from far , ‘ Mid ocean 's boundless Voice , the note Of girl who hymns the evening-star . The sweetest word , the melting tone , The pictured wisdom bright as day , And Faust 's remorse , and Tasso 's groan , And Dorothea 's morning lay , Glad Egmont , light of Clara 's eyes , Free Goetz , the warmth of manhood 's noon , And Mignon , all a tune of sighs , And lorn Ottilia crush 'd so soon . Ah ! tale that tells the life of all To lovelier truth by fancy wrought , And songs that e'en to us recall The bliss a poet 's vision caught ! All these are ours , yes , all — but he . And who that lives can find a strain Of worth like his the soul to free From bonds of sublunary pain ? A strain like his we vainly seek To sound above the singer 's grave , A voice empower 'd like his to speak The word our aching bosoms crave . That word is not — Oh ! not , farewell ! To thee whom all thy lays restore ; But deeply longs the heart to tell A love thy smile accepts no more . J. S . HYMN OF A HERMIT . Long the day , the task is longer ; Earth the strong by heaven the stronger . Still is call 'd to rise and brighten , But , alas ! how weak the soul ; While its inbred phantoms frighten , While the past obscures the whole . Shadows of the wise departed , Be the brave , the loving-hearted ; Deathless dead , resounding , rushing , From the morning-land of hope Come , with viewless footsteps , crushing Dreams that make the wing 'd ones grope . Socrates , the keen , the truthful , In thy hoary wisdom youthful ; Smiling , fear-defying spirit , From beside thy Grecian waves , Teach us Norsemen to inherit Thoughts whose dawn is life to graves . Rome 's Aurelius , thou the holy King of earth , in goodness lowly , From thy ruins by the Tiber , Look with tearless aspect mild , Till each agonizing fibre Like thine own is reconciled . Augustinus , bright and torrid , Isles of green in deserts horrid Once thy home , thy likeness ever ! We with sword no less divine Would the good and evil sever , In a larger world than thine . Soft Petrarca , sweet and subtle , Weaving still , with silver shuttle , Moony veils for human feeling — Thine the radiance from above , Half-transfiguring , half-concealing , Wounds and tears of earthly love . Saxon rude , of thundering stammer , Iron heart , by sin 's dread hammer Ground to better dust than golden , May thy prophecy be true . Melt the stern , the weak embolden ; Teach what Luther never knew . Pale Spinosa , nursed in fable , Painted hopes and portent sable , Then an opener wisdom finding , Let thy round and wintry sun Chase the lurid vapour , blinding Souls that seek the Holy One . Thou from green Helvetia roaming , Meteor pale in misty gloaming , With a breast too fiercely burning ; Generous , tuneful , frail Rousseau ! Would that all to truth returning , Gave , like thee , a tear to woe ! Eye of clear and diamond sparkle , Where the Baltic waters darkle , Lonely German seer of Reason , Great and calm as Atlas old ; Through our formless foggy season , Short thine adamantine cold . Shelley , born of faith and passion , Nobler far than gain and fashion ; Daring eaglet arm 'd with lightning , Firing soon thy native nest , Still the eternal blaze is brightening Ocean where thy pinions rest . Heroes , prophets , bards , and sages , Gods and men of climes and ages , Conquerors of lifelong sorrow , Torment that ye made your throne , Help , Oh ! help in us the morrow , Full of triumph like your own . J. S . THE LUCKLESS LOVER “ If aught on earth assault may bide Of ceaseless time and shifting tide , Beloved ! I swear to thee It is the truth of hearts that love , United in a world above The moment 's misty sea . “ Oh ! sweeter than the light of dawn , Than music in the woods withdrawn From clamours of the crowd , A new creation all our own , Unvisited by scoff or groan , Is faith in silence vow 'd . “ Two hearts by reason nobly sad , Nor rashly blind , nor lightly glad , Possess they not a bliss In their communion , felt and full , Beyond all custom 's deadly rule ? For life is only this . “ In sighs we met , in sighs and sobs , Such grief as from the wretched robs The hope to heaven allied : Great calm was ours , a strength severe , Though wet with many a scalding tear , When soul to soul replied . “ Of thy dark eyes and gentle speech , The memory has a power to teach What know not many wise . New stars may rise , the ancient fade , But not for us , my own pale maid , Be lost that pure surprise — “ The pure delight , the awful change , Chief miracle in wonder 's range , That binds the twain in one ; While fear , foes , friends , and angry Fate , And all that wreck our mortal state Shall pass , like motes i ’ the sun . “ In his fine frame the throstle feels The music that his note reveals ; And spite of shafts and nets , How better is the dying bird Than some dumb stone that ne'er was heard , That arrow never threats ? “ Disdaining man , the mountains rise ; Is love less kindred with the skies , Or less their Maker 's will ? The strains , without a human cause , Flow on , unheeding lies and laws — Will hearts for words be still ? “ What cliffs oppose , what oceans roll , What frowns o'ershade the weeping soul , Alas ! were long to tell . But something is there more than these , Than frowns and coldness , rocks and seas : Until its hour — farewell ! ” So sang the vassal bard by night , Beneath his high-born lady 's light That from her turret shone . Next morning in the forest glade His corpse was found . Her brother 's blade Had cut his bosom 's bone . What reap 'd Lord Wilfrid by the stroke ? Before another morning broke , She , too , was with the blest : And ‘ twas her last and only prayer , That her sweet limbs might slumber where The minstrel had his rest . J. S . FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION THE CORN LAWS . It is remarkable that , while we hear so much of the advantages of free trade , the reciprocity of them is always in prospect only . By throwing open our harbours to foreign nations , indeed , we give them an immediate and obvious advantage over ourselves ; but as to any corresponding advantages we are to gain in our intercourse with them , we are still waiting , in patient expectation of the anticipated benefit . Our patience is truly exemplary ; it might furnish a model to Job himself . We resent nothing . No sooner do we receive a blow on one cheek , than we turn up the other to some new smiter . No sooner are we excluded , in return for our concessions , from the harbours of one state , than we begin making concessions to another . We are constantly in expectation of seeing the stream of human envy and jealousy run out :— “ Rusticus expectat dum defluat amnis : at ille Labitur et labetur in omne volubilis aevum . ” We are imitating the man who made the experiment of constantly reducing the food on which his horse is to live . Let us take care that , just as he is learning to live on nothing , we do not find him dead in his stall . This , however , is no joking matter . The total failure of the free trade system to procure any , even the smallest return , coupled with the very serious injury it has inflicted on many of the staple branches of our industry , has now been completely demonstrated by experience , and is matter of universal notoriety . If any proof on the subject were required , it would be furnished by Porter 's Parliamentary Tables , to which we earnestly request the attention of our readers . The first exhibits the effect of the reciprocity system , introduced by Mr Huskisson in Feb. 1823 , in destroying our shipping with the Baltic powers , and quadrupling theirs with us . The second shows the trifling amount of our exports to these countries during the five last years , and thereby demonstrates the entire failure of the attempt to , extend our traffic with them by this gratuitous destruction of our shipping . The third shows the progress of our whole exports to Europe during the six years from 1814 to 1820 , before the free trade began , and from 1833 to 1839 , after it had been fifteen years in operation , and proves that it had declined in the latter period as compared with the former , despite all our gratuitous sacrifices by free trade to augment our commerce . [ 12 ] [ 12 ] See No . CCCXL , Blackwood 's Magazine , p. 261 . The free traders fully admit , and deeply deplore , as we have shown on a former occasion , these unfavourable results ; but they say that it is to be hoped they will not continue : that foreign nations must , in the end , come to see that they are as much interested as we are in enlightened system of free trade ; and that , meantime , it is for our interest to continue the system ; or even though it totally fails in producing any augmentation in our exports , it is obviously for our advantage to continue it , as it brings in the immediate benefit of purchasing articles imported at a cheaper rate . Supposing , say they , we obtain no corresponding advantage from other states , there is an immense benefit accrues to ourselves from admitting foreign goods at a nominal duty , from the low price at which they may be purchased by the British consumer . To that point we shall advert in the sequel ; in the mean time , it may be considered as demonstrated , that the free trade system has entirely failed in procuring for us the slightest extension of our foreign exports , or abating in the slightest degree the jealousy of foreign nations at our maritime and manufacturing superiority . Nor is there any difficulty in discovering to what this failure has been owing . It arises from laws inherent in the nature of things , and which will remain unabated as long as we continue a great and prosperous nation . It is related of the Lacedemonians , that while all the other citizens of Greece were careful to surround their towns with walls , they alone left a part open on all sides . Thus , superiority in the field rendered them indifferent to the adventitious protection of ramparts . It is for a similar reason that England is now willing to throw down the barriers of tariffs , and the impediments of custom-houses ; and that all other nations are fain to raise them up . It is a secret sense of superiority on the one side , and of inferiority on the other , which is the cause of the difference . We advocate freedom of trade , because we are conscious that , in a fair unrestricted competition , we should succeed in beating them out of their own market . They resist it , and loudly clamour for protection , because they are aware that such a result would speedily take place , and that the superiority of the old commercial state is such , that on an open trial of strength , it must at once prove fatal to its younger rivals . As this effect is thus the result of permanent causes affecting both sides , it may fairly be presumed that it will be lasting ; and that the more anxiously the old manufacturing state advocates or acts upon freedom of commercial intercourse , the more strenuously will the younger and rising ones advocate protection . Reciprocity , therefore , is out of the question between them : for it never could exist without the destruction of the manufactures of the younger state ; and if that state has begun to enter on the path of manufacturing industry , it never will be permitted by its government . But this is not all . If free trade must of necessity prove fatal to the manufactures of the younger state , it as certainly leads to the destruction of the agriculture of the older ; and it is this double effect this RECIPROCITY OF EVIL , which renders it so disastrous and impracticable an experiment for both the older and the younger community . The reason of this has not hitherto been generally attended to ; but when once it is stated , its force becomes obvious , and it furnishes the true answer on principle to the delusive doctrines of free trade . Nature has established , and , as it will immediately be shown , for very wise and important purposes , a permanent and indelible distinction between the effect of civilization and opulence on the production of food , and on the preparation of manufactures . In the latter , the discoveries of science , the exertions of skill , the application of capital , the introduction of machinery , are all-powerful , and give the older and more advanced state an immediate and decisive advantage over the younger and the ruder . In the former , the very reverse takes place : the additions made to productive power are comparatively inconsiderable , even by the most important discoveries ; and as this capital and industry have in the end a powerful effect , and always enable the power of raising food for the human race to keep far a-head of the wants of mankind ; yet this effect takes place very slowly , and the annual addition that can be made to the produce of the earth by such means is by no means considerable . The introduction of thorough draining will probably increase the productive power of the soil in Great Britain a third : scientific discovery may perhaps add another third ; but at least ten years must elapse in the most favourable view before these effects generally take place — ere the judicious and well-directed labours of our husbandmen have formed rivulets for the superfluous wet of our fields , or overspread the soil with the now wasted animal remains of our cities . But our manufactures can in a few years quadruple their produce . So vast is the power which the steam-engine has made to the powers of production in commercial industry , that it is susceptible to almost indefinite and immediate extension ; and the great difficulty always felt is , not to get hands to keep pace with the demand of the consumers , but to get a demand to keep pace with the hands employed in the production . Manchester and Glasgow could , in a few years , furnish muslin and cotton goods for the whole world . Nor is the difference less important and conspicuous in the price at which manufacturing and agricultural produce can be raised in the old and the young state . This is the decisive circumstance which renders reciprocity between them impossible . The rich old state is as superior to the young one in the production of manufactures , as the poor young state is to the rich old one in that of subsistence . The steam-engine , capital , and machinery , have so enormously increased the power of manufacturing production , that they have rendered the old commercial state omnipotent in the foreign market in the supply of its articles . Nothing but fiscal regulations and heavy duties can protect the young state from ruin in those branches of industry . Heavy taxes , high wages , costly rents , dear rude produce , all are at once compensated , and more than compensated , by the gigantic powers of the steam-engine . Cotton goods are raised now in Great Britain at a fifth of the price which they were during the war . A gown , which formerly was cheap at £ 2 , 10s ., is now sold for ten shillings . Silks , muslins , and all other articles of female apparel , have been reduced in price in the same proportion . Colossal fortunes have been made by the master manufacturers , unbounded wealth diffused through the operative workmen in Lancashire and Lanarkshire , even at these extremely reduced prices . This is the real reason of the universal effort made by all nations which have the least pretensions to commercial industry , of late years to exclude , by fixed duties , our staple manufactures ; of which the President of the Board of Trade so feelingly complains , and which the advocates of free trade consider as so inexplicable . A very clear principle has led to it , and will lead to it . It is the instinct of SELF-PRESERVATION . But there is no steam-engine in agriculture . The old state has no superiority over the young one in the price of producing food ; on the contrary , it is decidedly its inferior . There , as in love , the apprentice is the master . The proof of this is decisive . Poland can raise wheat with ease at fifteen or twenty shillings a quarter , while England requires fifty . The serf of the Ukraine would make a fortune on the price at which the farmer of Kent or East Lothian would be rendered bankrupt . The Polish cultivators have no objection whatever to a free competition with the British ; but the British anticipate , and with reason , total destruction from the free admission of Polish grain . These facts are so notorious , that they require no illustration ; but nevertheless the conclusion to which they point is of the highest importance , and bears , with overwhelming force , on the theory of free trade as between an old and a young community . They demonstrate that that theory is not only practically pernicious , but on principle erroneous . It involves an oblivion of the fundamental law of nature as to the difference between the effect of wealth and civilization on the production of food and the raising of manufactures . It proceeds on insensibility to the difference in the age and advancement of nations , and the impossibility of a reciprocity being established between them without the ruin of an important branch of industry in each . It supposes nations to be of the same genus and age , like the trees in the larch plantation , not of all varieties and ages , as in the natural forest . If established in complete operation , it would only lead to the ruin of the manufactures of the younger state , and of the agriculture of the old one . The only reciprocity which it can ever introduce between such states is the reciprocity of evil . Illustrations from everyday life occur on all sides to elucidate the utter absurdity , and , in fact , total impracticapability of the system of free trade , as applied to nations who are , or are becoming , rivals of each other in manufacturing industry . Those who have the advantage , will always advocate free competition ; those who are labouring under impediments , will always exclaim against them . In some cases the young have the advantage , in others the old ; but in all the free system is applauded by those in the sunshine , and execrated by those in the shade . The fair debutante of eighteen , basking in the bright light of youth , beauty , birth , and connections , has no sort of objection to the freedom of choice in the ball-room . If the mature spinster of forty would divulge her real opinion , what would it be on the same scene of competition ? Experience proves that she is glad to retire , in the general case , from the unequal struggle , and finds the system of established precedence and fixed rank at dinner parties , much more rational . The leaders on the North Circuit — Sir James Scarlett or Lord Brongham — have no objections to the free choice , by solicitors and attorneys , for professional talent ; but their younger brethren of the gown are fain to take shelter from such formidable rivals in the exclusive employment of the Crown , the East India Company , the Bank of England , or some of the numerous chartered companies in the country . England is the old lawyer on the Cirucuit in manufactures — but Poland is the young beauty of the ball-room in agriculture . We should like to see what sort of reciprocity could be established between them . Possibly the young belle may exchange her beauty for the old lawyer 's guineas , but it will prove a bad reciprocity for both . It is usual for both philosophers and practical men to ascribe the superior cheapness with which subsistence can be raised in the young state to the old one , to the weight of taxes and of debt , public and private , with which the latter is burdened , from which the former is , in general , relieved . But , without disputing that these circumstances enter with considerable weight into the general result , it may safely be affirmed that the main cause of it is to be found in two laws of nature , of universal and permanent application . These are the low value of money in the rich state , in consequence of its plenty , compared with its high value in the poor one , in consequence of its poverty , and the experienced inapplicability of machinery or the division of labour to agricultural operations . Labour is cheap in the poor state , such as Poland , Prussia , and the Ukraine , becuase guineas are few .— “ It is not , ” as Johnson said of the Highlands , “ that eggs are many , but that pence are few . ” Commercial transactions being scanty , and the want of a circulating medium inconsiderable , it exists to a very limited extent in the country . People do not need a large circulating medium , therefore they do not buy it ; they are poor , therefore they cannot . In the opulent and highly advanced community , on the other hand , the reverse of all this takes place . Transactions are so frequent , the necessities of commerce so extensive , that a large circulating medium is soon felt to be indispensable . In addition to a considerable amount of specie , the aid of bank-notes , public and private , of Government securities and exchequer bills , and of private bills to an immense ammount , bcomes necessary . McCulloch calculates the circulating medium of Great Britain , including paper and gold , at L. 72 , 000 , 000 . The bills in circulation are probably in amount nearly as much more . A hundred and forty , or a hundred and fifty millions , between specie , bank-notes , exchequer bills , Government securities , on which advances are made , and private bills , constitute the ordinary circulating medium of twenty-seven millions in the British empire . The total circulation of Russia , with sixty millions of inhabitants , is not forty millions sterling . The effect of this difference is prodigions . It is no wonder , whten it is taken into account , that wages are 5-1 / 2d . or 6d . a-day in Poland or the Ukraine , and 2s . or 2s . 6d . a-day in England . The clearest proof that this is the great cause of the superior cost of raising subsistence in the old than the young state , is afforded by the different value which money bears in different parts of the same community . Ask any housekeeper what is the difference between the expense of living in London , Edinburgh , and Aberdeen , and he will answer , that L. 1500 a-year in Edingburgh , or L. 750 in Aberdeen . Yet these different places are all situated in the same community , and their inhabitants pay the same public taxes , and very nearly the same of local ones . It is the vast results arising from the concentration of wealth and expediture in one place , compared with its abstraction from others , which occasions the difference . But if this effect is conspicuous , and matter of daily observation , in different parts of the same compact and moderately sized country , how much more must it obtain in regard to different countries , situated in different latitudes and politcal circumstances , and in different stages of wealth , civilization , and commercial opulence ? Between England for example , and Poland or the Ukraine ? The difference is there important and durable . Wheat can be raised with as good a profit to the cultivator for sixteen shillings per quarter in Poland , as for forty-eight shillings in England or Scotland . This superior weight of wages , rent and all the elements of cost , in the old , when compared with the young community , affects the manufacturer as well as the farmer ; and in some branches of manufactures it does so with an overwhelming effect . But , generally speaking , the advantages of capital , machinery , and the division of labour , render the old state altogether predominant over the young one in these particulars . It would seem to be a fixed law of nature , that the progress of society adds almost nothing to the application of machinery to agriculture , but indefinitely to its importance in manufactures . Observe an old man digging his garden with a spade — that is the most productive species of cultivation ; it is the last stage of agricultural progress to return to it . No steam engines or steam ploughs will ever rival it . But what is the old weaver toiling with his hands , to the large steam-power mill , turning at once ten thousand spindles ? As dust in the balance . Man , by a beneficent law of his Maker , is permanently secured in his first and best pursuit . It is in those which demoralize and degrade , that machinery progressively encroaches on the labour of his hands . England can undersell India in muslins and printed goods , manufactured in Lancashire or Lanarkshire , out of cotton which grew on the banks of the Ganges ; for England though younger in years compared to India , is old in civilization , wealth , and power . We should like to see what profit would be made by exporting wheat from England , raised on land paying thirty shillings an acre of rent , by labourers paid at two shillings a-day , to Hindostan , where rice is raised twice a-year , on land paying five shillings an acre rent , by labourers receiving twopence a-day each . It is the constant operation of this law of nature which ensures the equalization of empires , the happiness of society , and the dispersion of mankind . To be convinced of this , we have only to reflect on the results which would ensue if this were not the case ; if no unvarying law gave man in remote situations an advantage in raising subsistence over what they enjoy in the centres of opulence ; and agriculture , in the aged and wealthy community , was able to acquire the same decisive superiority over distant and comparatively poor ones , which we see daily examplified in the production of manufactures . Suppose , for example , that in consequence of the application of the steam-engine , capital , and machinery to the raising of subsistence , Great Britian could undersell the cultivatiors of Poland and the Ukraine as effectually as she does their manufacturers in the production of cotton goods ; that she could sell in the Polish market wheat at five shillings a quarter , when they require fifteen shillings to remunerate the cost of production . Would not the result be , that commerce between them would be entirely destroyed ; that subsistence would be exclusively raised in the old opulent community ; that mankind would congregate in fearful multitudes round the great commercial emporium of the world ; and that the industry and progress of the more distant nations would be irrevocably blighted ? Whereas , by the operation of the present law of nature , that the rich state can always undersell the poor one in maufactures , and the poor one always undersell the rich one in subsistence , those dangers are removed , a check is provided to the undue multiplication of the species in particular situations , and the dispersion of mankind over the globe — a vital object in the system of nature — is secured , from the very necessities and difficulties in which , in the progress of society , the old and wealthy community becomes involved . These considerations point out an important limitation to which , on principle , the doctrines of free trade must be subjected . Perfectly just in reference to a single community , or a compact empire of reasonable extent , they wholly fail when applied to separate nations in different degrees of civilization , or even to different provinces of the same empire , when it is of such an extent as to bring such different nations , in various degrees of progress , under one common dominion . They were suggested , in the first instance , to philosophers , by the absurd restrictions on the commerce of grain which existed in France under the old monarchy , and which Turgot and the Economists laboured so assiduously to abolish . There can be no doubt that they were perfectly right in doing so ; for France is a compact , homogeneous country , in which the cost of producing subsistence is not materially different in one part from another , and the interests of the whole community are closely identified . The same holds with the interchange of grain between the different provinces of Spain , or for the various parts of the British islands . But the case is widely different with an empire so extensive as , like the British in modern or the Roman in ancient times , to embrace separate kingdoms , in wholly different circumstances of climate , progress , and social condition . Free trade , in such circumstances , must lead to a destruction of important interests , and a total subversion of the balance of society in both the kingdoms subjected to it . To be conviced of this , we have only to look at the present condition of the British , or the past fate of the Roman empire . It is the boast of our manufacturers — and such a marvel may well afford a subject for exultation — that with cotton which grew on the banks of the Ganges , they can , by the aid of British capital , machinery , and enterprise , undersell , in the production of muslin and cotton goods , the native Indian manufacturers , who work up their fabrics in the close vicinity of the original cotton-fields . The constant and increasing export of Britsh goods to India , two-thirds of which are cotton , demonstrates that this superiority really exists ; and that the muslin manufacturers in Hindostan , who work for 3d . a-day on their own cotton , cannot stand the competition of the British operatives , who receive 3s . 6d . a-day , aided as they are by the almost miraculous powers of the steam-engine . Free trade , therefore , is ruinous to the manufacturing interests of India ; and accordingly the Parliamentary proceedings are filled with evidence of the extreme misery which has been brought on the native manufacturers of Hindostan by that free importation of British goods , in which our political economists so much and so fully exult . The great distance of India from the British islands , the vast expense of transporting bulky articles eight thousand miles accross the ocean , have prevented the counterpart of this effect taking place ; and the British farmers feeling the depressing influence of the Indian plough , in like manner as the Indian manufacturers have the ruinous competition of the British steam-engine . But it is clear that , if India had been nearer , the former effect would have taken place as well as the latter . If the shores of Hindostan were within a few days sail of London and Liverpool , and the Indian cultivators , labouring at 2d . or 3d . a-day , had been brought into direct competition with the British farmers , employing labourers who received two or three shillings , can there be a doubt that the British farmers would have been totally destroyed in the struggle ? The English farmers would have been prostrated by the same cause which has ruined the Indian muslin manufacturers . Cheap grain , the fruit of free trade , would have demolished British agriculture as completely as cheap cotton goods , the fruits of unlimited importation , has ruined Indian manufacturing industry . Is , then , commercial intercourse impossible , on terms of mutual benefit , between states in widely different circumstatnces of commercial or agricultural advancement ; and is the only reciprocity which can exist between them and reciprocity of evil ? It is by no means necessary to rest in so unsatisfatory a conclusion . A most advantageous commercial intercourse to both parties may be carried on , but it must not be on the footing of free trade . The foundation of such an intercourse should be , that each should take , on the most favourable terms , the articles which it wants and does not produce , and impose restrictions on those which it wants and does produce . On this priciple , trade would be conducted so as to benefit both countries , and injure neither . Thus England may take from India to the utmost extent , and with perfect safety , sugar , indigo , cotton , tea , spices , cinnamon , and the more costly species of shawls ; while India might take from England some species of cotton manufacture in which they have no fabrics of their own , cutlery , hardware , and all of the various luxuries of European manufacture . But a paternal and just government , equally alive to the interests of all its provinces , how far removed soever from the seat of power , would impose restrictions to prevent India being deluged with British cottons , to the ruin of its native manufactures , and to prevent Britian — if the distance did not operate , which it certainly would , as a sufficient protection — from being flooded with Indian grain . The varieties of climate , productions , and wants , in different countries , are such , that commerce , regulated on these principles , might be carried to the greatest extent consistent with the paramount duty of providing in each state for the preservation of its staple articles of industry . The Roman empire in ancient times afforded the clearest demonstration of the truth of these principles ; and the fate of their vast dominion shows , in the most decisive manner , what is the inevitable consequence to which the free trade principles , now so strongly contended for by a party in this country , must lead . Alison is the first modern author with whom we are acquainted , who has traced the decline of the Roman empire in great part to this source . In the tenth volume of his “ History of Europe , ” p. 752 , we find the following passage :— “ No nation can pretend to independence which rests for any sensible protion of its subsistence in ordinary seasons on foreign , who may become hostile , nations . And if we would see a memorable example of the manner in which the greatest and most powerful nation may , in the course of ages , come to be paralysed by this cause , we have only to cast our eyes on imperial Rome , when the vast extent of the empire had practically established a free trade in grain with the whole civilized world ; and the result was , that cultivation disappeared from the Italian plains , that the race of Roman agriculturists , the strength of the empire , became extinct , that the fields were laboured only by slaves and cattle . The legions could no longer be recruited but from foreign bands , vast tracts of pasturage overspread even the fields of Lombardy and the Compagna of Naples , and it was the plaintive confession of the Roman annalist , that the mistress of the world had come to depend for her subsistence on the floods of the Nile . ” This observation has excited , as well it might , the vehement indignation of the free trade journals . The example of the greates and most powerful nation that ever existed being weakened , and at length ruined by a free trade in corn , afforded too cogent an argument , and was too striking a warning , not to excite the wrath of those who would precipitate Great Britain into a similar course of policy . They have attacked the author , accordingly , with unwonted asperity ; and , while they admint the ruin of Italian agriculture in the later stages of the Roman empire , endeavour to ascribe it to the gratuitous distribution of grain to the Roman populace , not the effect of a free importation of grain from its Egyptian and African provinces . The vast importance of the subject has induced us to look into the original authorities to whom Alison refers in support of his observation , and from among them we select three — Tacitus , Gibbon , and Michelet . Tacitus says , “ At Hercule olim ex Itaila legionibus longinquas in provincias commeatus portabantur , nec nunc infecunditate laboratur ; sed Africam potius et Egyptum exercemus , navibusque et casibus vita populi Romani permissa est . ” — TACITUS , Annal . xii . 43 . Antiquity does not contain a more pregnant and important passage , or one more directly bearing on the present policy of the Britsh emprire , than this . It demonstrates : 1 , That in former times Italy had been an exporting country : “ olim ex Italia commeatus in longinquas provincias portabantur . ” 2 , That at the time when Tacitus wrote , in the days of the Emperor Trajan , it had ceased to be so , and had come to import largely from Africa and Lybia , “ sed nunc Africam potius et Egyptum exercemus . ” 3 , That this was not the result of any supervening sterility or unfruitfulness , “ nec nunc infecunditate laboratur , ” but was from causes which made it more profitable to purchase grain in the Egyptian or Lybian markets , “ sed Africam POTIUS et Egyptum exercemus . ” Of the extent to which this decay of agriculture in the central provinces of the Roman empire went , in the latter stages of its history , we have the following striking account in the authentic pages of Gibbon :— “ Since the age of Tiberius the decay of agriculture had been felt in Italy ; and it was a just subject of complaint that the life of the Roman people depended on the accidents of the winds and the waves . In the division and decline of the empire , the tributary harvests of Egypt and Africa were withdrawn ; the numbers of the inhabitants continually diminished with the means of subsistence ; and the country was exhausted by the irretrievable losses of war , pestilence , and famine . Pope Gelasius was a subject of Odoacer , and he affirms , with strong exaggeration , that , in Emilia , Tuscany , and the adjacent provinces , the human species was almost extirpated . ” — GIBBON , vol . vi . c. xxxvi . p. 235 . Of the progress and extent of this decay , Gibbon gives the following account in another part of his great work :— “ The agriculture of the Roman provinces was insensibly ruined ; and in the progress of despotism , which tends to disappoint its own purpose , the emperors were obliged to derive some merit from the forgiveness of debts , or the remission of tributes , which their subjects were utterly incapable of paying . According to the new division of Italy , the fertile and happy province of Campania , the scene of the early victories and of the delicious retirements of the citizens of Rome , extended between the sea and the Apennines , from the Tiber to the Silarius . Within sixty years after the death of Constantine , and on the evidence of an actual survey , an exemption was granted in favour of 330 , 000 English acres of desert and uncultivated land , which amounted to one-eighth of the whole surface of the province . As the footsteps of the barbarians had not yet been seen in Italy , the cause of this amazing desolation , which is recorded in the laws , ( Cod . Theod . lxi . t. 38 , l. 2 ,) can be ascribed only to the administration of the Roman emperors . ” — GIBBON , vol . iii . c. xviii . p. 87 . Edition in 12 volumes . Michelet observes , in his late profound and able History of France — “ The Christian emperors could not remedy the growing depopulation of the country any more than their heathen predecessors . All their efforts only showed the impotence of government to arrest that dreadful evil . Sometimes , alarmed at the depopulation , they tried to mitigate the lot of the farmer , to shield him against the landlord ; upon this the proprietor exclaimed he could no longer pay the taxes . At other times they abandoned the farmer , surrendered him to the landlord , and strove to chain him to the soil ; but the unhappy cultivators perished or fled , and the land became deserted . Even in the time of Augustus , efforts were made to arrest the depopulation at the expense of morals , by encouraging concubinage . Pertinax granted an immunity from taxes to those who could occupy the desert lands of Italy , to the cultivators of the distant provinces , and the allied kings . Aurelian did the same . Probus was obliged to transport from Germany men and oxen to cultivate Gaul . [ 13 ] Maximian and Constantius transported the Franks and Germans from Picardy and Hainault into Italy : but the depopulation in the towns and the country alike continued . The people surrendered themselves in the fields to despair , as a beast of burden lies down beneath his load and refuses to rise . In vain the emperor strove , by offers of immunities and exemptions , to recall the cultivator to his deserted fields . Nothing could do so . The desert extended daily . At the commencement of the fifth century there was , in the happy Campania , the most fertile province of the empire , 520 , 000 jugera in a state of nature . ” — MICHELET , Histoire de France , i . 104-108 . [ 13 ] “ Arantur Gallicana rura barbaris bobus , et juga Germanica captiva praebent colla nostris cultoribus . ” — Probi Epist . ad Senatum in Vopesio . Pursued to its very grave by the same deep-rooted cause of evil , the strength of Italy , even in the last stages of its decay , was still prostrated by the importation of grain from Egypt and Lybia . “ The Campagna of Rome , ” says Gibbon , “ about the close of the sixth century , was reduced to the state of a dreary wilderness , in which the land was barren , the waters impure , and the air infectious . Yet the number of citizens still exceeded the measure of subsistence ; their precarious food was supplied from the harvests of Egypt and Lybia ; and the frequent repetitions of famine betray the inattention of the emperors to a distant provice . ” — GIBBON , vil . viii . c. xlv . 162 . Nor was this desolating scourge of foreign importation confined to Italy ; it obtained also in Greece equally with the Ausonian fields , the abode of early riches , opulence , and prosperity . “ In the later stages of the empire , ” says Michelet , “ Greece was almost entirely supported by corn raised in the fields of Podolia , ” ( Poland .) — MICHELET , i . 277 . Now let it be recollected that this continual and astonishing decline of agriculture , and disappearance of the rural cultivators in the latter stages of the Roman empire , took place in an empire which contained , as Gibbon tells us , 120 , 000 , 000 of inhabitants , and 1600 great cities , was 3000 miles long and 2000 miles broad , contained 1 , 600 , 000 square miles , chiefly fertile and well cultivated land , which embraced the fairest and most fertile portions of the earth , and which had been governed for eighty yers under the successive sway of Nerva , Adrian , Trajan , and the two Antonines , with consummate wisdon and the most paternal spirit . [ 14 ] The scourge of foreign war , the devastation of foreign armies , were alike unknown ; profound tranquillity pervaded every part of the empire ; and a vast inland lake , spreading its ample waters through the heart of the dominion , afforded to all its provinces the most perfect facility of intercourse with the metropolis and the central parts of the empire . Yet this period — the period which Mr Hume has told us the philosophers would select as the happiest the human race had ever known — was precisely that during which agriculture so rapidly declined in the Italian and Grecian fields , during which the sturdy race of free cultivators disappeared , and the plains of Italy were entirely absorbed by pasturage , and maintained only vast herds of cattle tended by slaves . [ 14 ] “ Quingena viginti octo millia quadringinta duo jugera , quae Campania provincia , juxta inspectorum relationem , in desertis et squalidis locis habero dignoscitur , iisdem provincialibus concessum . ” — Cod . Theod . lxi . i . 2382 . What was it , then , which in an empire containing so immense a population , and such boundless resources , drawn forth and developed under so wise and beneficent a race of emperors , occasioned this constant and uninterrupted decay of agriculture , and at length the total destruction of the rural population in the heart of the empire ? How did it happen that Italian cultivation receded , as Tacitus and Gibbon tell us it did , from the time of Tiberius ; and equally under the wisdom of the Antonines , as the tyranny of Nero , or the civil wars of Vitellius ? Some general and durable cause must have been in operation during all this period , which at firest depressed , and at length totally destroyed , the numerous body of free Italian cultivators who so long had constituted the strength of the legions , and had borne the Roman eagles , conquering and to conquer , to the very extremities of the habitable earth . The cause is apparent . It was the free importation of Egyptian and Lybian grain , consequent on the extension of the Roman dominion over their fertile fields , which effected the result . Were England to extend its conquering arms over Poland and the Ukraine , and , as a necessary consequence , expose the British farmer to the unrestrained competition of Polish and Russian wheat , precisely the same result would ensue . If the shores of Hindostan were within three or four days ’ sail of the Tiber , this result would long ago have taken place . Let Polish and Russian grain be admitted without a protecting duty into the British harbours , as Lybian and Egyptian were into those of Italy , and we shall soon see the race of cultivators disappear from the fields of England as they did from those of old Rome , and the words of Tacitus will , by a mere change of proper names , become a picture of our condition ; three hundred thousand acres will soon be reduced to a state of nature in Kent and Norfolk , as they were in the Campania Felix . “ Nec nunc infecunditate laboramur , Podoliam potius et Scythiam exercemus , navibusque et casibus vita populi Anglici permissa est . ” The free traders allege that the decay of agriculture in the central provinces of the Roman empire , to which , by the concurring testimony of all historians , the ruin of the dominion of the Caesars was chiefly owing , is to be ascribed , not to the free importation of grain from Egypt , Podolia , and Lybia , but to the tyranny of the emperors , the gratuitous distribution of grain to the Roman populace , and the dreadful evils of domestic slavery . A very slight consideration , however , must be sufficient to show that these causes , how powerful soever in producing general evils over the empire , could not have been instrumental in occasioning those peculiar and separate causes of depression , which so early began to check , and at length totally destroyed , the agriculture of its central provinces . The tyranny of the Caesars , the oppression of the Proconsuls , the avarice of the Patricians , were general evils , affecting alike every part of the empire ; or rather they were felt with more severity in the remote provinces than the districts nearer home , in consequence of the superior opportunities of escape which distance from the central government afforded to iniquity , and the lesser chance of success which the insurrection of a remote province held forth to the “ wild revenge ” of rebellion . Muscovite oppression , accordingly , is more severely felt at Odessa or Taganrog than St Petersburg ; and British rule is far from being restrained by the same considerations of justice on the banks of the Ganges or the Indus , as on those of the Thames . The gratuitous distribution of grain by the emperors to the populace of Rome , could never have occasioned the ruin of the Italian cultivators . Supposing that the two or three hundred thousand lazy and turbulent plebeians , who were nourished by the bounty or fed by the terrors of the Caesars , were the most useless , worthless , and dangerous set of men that ever existed , ( which they probably were ,) that circumstance could never have uprooted the race of cultivators from the plains of Lombardy , Umbria , or the Campania Felix . The greatest possible good to a nation , according to the free trader , is cheap grain , and never more so than when it is purchased or imported from foreign growers . If this be true , the importation of the harvests of Egypt and Africa into the Italian harbours , either by the voluntary purchase of the Roman emperors , or the forced tribute in grain which they exacted from those provinces , must have been the greatest possible benefit to the Italian people . How then , if there be no mischief in such foreign importations , is it possible to ascribe the ruin of Italian cultivation , and with it of the Roman empire , to these forced contributions ? If the free traders have recourse to such an argument , they concede the very point in dispute , and admit that the introduction of foreign grain is injurious , and may in the end prove fatal , to the agriculture and existence of a state . Slavery , though a great evil , will as little explain the peculiar and extraordinary decline of Italian and Grecian cultivation in the later stages of the Roman empire . The greater part of the labour of the ancient world , as every one knows , was conducted by means of slaves . They were slaves who held the plough , and tilled the land , and tended the flocks , equally in Lybia , in Campania , in Egypt , as in Umbria . Nay , the number of freemen , at least in the days of the Roman Republic , and the earlier periods of the empire , was incomparably greater in Italy and Greece , the abode of celebrated , powerful , and immortal republics , than in Lybia and Egypt , which from the earliest times had been subject to the despotic sway of satraps , kings , and tyrants . So numerous were the free citizens of Rome in the early days of the empire , that , by the census of Claudius , we are told by Gibbon they amounted to 6 , 945 , 000 men , [ 15 ] the greater proportion of whom , of course , were residents in Italy , the seat of government , and the centre of wealth , power , and enjoyment . While so great was the multitude of free citizens which the Republic bequeathed to the empire , resident and exercising unfettered industry in Italy , the cultivators of Africa and Egypt were all serfs and slaves , toiling , like the West Indian negroes , beneath the lash of a master . How , then , did it happen that the labour of the Italian freeman was disused , and at length extinguished , while that of the African and Egyptian slaves continued to furnish grain for Italy down to the very latest period of the empire ? We are told that the labour of freemen is cheaper than that of slaves ; and the free traders will probably not dispute that proposition . It could not , therefore , have been the slavery of antiquity which ruined Italian agriculture , carried on , in part at least , by freemen ; since African agriculture , the fruits entirely of slavery , continued to flourish down to the very last days of the Roman world . [ 15 ] GIBBON , chap . i . 68 . The severe taxation of the emperors is justly stated by Gibbon and Sismondi , as well as Michelet , as a principal cause of the decline of Italian agriculture : but very little consideration is required to show , that this cause is inadequate to explain this ruin of cultivation in the Italian plains , when it continued to flourish and maintain the chief cities of the empire with food , in Egypt and Lybia . Heavy as it was , and oppressive as it ultimately became , it was equal ; it was the same every where ; it might , therefore , satisfactorily explain the general decline of rural industry through the empire , and doubtless had a large share in contributing to its downfall ; but it cannot explain the particular ruin of it , in the central provinces of this vast dominion , while it continued , down to the very last moment , to flourish in its remote dependencies . But the taxation of the empire , when coupled with the free importation of grain from these distant dependencies , does afford a most satisfactory , and , in truth , the true explanation of the ruin of Italian and Grecian cultivation . It was a fixed principle of Roman taxation , that the duties allotted on a particular district should remain fixed , how much lower the inhabitants or industry of the province might decline . When , therefore , by the constant importation of Egyptian and African grain , raised at half the cost at which they could produce it , the Italian cultivators were deprived of a remunerating return , and the taxes exacted from each district underwent no diminution , it is not surprising that the small farmers and proprietors were ruined ; that they took refuge in the industry and crowds of cities , and that the race of freemen disappeared from the country . A similar process is now going on in the Turkish provinces . But without undervaluing — on the contrary , attaching full weight to this circumstance — nothing can be clearer than that it was the ruinous competition of foreign grain , raised cheaper than they could produce it , which rendered the same taxation crushing on the Italian farmers , which was borne with comparative facility in the remoter provinces , where land was more fertile , and labour less expensive . An example , à fortiori , applied to the British empire , where the free traders wish us to admit a free importation of grain from Poland and the Ukraine , where not only is labour cheap but taxation trifling , into the British islands , where not only is labour dear but taxation is five times more burdensome . And for a decisive proof that it was the superior advantages which Egypt and Lybia enjoyed in the production of grain , and not any other causes , which occasioned the ruin of Italian agriculture , and with it the fall of the Roman empire , we have only to look to the condition of the Italian fields in the last stages of the government of the Caesars . Already , in the time of the elder Pliny , it had become a subject of complaint that the great properties were ruining Italy [ 16 ] — a sure proof , when the great division of estates in the days of the Republic — when , literally speaking , “ every rood had its man ” — that some general and irresistible cause , affecting the remuneration of their industry , was exterminating the small proprietors . Erelong , cultivators ceased entirely in the country , and the huge estates of the nobles were cultivated exclusively in pasturage , and by means of slaves . “ La classe , ” says Michelet , “ des petits cultivateurs peu à pee a disparu ; les grands proprietaires qui leur succed è rent y supple è rent par des esclaves . "[ 17 ] It is recorded by Ammianus Marcellinus , that when Rome was taken by the Goths , it contained 1 , 200 , 000 inhabitants , and was mainly supported by 1780 great families , who cultivated their ample estates in Italy in pasturage , by means of slaves . [ 18 ] For centuries before , the threat of blockading the Tiber had been found to be the most effectual way of coercing the Roman populace ; and whenever it took place , famine ensued , not only in Rome , but the Italian provinces . The diminution of its agricultural produce had , long before , been stated by Columella at nine-tenths , and by Varro at three-fourths , of what at one period had been raised . Yet such was the wealth of the Roman nobles , derived from pasturage , that some of them had L. 160 , 000 a-year . [ 19 ] Agriculture , therefore , was destroyed ; grain was no longer raised in Italy ; Rome was wholly dependent on foreign supplies — but pasturage was undecayed ; and colossal fortunes were enjoyed by a wealthy race of great proprietors , who managed their vast estates by means of slaves , and had bought up and absorbed the properties of the whole free cultivators in the country . Such was the effect — such was the result — of a free trade in grain in ancient times . [ 16 ] “ Verumque confitentibus latifundia perdidere Italiam . ” — PLINY , Hist . Nat. xviii . 7 . [ 17 ] MICHELET , i . 96 . [ 18 ] AMMIANUS MARCELLINUS , c . xvi .— See also GIBBON , vi . 264 . [ 19 ] GIBBON , vi . 262 . The free traders seem not insensible to these inevitable results of their favourite principles ; but they meet them by describing such consequences as rather advantageous than injurious . If England , say they , can raise iron and cotton goods cheaper than Poland , and Poland and Russia grain cheaper than England , then the interest of each require that they should follow out these branches of industry , and it is impolitic to strive against it . Let , then , England admit foreign grain on a nominal duty , and this will in the end induce Russia and Prussia to admit English manufactured goods on equally favourable terms ; and thus the real interests of both countries will in the end be promoted . There are two objections to this system . In the first place , it is impracticable if it were expedient . In the second , it is inexpedient if it were practicable . It is impracticable if it were expedient . Theoretical writers may coolly discuss in their closets the total destruction of various important branches of industry , the “ absorption ” of the persons engaged in them in other pursuits , and the transference of national capital and industry from agriculture to manufactures , and vice vers à; but it is impossible to effect such changes by the voluntary act of government , even in the most despotic country . We say by the voluntary act of government ; because there is no doubt that it may be effected , though at an enormous sacrifice of life , wealth , and happiness , by the silent and unobserved operation of the laws of nature , which are irresistible ; as was the case with the transference of industry from agriculture to pasturage , under the effect of free trade in grain in the countries bordering on the Mediterranean , in the later stages of the Roman empire ; or from manufactures to agriculture , from the consequences of the discovery of the Cape of Good Hope in the Italian republics in modern times . But no government , not even that of the Czar Peter or Sultaun Mahmoud , could succeed in destroying or nipping in the bud brances of national industry , by simple acts of the legislature or sovereign authority , not imposed by external and irresistible authority . The Emperor Paul tried it , and got a sash twisted about his neck , according to the established fashion of that country , for his pains . The Whigs tried it , and were turned out of office in consequence . All the governments of Europe , despotic , constitutional , and democratic , meet our concessions , in favour of free trade , by increased protection to their manufacturers . They dare not destroy their rising commercial wealth any more than we dare destroy our old colossal agricultural investments . The republicans of America even exceed them in the race of tariffs and protection . Sixty-two per cent has lately been laid on our British iron goods in return for Sir Robert Peel 's tariff ; a similar duty on iron and cotton goods , it is well known , is contemplated in the Prussian leagues in Germany . The British government has at length , through its prime minister , spoken out firmly in support of the existing corn-laws . The feeling of the agricultural counties , as evinced at the late meetings , left them no alternative . All nations , under all varieties of government , situation , race , and political circumstances , concur in rising up to resist the doctrines of free trade . Necessity has enlightened , experience has taught them : a very clear motive urges them on , which is not likely to decline in strength with the progress of time — it is the instinct of self-preservation . Such a system as the free traders advocate , if practicable , would be to the last degree inexpedient . What would be the result ? Why , that one country would become wholly , or in great part , agricultural , and the other wholly , or in great part , manufacturing . Is this a result desirable to either ? Admitting that a city or small state , which has no territory which can furnish any considerable proportion of the subsistence which it requires , like Holland , may do well to attend exclusively to manufactures and commerce ; or a country which , by the rigour of nature , or the remoteness of its situation , cannot attain to commercial or manufacturing greatness , would do well to attend exclusively to the cultivation or productions of the earth ; the question which here occurs — Is such a system advisable or expedient for a nation which has received from the bounty of nature the means of rising to greatness in both — such as Great Britain , Russia , or Prussia ? The free traders would have England sacrifice its agriculture to its manufactures , and Russia sacrifice its manufactures to its agriculture . Would such a system benefit either ? Would England be happier or richer , more stable or more moral , if the already colossal amount of its manufactures were trebled ; or Russia , if its rising iron and woolen fabrics were destroyed , and its industry confined exclusively to the slow return of agricultural labour ? Is it desirable that the zone of tall chimneys , sickly faces , brick houses , and crowded jails , which at present spans across the whole of England and part of Scotland , should be doubled and trebled in breadth ; and the fertile fields of Kent , Norfolk , and East Lothian , be reduced to vast unenclosed pastures , such as overspread Italy in the later stages of the Roman empire ? Or is it desirable to Russia and Prussia that they should be for ever chained to the labour of boors , serfs , and shepherds , and all the vivifying and unimportant effects of commercial wealth be denied to their exertions ? Nature has designed , experience recommends , a very different system . History tells us in all parts of the world , that it is in the intermixture of commerce and agriculture that the best security is to be found for social happiness and advancement , and the most effectual antidote provided to the evils with which either , when existing alone , is so prone . Mr McCulloch has told us , that the commerce and manufactures of Great Britain have now risen to such a prodigious height , that any further extension of them is undesirable , and that no real patriot would have desired them to have become so extensive as they already are . Is it desirable , in such a state of matters , to go on increasing the same splendid but perilous system , and to do so at the expense of the great pillar of national wealth , security , and independence — the land of the state ? Further , the proposed system is pernicious even with reference to the national wealth and interests of the manufacturers themselves , as tending to undermine the main branches of our national resources , and substitute encouragement to an inferior , to upholding of the superior market for our manufacturing industry . Although in the meetings where they address the agricultural constituencies , the free traders hold out that their measures would benefit the manufacturers , and not injure the agriculturists ; yet nothing can be clearer than that this is a mere shallow pretext , put forth to conceal their real objects and the effect of their measures , and that the result they really anticipate is as different from that as the poles are asunder . What is the benefit they hold out to the community as an inducement to go into their measures ? Cheap grain . What is the motive which stimulates all their efforts , and which , among themselves and in private conversation with all men of sense , they at once admit is their ruling object ? Reduced wages ; the hope of extending our export in foreign countries by taking an additional quantity of their rude produce ; and diminishing the cost of production to our manufacturers by lowering the price of food , and with it the wages of labour . The whole strength of their case rests in these propositions . Their influence over the urban multitudes arises solely from the continual reiteration of these alluring hopes . If these effects are not to follow free trade and the efforts of the League , in the name of Heaven , what good are they to do , and why do they agitate the country and subscribe to the League fund ? Sensible men do not throw away £ 100 , 000 for nothing , for no benefit to themselves or others . But these prospects are as fallacious as they are alluring , and so a very few observations will demonstrate . Considered in a national point of view , if the matter is brought to this issue , the great question is — Whether agriculture or manufactures are the superior interests in the production of national wealth . Admitting that the true policy for government is to protect all the branches of national industry , and stoutly contending , as we do , and ever shall do , that the real and ultimate interests of all is the same , and cannot be separated — the question comes to be , if one fiercely demands the sacrifice of the other , and insists that its interests are so weighty and momentous that all others must be sacrificed to them , which of the two thus placed in jeopardy is the most momentous ? which brings in most to the national treasury ? Now , on this point the facts are as adverse to the arguments of the League , as on all other branches of their case . Take the sum total of manufactures in Great Britain and Ireland , accompanied with the sum total of agricultural production , in order to discover which of the two is the more valuable interest — in order that it may be discovered , if matters are brought to that issue that one or other must be abandoned , which is to be sacrificed . The choice of a wise government could not be doubtful , if it were necessary to make the selection . The agricultural productions of the British islands amount to L. 300 , 000 , 000 a-year , while the sum total of manufactures of every description is only L. 180 , 000 , 000 . Nor can it be said , with any degree of truth , that the agriculture of the country is dependent for its existence on its manufactures , and would decline if they were materially injured ; for the example of modern Italy and Flanders proves , that three centuries after a country has ceased to be the chief in manufacturing or commercial industry , it may advance with undiminished vigour and success in the production of agricultural riches . But this is not all . The statistical documents which have now been prepared with so much care by Parliament , and published by the accurate and indefatigable Mr Porter , himself a decided free trader , demonstrate that , of the manufacturing productions , nearly three-fourths are taken off by the home market , and four-fifths by the home and colonial market taken together , leaving only ONE-FIFTH for the whole foreign markets of the world put together — “ The total amount of British manufactures annually produced is about £ 180 , 000 , 000 worth , of which only £ 47 , 000 , 000 is taken off by the whole external trade of the world put together , while no less than £ 133 , 000 , 000 is consumed in the home market ; and of the foreign consumption , fully a third is absorbed by the British Colonies , in different parts of the world . So that the home and colonial trade is to the whole foreign put together as 5 to 1 . And , whle the total produce of manufactures is £ 180 , 000 , 000 annually , and of mines and minerals £ 13 , 776 , 000 , the amount of agricultural produce annually extracted from the soil is not less than £ 300 , 000 , 000 ; or a half more than the whole manufactures and mines put together . ” Further , if we compare the proportion purchased of our manufactures , which is taken off by foreign nations , for the export to whom we are required to make the sacrifice of our domestic agriculture , with what is consumed by our own native population , whether in the British islands or in our colonies of British descent , the difference is prodigious , and such as might well , even for their own sake , make the Anti-corn-law League pause in their career of violence . From the tables compiled from Porter 's Parliamentary Tables , and the population of the different states to whom we export , taken from Malte Brun and Balbi , it appears , that while the British population , whether at home or abroad , consume from £ 3 to £ 5 a-head worth of our manufactures , the foreign nations to whom we are willing to sacrifice the British agriculturists , take off per head ONLY AS MANY PENCE . In preferring the one to the other , therefore , we are , literally speaking , penny wise and pound foolish . We have shown how agriculture was ruined in the Roman empire in Italy , by the free importation of grain from the Lybian and Egyptian provinces of the empire . As a contrast to that woful progress , the main cause of the destruction of the empire of the Caesars , we request the attention of our readers to the progress of British exports in official value , which indicates their amount from 1790 to 1840 , premising that the whole of that period was one of protection to the British agriculturist ; during the first twenty years of the period , by the effects of the war — during the last twenty-five , by the operation of the corn law and sliding scale , introduced in 1814 . We recommend the advocates of free trade to search the annals of the world for a similar instance of progress and prosperity flowing from , or co-existent with , the practical adoption of their principles . These facts , which , in truth , are altogether decisive of the present question , point to the great source from which the errors of the free trade party are derived , and which appears , in an especial manner , their favourite position , that cheap prices is an unmitigated blessing , and that the great thing to attend to is to increase our imports . Cheap prices of grain are like the Amreeta cap in Kehama ; the greatest of all blessings is the greatest of all curses , according as they arise from magnitude of domestic production , or magnitude of foreign importation . Of the first we had an example during the five fine years in succession , from 1830 to 1835 , during which the foreign importation was practically abolished by the abundant harvests , and consequent high duty on grain under the sliding scale . This was a period , as all the world knows , of universal and unexampled commercial prosperity . Of the second we had a memorable example during the five bad years in succession , which elapsed fiom 1836 to 1840 , in the course of which the corn laws , from the effect of the same sliding scale , and the continued low prices , were practically abolished ; and importations , at the close of the period , amounted to 2 , 500 , 000 quarters , and , on an average of the whole , was little short of 2 , 000 , 000 of quarters . And what was the result ? The exportation of 6 , 000 , 000 of sovereigns in a single year to buy grain ; an unexampled pressure on the money market ; commercial embarrassments , long-continued , and severe beyond all former precedent ; the contraction of ten millions of additional debt in four years , and the creation of a deficit which at length rose to the formidable amount , in 1842 , of L. 4 , 000 , 000 sterling ! And what first dispelled this distress , and arrested this downward and disastrous progress ? The fine harvests of 1842 — the blessed sun of its long summer , followed by the more checkered , but also fine summer of 1843 , which again gave us plenty , derived from domestic production , and consequent general and increasing manufacturing as well as rural prosperity . It is in vain , therefore , to say , cheap prices are a blessing in themselves , and the consumers at least are ever benefited by a fall in the cost of grain . Cheap prices are a real blessing if that effect consists with prosperity to the producer , as by improved methods of cultivation or manufacture , or the benignity of nature in giving fine seasons . But cheap prices are the greatest of all evils , and to none more shall the consumers , if they are the result , not of the magnitude of domestic production , but of the magnitude of foreign importation . It was that sort of cheap prices which ruined the Roman empire , from the destruction of the agriculture of Italy ; it is that sort of cheap prices which has ruined the Indian weavers , from the disastrous competition of the British steam-engine ; it is that sort of low prices which has so grievously depressed British shipping , from the disastrous competition of the Baltic vessels under the reciprocity system . It is in vain for the consumers to say , we will separate our case from that of the producers , and care not , so as we get low prices , what comes of them . Where will the consumers be , and that erelong , if the producers are destroyed ? What will be the condition of the landlords if their farmers are ruined ? or of bondholders if their debtors are bankrupt ? or of railway proprietors if traffic ceases ? or of owners of bank stock if bills are no longer presented for discount ? or of the 3 per cents if Government , by the failure of the productive industry of the country , is rendered bankrupt ? The consumers all rest on the producers , and must sink or swim with them . Edinburgh : Printed by Ballantyne and Hughes , Paul 's Work .