CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 437 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , MAY 15 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . LONDON CROSSING-SWEEPERS . There is no occupation in life , be it ever so humble , which is justly worthy of contempt , if by it a man is enabled to administer to his necessities without becoming a burden to others , or a plague to them by the parade of shoeless feet , fluttering rags , and a famished face . In the multitudinous drama of life , which on the wide theatre of the metropolis is ever enacting with so much intense earnestness , there is , and from the very nature of things there always must be , a numerous class of supernumeraries , who from time to time , by the force of varying circumstances , are pushed and hustled off the stage , and shuffled into the side-scenes , the drear and dusky background of the world 's proscenium . Of the thousands and tens of thousands thus rudely dealt with , he is surely not the worst who , wanting a better weapon , shoulders a birch-broom , and goes forth to make his own way in the world , by removing the moist impediments of filth and refuse from the way of his more fortunate fellows . Indeed , look upon him in what light you may , he is in some sort a practical moralist . Though far remote from the ivy chaplet on Wisdom 's glorious brow , yet his stump of withered birch inculcates a lesson of virtue , by reminding us , that we should take heed to our steps in our journeyings through the wilderness of life ; and , so far as in him lies , he helps us to do so , and by the exercise of a very catholic faith , looks for his reward to the value he supposes us to entertain for that virtue which , from time immemorial , has been in popular parlance classed as next to godliness . Time was , it is said , when the profession of a street-sweeper in London was a certain road to competence and fortune — when the men of the brooms were men of capital ; when they lived well , and died rich , and left legacies behind them to their regular patrons . These palmy days , at any rate , are past now . Let no man , or woman either , expect a legacy at this time of day from the receiver of his copper dole . The labour of the modern sweeper is nothing compared with his of half a century ago . The channel of viscous mud , a foot deep , through which , so late as the time when George the Third was king , the carts and carriages had literally to plough their way , no longer exists , and the labour of the sweeper is reduced to a tithe of what it was . He has no longer to dig a trench in the morning , and wall up the sides of his fosse with stiff earth , hoarded for the purpose , as we have seen him doing in the days when ‘ Boney ’ was a terror . The city scavengers have reduced his work to a minimum , and his pay has dwindled proportionately . The twopences which used to be thrown to a sweeper will now pay for a ride , and the smallest coin is considered a sufficient guerdon for a service so light . But what he has lost in substantial emolument , he has gained in morale ; he is infinitely more polite and attentive than he was ; he sweeps ten times as clean for a half-penny as he did for twopence or sixpence , and thanks you more heartily than was his wont in the days of yore . The truth is , that civility , as a speculation , is found to pay ; and the want of it , even among the very lowest rank of industrials in London , is at the present moment not merely a rarity , but an actual phenomenon — always supposing that something is to be got by it . The increase of vehicles of all descriptions , but more especially omnibuses , which are perpetually rushing along the main thoroughfares , has operated largely in shutting out the crossing-sweepers from what was at one period the principal theatre of their industry . Independent , too , of the unbroken stream of carriages which renders sweeping during the day impossible , and the collection of small coin from the crowd who dart impatiently across the road when a practicable breach presents itself , equally so , it is found that too dense a population is less favourable to the brotherhood of the broom than one ever so sparse and thin . Had the negro of Waithman 's obelisk survived the advent of Shillibeer , he would have had to shift his quarters , or to have drawn upon his three-and-a-half per cents . to maintain his position . The sweepers who work on the great lines of traffic from Oxford Street west to Aldgate , are consequently not nearly so numerous as they once were , though the members of the profession have probably doubled their numbers within the last twenty years . They exercise considerable judgment in the choice of their locations , making frequent experiments in different spots , feeling the pulse of the neighbourhood , as it were , ere they finally settle down to establish a permanent connection . We shall come to a better understanding of the true condition of these muddy nomads by considering them in various classes , as they actually exist , and each of which may be identified without much trouble . The first in the rank is he who is bred to the business , who has followed it from his earliest infancy , and never dreamed of pursuing any other calling . We must designate him as No . 1 . The Professional Sweeper .— He claims precedence before all others , as being to the manner born , and inheriting his broom , with all its concomitant advantages , from his father , or mother , as it might be . All his ideas , interests , and affections are centered in one spot of ground — the spot he sweeps , and has swept daily for the last twenty or thirty years , ever since it was bequeathed to him by his parent . The companion of his childhood , his youth , and his maturer age , is the post buttressed by the curb-stone at the corner of the street . To that post , indeed , he is a sort of younger brother . It has been his friend and support through many a stormy day and blustering night . It is the confidant of his hopes and his sorrows , and sometimes , too , his agent and cashier , for he has cut a small basin in the top of it , where a passing patron may deposit a coin if he choose , under the guardianship of the broom , which , while he is absent for a short half-hour discussing a red herring and a crust for his dinner , leans gracefully against his friend the post , and draws the attention of a generous public to that as the deputy-receiver of the exchequer . Our professional friend has a profound knowledge of character : he has studied the human face divine all his life , and can read at a glance , through the most rigid and rugged lineaments , the indications of benevolence or the want of it ; and he knows what aspect and expression to assume , in order to arouse the sympathies of a hesitating giver . He knows every inmate of every house in his immediate neighbourhood ; and not only that , but he knows their private history and antecedents for the last twenty years . He has watched a whole generation growing up under his broom , and he looks upon them all as so much material destined to enhance the value of his estate . He is the humble pensioner of a dozen families : he wears the shoes of one , the stockings of another , the shirts of a third , the coats of a fourth , and so on ; and he knows the taste of everybody 's cookery , and the temper of everybody 's cookmaid , quite as well as those who daily devour the one and scold the other . He is intimate with everybody 's cat and everybody 's dog , and will carry them home if he finds them straying . He is on speaking terms with everybody 's servant-maid , and does them all a thousand kind offices , which are repaid with interest by surreptitious scraps from the larder , and jorums of hot tea in the cold wintry afternoons . On the other hand , if he knows so much , he is equally well known : he is as familiar to sight as the Monument on Fish Street Hill to those who live opposite ; he is part and parcel of the street view , and must make a part of the picture whenever it is painted , or else it wont be like . You cannot realise the idea of meeting him elsewhere ; it would be shocking to your nerves to think of it : you would as soon think of seeing the Obelisk walking up Ludgate Hill , for instance , as of meeting him there — it could not be . Where he goes when he leaves his station , you have not the least notion . He is there so soon as it is light in the morning , and till long after the gas is burning at night . He is a married man , of course , and his wife , a worthy helpmate , has no objection to pull in the same boat with him . When Goggs has a carpet to beat — he beats all the carpets on his estate — Mrs Goggs comes to console the post in his absence . She usually signalises her advent by a desperate assault with the broom upon the whole length of the crossing : it is plain she never thinks that Goggs keeps the place clean enough , and so she brushes him a hint . Goggs has a weakness for beer , and more than once we have seen him asleep on a hot thirsty afternoon , too palpably under the influence of John Barleycorn to admit of a doubt , his broom between his legs , and his back against his abstinent friend the post . Somehow , whenever this happens , Mrs G. is sure to hear of it , and she walks him off quietly , that the spectacle of a sweeper overtaken may not bring a disgrace upon the profession ; and then , broom in hand , she takes her stand , and does his duty for the remainder of the day . The receipts of the professional sweeper do not vary throughout the year so much as might be supposed . They depend very little upon chance contributions : these , there is no doubt , fall off considerably , if they do not fail altogether , during a continuance of dry weather , when there is no need of the sweeper 's services ; but the man is remunerated chiefly by regular donations from known patrons , who form his connection , and who , knowing that he must eat and drink be the weather wet or dry , bestow their periodical pittances accordingly . No . 2 is the Morning Sweeper .— This is rather a knowing subject , one , at least , who is capable of drawing an inference from certain facts . There are numerous lines of route , both north and south of the great centres of commerce , and all converging towards the city as their nucleus , which are traversed , morning and evening , for two or three consecutive hours , by bands of gentlemanly-looking individuals : clerks , book-keepers , foremen , business-managers , and such like responsible functionaries , whose unimpeachable outer integuments testify to their regard for appearances . This current of respectability sets in towards the city at about half-past six in the morning , and continues its flow until just upon ten o'clock , when it may be said to be highwater . Though a large proportion of these agents of the world 's traffic are daily borne to and from their destination in omnibuses , still the great majority , either for the sake of exercise or economy , are foot-passengers . For the accommodation of the latter , the crossing-sweeper stations himself upon the dirtiest portion of the route , and clearing a broad and convenient path ere the sun is out of bed , awaits the inevitable tide , which must flow , and which can hardly fail of bringing him some remuneration for his labour . If we are to judge from the fact , that along one line of route which we have been in the habit of traversing for several years , we have counted as many as fourteen of these morning sweepers in a march of little more than two miles , the speculation cannot be altogether unprofitable . In traversing the same route in the middle of the day , not three of the sweepers would be found at their post ; and the reason would be obvious enough , since the streets are then comparatively deserted , being populous in the morning only , because they are so many short-cuts or direct thoroughfares from the suburbs to the city . The morning sweeper is generally a lively and active young fellow ; often a mere child , who is versed in the ways of London life , and who , knowing well the value of money from the frequent want of it , is anxious to earn a penny by any honest means . Ten to one , he has been brought up in the country , and has been tutored by hard necessity , in this great wilderness of brick , to make the most of every hour , and of every chance it may afford him . He will be found in the middle of the day touting for a job at the railway stations , to carry a portmanteau or to wheel a truck ; or he will be at Smithfield , helping a butcher to drive to the slaughterhouse his bargain of sheep or cattle ; or in some livery-yards , currying a horse or cleaning out a stable . If he can find nothing better to employ him , he will return to his sweeping in the evening , especially if it be summer-time , and should set in wet at five or six o'clock . When it is dark early , he knows that it wo n't pay to resume the broom ; commercial gentlemen are not particular about the condition of their Wellingtons , when nobody can see to criticise their polish , and all they want is to exchange them for slippers as soon as possible . If we were to follow the career of this industrious fellow up to manhood , we should in all probability find him occupying worthily a hard-working but decent and comfortable position in society . No . 3 is the Occasional Sweeper .— Now and then , in walking the interminable streets , one comes suddenly upon very questionable shapes , which , however , we do n't question , but walk on and account for them mythically if we can . Among these singular apparitions which at times have startled us , not a few have borne a broom in their hands , and appealed to us for a reward for services which , to say the best of them , were extremely doubtful . Now an elderly gentleman in silver spectacles , with pumps on his feet , and a roquelaure with a fur-collar over his shoulders , and an expression of unutterable anguish in his countenance , holds out his hand and bows his head as we pass , and groans audibly the very instant we are within earshot of a groan ; which is a distance of about ten inches in a London atmosphere . Now an old , old man , tall , meagre , and decrepit , with haggard eye and moonstruck visage , bares his aged head to the pattering rain — ‘ Loose his beard and hoary hair Stream like a meteor to the troubled air . ’ He makes feeble and fitful efforts to sweep a pathway across the road , and the dashing cab pulls up suddenly just in time to save him from being hurled to the ground by the horse . Then he gives it up as a vain attempt , and leans , the model of despair , against the wall , and wrings his skeleton fingers in agony — when just as a compassionate matron is drawing the strings of her purse , stopping for her charitable purpose in a storm of wind and rain , the voice of the policeman is heard over her shoulder : ‘ What ! you are here at it again , old chap ? Well , I 'm blowed if I think anything ‘ ll cure you . You 'd better put up your pus , marm : if he takes your money , I shall take him to the station-us , that 's all . Now , old chap — trot , trot , trot ! ’ And away walks the old impostor , with a show of activity perfectly marvellous for his years , the policeman following close at his heels till he vanishes in the arched entry of a court . The next specimen is perhaps a ‘ swell ’ out at elbows , a seedy and somewhat ragged remnant of a very questionable kind of gentility — a gentility engendered in ‘ coal-holes ’ and ‘ cider-cellars , ’ in ‘ shades , ’ and such-like midnight ‘ kens ’ — suckled with brandy and water and port-wine negus , and fed with deviled kidneys and toasted cheese . He has run to the end of his tether , is cleaned out even to the last disposable shred of his once well-stocked wardrobe ; and after fifty high-flying and desperate resolves , and twice fifty mean and sneaking devices to victimise those who have the misfortune to be assailable by him , ‘ to this complexion he has come at last . ’ He has made a track across the road , rather a slovenly disturbance of the mud than a clearance of it ; and having finished his performance in a style to indicate that he is a stranger to the business , being born to better things , he rears himself with front erect and arms a-kimbo , with one foot advanced after the approved statuesque model , and exhibits a face of scornful brass to an unsympathising world , before whom he stands a monument of neglected merit , and whom he doubtless expects to overwhelm with unutterable shame for their abominable treatment of a man and a brother — and a gentleman to boot . This sort of exhibition never lasts long , it being a kind of standing-dish for which the public have very little relish in this practical age . The ‘ swell ’ sweeper generally subsides in a week or two , and vanishes from the stage , on which , however ornamental , he is of very little use . The occasional sweeper is much oftener a poor countryman , who has wandered to London in search of employment , and , finding nothing else , has spent his last fourpence in the purchase of a besom , with which he hopes to earn a crust . Here his want of experience in town is very much against him . You may know him instantly from the old habitu é of the streets : he plants himself in the very thick and throng of the most crowded thoroughfare — the rapids , so to speak , of the human current — where he is of no earthly use , but , on the contrary , very much in the way , and where , while everybody wishes him at Jericho , he wonders that nobody gives him a copper ; or he undertakes impossible things , such as the sweeping of the whole width of Charing Cross from east to west , between the equestrian statue and Nelson 's Pillar , where , if he sweep the whole , he can n't collect , and if he collect , he can n't sweep , and he breaks his heart and his back too in a fruitless vocation . He picks up experience in time ; but he is pretty sure to find a better trade before he has learned to cultivate that of a crossing-sweeper to perfection .— Many of these occasional hands are Hindoos , Lascars , or Orientals of some sort , whose dark skins , contrasted with their white and scarlet drapery , render them conspicuous objects in a crowd ; and from this cause they probably derive an extra profit , as they can scarcely be passed by without notice . The sudden promotion of one of this class , who was hailed by the Nepaulese ambassador as he stood , broom in hand , in St Paul 's Churchyard , and engaged as dragoman to the embassy , will be in the recollection of the reader . It would be impossible to embrace in our category even a tithe of the various characters who figure in London as occasional sweepers . A broom is the last resort of neglected and unemployed industry , as well as of sudden and unfriended ill-fortune — the sanctuary to which a thousand victims fly from the fiends of want and starvation . The broken-down tradesman , the artisan out of work , the decayed gentleman , the ruined gambler , the starving scholar — each and all we have indubitably seen brooming the muddy ways for the chance of a half-penny or a penny . It is not very long since we were addressed in Water Street , Blackfriars , by a middle-aged man in a garb of seedy black , who handled his broom like one who played upon a strange instrument , and who , wearing the words pauper et pedester written on a card stuck in his hat-band , told us , in good colloquial Latin , a tale of such horrifying misery and destitution , that we shrink from recording it here . We must pass on to the next on our list , who is — No . 4 , the Lucus-a-non , or a sweeper who never sweeps .— This fellow is a vagabond of the first-water , or of the first-mud rather . His stock in trade is an old worn-out broom-stump , which he has shouldered for these seven years past , and with which he has never displaced a pound of soil in the whole period . He abominates work with such a crowning intensity , that the very pretence of it is a torture to him . He is a beggar without a beggar 's humbleness ; and a thief , moreover , without a thief 's hardihood . He crawls lazily about the public ways , and begs under the banner of his broom , which constitutes his protection against the police . He will collect alms at a crossing which he would not cleanse to save himself from starvation ; or he will take up a position at one which a morning sweeper has deserted for the day , and glean the sorry remnants of another man 's harvest . He is as insensible to shame as to the assaults of the weather ; he will watch you picking your way through the mire over which he stands sentinel , and then impudently demand payment for the performance of a function which he never dreams of exercising ; or he will stand in your path in the middle of the splashy channel , and pester you with whining supplications , while he kicks the mire over your garments , and bars your passage to the pavement . He is worth nothing , not even the short notice we have taken of him , or the trouble of a whipping , which he ought to get , instead of the coins that he contrives to extract from the heedless generosity of the public . No . 5 is the Sunday Sweeper .— This neat , dapper , and cleanly variety of the genus besom , is usually a young fellow , who , pursuing some humble and ill-paid occupation during the week , ekes out his modest salary by labouring with the broom on the Sunday . He has his regular ‘ place of worship , ’ one entrance of which he monopolises every Sabbath morning . Long before the church-going bell rings out the general invitation , he is on the spot , sweeping a series of paths all radiating from the church or chapel door to the different points of the compass . The business he has cut out for himself is no sinecure ; he does his work so effectually , that you marvel at the achievement , and doubt if the floor of your dwelling be cleaner . Then he is himself as clean as a new pin , and wears a flower in his button-hole , and a smile on his face , and thanks you so becomingly , and bows so gracefully , that you cannot help wishing him a better office ; and of course , to prove the sincerity of your wish , you pay him at a better rate . When the congregation are all met , and the service is commenced , he is religious enough , or knowing enough , to walk stealthily in , and set himself upon the poor bench , where he sits quietly , well behaved and attentive to the end ; for which very proper conduct he is pretty sure to meet an additional reward during the exit of the assembly , as they defile past him at the gate when all is over . In the afternoon , he is off to the immediate precinct of some park or public promenade ; and selecting a well-frequented approach to the general rendezvous , will cleanse and purify the crossing or pathway in his own peculiar and elaborate style , vastly to the admiration of the gaily-dressed pedestrians , and it is to be supposed , to his own profit . Besides this really clever and enterprising genius , there is a numerous tribe of a very different description , who must sally forth literally by the thousand every Sunday morning when the weather is fine , and who take possession of every gate , stile , and wicket , throughout the widespread suburban districts of the metropolis in all directions . They are of both sexes and all ages ; and go where you will , it is impossible to go through a gate , or get over a stile , without the proffer of their assistance , for which , of course , you are expected to pay , whether you use it or not . Some of these fellows have a truly ruffianly aspect , and waylay you in secluded lanes and narrow pathways ; and carrying a broom-stump , which looks marvellously like a bludgeon , no doubt often levy upon the apprehensions of a timorous pedestrian a contribution which his charity would not be so blind as to bestow . The whole of this tribe constitute a monster-nuisance , which ought to be abated by the exertions of the police . No . 6 are the deformed , maimed , and crippled sweepers , of whom there is a considerable number constantly at work , and , to do them justice , they appear by no means the least energetic of the brotherhood . Nature frequently compensates bodily defects by the bestowal of a vigorous temperament . The sweeper of one leg or one arm , or the poor cripple who , but for the support of his broom , would be crawling on all-fours , is as active , industrious , and efficient as the best man on the road ; and he takes a pride in the proof of his prowess , surveying his work when it is finished with a complacency too evident to escape notice . He considers , perhaps , that he has an extra claim upon the public on account of the afflictions he has undergone , and we imagine that such claim must be pretty extensively allowed : we know no other mode of accounting for the fact , that now and then one of these supposed maimed or halt performers turns out to be an impostor , who , considering a broken limb , or something tantamount to that , essential to the success of his broom , concocts an impromptu fracture or amputation to serve his purpose . Some few years ago , a lively , sailor-looking fellow appeared as a one-handed sweeper in a genteel square on the Surrey side of the water . The right sleeve of his jacket waved emptily in the wind , but he flourished his left arm so vigorously in the air , and completed the gyration of his weapon , when it stuck fast in the mud , so manfully by the impulse of his right leg , that he became quite a popular favourite , and won ‘ copper opinions from all sorts of men , ’ to say nothing of a shower of sixpences from the ladies in the square . Unfortunately for the continuance of his prosperity , a gentleman intimate with one of his numerous patronesses , while musing in the twilight at an upstairs window , saw the fellow enter his cottage after his day 's work , release his right arm from the durance in which it had lain beneath his jacket for ten or twelve hours , and immediately put the power of the long-imprisoned limb to the test by belabouring his wife with it . That same night every tenant in the square was made acquainted with the disguised arm , and the use for which it was reserved , and the ingenious performer was the next morning delivered over to the police . The law , however , allows a man to dispose of his limbs as he chooses ; and as the delinquent was never proved to have said that he had lost an arm ; and as he urged that one arm being enough for the profession he had embraced , he considered he had a right to reserve the other until he had occasion for it — he was allowed to go about his business . No . 7 , and the last in our classification , are the Female Sweepers .— It is singular , that among these we rarely if ever meet with young women , properly so called . The calling of a crossing-sweeper , so far as it is carried on by females , is almost entirely divided between children or young girls , and women above the age of forty . The children are a very wandering and fickle race , rarely staying for many weeks together in a single spot . This love of change must militate much against their success , as they lose the advantage of the charitable interest they would excite in persons accustomed to meet them regularly in their walks . They are not , however , generally dependent upon the produce of their own labours for a living , being for the most part the children of parents in extremely low circumstances , who send them forth with a broom to pick up a few halfpence to assist in the daily provision for the family . The older women , on the other hand , of whom there is a pretty stout staff scattered throughout the metropolis , are too much impressed with the importance of adhering constantly to one spot , capriciously to change their position . They would dread to lose a connection they have been many years in forming , and they will even cling to it after it has ceased to be a thoroughfare through the opening of a new route , unless they can discover the direction their patrons have taken . When a poor old creature , who has braved the rheumatism for thirty years or so , finds she can stand it no longer , we have known her induct a successor into her office by attending her for a fortnight or more , and introducing the new-comer to the friendly regard of her old patrons . The exceptions to these two classes of the old and the very juvenile , will be found to consist mostly of young widows left with the charge of an infant family more or less numerous . Some few of these there are , and they meet with that considerate reception from the public which their distressing cases demand . The spectacle of a young mother , with an infant on one arm muffled up from the driving rain , while she plies a broom single-handed , is one which never appeals in vain to a London public . With a keen eye for imposture , and a general inclination to suspect it , the Londoner has yet compassion , and coin , too , to bestow upon a deserving object . It is these poor widows who , by rearing their orphaned offspring to wield the broom , supplement the ranks of the professional sweepers . They become the heads of sweeping families , who in time leave the maternal wing , and shift for themselves . We might point to one whom we have encountered almost daily for the last ten years . In 1841 , she was left a widow with three small children , the eldest under four , and the youngest in arms . Clad in deep mourning , she took up a position at an angular crossing of a square , and was allowed to accommodate the two elder children upon some matting spread upon the steps of a door . With the infant in one arm , she plied her broom with the other , and held out a small white hand for the reception of such charity as the passers-by might choose to bestow . The children grew up strong and hearty , in spite of their exposure to the weather at all seasons . All three of them are at the present moment sweepers in the same line of route , at no great distance from the mother , who , during the whole period , has scarcely abandoned her post for a single day . Ten years ’ companionship with sun and wind , and frost and rain , have doubled her apparent age , but her figure still shews the outline of gentility , and her face yet wears the aspect and expression of better days . We have frequently met the four returning home together in the deepening twilight , the elder boy carrying the four brooms strapped together on his shoulder . The sweeper does better at holiday seasons than at any other time . If he is blessed with a post for a companion , he decks it with a flower or sprig of green , and sweeps a clear stage round it , which is said to be a difficult exploit , though we have never tried it . At Christmas , he expects a double fee from his old patrons , and gets it too , and a substantial slice of plum-pudding from the old lady in the first floor opposite . He decks the entrance to his walk with laurel and holly , in honour of the day , and of his company , who walk under a triumphal arch of green , got up for that occasion only . He is sure of a good collection on that day , and he goes home with his pocket heavy and his heart light , and treats himself to a pot of old ale , warmed over a fire kindled with his old broom , and sipped sparingly to the melody of a good old song about the good old times , when crossing-sweepers grew rich , and bequeathed fortunes to their patrons . INSECT WINGS . Animals possess the power of feeling , and of effecting certain movements , by the exercise of a muscular apparatus with which their bodies are furnished . They are distinguished from the organisations of the vegetable kingdom by the presence of these attributes . Every one is aware , that when the child sees some strange and unknown object he is observing start suddenly into motion , he will exclaim : ‘ It is alive ! ’ By this exclamation , he means to express his conviction that the object is endowed with animal life . Power of voluntary and independent motion and animal organisation are associated together , as inseparable and essentially connected ideas , by even the earliest experience in the economy and ways of nature . The animal faculty of voluntary motion , in almost every case , confers upon the creature the ability to transfer its body from place to place . In some animals , the weight of the body is sustained by immersion in a fluid as dense as itself . It is then carried about with very little expenditure of effort , either by the waving action of vibratile cilia scattered over its external surface , or by the oar-like movement of certain portions of its frame especially adapted to the purpose . In other animals , the weight of the body rests directly upon the ground , and has , therefore , to be lifted from place to place by more powerful mechanical contrivances . In the lowest forms of air-living animals , the body rests upon the ground by numerous points of support ; and when it moves , is wriggled along piecemeal , one portion being pushed forward while the rest remains stationary . The mode of progression which the little earthworm adopts , is a familiar illustration of this style of proceeding . In the higher forms of air-living animals , a freer and more commodious kind of movement is provided for . The body itself is raised up from the ground upon pointed columns , which are made to act as levers as well as props . Observe , for instance , the tiger-beetle , as it runs swiftly over the uneven surface of the path in search of its dinner , with its eager antenn æ thrust out in advance . Those six long and slender legs that bear up the body of the insect , and still keep advancing in regular alternate order , are steadied and worked by cords laid along on the hollows and grooves of their own substance . While some of them uphold the weight of the superincumbent body , the rest are thrown forwards , as fresh and more advanced points of support on to which it may be pulled . The running of the insect is a very ingenious and beautiful adaptation of the principles of mechanism to the purposes of life . But in the insect organisation , a still more surprising display of mechanical skill is made . A comparatively heavy body is not only carried rapidly and conveniently along the surface of the ground , it is also raised entirely up from it at pleasure , and transported through lengthened distances , while resting upon nothing but the thin transparent air . From the top of the central piece — technically termed thoracic — of the insect 's body , from which the legs descend , two or more membraneous sails arise , which are able to beat the air by repeated strokes , and to make it , consequently , uphold their own weight , as well as that of the burden connected with them . These lifting and sustaining sails are the insect 's wings . The wings of the insect are , however , of a nature altogether different from the apparently analogous organs which the bird uses in flight . The wings of the bird are merely altered fore-legs . Lift up the front extremities of a quadruped , keep them asunder at their origins by bony props , fit them with freer motions and stronger muscles , and cover them with feathers , and they become wings in every essential particular . In the insect , however , the case is altogether different . The wings are not altered legs ; they are superadded to the legs . The insect has its fore-legs as well as its wings . The legs all descend from the under surface of the thoracic piece , while the wings arise from its upper surface . As the wings are flapping above during flight , the unchanged legs are dangling below , in full complement . The wings are , therefore , independent and additional organs . They have no relation whatever to limbs , properly so called . But there are some other portions of the animal economy with which they do connect themselves , both by structure and function . The reader will hardly guess what those wing-allied organs are . There is a little fly , called the May-fly , which usually makes its appearance in the month of August , and which visits the districts watered by the Seine and the Marne in such abundance , that the fishermen of these rivers believe it is showered down from heaven , and accordingly call its living clouds , manna . Reaumur once saw the May-flies descend in this region like thick snow-flakes , and so fast , that the step on which he stood by the river 's bank was covered by a layer four inches thick in a few minutes . The insect itself is very beautiful : it has four delicate , yellowish , lace-like wings , freckled with brown spots , and three singular hair-like projections hanging out beyond its tail . It never touches food during its mature life , but leads a short and joyous existence . It dances over the surface of the water for three or four hours , dropping its eggs as it flits , and then disappears for ever . Myriads come forth about the hour of eight in the evening ; but by ten or eleven o'clock not a single straggler can be found alive . From the egg which the parent May-fly drops into the water , a six-legged grub is very soon hatched . This grub proceeds forthwith to excavate for himself a home in the soft bank of the river , below the surface of the water , and there remains for two long years , feeding upon the decaying matters of the mould . During this aquatic residence , the little creature finds it necessary to breathe ; and that he may do so comfortably , notwithstanding his habits of seclusion , and his constant immersion in fluid , he pushes out from his shoulders and back a series of delicate little leaf-like plates . A branch of one of the air-tubes of his body enters into each of these plates , and spreads out into its substance . The plates are , in fact , gills — that is , respiratory organs , fitted for breathing beneath the water . The little fellow may be seen to wave them backwards and forwards with incessant motion , as he churns up the fluid , to get out of it the vital air which it contains . When the grub of the May-fly has completed his two years of probation , he comes out from his subterranean and subaqueous den , and rises to the surface of the stream . By means of his flapping and then somewhat enlarged gills , he half leaps and half flies to the nearest rush or sedge he can perceive , and clings fast to it by means of his legs . He then , by a clever twist of his little body , splits open his old fishy skin , and slowly draws himself out , head , and body , and legs ; and , last of all , from some of those leafy gills he pulls a delicate crumpled-up membrane , which soon dries and expands , and becomes lace-netted and brown-fretted . The membrane which was shut up in the gills of the aquatic creature , was really the rudiment of its now perfected wings . The wings of the insect are then a sort of external lungs , articulated with the body by means of a movable joint , and made to subserve the purposes of flight . Each wing is formed of a flattened bladder , extended from the general skin of the body . The sides of this bladder are pressed closely together , and would be in absolute contact but for a series of branching rigid tubes that are spread out in the intervening cavity . These tubes are air-vessels ; their interiors are lined with elastic , spirally-rolled threads , that serve to keep the channels constantly open ; and through these open channels the vital atmosphere rushes with every movement of the membraneous organ . The wing of the May-fly flapping in the air is a respiratory organ , of as much importance to the wellbeing of the creature in its way , as the gill-plate of its grub prototype is when vibrating under the water . But the wing of the insect is not the only respiratory organ : its entire body is one vast respiratory system , of which the wings are offsets . The spirally-lined air-vessels run everywhere , and branch out everywhere . The insect , in fact , circulates air instead of blood . As the prick of the finest needle draws blood from the flesh of the backboned creature , it draws air from the flesh of the insect . Who will longer wonder , then , that the insect is so light ? It is aerial in its inner nature . Its arterial system is filled with the ethereal atmosphere , as the more stolid creature 's is with heavy blood . If the reader has ever closely watched a large fly or bee , he will have noticed that it has none of the respiratory movements that are so familiar to him in the bodies of quadrupeds and birds . There is none of that heaving of the chest , and out-and-in movement of the sides , which constitute the visible phenomena of breathing . In the insect 's economy , no air enters by the usual inlet of the mouth . It all goes in by means of small air-mouths placed along the sides of the body , and exclusively appropriated to its reception . Squeezing the throat will not choke an insect . In order to do this effectually , the sides of the body , where the air-mouths are , must be smeared with oil . In the vertebrated animals , the blood is driven through branching tubes to receptacles of air placed within the chest ; the air-channels terminate in blood extremities , and the blood-vessels cover these as a net-work . The mechanical act of respiration merely serves to change the air contained within the air-receptacles . In the insects , this entire process is reversed ; the air is carried by branching tubes to receptacles of blood scattered throughout the body ; the blood-channels terminate in blood-extremities , and a capillary net-work of air-vessels is spread over these . Now , in the vertebrated creature , the chest is merely the grand air-receptacle into which the blood is sent to be a ë rated ; while in the insect , the chest contains but its own proportional share of the great air-system . In the latter case , therefore , there is a great deal of available space , which would have been , under other circumstances , filled with the respiratory apparatus , but is now left free to be otherwise employed . The thoracic cavity of the insect serves as a stowage for the bulky and powerful muscles that are required to give energy to the legs and wings . The portion of the body that is almost exclusively respiratory in other animals , becomes almost as exclusively motor in insects . It holds in its interior the chief portions of the cords by which the moving levers and membranes are worked , and its outer surface is adorned by those levers and membranes themselves . Both the legs and wings of the insect are attached to the thoracic segment of its body . The extraordinary powers of flight which insects possess are due to the conjoined influences of the two conditions that have been named — the lightness of their air-filled bodies , and the strength of their chest-packed muscles . Where light air is circulated instead of heavy blood , great vascularity serves only to make existence more ethereal . Plethora probably takes the insect nearer to the skies , instead of dragging it towards the dust . The hawk-moth , with its burly body , may often be seen hovering gracefully , on quivering wings , over some favourite flower , as if it were hung there on cords , while it rifles it of its store of accumulated sweets by means of its long unfolded tongue . The common house-fly makes 600 strokes every second in its ordinary flight , and gets through five feet of space by means of them ; but when alarmed , it can increase the velocity of its wing-strokes some five or six fold , and move through thirty-five feet in the second . Kirby believed , that if the house-fly were made equal to the horse in size , and had its muscular power increased in the same proportion , it would be able to traverse the globe with the rapidity of lightning . The dragon-fly often remains on the wing in pursuit of its prey for hours at a stretch , and yet will sometimes baffle the swallow by its speed , although that bird is calculated to be able to move at the rate of a mile in a minute . But the dexterity of this insect is even more surprising than its swiftness , for it is able to do what no bird can : it is able to stop instantaneously in the midst of its most rapid course , and change the direction of its flight , going sideways or backwards , without altering the position of its body . As a general rule , insect wings that are intended for employment in flight are transparent membranes , with the course of the air-tubes marked out upon them as opaque nervures . These air-tubes , it will be remembered , are lined by spires of dense cartilage ; and hence it is that they become nervures so well adapted to act like tent-lines in keeping the expanded membranes stretched . In the dragon-flies , the nervures are minutely netted for the sake of increased strength ; in the bees , the nervures are simply parallel . Most insects have two pairs of these transparent membraneous wings ; but in such as burrow , one pair is converted into a dense leather-like case , under which the other pair are folded away . In the flies , only one pair of wings can be found at all , the other pair being changed into two little club-shaped bodies , called balancers . Butterflies and moths are the only insects that fly by means of opaque wings ; but in their case the opacity is apparent rather than real , for it is caused by the presence of a very beautiful layer of coloured scales spread evenly over the outer surface of the membranes . When these scales are brushed off , membraneous wings of the ordinary transparent character are disclosed . The scales are attached to the membrane by little stems , like the quill-ends of feathers , and they are arranged in overlapping rows . The variegated colours and patterns of the insects are entirely due to them . If the wings of a butterfly be pressed upon a surface of card-board covered with gum-water to the extent of their own outlines , and be left there until the gum-water is dry , the outer layer of scales may be rubbed off with a handkerchief , and the double membranes and intervening nervures may be picked away piecemeal with a needle 's point , and there will remain upon the card a most beautiful representation of the other surface of the wings , its scales being all preserved by the gum in their natural positions . If the outlines of the wings be carefully pencilled first , and the gum-water be then delicately and evenly brushed on , just as far as the outlines , a perfect and durable fac-simile , in all the original variety of colour and marking , is procured , which needs only to have the form of the body sketched in , to make it a very pretty and accurate delineation of the insect . RUSTICATION IN A FRENCH VILLAGE . Poverty is difficult to bear under any circumstances , but when compelled entirely to alter our habits of life in the same place where we have lived differently , we certainly feel it more acutely than when we at once change the scene , and see around us nothing we can well compare with what is past . It is unnecessary to say by what means our easy fortune was reduced to a mere pittance ; but , alas ! it was so , and we found ourselves forced to seek another dwelling-place . Following the example of most of our country-people in a similar situation , therefore , we resolved to go abroad ; not , indeed , to enjoy society on an income which would in England totally shut us out from it , but to live in absolute retirement upon next to nothing . A cousin of mine — whose friend , Mlle de Flotte , long resident in England , had married a countryman of her own , and settled in Normandy — wrote to Mme de Terelcourt accordingly , to ask if there was a habitable hut in her neighbourhood where we might find shelter for three years , before which time we were told the settlement of our affairs could scarcely be completed . The answer was favourable : there was , she said , near the village of Flotte , a cottage which contained a kitchen , three rooms , and a garret where a bonne might sleep . A large garden was attached to it full of fruit-trees , though in a most neglected condition , and even the house requiring to be made weather-tight ; but as the landlord undertook this latter business , and the rent for the whole was only L. 12 a year , we gladly closed with the offer , and at the end of the month of April proceeded to take possession of our new home . The situation was most lovely . The garden surrounded three sides of the cottage , and a large green field , or rather thinly-planted apple-orchard , the other , where grazed four fine cows belonging to a farm on the opposite side of the lane , which supplied us with butter , eggs , and milk , and was near enough not to annoy but to gratify our ears with the country sounds so pleasant to those fond of rural things , and to give us the feeling of help at hand in case of any emergency . We were on the slope of a tolerably lofty hill ; the high-road was below , where we could see and hear the diligence pass ; but saving this , the farm-yard noises , and the birds and bees in the garden , were the only disturbers of our perfect quiet , except , indeed , the soothing sound of a small brook tinkling over a tiny waterfall , quite audible , although a good way on the other side of the grande route . The town of C —— was seen to our right , the sea glittering beyond ; and a rocky , shrubby dell , through which the little stream above mentioned murmured merrily on its way , turning a rustic mill , was the prospect from the windows . Two lime-trees stood at the gate , inside of which we joyfully discovered an unexpected lodge or cottage , containing two little rooms and a large shed , which had not been mentioned in the description , and which we found most useful for stowing away packing-cases , hampers , and boxes , keeping potatoes and apples , and a hundred things besides . The short road — avenue , our landlord termed it — which led from this to the house , had a strawberry-bank on one side , a row of cherry-trees on the other ; and the garden , although overgrown with weeds and sprawling shrubs , looked quite capable of being easily made very pretty indeed . The entrance to this our magnificent ch â teau was through the kitchen only ; for the room next it , although it could boast of an outside-door likewise , had none which opened into the interior of the house , was neither lathed nor plastered , and the bare earth was all there was to tread upon . Upstairs the flooring consisted merely of planks laid down ; and you could hear when below the pins dropped from above , unless , indeed , they fell , as they generally did , into the large crevices . The bonne 's mansarde was but a garret , where , till you got into the very middle , you could not stand upright ; and although the tiled roof had been just painted and repaired , the breath of heaven came wooingly in every direction , even through the thick-leaved vines which covered it , closely trained up there , to make room for the apricots that grew against the wall below . Close by , a little stair led you out upon a terrace , where a road , bordered by peach-trees and backed by plums , gave a dry walk in all weathers ; but you could go higher , higher , and higher still , terrace after terrace , till it terminated in a rock covered with briers and brambles — the fruit of which latter were as large and as good as mulberries . This we called our garden-wall , and it had a sunny seat commanding an extensive view , and from which all we saw was beautiful . How often have I sat there dreaming , lulled by the murmur of the insect world around , till the merry fife of a band of conscripts on their march , or the distant boom of a cannon from the forts , restored me to a consciousness that I was still at least in the world , although not of it . But now I am going to descend to figures , and can assure my incredulous English readers , that what I relate is strictly true — vraie , although not vraisemblable . We hired a stout girl to weed and wash , without food , at 2-1 / 2 d. a day ; and another for L. 5 per annum undertook to be our sole servant — to clean , and cook , and dress madame , only stipulating that she was to have soupe à la graisse and brown bread à discr é tion three times a day , two sous for cider , her aprons , and washing ; but hoped if she gave satisfaction , that sometimes upon Sunday she might be allowed a bit of meat : on Fridays an egg and an apple contented her , and an occasional fish made her shout with joy . An old soldier , who had returned to his primitive employment of gardener , and lived near , undertook to dig , prune , and plant in the garden for a franc a day , during the time we ourselves were engaged with the inside of our mansion , and to come afterwards at 2d . an hour when we wanted him , either to go to C —— for marketing , or to do anything else we required , for the hamlet of Flotte did not possess many shops . At this hamlet , however , we obtained bread and a variety of small articles on very moderate terms . Having hired the requisite furniture , and papered the walls of our apartments , the humble tenement looked clean and comfortable . To get all into order , we both worked hard , and very soon could sit down by ‘ our own fireside ’ in a quiet , cheerful house , almost the work of our own hands , and therefore every creek and cranny in it full of interest . Mme de Terelcourt , with refined politeness , did not attempt to visit us herself until she understood we could receive her sans g é ne ; but she sent fruit and vegetables , and kind messages constantly , and at last a note intimating that she would , if convenient , call upon us after church next day . Strawberries and cream , butter , eggs , fresh bread , and the commonest vin ordinaire , were easily procured , of which our guest ate heartily , saying she would bring the rest of the family next day to partake of a similar feast . They came accordingly , and with them a cart loaded with shrubs , plants , flowers , and a whole hive of honeycomb , and various little comforts besides , pretending that they were thankful to us for receiving their superabundance , instead of obliging them to throw it away . This hospitable , unaffected kindness continued unabated the whole time of our stay , and the kind beings always contrived to make out that they were the obliged persons , and we so polite and condescending for deigning to receive such trifles . M. and Mme de Terelcourt lived with M. le Marquis de Flotte and his wife ; and her brother , the Count de Belgravin , occupied a house a quarter of a mile distant , which , although by no means a comfortable residence , he rented purposely to be near his sister . These amiable people spent a part of every day together , for they did not associate much with the inhabitants of C ——; and I look back with much pleasure to our social evenings , when light-hearted merriment constantly prevailed ; and I often thought how few of the many who talk so gravely of patience and resignation to the will of God , could or would understand that cheerfulness is , in fact , but a different way of shewing that resignation . Our maid , Batilde , knew nothing about the cuisine beyond a good roux and a bad omelet ; and except making a bed , appeared ignorant of all housework — even washing , dusting , or sweeping thoroughly . She , however , did everything we did not do for ourselves , and ironed the linen after a fashion . Tonette washed for us in the little river aforesaid , where she used an incredible quantity of soap , thumping our things with a piece of flat wood upon a great stone , most conveniently , as she observed , placed there for the purpose ‘ by the saints in heaven ; ’ which method , if it hastened its wearing out , made our linen at least sweet and clean while it lasted . My husband shot and cultivated the garden in the respective seasons appropriate to these occupations , whilst I bought a cookery-book called ‘ Les Exp é riences de Mademoiselle Marguerite ; ’ and pretending to be learning myself , taught Batilde to prepare our food a little better , without hurting her self-conceit , of which she possessed more than the average of her countrywomen . Our time , therefore , was fully occupied . Our health improved and our spirits rose with the excitement ; we had agreeable society in the excellent people named above , meeting sans fa ç on , taking breakfast or luncheon with each other , instead of dinners , in winter , and in summer often spending the evening at one another 's houses . At a distance not insurmountable there was an English chapel ; but the character of the clergyman was not of a kind to recommend itself to persons who had some regard for the decencies of life ; and so we contented ourselves with saying our prayers at home . The old cur é of the place , with whom we became slightly acquainted , seemed to be a worthy sort of man , liberal in his ideas , and possessed of a considerable taste for music . He made rather an agreeable and obliging neighbour . Talking of cur é s , I may mention that one came from a distance of several miles to pay his respects to us , and offer welcome to France . He said , he desired to make our acquaintance because we came from England , where he had found ‘ rest for twenty years , and received much kindness . ’ He was a rich man , had a pretty little church , a picturesque house in a sort of park , which he had stocked with pigs instead of sheep ; and every day that was not one of fasting or abstinence , he had pork for dinner . He took a great fancy to us , and wanted us to give up our cottage , and come and live with him , as he had plenty of room and desired society ; but we declined . Had we done so , I doubt not that he would have left us his money , for he had no relations , and bequeathed the whole , for want of an heir , to his grocer . He grew cooler after our refusal , but still sometimes came to see us on a pot-bellied cart-horse — a most stolid-looking beast , but one which often took most laughably strange fits of friskiness . Once I saw the good cur é' s watch jump out of his pocket , fly over his head , and disappear amid a heap of nettles , where little Victor found it , and hoped for a rich reward ; but he only received an old book of devotion , and a lecture on the duty of reading it . I must relate a little adventure which might have been written fifty years ago , when it would have obtained more credence than it will in the present day , from those travellers at least who have kept to the highways , and those residents who have lived only in the towns of France . One morning Batilde asked permission to visit a friend who had come to spend a day with her sister at C ——. ‘ They breed poultry ; and as madame likes a goose as soon as the f ê te of St Michel comes , it would be worth her while to desire M è re Talbot to feed one up against that time . They live a good way off , ’ pursued she , ‘ in a poor hamlet called Les Briares . It would be almost worth madame 's while to go there some day , for it is such a primitive place , and they are such primitive people . ’ I liked the idea , and begged M è re Talbot might be told that I would come and look out my goose for myself the following week . A fine Thursday morning dawned ; and as early as we could get coffee made and taken , Batilde and I set out on our expedition , each , after the fashion of the canton , seated on a donkey , our feet in one pannier and a large stone to balance in the other . I took as an offering to the hope and heir of the Talbots a toy much like what we in England call Jack-in-a-box , but in France is termed a Diable , as it is intended to represent his Satanic majesty , and alarm the lifter of the lid by popping up a black visage . The rough roads shaded by high hedges , white and pink with hawthorn , and the wild apple-tree blossom , and redolent of early honeysuckle , reminded me of the secluded parts of England ; while Scotland presented itself to my mind when we left these lanes and crossed still , rushy brooks , or dashing tiny torrents , climbed heather braes , pursuing the yellow-hammer and large mountain-bees as they flew on to the furze and broom-bushes , filling the air with their cheerful music ; or when , again , we descended to birch-shaded hollows , refreshing ourselves from clear little spring-wells , that sparkled over white pebbles at the foot of a gray rock tufted over with blaeberry and foxglove leaves . The poor thing chatted away like a child , inspired by the pure air , bracing , yet mild , and lost herself amongst recollections of her country home , talking of buttercups , hedge-sparrows ’ eggs , and demoiselles or dragon-flies . Several happy hours we spent en route ; and at last , on turning down from a hilly road , we saw on a flat brown plain a collection of low cottages . The nearer we approached , the more Scotch everything appeared ; in some cases I even saw my dear native ‘ middens afore the door : ’ the aspect of the houses and looks of the old women especially , with their stoups and country caps — so very like mutches — striped petticoats and short-gowns , brought northern climes before me vividly ; and the children stared and shouted like true Scots callants . The very accent was so Scotch that I felt as though I was doing something altogether ridiculous in talking French . Upon entering M è re Talbot 's house , the resemblance became more real . The flags stuck here and there in the earthen floor , the form of the chairs and tables , the press-beds , large red-checked linen curtains , the ‘ rock and its wee pickle tow , ’ the reel , the bowls on the shelves — each and all recalled my native country ; and I positively should have ended by believing myself there in a dream , if not in reality , had not a glance at the fireplace undeceived me : there was no fire — all was dim , dusky , and dark ; no glowing embers and cheerful pipe-clayed hearth , but iron dogs and wood-ashes where blazing coals should be . Even here , however , I could not but think of ‘ Caledonia stern and wild , ’ for there stood a real Carron ‘ three-leggit pat , ’ to which my very heart warmed . I was asked to sit down ; and soon the news spread that une Anglaise was to be seen at M è re Talbot 's , and people glanced by the window , peeped in at the door , and came to speak upon one pretence or other , as if it was not an everyday sight . By and by a girl and man — whose names from their appearance might have been Jenny and Sawnie — arrived for their dinner — consisting of brown bread , an apple , and cider , which they discussed on their knees — not sitting down at the table — and when finished , returned to their field-labour without speaking . The little boy , meanwhile , had disappeared with his toy-box , which greatly delighted him , and elevated him for the nonce above his fellows ; for he was the undisputed possessor of a curiosity imported from England itself , over the sea , by the very lady who was to be seen at his grandmother 's house eating pancakes . The fire was lighted ; it crackled and blazed in two minutes ; a stand was placed over it , upon which they put what they called a tuile ; eggs , flour , and milk were mixed , and a bit of butter , the size of a bean in the first instance , of a pea afterwards — c'est de rigueur , to hinder every fresh cr ê pe thrown in from burning . Most capital pancakes they were ; thin , crisp , hot , and sweet ; and the kind people pressed them upon me so hospitably , that I ate till I felt I really could eat no longer , and was glad to finish with a draught of sour cider . I bought seven geese , to be brought to me one at a time , as fat as caterpillars , for two francs ten sous each . M è re Talbot was content with her bargain , and so was I with mine . When I rose to take leave , I was reminded again of Scotland , for a large parcel of cakes was put into the off-pannier ; and as I should have mortally offended the kind creatures by refusing their gift , I carried them home , toasted them on a fork , and found it made them eat quite as crisp and good as at first . This sketch may appear perhaps very odd to be taken from nature so late as the year 1840 , but I can assure my readers it is ‘ no less strange than true . ’ All the summer we wandered about the woods and fields of Flotte , making little excursions in the neighbourhood , and sedulously avoiding the town ; but after we had made ourselves acquainted with every beech-shaded hollow , every little fig-forest , every apple-orchard , climbed every broomy knowe , gathered heather from the highest rock and mushrooms from the oldest pasture , we turned our steps sometimes towards C —— in search of variety . There , every Thursday , the military band of the 44th Regiment played in the alley of the mountain-ash , and there all the dames and demoiselles assembled , dressed in a wonderfully neat way . We asked how these women , who were mostly in humble circumstances , were enabled to dress so finely . Batilde explained the phenomenon . ‘ Ah ! they have infinite merit , ’ responded the Frenchwoman ; ‘ two of them , whom I chance to know , in order to be enabled to do so , live on eggs and bread , in one room , where they sit , eat , and sleep , nay , sometimes cook ; and they have their just reward , for they are universally admired and respected . ’ This is a pretty fair specimen of the effort made by Frenchwomen of the humbler orders to maintain a tasteful exterior . To make themselves neat is a principle ; and they seem to have an inherent perception of what constitutes taste . They may sometimes go too far in this direction , and think more of dress and ornaments than they should do . One can at least say , that they are on the safe side . Better to love outward show , than , as is often visible in Scotland , have no regard for appearances . Better cleanliness on any terms than utter slovenliness . I really must say , we saw some most creditable efforts in France to maintain self-respect , among the female population . About this time , an old gentleman , who was distantly related to us , died — without having , however , an idea of the extent of our poverty — leaving my husband L. 50 for a ring . Here was riches — unexpected riches ! and I verily believe few who succeed to L. 50 , 000 ever felt more or as much rapture as we did ; and we spent an evening very happily settling how we should employ the money . In the first place , we hired a good servant for L. 8 ! and dismissed Batilde ; we then , by paying half , induced the landlord to lath , plaster , paper , and paint the large lumber-room , and open a door of communication into the passage , by which we avoided entering through the kitchen . Our late sitting-room we dined in , and made the dining-room a dressing-room ; got several small comforts besides ; and though last not least , hired an old piano ; and every evening enjoyed music in a degree none but real lovers of that delightful art , long deprived of it , can have the slightest conception of — and all this happiness and comfort for L. 50 ! Think of that , ye ladies who give as much for a gown ! Our new servant , Olive , was as clean , orderly , and active as our late one had been the reverse . The difference it made in our comfort was as great as if we had had our former establishment restored , and really our bonne was a host within herself . The house was always clean , but we never saw her cleaning : she went to market , baked all our bread , yet never seemed oppressed with work : her cookery was capital ; she made excellent dishes out of what Batilde would have wasted : went to mass every morning , and was back in time to prepare everything for our breakfast . After staying a month , she begged permission to leave the cockloft and bring her ‘ effects ’ to the gate-house , which we willingly permitted ; and her wardrobe was worth a journey to see , when we remembered that her wages had never been quite L. 8 until she came to us , and her age only thirty . I shall give the list I copied , hoping some of our English Betties may read and profit by her example : twenty-four good strong linen shifts , made and marked neatly by herself ; two dozen worsted and thread stockings , knit by herself ; twelve pocket-handkerchiefs ; six stout petticoats ; four flannel do . ; six pair of shoes ; eight caps ; eight neck-frills ; umbrella ; prayer-book ; gold earrings and cross — which two last , with a beautiful lace-cap , she inherited , but everything else was of her own earning . She bought a wardrobe and bedstead , and was by degrees getting furniture ; and as I exacted no sewing , every leisure moment she was spinning her future sheets . With all this she was also very kind to a married sister , who had a large family ; but she wore no flowers , flounces , nor finery ; her six gowns were of a stuff the Scotch call linsey-woolsey ; and so in sixteen years ’ services she had amassed what I have just described . Why can n't our girls do as much where wages are higher and clothes cheaper ? We spent three years in this happy solitude , and felt almost sorry when an unexpected legacy , and the settlement of our affairs together , enabled us to return to all the comforts and many of the luxuries of life . It gives me much pleasure to record the many kindnesses we received from all ranks of people . Upon one occasion we were forced to ask the butcher to wait three months longer for his bill : he not only consented , but his wife insisted upon lending us money , and was quite cross when we gratefully declined her kindness . Near the time of our departure , as we were paying a large account , the shopkeeper said : ‘ At this time you must have many calls upon you ; transmit me the amount from England , for I can afford to wait . ’ Another of our tradesmen , a shoemaker , was a most singular character — a great physiognomist , and would not serve those he did not like . A dashing English family wished to employ him , but he fought shy , and made himself so disagreeable that they went to another : he told me this before his wife , who seemed annoyed at his conduct . He explained that he did not like their appearance , and was sure they would not pay for what they had . He was right ; they left the place in debt to his confr è re and everybody else . I rejoice in this opportunity of assuring my countrymen that there is as much true kindness to be met with in France as in England , and the selfishness we complain of in our neighbours on the other side of the Channel , is often but a preconceived fancy , or induced by our own cold behaviour . The above true sketch shews at least that we met with substantial kindness , and I hope it also proves that we are sensible of it . PHANTOMS OF THE FAR EAST . The form assumed by superstition in India is not very different from the European type , otherwise than in a certain exaggeration , impressed on it , no doubt , by the grotesque grandeur of the mythology . Witchcraft is pretty nearly the same in both regions — the old women being the chief professors of the art ; but in many districts of the former country , the evil power is bestowed upon every old woman without exception . Girls will not marry into a family without a witch , for how could their infants be protected from the spells of the other old women ? It is dangerous to jostle an old woman on the street , however accidentally , lest she take vengeance on the spot . A man came into this unpleasant contact while he was walking along , carelessly chewing a piece of sugar-cane ; and hearing the muttered objurgations of the hag , as he turned round to apologise , he was not surprised to find the juice of the cane turned into blood . The spectators , likewise , recognised the metamorphosis as soon as it was pointed out to them ; and when the terrified victim instantly leaped on his horse , and put ten or twelve miles between him and the sorceress before drawing bridle , he was believed to have saved his life by this dispatch . The operations of the men-sorcerers are less spontaneous and more scientific . They set about their work in a business-like way ; and within sight of the house of their intended victim the mystic caldron begins to boil and bubble . The victim , however , is not to be terrified out of his senses . What are his enemy 's fires and incantations to him ? He will only just take no notice , and continue to live on as if there was not a sorcerer in the world . But that smoke : it meets his eye the first object every morning . That ruddy glare : it is the last thing he sees at night . That measured but inarticulate sound : it is never out of his ear . His thoughts dwell on the mystical business . He is preoccupied even in company . He wonders what they are now putting into the pot ; and whether it has any connection with the spasm that has just shot through him . He becomes nervous ; he feels unwell ; he cannot sleep for thinking ; he cannot eat for that horrid broth that bubbles for ever in his mind . He gets worse , and worse , and worse . He dies ! But this empire of the imagination is beaten hollow in Java , where it is supposed that a housebreaker , by throwing a handful of earth upon the beds of the inmates , completely incapacitates them from moving to save their property . And this is no mere speculative belief , but an actual fact . The man who is to be robbed , on feeling the earth fall upon him , lies as motionless as if he was bound hand and foot . He is under a spell ; a spell which , in our own country , even knowledge and refinement have power only to modify . In England , there is a large class of persons who believe that a certain pill is able to cure all diseases , however opposite their natures , and however different the constitutions of the patients . It is in vain the analytical chemist describes publicly the component parts and real qualities of the quack medicine — their faith is unshaken . In India , this low and paltry credulity acquires a character of the poetical ; for there the popular confidence reposes — not more irrationally — on the prayers and incantations of the practitioner . But this sort of practice , in the wilder parts of the country , renders the medical profession somewhat unsafe to its professors ; for the doctor is looked upon as a wizard , with power to cure or kill as he chooses . In such places — the jungly districts — there are diseases of the liver and spleen , to which the children , more especially , are subject ; and when so affected , the patient pines away and dies without any external token of disease . This result is , of course , attributed to preternatural means ; and if there is not an old woman at hand obnoxious to suspicion , the doctor is set down as the murderer . ‘ I have in these territories , ’ says Colonel Sleeman , ‘ known a great many instances of medical practitioners being put to death for not curing young people for whom they were required to prescribe . Several cases have come before me as a magistrate , in which the father has stood over the doctor with a drawn sword , by the side of the bed of his child , and cut him down , and killed him the moment the child died , as he had sworn to do when he found the patient sinking under his prescriptions . ’ Another superstition of the country , originating no doubt in local circumstances , found its way into Europe , where no such circumstances existed . In India , a man suddenly vanishes . His family , perhaps , are expecting him at home , but from that moment he is never more heard of . He has been destroyed in the jungle by a tiger , and his remains so completely devoured by other animals , that there is scarcely a relic of his body left to give assurance of a man , far less as a proof of his identity . These mysterious disappearances , however , are connected with their real cause ; and men are believed to be frequently metamorphosed — sometimes voluntarily , sometimes involuntarily — into tigers . The voluntary transformation is effected merely by eating a certain root , whereupon the man is instantly changed into a tiger ; and when tired of his new character , he has only to eat another , when , presto ! he subsides from a tiger into a man . But occasionally mistakes happen . An individual of an inquiring disposition once felt a strong curiosity to know what were the sensations attendant on such a transformation ; but being a prudent person , he set about the experiment with all necessary precaution . Having provided himself with —— the insane root That takes the reason prisoner , he gave one likewise to his wife , desiring her to stand by and watch the event , and as soon as she saw him fairly turned into a tiger , to thrust it into his mouth . The wife promised , but her nerves were not equal to the performance . As soon as she saw her husband fixed in his new form , she took to flight — carrying in her hand , in the confusion of her mind , the root that would have restored him to her faithful arms ! And so it befell that the poor man-tiger was obliged to take to the woods , where for many a day he dined on his old neighbours of the village , till he was at length shot , and recognised ! In this superstition will be seen the prototype of the wolf-mania of medi æ val Europe . In Brittany , men betook themselves to the forests in the shape of wolves , out of a morbid passion for the amusement of howling and ravening ; but if they left in some secure place the clothes they had thrown off to prepare for the metamorphosis , they had only to reassume them in order to regain their natural forms . But sometimes a catastrophe like the above occurred : the wife discovered the hidden clothes , and carrying them home in the innocent carefulness of her heart , the poor husband lived and died a wolf . The Hindoos , like other ancient peoples , predict good or evil fortune from certain phenomena of nature ; but one instance of this has been described to us in a communication from our Old Indian , which far excels in the poetical the finest fancies of the Greeks . We cannot undertake to say that the thing is new , although we ourselves never heard of it before ; but as the knowledge of it was imparted to her by her moonshee as a profound secret , we present it as such to our readers , recommending them to make the experiment for themselves . At the initiation of our informant , she was about to undertake a distant journey , and the old moonshee was anxious to consult the fates as to the fortunes that might be in store for his beloved mistress . He , accordingly , prevailed upon her to walk forth one night from the veranda , and with many quaint expressions of respect and anxiety , besought her to follow his directions with an attentive mind , abstracted as much as possible from the common thoughts of life . It was a clear , calm night ; the moon was full , and not the faintest speck in the sky disturbed her reign . The Ganges was like a flood of silver light , hastening on in charmed silence ; while on the green smooth sward on which they walked , a tall shrub , here and there , stood erect and motionless . The young lady , whose impressions were probably deepened by the mystical words of the moonshee , felt a kind of awe stealing over her : she looked round upon the accustomed scene , as if in some new and strange world ; and when the old man motioned her to stop , as they reached an open space on the sward , she obeyed with an indescribable thrill . ‘ Look there , ’ said he , pointing to her shadow , which fell tall and dark upon the grass . ‘ Do you see it ? ’ ‘ Yes , ’ said she faintly , yet beginning to be ashamed . ‘ How sharply defined are its edges ! It looks like something you could touch . ’ ‘ But look longer — look better — look steadfastly . Is it still so definite ? ’ ‘ A kind of halo begins to gather round it : my eyes dazzle ’ —— ‘ Then raise them to the heavens ; fix them on yonder blue sky . What do you see ? ’ ‘ I see it still ! But it is as white as mist , and of a gigantic size . ’ ‘ Has it a head ? ’ asked the moonshee in an anxious whisper . ‘ Yes ; it is complete in all its parts : but now it melts — floats — disappears . ’ ‘ Thank God ! ’ said the old man : ‘ your journey shall be prosperous — such is the will of Heaven ! ’ The experiment was tried on many other occasions by the young lady , and always with similar success , although never without a certain degree of trepidation , even after she had learned that the spectral appearance in the heavens was nothing more than the picture retained on the retina of the eye . She never saw the phantom without a head , which accounts for her being alive to this day ; or even wanting a limb , although she has not been without her share of the trials of the world . It can easily be conceived , however , that certain conditions of the atmosphere may produce these phenomena , which are regarded by the Hindoo seer as sure tokens of death or disaster . This superstition is not more unreasonable than the mistakes of our early travellers , who were accustomed to attribute a meaning to the phenomena of nature , of which more accurate knowledge has entirely stripped them . But the notions of the Hindoo are always peculiar — his fancy , even in its wildest excursions , is bounded by the circle of his mythology . When our Old Indian 's wanderings led her to Pinang , in the Straits of Malacca , she found a Hindoo convict there , trembling even in his chains as his fancy connected the wonders of the place with the dogmas in which he had been reared . This most beautiful island , as our readers may remember , came into the possession of an Englishman in the latter part of last century in rather a romantic way — forming the dowry of a native princess , the daughter of the king of Quedah , whom he married . Captain Light transferred it to the East India Company , who were not slow in discovering the advantages of its fine harbour , rich soil , and salubrious climate . Its inhabitants at that time were a few fishermen on the coast ; and the interior was covered with an almost impervious forest ; but now there is a population of Europeans and Americans , and Asiatics of almost all countries ; and plantations of sugar , coffee , pepper , and other intertropical produce . Among the inhabitants are invalids , who proceed thither from continental India for the restoration of their health ; and convicts , who are compelled to compensate by their labour the injuries they have inflicted on society . The man alluded to belonged to the latter class , having probably travelled for his country 's good from the tamer lowlands of Bengal ; and when the traveller asked him how he liked the region , he expressed the utmost awe , united with the bitterest condemnation of the Europeans , for desecrating by their roads and other works a place so obviously the abode of deutas and spirits . He said , that when they had begun to carry the up-hill road through these primeval forests , they were warned of their impiety by the voices of the gods themselves , in bursts of unearthly music , blasts of the trumpet , and the clash of cymbals and gongs . ‘ The first tree we struck with the axe , ’ added he with a shudder , ‘ ran milk ; and the second , blood ! ’ Of these two substances , the former is still more ominous in the Brahminical faith than the latter , for everything connected with the cow is sacred and mysterious . ‘ Well , ’ said the inquirer , ‘ what happened — since in spite of these omens you persisted in your task ? Did the gods take vengeance ? ’ ‘ Yes , ’ said he solemnly ; ‘ but we were only instruments , like the axes in our hands ; and the vengeance , therefore , fell upon the prime mover . The governor ’ — coming close up to the lady , and putting his mouth to her ear — ‘ the governor died ! ’ Now , all this was true — music , milk , blood , and death ; and yet none of these was more the work of supernatural agency than any of the common circumstances of life . The supposed unearthly sounds proceed neither from birds nor men , and the effect is either pleasing or awful , according to the mood of the listener . Some , in such circumstances , instead of receiving impressions of awe , like the Hindoo convict , would exclaim : Where should this music be — i ’ the air , or the earth ? It sounds no more : and sure it waits upon Some god of the island . And again : —— The isle is full of noises , Sounds , and sweet airs , that give delight and hurt not . Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments Will hum about mine ears ; and sometimes voices , That , if I then had waked after long sleep , Will make me sleep again . One would think Shakspeare had actually been in some tropical forest when the daylight began to fade , and the myriads of insects to take up their evening-song ! One of these extraordinary musicians is distinguished as the trumpeter ; another produces a tinkle like a bell ; and a third gives forth a sound which the imagination may ascribe to any instrument , or band of instruments , it pleases . This species of cricket buries himself in a centre , to which converge seven holes , which he has drilled in a circle ; and from these seven tubes a sound rushes forth , which almost stuns the passer-by . It may be conceived , therefore , that a forest peopled with myriads upon myriads of such ‘ executants , ’ must have a strain for every ear , every mood , and every conscience . The tree which welled forth milk when struck by the axe was the Ficus elastica — a sort of gigantic vine , as thick as a man 's arm , which creeps along the ground , sending forth new roots from the joint , and , climbing at length some lofty tree , expands in branches . This is the chief caoutchouc-plant , and its sap has not only the colour , but many of the chemical properties of animal milk , and is frequently drunk as food . The blood came from one of the eucalypta , popularly called the blue gum-tree . The governor did die soon after his arrival on the island , and no doubt immediately after he had disturbed , in the manner related , the genius loci . Pinang contains about 160 square miles of surface , nearly the whole of which is laid out in hills and dales , the loftiest of the former reaching a height of 2500 feet above the sea-level . On the slopes of this hill are built the governor 's rural residence , and a bungalow , where invalids resort for country air . It is possible that great changes may have taken place here of late years , when efforts have been made to dot the island with sugar-plantations ; but at the time we speak of , this was a solitary spot , behind which dark forests stretched upwards to the summit . Among these forests , on the shoulder of the hill , there occurs an optical phenomenon , not unknown in Europe , which is here an object of superstitious terror to the natives . The first European who observed it was a gentleman who , taking advantage of the coolness of the hour , had strolled away in the early morning from the inhabited district , and was skirting round a deep valley , dotted at the bottom , and overhung at the sides with lofty trees . The beams of the sun had already begun to acquire some power , although his disk was scarcely yet above the horizon ; and the traveller watched with interest the effect of the dawning light upon a sea of vapour which nearly filled the valley . This slowly-moving cloud , as it was acted upon by the sun , swelled higher and higher , and became whiter and whiter , till it finally settled , filling the whole valley with a substance that looked like alabaster , in the midst of which the topmost branches of the tall trees hung motionless . The scene was strangely beautiful ; and the spectator , who was screened from the now risen sun by a belt of forest , lingered for awhile to contemplate it . When at length he resumed his walk , and , emerging from the trees , found himself in the full blaze of the rising sun , he turned once more to observe the effect on the vapour ; and a cry of wonder which arose to his lips was only repressed by a feeling of awe , as he saw upon that alabaster surface a dark human figure of gigantic dimensions , surrounded by a halo that seemed formed of the rainbow . A confused rush of associations half acquainted him at the moment with the nature of the phenomenon ; but giving way to the feeling of poetical delight , he clasped his hands above his head in admiration — a movement which the Phantom of the Alabaster Valley instantaneously imitated ! It was indeed his own shadow — and a shadow he was not to recall , even when he turned away to journey homewards . There , in that lonely place , it seemed to him to remain for ever — a link connecting him with the spirit of nature , and ever and anon drawing him back into her domain from the meanness , and folly , and wickedness of the world . DECIMAL SYSTEM OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES . The state of our national weights and measures has been a fertile subject of legislative enactment ever since the signing of the Magna Charta , which proclaims that ‘ there shall be one weight and one measure . ’ ‘ We will and establish , ’ said an act of Edward III . nearly 500 years ago , ‘ that one weight , one measure , and one yard , be used throughout the land . ’ Act has followed act from that time to this , and still we have not only different weights and measures for different commodities , but for the same in different parts of the realm . An ounce means one thing to the grocer , another to the apothecary . A stone is 8 pounds to the London butcher or fishmonger , 14 to the provincial ; 5 pounds to the dealer in glass , 16 to the cheesemonger , and 32 to the dealer in hemp . The corn-trade exhibits still greater varieties . Prices are quoted in official circulars in every fashion , from the Mark-Lane quarter to the Scotch boll , the firlot , the load ( which may be of various dimensions ) , the coomb , the last , the barrel ( which also may be various ) , the ton , the hundredweight , and the pound . We have seen an extract from an actual account-sales , by which it appeared , that at the same port the merchant had sold a cargo of foreign wheat by five different bushels according to the customs of the buyers . In paying the duty , these various bushels had to be converted into imperial quarters , and in calculating tonnage and other dues , it was necessary to reduce all to tons ! Here is surely a source of endless confusion , if not an opening for fraud . Our legislature has gone on from century to century , mending or mutilating the statutes as the case might be , but laying down no principles scientific enough to command the approval of the educated , or simple enough to prevail over the established usages of the commonalty . Our neighbours in France , who are particularly fond of framing theories and experimenting on them for the edification of other nations , availed themselves of the general upturning of affairs in 1789 , to introduce a universal decimal system , to be applied to everything whatever that could be counted , weighed , or measured . They started from the measurement of the globe itself , and took as the basis of their whole system the ten-millionth part of a quadrant of a meridian , equal to 39-371 / 1000 inches English . This they called a m è tre ( measure ) , and to it , as a unit , they prefixed the Greek numerals to express increase in the decimal ratio ; thus decam è tres , tens of meters ; hectam è tres , hundreds of meters ; and so on . To express diminution in the decimal ratio , they used the Latin numerals ; thus , decim è tres , tenths of meters ; centim è tres , hundredths of meters ; milliam è tres , thousandths of meters . The unit adopted for square measure was the are , equal to 100 square meters ; for solid measure , the st è re , equal to one cubic meter ; and for measure of capacity , the litre , a cubic decimeter . The weights were derived from these measures ; the gramme being the weight of one cubic centimeter of distilled water . The system of decimal gradation was applied to all of these ; that is , each denomination represented a tenth part of the one above it , and ten times as much as the one next below it , the Latin and Greek numerals being prefixed as we have already described with reference to the meter . In conformity with this decimal law , the quadrant was divided , for astronomical purposes , into 100 degrees instead of 90 ; and the thermometer likewise into 100 degrees from the boiling to the freezing point . At the same time , a system of reckoning money by tens was introduced ; and it must be owned , that the whole system of computation in weights , measures , and money established in France at this period , is one of the greatest triumphs of civilisation . In ordinary transactions , old denominations of money are still used by the French ; the sous , in particular , being apparently ineradicable . But in book-keeping , the furnishing of accounts , and in literature , the modern and legal standards are invariably adhered to . About thirty years ago , the Americans took it into serious consideration whether they should adopt the ready-made scale of France entire . On that occasion ( 1821 ) , Mr John Quincy Adams produced a most elaborate report to Congress , containing an immense amount of information on the subject of metrology . He found great fault with the French nomenclature , so puzzling to the unlearned . ‘ Give the people , ’ said he , ‘ but their accustomed words , and they will call 16 a dozen ; 120 , 112 , or any other number , a hundred . ’ He disapproved , likewise , of thrusting the decimal principle upon things incompatible with it . ‘ Decimal arithmetic , ’ said he , ‘ is a contrivance of man for computing numbers , and not a property of time , space , or matter . It belongs essentially to the keeping of accounts , but is merely an incident to the transactions of trade . Nature has no partiality for the number 10 ; and the attempt to shackle her freedom with them [ decimal gradations ] , will for ever prove abortive . ’ And again : ‘ To the mensuration of the surface and the solid , the number 10 is of little more use than any other . If decimal arithmetic is incompetent to give the dimensions of most artificial forms , the square and the cube , still more incompetent is it to give the circumference , the area , and the contents of the circle and the sphere . ’ And once more : ‘ The new metrology of France , after trying the principle of decimal division in its almost universal application , has been compelled to renounce it for all the measures of astronomy , geography , navigation , time , the circle , and the sphere ; to modify it even for superficial and cubical linear measure . ’ The conclusion of the Americans was , that it was better to continue the use of the system of weights and measures inherited from the father-land . Partly on account of our intimate commercial relations with them , they are content to wait , and allow us to take the lead in the work of reform . Taking our stand on the ground of mere practical utility , according to the views suggested , we do not advocate any interference with the foot , the rood , the acre , the mile , which would lead to the removal of old landmarks , and would render almost every chart and map and book in the country obsolete . But we suggest that the time has arrived when our national weights and measures may be finally adjusted on simple and scientific principles . Within the last thirty years , a principle that goes far towards clearing our way has been laid down , and in part carried into practice . By an act of the British legislature , which came into operation on the 1st January 1826 , our standards were accurately adjusted , and certain rules were laid down , by which they could be restored if lost ; while the uniform use of these in the business of the country was strictly enjoined . The imperial yard , which is the basis of the whole , is to be found in the following manner :— ‘ Take a pendulum , vibrating seconds of time , in the latitude of London , in vacuum and at the level of the sea ; divide all that part thereof which lies between the axis of suspension and the centre of oscillation into 391 , 393 equal parts ; then will 10 , 000 of these parts be an imperial inch , 12 whereof make a foot , and 36 whereof make a yard . ’ All other measures of linear extension are to be computed from this . Thus , ‘ the foot , the inch , the pole , the furlong , and the mile , shall bear the same proportion to the imperial standard yard as they have hitherto borne to the yard measure in general use . ’ For the determination of weights , take a cube of an imperial inch of distilled water at 62 degrees Fahrenheit ; let this be weighed with any weight , and let such weight be divided into 252 , 458 equal parts ; then will a thousand of such parts be a troy grain , of which 5760 make a pound troy , and 7000 a pound avoirdupois . ‘ This troy-weight , ’ said the commissioners , ‘ appeared to us to be the ancient weight of this kingdom , having existed in the same state from the time of Edward the Confessor . ’ ‘ We were induced , moreover , ’ said they , ‘ to preserve the troy-weight , because all the coinage has been uniformly regulated by it , and all medical prescriptions and formul æ have always been estimated by troy-weight , under a peculiar subdivision which the college of physicians have expressed themselves most anxious to preserve . ’ It was resolved , therefore , to continue the use of troy-weight for drugs , bullion , & c. and to raise the avoirdupois on its basis . The commissioners went on to say : ‘ The avoirdupois pound , by which all heavy goods have been for a long time weighed , seems not to have been preserved with such scrupulous accuracy as the troy , by which more precious articles have been weighed ; ’ but it was so nearly equivalent to 7000 grains troy , that they determined this should be its standard for the future . Measures of capacity were to be based upon this weight , and not , as heretofore , on cubic inches . Ten lbs . avoirdupois of distilled water weighed in air at the temperature of 62 degrees Fahrenheit , and the barometer at 30 inches , were henceforth to determine the imperial gallon , to the utter abolition of three distinct gallons for wine , ale , and corn , based respectively on the specific bulk and gravity of Bordeaux wine , English ale , and grains of wheat . All other measures were to be taken in parts or multiples of the said imperial standard gallon , according to the proportions hitherto in use . A great reform in this connection , was the obligation of dealers to sell most solid commodities — as coal , bread , potatoes , & c .— by weight and not by measure , which had been liable to great abuses . Corn , however , was not included in this provision ; nor has even the use of the imperial bushel been universally enforced where it interfered with the long-established usages of corporate bodies . To carry thus far into effect these newly-established measures , required no common exercise of authority . Every dealer , wholesale or retail , was obliged to have his weights verified and stamped . The brewer was compelled to get new casks ; the retailer new pots and pints ; the farmer new bushels , and , consequently , new corn-sacks . The expense thus incurred was enormous , and the grumbling was of course in due proportion . It is believed that the units above mentioned — the yard , the pound avoirdupois , and the imperial gallon — cannot now be superseded by any other . It remains to shew , as Mr Taylor has very satisfactorily done , [ 1 ] how that which has been well begun may be followed out and completed by the establishment of more complete uniformity , and the legalisation of decimal gradations for facilitating calculation . The two co-existing pounds originally adjusted in relation to the specific gravities of wheat and spring-water , are now the sole remains and representatives of a fanciful theory spun in the middle ages ; and the first question that occurs is , whether the pound troy , having served its purpose , might not be done away with , and the pound avoirdupois ascertained by reference to a cubic inch of distilled water . We were told forty years ago , that for the introduction of a uniform and scientific system , we must wait for the spread of education in the community ; and we feel somewhat ashamed now to find that the members of the medical profession , which is understood to be one of the most highly-educated bodies , offer the most formidable opposition to reformation in this respect . ‘ The testimony , however , ’ says Mr Taylor , ‘ of many individuals of the medical profession , especially the younger portion , and certainly that of the retailers and dispensers of drugs , tends entirely to shew the practicability of a beneficial and convenient change . With all these , there appears no more serious difficulty to encounter than that involved in altered editions of their usual dispensatories , or books of reference ’ — an amount of trouble and expense , we should say , not greater , certainly , in proportion to the position of the parties concerned , than that which was forced on the poor chandlers and milkwomen by the act of 1826 . Then , to adapt the avoirdupois pound to the further objects in view , it must be reconstructed as to its divisional parts . In order to this , it is not necessary that the nomenclature should be changed , or that our poor people should be puzzled with the decas , and hexas , and millias which has formed the greatest practical difficulty in the decimal system of France . It is proposed simply to divide the pound avoirdupois into 10 , 000 parts instead of 7000 , and to employ names at present in use for the minor denominations ; but if it be thought incongruous to retain the term grain , which had reference to the weight of wheat or barley , minim might be substituted . Then the multiples of the pound , which have hitherto been so various , are to be decimally graduated — as , stones of 10 lbs ., cwts . of 10 stone ( or , literally , 100 lbs .) , and tons of 10 cwt . The decimal measures below the gallon would correspond of course with the weights , as it is decided by the act , that a gallon is to contain ten pounds of water . The measures above gallons , it is proposed to call firkins and butts . It is taken for granted that quarts and pints , as well as half-pounds and quarter-pounds , would still be continued in use . In France , the government was obliged to relax its decimal principles in favour of permitting a partial return to the binary mode of subdivision . Mr Adams , who is high authority on such a point , avers that such divisions are ‘ as necessary to the practical use of weights and measures , as the decimal divisions are convenient for calculations resulting from them . ’ If this be admitted , almost the only change to retailers of ordinary commodities would be the introduction of the new ounce weight , altered to the tenth of a pound , with price in correspondence ; and perhaps the fluid pound , or tenth of a gallon . If , however , the latter were likely to be generally used by the masses , it would be desirable that it should bear a more familiar name . But probably it would be little known , except as the highest denomination generally used by the apothecary ; in which case the nomenclature would be all the better for expressing the value of the measure scientifically in relation to distilled water , as is now usually done by this class . It is easy to shew the practical advantages that would result in mercantile calculations if such a scale were adopted , and especially in connection with the decimal system of money advocated in a former number of this Journal . [ 2 ] If a parcel of goods weighs 13 cwt ., 7 stone , 8 lbs ., and it be desired to know how many pounds it contains , it is unnecessary to change a single figure to shew that there are 1378 ; an additional cipher gives the number of ounces ( 137 , 80 ) ; another the number of drachms ( 137 , 800 ) , instead of requiring the present tedious process of reduction . Again : if any commodity costs , for instance , 2 fl . 3 cents per lb ., we know without taking up a pen that it is 2 cents 3 mil . per ounce ; that it is L. 2 , 3 fl . per stone ; L. 23 per cwt . ; L. 230 per ton ; and so on . Here is a cargo — no matter of what — weighing 374 tons , 7 cwt . 4 st . If the value is , for instance , L. 2 , 3s . per ton , we have but to multiply the figures 37474 by 23 , and point the amount thus — L. 861. 9. 0. 2 . If , however , the price be L. 2 , 3s . per cwt ., the point after the pounds , which is the only essential one , must be removed a step further to the right — thus , L. 8619. 0. 2 ; and if L. 2 , 3s . per stone , it will be L. 86190. 2 . Let any one try the difference between these operations and similar calculations according to our present system , and he will confess it is no mean advantage that the advocates of decimal gradations are seeking to obtain for the community . We are happy to add , that since our article on Decimal Coinage appeared , we have received numerous communications on the subject ; and while there are minor differences of opinion as to the details , there appears to be perfect unanimity as to the desirableness of the system , and the possibility of bringing it into general use . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] The Decimal System . By Henry Taylor . London : Groombridge & Sons . [ 2 ] See No . 428 . THE LITTLE GRAY GOSSIP . Soon after Cousin Con 's marriage , we were invited to stay for a few weeks with the newly-married couple , during the festive winter season ; so away we went with merry hearts , the clear frosty air and pleasant prospect before us invigorating our spirits , as we took our places inside the good old mail-coach , which passed through the town of P ——, where Cousin Con resided , for there were no railways then . Never was there a kinder or more genial soul than Cousin Con ; and David Danvers , the goodman , as she laughingly called him , was , if possible , kinder and more genial still . They were surrounded by substantial comforts , and delighted to see their friends in a sociable , easy way , and to make them snug and cosy , our arrival being the signal for a succession of such convivialities . Very mirthful and enjoyable were these evenings , for Con 's presence always shed radiant sunshine , and David 's honest broad face beamed upon her with affectionate pride . During the days of their courtship at our house , they had perhaps indulged in billing and cooing a little too freely when in company with others , for sober middle-aged lovers like themselves ; thereby lying open to animadversions from prim spinsters , who wondered that Miss Constance and Mr Danvers made themselves so ridiculous . But now all this nonsense had sobered down , and nothing could be detected beyond a sly glance , or a squeeze of the hand now and then ; yet we often quizzed them about by-gones , and declared that engaged pairs were insufferable — we could always find them out among a hundred ! ‘ I 'll bet you anything you like , ’ cried Cousin Con , with a good-humoured laugh , ‘ that among our guests coming this evening ’ ( there was to be a tea-junketing ) , ‘ you 'll not be able to point out the engaged couple — for there will be only one such present — though plenty of lads and lasses that would like to be so happily situated ! But the couple I allude to are real turtledoves , and yet I defy you to find them out ! ’ ‘ Done , Cousin Con ! ’ we exclaimed ; ‘ and what shall we wager ? ’ ‘ Gloves ! gloves to be sure ! ’ cried David . ‘ Ladies always wager gloves ; though I can tell you , my Con is on the safe side now ; ’ and David rubbed his hands , delighted with the joke ; and we already , in perspective , beheld our glove-box enriched with half-a-dozen pair of snowy French sevens ! Never had we felt more interested in watching the arrivals and movements of strangers , than on this evening , for our honour was concerned , to detect the lovers , and raise the veil . Papas and mammas , and masters and misses , came trooping in ; old ladies , and middle-aged ; old gentlemen , and middle-aged — until the number amounted to about thirty , and Cousin Con 's drawing-rooms were comfortably filled . We closely scrutinised all the young folks , and so intently but covertly watched their proceedings , that we could have revealed several innocent flirtations , but nothing appeared that could lead us to the turtledoves and their engagement . At length , we really had hopes , and ensconced ourselves in a corner , to observe the more cautiously a tall , beautiful girl , whose eyes incessantly turned towards the door of the apartment ; while each time it opened to admit any one , she sighed and looked disappointed , as if that one was not the one she yearned to see . We were deep in a reverie , conjuring up a romance of which she was the heroine , when a little lady , habited in gray , whose age might average threescore , unceremoniously seated herself beside us , and immediately commenced a conversation , by asking if we were admiring pretty Annie Mortimer — following the direction of our looks . On receiving a reply in the affirmative , she continued : ‘ Ah , she 's a good , affectionate girl ; a great favourite of mine is sweet Annie Mortimer . ’ ‘ Watching for her lover , no doubt ? ’ we ventured to say , hoping to gain the desired information , and thinking of our white kid-gloves . ‘ She is an engaged young lady ? ’ ‘ Engaged ! engaged ! ’ cried the little animated lady : ‘ no indeed . The fates forbid ! Annie Mortimer is not engaged . ’ The expression of the little lady 's countenance at our bare supposition of so natural a fact , amounted almost to the ludicrous ; and we with some difficulty articulated a serious rejoinder , disavowing all previous knowledge , and therefore erring through ignorance . We had now time to examine our new acquaintance more critically . As we have already stated , she was habited in gray ; but not only was her attire gray , but she was literally gray all over : gray hairs , braided in a peculiar obsolete fashion , and quite uncovered ; gray gloves ; gray shoes ; and , above all , gray eyes , soft , large , and peculiarly sad in expression , yet beautiful eyes , redeeming the gray , monotonous countenance from absolute plainness . Mary Queen of Scots , we are told , had gray eyes ; and even she , poor lady , owned not more speaking or history-telling orbs than did this little unknown gossip in gray . But our attention was diverted from the contemplation , by the entrance of another actor on the stage , to whom Annie Mortimer darted forward with an exclamation of delight and welcome . The new-comer was a slender , elderly gentleman , whose white hairs , pale face , and benignant expression presented nothing remarkable in their aspect , beyond a certain air of elegance and refinement , which characterised the whole outward man . ‘ That is a charming-looking old gentleman , ’ said we to the gray lady ; ‘ is he Annie 's father ? ’ ‘ Her father ! O dear , no ! That gentleman is a bachelor ; but he is Annie 's guardian , and has supplied the place of a father to her , for poor Annie is an orphan . ’ ‘ Oh ! ’ we exclaimed , and there was a great deal of meaning in our oh ! for had we not read and heard of youthful wards falling in love with their guardians ? and might not the fair Annie 's taste incline this way ? The little gray lady understood our thoughts , for she smiled , but said nothing ; and while we were absorbed with Annie and her supposed antiquated lover , she glided into the circle , and presently we beheld Annie 's guardian , with Annie leaning on his arm , exchange a few words with her in an undertone , as she passed them to an inner room . ‘ Who is that pleasing-looking old gentleman ? ’ said we to our hostess ; ‘ and what is the name of the lady in gray , who went away just as you came up ? That is Annie Mortimer we know , and we know also that she is n't engaged ! ’ Cousin Con laughed heartily as she replied : ‘ That nice old gentleman is Mr Worthington , our poor curate ; and a poor curate he is likely ever to continue , so far as we can see . The lady in gray we call our “ little gray gossip , ” and a darling she is ! As to Annie , you seem to know all about her . I suppose little Bessie has been lauding her up to the skies . ’ ‘ Who is little Bessie ? ’ we inquired . ‘ Little Bessie is your little gray gossip : we never call her anything but Bessie to her face ; she is a harmless little old maid . But come this way : Bessie is going to sing , for they wo n't let her rest till she complies ; and Bessie singing , and Bessie talking , are widely different creatures . ’ Widely different indeed ! Could this be the little gray lady seated at the piano , and making it speak ? while her thrilling tones , as she sang of ‘ days gone by , ’ went straight to each listener 's heart , she herself looking ten years younger ! When the song was over , I observed Mr Worthington , with Annie still resting on his arm , in a corner of the apartment , shaded by a projecting piece of furniture ; and I also noted the tear on his furrowed cheek , which he hastily brushed away , and stooped to answer some remark of Annie 's , who , with fond affection , had evidently observed it too , endeavouring to dispel the painful illusion which remembrances of days gone by occasioned . We at length found the company separating , and our wager still unredeemed . The last to depart was Mr Worthington , escorting Annie Mortimer and little Bessie , whom he shawled most tenderly , no doubt because she was a poor forlorn little old maid , and sang so sweetly . The next morning at breakfast , Cousin Con attacked us , supported by Mr Danvers , both demanding a solution of the mystery , or the scented sevens ! After a vast deal of laughing , talking , and discussion , we were obliged to confess ourselves beaten , for there had been an engaged couple present on the previous evening , and we had failed to discover them . No ; it was not Annie Mortimer : she had no lover . No ; it was not the Misses Halliday , or the Masters Burton : they had flirted and danced , and danced and flirted indiscriminately ; but as to serious engagements — pooh ! pooh ! Who would have conjectured the romance of reality that was now divulged ? and how could we have been so stupid as not to have read it at a glance ? These contradictory exclamations , as is usual in such cases , ensued when the riddle was unfolded . It is so easy to be wise when we have learned the wisdom . Yet we cheerfully lost our wager , and would have lost a hundred such , for the sake of hearing a tale so far removed from matter-of-fact ; proving also that enduring faith and affection are not so fabulous as philosophers often pronounce them to be . Bessie Prudholm was nearly related to David Danvers , and she had been the only child of a talented but improvident father , who , after a short , brilliant career as a public singer , suddenly sank into obscurity and neglect , from the total loss of his vocal powers , brought on by a violent rheumatic cold and lasting prostration of strength . At this juncture , Bessie had nearly attained her twentieth year , and was still in mourning for an excellent mother , by whom she had been tenderly and carefully brought up . From luxury and indulgence the descent to poverty and privation was swift . Bessie , indeed , inherited a very small income in right of her deceased parent , sufficient for her own wants , and even comforts , but totally inadequate to meet the thousand demands , caprices , and fancies of her ailing and exigeant father . However , for five years she battled bravely with adversity , eking out their scanty means by her exertions — though , from her father 's helpless condition , and the constant and unremitting attention he required , she was in a great measure debarred from applying her efforts advantageously . The poor , dying man , in his days of health , had contributed to the enjoyment of the affluent , and in turn been courted by them ; but now , forgotten and despised , he bitterly reviled the heartless world , whose hollow meed of applause it had formerly been the sole aim of his existence to secure . Wealth became to his disordered imagination the desideratum of existence , and he attached inordinate value to it , in proportion as he felt the bitter stings of comparative penury . To guard his only child — whom he certainly loved better than anything else in the world , save himself — from this dreaded evil , the misguided man , during his latter days , extracted from her an inviolable assurance , never to become the wife of any individual who could not settle upon her , subject to no contingencies or chances , the sum of at least one thousand pounds . Bessie , who was fancy-free , and a lively-spirited girl , by no means relished the slights and privations which poverty entails . She therefore willingly became bound by this solemn promise ; and when her father breathed his last , declaring that she had made his mind comparatively easy , little Bessie half smiled , even in the midst of her deep and natural sorrow , to think how small and easy a concession her poor father had exacted , when her own opinions and views so perfectly coincided with his . The orphan girl took up her abode with the mother of David Danvers , and continued to reside with that worthy lady until the latter 's decease . It was beneath the roof of Mrs Danvers that Bessie first became acquainted with Mr Worthington — that acquaintance speedily ripening into a mutual and sincere attachment . He was poor and patronless then , as he had continued ever since , with slender likelihood of ever possessing L. 100 of his own , much less L. 1000 to settle on a wife . It is true , that in the chances and changes of this mortal life , Paul Worthington might succeed to a fine inheritance ; but there were many lives betwixt him and it , and Paul was not the one to desire happiness at another 's expense , nor was sweet little Bessie either . Yet was Paul Worthington rich in one inestimable possession , such as money cannot purchase — even in the love of a pure devoted heart , which for him , and for his dear sake , bravely endured the life-long loneliness and isolation which their peculiar circumstances induced . Paul did not see Bessie grow old and gray : in his eyes , she never changed ; she was to him still beautiful , graceful , and enchanting ; she was his betrothed , and he came forth into the world , from his books , and his arduous clerical and parochial duties , to gaze at intervals into her soft eyes , to press her tiny hand , to whisper a fond word , and then to return to his lonely home , like a second Josiah Cargill , to try and find in severe study oblivion of sorrow . Annie Mortimer had been sent to him as a ministering angel : she was the orphan and penniless daughter of Mr Worthington 's dearest friend and former college-chum , and she had come to find a shelter beneath the humble roof of the pious guardian , to whose earthly care she had been solemnly bequeathed . Paul 's curacy was not many miles distant from the town where Bessie had fixed her resting-place ; and it was generally surmised by the select few who were in the secret of little Bessie 's singular history , that she regarded Annie Mortimer with especial favour and affection , from the fact , that Annie enjoyed the privilege of solacing and cheering Paul Worthington 's declining years . Each spoke of her as a dear adopted daughter , and Annie equally returned the affection of both . Poor solitaries ! what long anxious years they had known , separated by circumstance , yet knit together in the bonds of enduring love ! I pictured them at festive winter seasons , at their humble solitary boards ; and in summer prime , when song-birds and bright perfumed flowers call lovers forth into the sunshine rejoicingly . They had not dared to rejoice during their long engagement ; yet Bessie was a sociable creature , and did not mope or shut herself up , but led a life of active usefulness , and was a general favourite amongst all classes . They had never contemplated the possibility of evading Bessie 's solemn promise to her dying father ; to their tender consciences , that fatal promise was as binding and stringent , as if the gulf of marriage or conventual vows yawned betwixt them . We had been inclined to indulge some mirth at the expense of the little gray gossip , when she first presented herself to our notice ; but now we regarded her as an object of interest , surrounded by a halo of romance , fully shared in by her charming , venerable lover . And this was good Cousin Con 's elucidation of the riddle , which she narrated with many digressions , and with animated smiles , to conceal tears of sympathy . Paul Worthington and little Bessie did not like their history to be discussed by the rising frivolous generation ; it was so unworldly , so sacred , and they looked forward with humble hope so soon to be united for ever in the better land , that it pained and distressed them to be made a topic of conversation . Were we relating fiction , it would be easy to bring this antiquated pair together , even at the eleventh hour ; love and constancy making up for the absence of one sweet ingredient , evanescent , yet beautiful — the ingredient we mean of youth . But as this is a romance of reality , we are fain to divulge facts as they actually occurred , and as we heard them from authentic sources . Paul and Bessie , divided in their lives , repose side by side in the old church-yard . He dropped off first , and Bessie doffed her gray for sombre habiliments of darker hue . Nor did she long remain behind , loving little soul ! leaving her property to Annie Mortimer , and warning her against long engagements . The last time we heard of Annie , she was the happy wife of an excellent man , who , fully coinciding in the opinion of the little gray gossip , protested strenuously against more than six weeks ’ courtship , and carried his point triumphantly . THE WET SHROUD . ‘ Ach , Sohn ! was h ä lt dich zur ü ck ? ’ ‘ Siehe , Mutter , das sind die Thr ä nen . ’ MUTTERTHR Ä NEN . They gave her back again : They never asked to see her face ; But gazed upon her vacant place , Moaning , like those in pain . There was a brief hot thirst ; A thirsting of the heart for streams Which never more save in sweet dreams From that lost fount should burst . There was a frightful cry , As if the whole great earth were dead ; Yet was one arrow only sped , One , only , called to die . Then all grew calm as sleep ; And they in household ways once more Did go : the anguish half was o'er , For they had learned to weep . They stood about her bed , And whispered low beneath their cloud ; For she might hear them speaking loud — She was so near , they said . Softly her pillow pressing , With reverent brows they mutely lay ; They scarcely missed the risen clay In her pure soul 's caressing . Last , from their eyes were driven Those heart-drops , lest — so spoke their fears — Her robes all heavy with their tears Might clog her flight to Heaven ! E. L. H . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .