CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 444 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , JULY 3 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . THE ART SEASON . Returning with the circling year , and advancing pari passu with the multitude of metropolitan musical attractions , comes the more silent reign of the picture exhibitions — those great art-gatherings from thousands of studios , to undergo the ultimate test of public judgment in the dozen well-filled galleries , which the dilettante , or lounging Londoner , considers it his recurring annual duty strictly to inspect , and regularly to gossip in . As places where everybody meets everybody , and where lazy hours can be conveniently lounged away , the exhibitions in some sort supply in the afternoon what the Opera and parties do in the evenings . Nearly all through the summer-day , they are crowded with a softly-rustling , humming , buzzing crowd , coming and going perhaps , taking little heed of the nominal attraction , but sauntering from room to room , or ensconcing themselves in colonies or clusters of chairs , and lounging vacantly in cool lobbies . At energetic sight-seers , who are labouring away , catalogue and pencil in hand , they stare languidly . They really thought everybody had seen the pictures ; they know they have : they have stared at them until they became a bore . But this sort of people , who only come once , why , of course , they suppose this sort of people must be allowed to push about as they please . But it is a confounded nuisance ; it is really . The great army of art amateurs , connoisseurs , and the body who are regarded in the artistic world with far greater reverence — the noted picture buyers and dealers , have come and seen , and gone away again ; after having lavishly expended their approbation or disapprobation , and possibly in a less liberal degree , their cash . After the first week or so , the galleries begin to clear of gentlemen of the class in question ; even artists have got tired of coming to see their own pictures , particularly if they be not well hung ; and so the exhibition is generally handed over during the greater part of its duration to the languid far niente elegant crowd we have seen thronging its corridors . The grand day for the moneyed amateurs , who come to increase their collections , is , however , that of the private view . This generally occurs on a Saturday , and the public is admitted on the following Monday . Within an hour of the opening on the former day , the rooms are crowded with a multitude of notabilities . You see that you are in a special class of society , or rather , in two special classes — literary and artistic on the one hand ; wealthy and socially elevated on the other . The fact is evident in the general mutual acquaintanceship which prevails , principally within each respective circle , but by no means exclusively so . First , you are sure to observe a cluster of those peers and members of parliament who busy themselves most in social , literary , and artistic questions . Bishops , too , are regular private-view men ; capital judges , moreover , and liberal buyers ; and we seldom miss catching a glimpse of some dozen faces , whose proprietors are men standing at the very top of our historic , philosophic , and critical literature , and who move smilingly about , amid the keen but concealed inspection of the crowd , who pass their names in whispers from group to group . But the class of regular picture-buyers is quite sui generis . You may pitch upon your man in a moment . Ten to one , he is old , and has all the shrivelled , high-dried appearance of the most far-gone and confirmed bachelorism . Everything about him looks old and old-fashioned . His hair is thin and gray , and he shuffles along on a couple of poor old shanks , which will never look any stouter unless it be under the influence of a fit of the gout . He wears a white neckcloth , arranged with the celebrated wisp-tie — shoes a great deal too big for him — and to his keen , twinkling eyes he applies a pair of heavy horn or silver-set glasses . These old gentlemen appear to know each other as if by magic . They cluster in groups like corks in a basin of water , and then go hobbling eagerly along , peering closely into the more promising works , jerking their heads from side to side , so as to get the painting in as many lights as possible ; and full of talk — good critical talk — about the productions in course of inspection . True , there may be something in their observations speaking too much of the technical , and too little of the more ideal faculty . They are greater upon flesh-tints and pearly grays , middle distances and chiaroscuro , than upon conception , expression , or elevation or magnificence of sentiment . Nevertheless , they know thoroughly what appertains to a good picture . They give a work its place in a moment , and assign it to its author by internal evidence , with an unfailing accuracy , which speaks of long training and constant familiarity with all the main studios of London . Perhaps you observe one of our friends apparently fascinated before a particular canvas : he dances about , so as to get it in every angle of light . Then he shuffles off , and brings two other skilful old foggies , holding each by an arm ; and the three go through the former ceremony as to the lights , and then lay their heads together ; and then our original personage glides softly up to the table where the secretary 's clerk sits with pen and ink before him , and whispers . The clerk smiles affably — turns up a register : there are two or three confidential words interchanged ; and then he rises and sticks into the frame of the lucky picture a morsel of card , labelled ‘ Sold ; ’ and leaves the purchaser gloating over his acquisition . And where do these pictures go ? Frequently to some quiet , solemn old house in the West End , or to some grange or manor far down in the country . The picture-gallery is the nursery of that house — its pride and its boast . Year after year has the silent family of canvas been increasing and multiplying . Their proprietor is , as it were , their father . He has most likely no living ties , and all his thoughts and all his ambitions are clustered round that silent gallery , where the light comes streaming down from high and half-closed windows . The collection gradually acquires a name . Descriptions of it are found in guide-books and works upon art . Strangers come to see it with tickets , and a solemn housekeeper shews them up the silent stairs , and through the lonesome mansion to its sanctum sanctorum . At length , perhaps , the old man takes his last look at his pictures , and then shuts his eyes for ever . It may be , that within six weeks the laboriously collected paintings are in a Pall-Mall auction-room , with all the world bidding and buzzing round the pulpit ; or it may also chance that a paragraph goes the round of the papers , intimating that his celebrated and unrivalled collection of modern works of art has been bequeathed by the late Mr So-and-so to the nation — always on the condition , that it provides some fitting place for their preservation . The government receives bequests of this kind oftener than it complies with the stipulation . In the beginning of March , the first of the galleries opens its portals to the world . This is the British Institution , established at the west end of Pall-Mall , and now in existence for the better part of a half century . The idea of the establishment was to form a sort of nursing institution for the Royal Academy . Here artists of standing and reputation were to exhibit their sketches and less important works ; and here more juvenile aspirants were to try their wings before being subjected to the more severe ordeal of Trafalgar Square . The idea was good , and flourished apace ; so much so , that you not unfrequently find in the British Institution no small proportion of works of a calibre hardly below the average of the Great Exhibition ; while the A. R . A . ' s , and even the aristocratic R . A . ' s [ 1 ] themselves , do not by any means disdain to grace the humble walls of the three rooms in Pall-Mall . This year , the only picture of Sir Edwin Landseer 's exhibited — a wild Highland corry , with a startled herd of red deer — is to be found in the British Institution . But the merit of the works is wonderfully unequal . They are of all classes and all sizes , in water-colour and in oils . Clever sketches by clever unknowns , rest beside sprawling frescos by youths whose ambition is vaster than their genius ; and finished and accomplished works of art are set off by the foils of unnumbered pieces of unformed and not very promising mediocrity . Among them are the productions of many of the more humble painters of genre subjects — the class who delight in portraying homely cottage interiors , or troops of playing children , or bits of minutely-finished still life — or careful academical studies of groups with all the conventions duly observed : this class of pictures musters strong , and connoisseurs , without so much remarking their imperfections , carefully note their promise . A month after the opening of the British Institution , three galleries become patent on the same morning : the Old Water Colour , in Pall-Mall East , the New Water Colour , in Pall-Mall West , and a still more recently founded society , called , somewhat pompously , the National Institution of Fine Arts . These are mainly composed of dissenters from the other associations — gentlemen who conceive that they have been ill-treated by Hanging Committees , and a large class of juvenile but promising artists , who resort to the less crowded institutions in the hope of there meeting with better places for their works than in the older and more established bodies . The two water-colour galleries are both highly favoured exhibitions , and present works of an importance quite equal to those of the Academy itself . Water-colour painting is indeed a national branch of art in England . Neither French , Germans , nor Italians , can presume for a moment to cope with us in the matter of aquarelles . They have no notion of the power of the medium , of the strong and rich effects it is capable of producing , and the transparency of the tints which a great water-colour artist can lay on . Nearly twenty years ago , there was but one water-colour society ; but increasing numbers , and the usual artistic feuds , produced a partly natural , partly hostile , separation . The ladies and gentlemen who withdrew were mainly figure painters ; those who stayed were mainly landscape artists ; and thus it happens , that while in the new society you are principally attracted by historic and genre groups and , scenes , in the old you are fascinated by landscape and city pictures of the very highest order of art . The painters , too , you observe , are very industrious . The fact is , they can work more quickly in water than in oil . Copley Fielding will perhaps exhibit a score of landscapes , blazing with summer sunshine ; David Cox , half as many — stern and rugged in tone and style ; George Tripp will have painted his fresh river and meadow scenes by the dozen ; and the two brothers Callum will each have poured in old Gothic streets and squares , and ships in calm and storm , which catch your eye scores of times upon the walls . As in the other society , many of the finest ‘ bits ’ contributed by the water-colourists are not much above miniature size . The screens on which these gems are hung attract fully as much as the walls with their more ambitious freight ; and Jenkin 's rustic lasses , and Topham 's Irish groups , and Alfred Fripp 's dark-eyed Italian monks and Campagna peasants , are as much gazed at as Richardson 's sunny landscapes or Bentley 's breezy seas . Five minutes ’ walk takes us to the new society . No lack of landscape here ; but it is inferior to that in the rival institution , and its attractions are eclipsed by ambitious pictures of historic or fictitious interest ; the scene almost always laid in the picturesque streets or rooms of a medi æ val city , and the groups marvels of display in the matter of the painting of armour , arms , and the gorgeous velvets , minivers , and brocades of feudal grande tenue . See Mr Edward Corbould . He is sure to be as picturesque and chivalrous as possible . There is the very ring of the rough old times in his caracoling processions of ladies and knights , or his fierce scenes of hand-to-hand fight , with battered armour , and flashing weapons , and wounded men drooping from their steeds . Or he paints softer scenes — passages of silken dalliance and love ; ladies ’ bowers and courtly revels in alcoved gardens . Mr Haghe is equally medi æ val , but more sternly and gloomily so . He delights in sombre , old Flemish rooms , with dim lights streaming through narrow Gothic windows , upon huge chimney-pieces and panellings , incrusted with antique figures , carved in the black heart of oak — knights , and squires , and priests of old . Then he peoples these shadowy chambers with crowds of stern burghers , or grave ecclesiastics , or soldiers ‘ armed complete in mail ; ’ and so forms striking pieces of gloomy picturesqueness . Figure-paintings of a lighter calibre also abound . There is Mr John Absolon , who is in great request for painting figures in panoramic pictures ; Mr Lee , whose graceful rural maidens are not to be surpassed : Mr Warren , whose heart is ever in the East ; and Mr Mole , who loves the shielings of the Highland hills . Landscape , though on the whole subordinate to genre pictures , is very respectably represented ; and the lady-artists usually make a good show on the screens , particularly in the way of graceful single figures , and the prettinesses of flower and fruit painting . We can merely mention the Society of British Artists and the National Institution of Fine Art . Both are mainly composed of the natural overgrowth of artists who prefer a speedy and favourable opportunity for the display of their works in minor galleries , to waiting for years and years ere they can work themselves up to good positions on the walls of the Academy . Many of these gentlemen , however , exhibit both in the smaller and the greater collection ; but here and there an artist will be found obstinately confining his contributions to one pet establishment — possibly entertaining a notion that he has been deeply wronged by the Hanging Committee of another . Both of the exhibitions under notice are very various in merit ; but each generally contains some able works , and the specialties of one or two painters distinguished by notable peculiarities . Thus the president of the British Artists , Mr Hurlstone , has for several seasons confined himself to Spanish subjects ; Mr West paints Norwegian landscape ; Mr Pyne sends to this gallery only his very splendid lake-pictures ; and Mr Woolmer 's curious sketches , which seem compounded of the styles of Turner and Watteau , blaze almost exclusively upon the walls . The best men of the National Institution contribute also to the Royal Academy — as , for example , Mr Glass , with his capital groups of hunters or troopers , so full of life and movement ; and Mr Parker , with his smugglers and coast-boatmen . In this exhibition — and , indeed , in all the London exhibitions — a family , or rather a race or clan of artists , connected at once by blood and style , and rejoicing in the name of Williams , abound and flourish exceedingly . These Williamses are dreadful puzzlers to the students of the catalogue ; they positively swarm upon every page , and the bewildered reader is speedily lost in a perfect chaos of undistinguishable initials . Sometimes , indeed , the Williamses come forth under other appellations — they appear as Percies and Gilberts ; but the distinguishing mark is strong , and a moment 's inspection convinces the amateur that the landscape before him , attributed to Mr So-and-so , is the work of ‘ another of these everlasting Williamses . ’ But the first Saturday of May arrives , and with it many a rumour , true and false , of the state of matters within the Royal Academy — of the academicians who exhibit , and of what are to be ‘ the ’ pictures . From early morning , St Martin 's bells have been ringing , and a festival flag flies from the steeple ; no great pomp , to be sure , but it marks the occasion . About noon , the Queen 's party arrives , and Her Majesty is conducted about the rooms by the leading members of the Academy . Between one and two , she departs ; and immediately after , the crowd of ticket-holders for the private view cluster before the closed gratings . Punctually as the last stroke of the hour strikes , the portals are flung open , and a cataract of eager amateurs rush up the staircases , and make their way straight to the inner room , or room of honour , all in quest of the picture , to which the pas has been given , by its being hung upon the line in the centre of the eastern wall of the apartment . The salons fill as by magic ; in half an hour , you can hardly move through a crowd of dignitaries of all kinds — hereditary , social , literary , scientific , and artistic . Perhaps , indeed , there is no muster in London which collects a greater number of personages famous in every point of view . The ladies of the aristocracy swarm as at a drawing-room . The atmosphere is all one rustle of laces and silks ; and it is anything but easy to make one 's way among the bevies of clustered beauties who flock round their chaperone , all one flutter of ribbons , feathers , and flowers . And to the Academy , at all events , come all manner of political notabilities : you find a secretary of state by your elbow , and catch the muttered criticism of a prime-minister . Ordinary peers and members of parliament are thicker than blackberries . Bishops prevail as usual ; and apropos of ecclesiastical costumes , peculiar looped-up beavers and single-breasted greatcoats , the odds are , that you will be attracted by the portly figure and not very refined face of the Romish dignitary whose pretensions , a couple of years ago , set the country in a blaze . The muster of literary men is large and brilliant . Mr Hallam is most likely there as Professor of Ancient History to the Academy ; and Mr Macaulay as Professor of Ancient Literature . Sir George Staunton puts in an appearance as Secretary for Foreign Correspondence ; and blooming Sir Robert Harry Inglis , with the largest of roses at his button-hole , looks the most genial and good-humoured of ‘ antiquaries . ’ The Academicians — lucky Forty !— muster early . Happy fellows ! they have no qualms of doubt , or sick-agonies of expectation as they mount the broad flight of steps . They have been giving hints to the Hanging Committee , or they have been on the Hanging Committee themselves . Well they know that their works have been at least provided for — all on the line , or near it ; all in the best lights ; and all titivated and polished up and varnished on the walls , and adapted , as it were , to the situation . You may know an R. A. on the private view-day by the broad , expanding jollity of his visage , if he be a man of that stamp , or by a certain quiet , self-satisfied smile of self-complacence , if he be a man of another . But he looks and bears himself as a host . He cicerones delighted parties of lady-friends with his face all one smile of courtesy , or he does the honours with dignity and a lofty sense of — we do not speak disrespectfully — of being on his own dunghill , in respect to the more important exigeant connoisseurs , whom he thinks it right to patronise . He always praises his brethren 's works , and discovers in them hidden virtues . For the Associates , he has minor smiles and milder words . The ordinary mob of exhibiters he looks down upon with a calm and complacent gaze , as though from the summit of a Mont Blanc of superiority . At any bold defier of the conventions and traditions of the Academy drawing-school , he shakes his head . The pre-Raphaelite heresy was a sore affliction to him . He looked upon Millais and Hunt as a Low-church bishop would regard Newman and Pusey . He prophesied that they would come to no good . He called them ‘ silly boys ; ’ and he looks uneasily at the crowds who throng before this year 's picture of the Huguenot Couple — not recovering his self-complacency until his eye catches his own favourite work , when he feels himself gradually mollified , and smiles anew upon the world . Not so the nameless artist , whose work of many toiling days , and many sleepless nights , has been sent in unprotected to take its chance . He knows nothing of its fate until he can get a catalogue . It may be on the line in the east room ; it may be above the octagon-room door ; it may not be hung at all . Only the great artistic guns are invited to the private view , the rest must wait till Monday . Possibly a stray catalogue puts him so far out of his pain on Sunday . If not , he passes a feverish and unhappy time till the afternoon of Monday ; and then , first among the crowd , rushes franticly up stairs . We had an opportunity the other day of seeing the result of a case of the kind . The picture — a work of great fancy and high feeling , but deficient in manipulative skill — the artist , a poet in the true sense of the word , had spent months in dreaming and in joying over . He found it in the dingiest corner of the octagon-room . His lip quivered and his chest heaved . He pulled his hat further down on his face , and walked quickly and quietly out . We would gladly , indeed , see the octagon-room abolished . A picture is degraded , and an artist is insulted , by a painting being hung in this darksome and ‘ condemned cell . ’ The canvas gets a ‘ jail-bird ’ stamp , and its character is gone . In France , at the Palais-Royal , the young artists have a far better chance . After a stated time , the pictures , which , as the best have primarily had the best places , change stations with their inferiors ; so that everybody in turn enjoys the advantages of the brightest lights and the most favourable points of view . No need , of course , of attempting even the most summary sketch of the styles and ordinary subjects of the great painters who bear aloft the banner of the British school of art — of Landseer 's glimpses of the Highlands ; or Stanfield 's skyey , breezy landscapes ; of the quiet pieces of English rural scenery — meadows , and woodland glades , and river bits , fresh and rich , and green and natural — of our Lees , our Creswicks , our Coopers , our Witheringtons , our Redgraves , our Ausdills ; of the classic elegance and elevated sentiment of groups by our Dyces and our Eastlakes ; of the abundance of clever genre subjects — scenes from history or romance — poured in by our Wards , our Friths , our Pooles , our Elmores , our Eggs ; or of — last , not least — the strange but clever vagaries of that new school , the pre-Raphaelites , who are startling both Academy and public by the quaintness of their art-theories , and the vehement intensity of their style of execution . All the summer long , the world is free to go and gaze upon them . All the summer long , the salons are crowded from morning till night — in the earlier hours , by artists and conscientious amateurs , the humbler sort of folks , who have daily work to do ; in the later , by our old friends , the staring , insouciant , lounging , fashionable mob , whose carriages and Broughams go creeping lazily round and round Trafalgar Square . And at parties and balls , and all such reunions , the exhibition forms a main topic of discourse . Bashful gentlemen know it for a blessing . Often and often does it serve as a most creditable lever to break the ice with . The newspapers long resound with critical columns apropos of Trafalgar Square . You see ‘ sixth notice ’ attached to a formidable mass of print , and read on , or pass on , as you please . But you distinctly observe , at any rate , the social and conversational , as well as the artistic importance of the Royal Academy ; and you confess , that a London season would be shorn of its brightest feature if you shut the gates of the National Gallery . A . B. R . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] Associates Royal Academy , and Royal Academicians . BILL WILLIAMS : A STORY OF CALIFORNIA . It was in the first flush of the Californian fever , when moderate people talked of making one 's fortune in a fortnight , and the more sanguine believed that golden pokers would soon become rather common , that the Betsy Jones from London to New Zealand , with myself on board as a passenger , dropped anchor in the bay of San Francisco , and master and man turned out for the diggings . It is my impression that not a soul remained on board but the surgeon , who was sick , and the negro cook , who would n't leave him ; and the first man I met on the deck of the Go-Ahead steamer , which took as up to Sacramento , was our enterprising captain , clad in a canvas jacket and trousers , with the gold-washing apparatus , two shirts , and a tin kettle , slung at his back . The crew followed his example , and all the passengers . The latter were some thirty men , from every corner of Britain , and of various birth and breeding . There were industrious farm-servants and spendthrift sons of gentlemen among them . Some had sailed with money , to purchase land in the southern colony , some were provided only with their hopes and sinews ; but California was an irresistible temptation to them all , and by general desire , they had come to try their luck at the washing . We had mere boys and men of grizzling hair in our company . Two were married , but they wisely left their wives in San Francisco , where , having brought with them some spare blankets and crockery , the ladies improvised a boarding-house , and I believe realised more than their wandering lords . Nevertheless , we , one and all , went up the broad river with loftier expectations than the prudent among us cared to make public . There was one who made no secret of his hopes . The man 's name was Bill Williams . I had had a loose acquaintance with Bill from school-time , for we had been brought up in the same good town of Manchester , where his father was a respectable tradesman , and his three brothers were still in business . Many a town and many a trade had Bill tried to little purpose . Never doing what his relatives could call well , he had gone through a series of failures , which tired out both kinsmen and creditors , and at length shipped for New Zealand , leaving a wife and seven children to the care of the said three brothers , till he should see how the climate agreed with him , and find a home for them . Bill did not belong to the extended fraternity of scapegraces . He was neither wild nor worthless , in the ordinary sense of those terms , but there was a faith in him , the origin of which baffled his most penetrating friends , that he was to get money somehow without working for it by any of the common methods . Unlike many a professor of better principles , Bill had carried that faith into practice . Under its influence , he had engaged in every scheme for making fortunes with incredible rapidity which coffee-house acquaintances or advertising sheets brought to his knowledge . There was not a banking bubble by which he had not lost , nor a mining company of vast promise and brief existence in which he had not held shares . Uncompromisingly averse to the jog-trot work of ordinary mortals . Bill was neither indolent nor timid in his own peculiar fashion of seeking riches . He would have gone up in a balloon to any height , or down in a diving-bell to depths yet unsounded , had the promise been large enough ; and there was something so suitable to his inclinations in the Californian reports , that he was the prime mover of our visit to San Francisco , and the entire desertion of the ship . Strange to say , every man on board believed in Bill ; from the captain to the cabin-boy , they had all listened to his tales . Where he had learned such a number , fortune knows , concerning found treasures , and wealth suddenly obtained by unexpected and rather impracticable ways . That was the whole circle of Bill 's literature , and going over it appeared his chief joy ; but the gem of the collection was a prophecy which a gipsy woman , whom his mother met once in a country excursion , had uttered concerning himself — that he should find riches he never wrought for , and leave a great fortune behind him . In the faith of that prediction Bill had lived ; and it was a curious illustration of the sympathetic force inherent in a firm belief , that both passengers and seamen , even those who affected to laugh at the rest of what they called his wonderful yarns , entertained a secret conviction in favour of that tale , and felt secure of gold-gathering in Bill 's company . I am not certain that my own mind was entirely clear of a similar impression , but the two among us who contemned loudest and believed most devoutly , were the captain and his mate . They were brothers , and of Jewish parentage ; the rest of the family still hang about an old-clothes and dyeing establishment in the neighbourhood of Houndsditch . I made that discovery by an accidental glance at a torn and mislaid letter before we left the Thames , and thought proper to reserve it for private meditation . The relationship of the two was kept a profound secret , for reasons best known to themselves ; but to the eye at least it was revealed by their striking resemblance , both being small , spare , dingy-complexioned men , with keen , cunning eyes , and faces that looked as hard and sharp as steel . Ever since they first heard of the prophecy , they had half ridiculed , half flattered , and kept remarkably familiar with Bill . That familiarity rather increased as we went up the Sacramento . A goodly number we made on the deck of the Go-Ahead , our only place of accommodation ; and at length we reached the new town , the golden city , which takes its name from the river , christened in old times of Spanish voyaging by some discoverer for his Catholic majesty , and which was to be the metropolis of the diggings . When I first saw it , it consisted of some hundred huts and tents , a large frame-house , in which an advertising board informed us there was an ordinary , a gaming-table , and all manner of spirits ; and a timber wharf , somewhat temporarily put together , at which we landed . Yet the city was rising , as cities rise only in the western hemisphere : broad streets and squares were marked out ; building was going forward on all sides ; while bullock-wagons , canoes , and steamers , brought materials by land and water . The enterprise and vagrancy of all nations were there , as we had seen them at San Francisco ; and those not engaged in building the town , were going off in caravans to the gold-gathering . We fraternised with a company of Americans , who said they knew ‘ a bluff that flogged creation for the real metal , ’ and sold us two spare tents and a wagon , at a price marvellous to ask or pay . Our journey was not far . It led along the course of the Sacramento , and towards evening we came in sight of the diggings . A strange sight it was for one accustomed to London streets and shops . The Sacramento runs through a great inclined plane , sloping from the hill-country to the sea . Here and there , it is covered with low coppice or underwood ; but the greater part is bare and sandy , or sprinkled over with thin , dry waving grass . As far as the eye could reach upon the plain , and up the river-banks , the smoke of fires was rising from hut , tent , and upturned wagon , which served for temporary dwellings . Groups of men were hard at work in small trenches , and numbers more stood with pan and cradle , washing out the gold in the shallow creeks of the river . ‘ Our location , ’ as the Americans called it , was an earthy promontory jutting far out into the water . Close by its landward base we pitched our tents , turned up our wagon — the bullocks that brought it belonged to the Americans , who promised to sell us a share when they were killed — and commenced operations . Digging out tenacious clay , and washing its sandy particles for minute grains of gold , sleeping under canvas at night , and living on half-cooked and not very choice provisions , have little in them of interest worth relating . The first thing that struck me , was the silence that prevailed among the workers . In a district so populous , scarcely a sound was heard from tent , trench , or river . Caravan after caravan , as it arrived , pitched its tents , and fell to work in the same quiet fashion . A cynical character might have attributed this to the absence of all feminine faces , for in my time there was not a woman at the diggings . Incredible as it may seem to the fair ones themselves , they were not missed ; but nobody missed anything except gold . Relations parted ; old comrades left each other with scarcely a leave — taking in search of better gatherings ; our American friends began to get tired of the bluff that flogged creation ; for although we were getting gold , it was but little , and the more impatient spirits of our company departed with them to find another . I wondered that Bill did not join their company . He was long ago weary of gold-washing ; the work was too regular , and the returns far too slow for him . He used to declare that shopkeeping was better ; and it is probable that most of us had similar convictions regarding the vocations we had left in Britain ; but except occasionally cooking for the rest , smoking the tobacco he had providently brought with him , and suggesting wild projects of digging down the bluff , and dredging the river for lamps of gold , which , he said , all the grains we found came off , Bill at last did nothing at all . With hard labour and harder fare , we had collected some of us more and some less of the precious dust ; but nobody 's fortune was yet made , and the rainy season set in . The heavy rains confined us for days to the shelter of tent and wagon ; but the days were nothing to the nights , which on the banks of the Sacramento are almost equinoctial throughout the year ; and we had neither coal nor candle . All the fuel that could be found was rather too little for culinary purposes . Concerning the rest of our comforts , there is no use in being particular ; but at intervals between the drowning showers , we were willing enough to come out and work , though the muddy soil and the swollen river made our labour still harder , and our profits less . The best service was done us by an honest Paisley weaver , who had left his helpmate and two children at San Francisco , in hopes of taking back , quite full , a strong chest , of some two hundredweight capacity , which he had brought with infinite pains to the diggings . He enlivened our wet leisure by repeating whole volumes of Burns and Scott . Bill also returned to his wonderful stories , though the captain and mate sneered at them more than ever ; indeed , they were by far the most discontented of the company , and an unaccountable sort of distrust seemed growing between them and Bill . At length , fever and ague began to thin the ranks of the gold-seekers ; we saw the working-parties around us diminish day by day , and graves dug in the shadows of the low coppice . Our company kept lip amazingly , perhaps because , according to the captain 's counsel , we held but little communication with other workers ; but the want of the buffalo-meat , which the Indian traders were accustomed to bring , was much felt among us ; and one day less rainy than usual , Bill Williams , as the idlest , was sent up the river 's bank , on their wonted track , to look out for their coming . The rest were busy , and did not miss him ; but I thought he stayed long . The sky became unusually dark ; great clouds floated over us from the west , and then broke with a sudden thunder-crash , which was renewed every five minutes with such rain and lightning as I had never seen . We ran to our tents , and , when fairly sheltered , Bill also arrived , wet to the skin , out of breath , and looking terribly frightened . He said , hastily , that he had seen nothing , and no word of the Indians ; but the poor fellow began to shiver as he spoke , and before evening the fever was strong upon him . To keep the rest safe , he was quartered alone in a small hut which the Americans had left us . It was a poor shelter , being built of turf , and roofed with boughs and grass , but as good as any we had . There was no surgeon among us , and handing him food or drink was deemed a perilous business ; but all his comrades had a sort of a liking for Bill , and , besides , he was regarded as the palladium of the party . The fever was not violent , though Bill raved at times , and all his wanderings were after gold . I have heard him talk for half-hours together in a loud whisper , as if communicating a secret to some very dull car , concerning a pool among rocks , with glistening sands , and something shining far down in a crevice . He was restless , too , and kept looking out on the track of the Indians after they had come and gone . One evening I observed him particularly so . The night fell with heavy rain ; we all took early to shelter , and slept so soundly , that Bill was forgotten among us ; but in the morning we found him lying wrapped in his blanket , as thoroughly wet as if he had been dipped in the river , while the hut remained quite dry . Where he had been , or under what illusion of the fever , we could not learn , for he never spoke a rational word after . The wet and exposure increased his malady tenfold . He became fiercely delirious , and struck at whoever approached him , swearing he would let nobody kill him for his gold . The captain warned us all , that this was the most dangerous time for infection ; but I saw that he and his brother had got wind of something , for their eyes were never off the hut . Towards the second evening , Bill grew worse , his ravings became faint and low , and he lay gathered up on a corner of his mattress . I had placed a pitcher of water as near him as possible , escaping by chance a blow which the poor soul struck at me in his feverish fury ; but I could not help thinking of him when we had all gone to rest . The night was so still , that I could hear the rush of the river and the cries of the night-hawks on its opposite bank ; but being unable to sleep , I crept out of the tent , and looked to Bill 's hut . A smothered sound of scuffling came from that direction , and stepping nearer , I saw by the rising moon , which just then shone with extraordinary brightness , two men struggling , as it seemed for life , in the narrow space between Bill 's bed and the door . ‘ If you do n't give me the full half , I 'll tell them all , ’ said the voice of the captain 's brother ; but almost as he spoke , his antagonist threw him heavily back . I knew it was upon poor Williams , for a low moan reached my ear , and I sprang forward just in time to intercept the victor , who stumbled over me as he rushed out , and a heavy bag rolled from him . The next moment the other was at my side , and I stood face to face with the captain and his brother in the broad moonlight . The bag for which they had sneaked , and sinned , and scuffled , had burst by the fall , and its contents — stones , gravel , and sand , with some small sparkles of gold-dust amongst them — were scattered at my feet . Both stood stupefied , and I stepped into the hut ; but Bill was dead , and growing cold , with his stiff hands stretched out , as if clutching at something , and a wild expression of pain and anger in the ghastly face , which lay turned up to the moon . Her light filled the hut , and lay upon plain , and tent , and river . It was a glorious night , such as sometimes shines in the gold-country . I woke up my comrades , and told them what I had seen , but they all said : ‘ Poor Bill ! How could they help it ? and it was a good thing that the captain and his chum had been disappointed ; ’ upon which every man composed himself again to sleep . Next morning , the captain and mate were gone with all their traps , having joined , as we afterwards heard , a company returning to San Francisco . We laid Bill beside the gold-seekers who rested in the coppice , and our company broke up , and scattered away : some settled at San Francisco ; some went to the United States ; and I , having collected through so many hardships almost a pound of dust , returned to the employment I had left in London with such high contempt . From an old comrade , however , still located at the diggings , I heard by letter that a party of Americans had made a great discovery of gold among some rocks in a creek of the Sacramento , and that they had found , sticking fast in a crevice close by , a small spade marked with the name of Bill Williams , which the poor fellow had cut on the handle , as I well remembered , in one of his many idle hours . This explained to me Bill 's long absence when he went to look for the Indians , his after-anxiety , and where he had been in the delirium of the fever , filling up that canvas bag which so fatally deceived the captain and his brother . The last I heard of these worthies was , that they had gone to the diggings in Australia ; and I never see gold in any shape without a recollection of their disappointment , and my own experiences in California . HYGIENIC CHANGE OF AIR . The age of hygiene is rapidly approaching , when the exhibition of drugs will be the exception instead of the rule in medical treatment . For this reason , the effect of climate on disease is rising into a subject of first-rate importance , and , no longer a prejudice or a tradition , submits to the investigations of science . The chief recent writers on what we already presume to call climatology , are Sir James Clark in England , Schouw in Sweden , and Carri è re in France ; and now there comes Dr Burgess , armed with the united authority of these physicians , and with his own experience , to indoctrinate the public as well as the profession . His book is of moderate size and price , and we recommend it to all invalids , whether they are able to travel abroad , or are confined by circumstances to their own country ; but in the meantime , as the subject is both new and interesting to general readers , we propose giving them an inkling of what it contains . [ 2 ] We do not mean that the subject of climate is new in itself : it is only new in its treatment . We have all , from our earliest youth , heard of the effects of climate ; we have all been brought up to believe in certain foreign places ; and we have all observed that when — consumption , for instance — approaches its last stage ( rarely before ) , it is shipped off , as a matter of course , for Italy or the south of France . And , alas ! we have all heard from the wan lips of the stricken one excluded by poverty from the privilege of foreign travel : ‘ If I could but get to a warm climate , I should live ! ’ Such notions , right or wrong , depended exclusively upon habit or prejudice . Experience had no effect upon them , any more than it had upon the orthodox course of medicines which entitled the death of a patient to be considered professionally legitimate . Sometimes , indeed , the venue was changed , and one place became more fashionable than another to die in . Here the group of English tombs grew gray and ancient , and there a new city of the silent sprang up with the suddenness of an American emporium . But still the cry was : ‘ A warm climate ! Give us Italy , or we perish ! ’ But we need not say the cry was : it continues to this moment . Such impressions are long of being dispelled ; it takes a great many years for the voice of doubt even to reach completely the public ear ; and we think it a privilege to be able to take such advantage of our wide circulation as will give repining invalids to understand , that the advantages of a foreign climate are closely limited by one portion of the profession , and considered by another portion as highly problematical , if not entirely visionary . This applies , however , mainly to consumption ; for the advantages of the climatic change are seldom denied in dyspepsy , rheumatism , scrofula , and the tribe of nervous diseases . Even in these , however , the locality chosen is rarely a proper one . There are countries which , if they could only obtain the stamp of fashion , would be invaluable to the invalid . ‘ The climate of Norway , for example , ’ says Dr Burgess , ‘ is admirably suited , during several months of the year , between the middle of May and the middle of September , for certain forms of dyspepsy , lesions of the nervous system affecting the mind , or that form of general innervation which results from an overwrought brain , and diseases of repletion . But Norway is little frequented , because it is not fashionable , although it would be difficult to point out a more appropriate occasional residence for the numerous class of invalids just mentioned , than Christiania , with its picturesque environs , sublime scenery , and clear and rarefied atmosphere . ’ The non-professional predilection in favour of a warm climate for consumption , may be referred , we suspect , to the analogy that exists between the earlier stages of that disease and those of a common cold . In fact , in most cases in this country , consumption is for a long time styled a cold ; then it becomes a bad cold ; then a worse ; till it is impossible to withhold from it the more formidable name . A cold , however , it should be considered , occurs as frequently in summer as in winter ; and in neither is it owing to the temperature , whether high or low , but to the atmospheric changes . The warmer the weather is , the greater will be the morbific effect of a cold draught of air . That a warm climate in itself is neither prevention nor cure in consumption , may be inferred from the prevalence of the complaint in all latitudes . In India and in Africa it is as rife as in any part of Europe . By the Army Reports from Malta , we find that upwards of 30 per cent . of the whole number of deaths throughout the year is caused by phthisis . In Madeira , according to Dr Heineken , Dr Gourlay , and Dr Mason , no disease is more common among the natives than pulmonary consumption . At Nice , it is stated by Dr Meryon , more natives die annually of consumption than in any town in England of the same amount of population . In Genoa , one of the most prevalent and fatal of the indigenous diseases is pulmonary consumption . In Florence , pneumonia is marked by a suffocating character , and rapid progress towards its last stage . In Naples , 1 death from consumption occurs in a mortality of 2-1 / 3 ; while in the hospitals of Paris , where phthisis is notoriously prevalent , the proportion is only 1 in 3-1 / 4 . In short , in all the celebrated sanatoria to which we fly for relief , we find the disease as firmly established as at home . If we examine the analogies presented by the history of the inferior animals , we find no argument in favour of a foreign climate . The fishes , birds , and wild beasts of one region , die in another . ‘ Man , although endowed in a remarkable degree , and more so than any other animal , with the faculty of enduring such unnatural transitions , nevertheless becomes sensible of their injurious results . For familiar illustrations of this influence , we have only to look to the broken-down constitutions of our Indian officers , or to the emaciated frame of the shivering Hindoo who sweeps the crossings of the streets of London . The child of the European , although born in India , must be sent home in early life to the climate of his ancestors , or to one closely resembling it , in order to escape incurable disease , if not premature death . Again , the offspring of Asiatics born in this country pine and dwindle into one or other of the twin cachexi æ— scrofula and consumption ; and , if the individual survives , lives in a state of passive existence , stunted in growth , and incapable of enduring fatigue . If such extreme changes of climate prove obnoxious to the health of individuals having naturally a sound constitution , how are we to expect persons in a state of organic disease to be thereby benefited ? In fact , view the subject in whatever light we may , we must eventually arrive at the natural and rational conclusion — that nature has adapted the constitution of man to the climate of his ancestors . The accident of birth does not constitute the title to any given climate . The natural climate of man is that in which not only he himself was born , but likewise his blood-relations for several generations . This is his natural climate , as well in health as when his constitution is broken down by positive disease , or unhinged by long-continued neglect of the common rules of hygiene . ’ It is Dr Burgess 's theory , therefore , that when change is necessary , a modification of the patient 's own climate — that is to say , change of air in the same climate — is more in accordance with the laws of nature , and more likely to effect good , than a violent transition to warmer countries . With regard to the curability of this disease , there is now , we believe , no doubt of the fact , although , unfortunately the process has not yet come completely into the hands of the physician . That a cure has frequently taken place , somehow or other , even in advanced stages of pulmonary consumption , has been demonstrated by post-mortem examinations ; but nature herself seems , in these cases , to have been her own doctor , for no mode of treatment of general applicability has been discovered . Some think that the progress of tubercles may be arrested in the first stage — others , that nothing can be effected till the second . Some resort to the water-cure — others , to the still more marvellous Spanish baths of Panticosa ; and others , again , swear by cod-liver oil . As to the last remedy , our author quotes the statements of Dr Williams , ‘ that the pure fresh oil from the liver of the cod is more beneficial in the treatment of pulmonary consumption than any agent , medicinal , dietetic , or regimenal , that has yet been employed . Out of 234 cases carefully recorded , the oil disagreed , and was discontinued , in only 9 instances . In 19 , although taken , it appeared to do no good ; whilst in the larger proportion of 206 out of 234 , its use was followed by marked and unequivocal improvement — this improvement varying in degree in different cases , from a temporary retardation of the progress of the disease , and a mitigation of distressing symptoms , up to a more or less complete restoration to apparent health . The most numerous examples of decided and lasting improvement , amounting to nearly 100 , have occurred in patients in the second stage of the disease , in which the tuberculous deposits begin to undergo the process of softening . The most striking instance of the beneficial operation of cod-liver oil in phthisis , is to be found in cases in the third stage — even those far advanced , where consumption has not only excavated the lungs , but is rapidly wasting the whole body with copious purulent expectoration , hectic , night-sweats , colliquative diarrhoea , and other elements of that destructive process by which , in a few weeks , the finest and fairest of the human family may be sunk to the grave . The power of staying the demon of destruction sometimes displayed by the cod-liver oil is marvellous . ’ Dr Burgess , however , although witnessing the same results even in far-gone cases , limits their duration to a year or eighteen months , after which the medicine lost its effect . Although the oil , therefore , is serviceable through the process of nutrition , he considers it no specific , and concludes on the subject thus : ‘ All that our present knowledge enables us to state positively on the subject is this : cod-liver oil is the most effectual stay to the progress of consumption , in a great majority of cases , that we possess ; this salutary action is not always lasting , and there are cases in which its administration cannot be borne , and others in which it produces no good effects whatever . In those cases in which the stomach rejects the pure oil , if it be given in combination with phosphoric acid , it will generally be borne easily , and the acid will assist the tonic action of the oil . ’ The non-professional notion respecting the curative powers of climate is , that by breathing a mild and soothing atmosphere , the phthisical patient withdraws irritation , and leaves nature at liberty to effect her own cure . But this , it seems , is entirely erroneous , inasmuch as it is through the skin , not the lungs , that a warm climate acts beneficially . When an atmospheric change takes place so as to produce a chill , ‘ whereby the cutaneous transpiration is instantly checked , the skin then becomes dry and hard , so that the respiratory organs suffer from the excessive action they now undergo , for the matter of transpiration must be eliminated through the lungs if the action of the skin be interrupted . ’ This is illustrated by the instantaneous relief usually afforded by free perspiration in cases where difficult breathing and oppression of the chest have been occasioned by artificial heat . What really soothes , therefore , is equability of climate , not high temperature . Some authors even think that a cold climate is more suitable for consumption than a warm one , and point to Upper Canada , with its pure , dry , tonic atmosphere , affording hardly any trace of the complaint at all . Here we might stop , as the nature of our work precludes our following Dr Burgess in his exposition of the action of climate on the lungs and skin ; but it may be useful , and at any rate amusing , to trace his iconoclastic progress through the popular shrines of Hygiea on the continent . Malta is a famous resort for phthisical patients , although during the winter and spring the weather is cold and variable , and in autumn the sirocco is frequent . When a sirocco has blown for some days , it lulls suddenly , and is succeeded by an equally strong breeze from the north-west , contrasting violently with the former in temperature and everything else . The extremes of heat and cold are as great here and in other places in the Mediterranean as in London . In Malta , our author saw five or six cases of bronchitis , which in a single month terminated in incurable phthisis ; and in two cases , six weeks only elapsed between the first signs of the tuberculous deposit and the death of the patients . Madeira , a still more popular sanatorium for this disease , is a complete delusion . Instead of the climate being essentially dry , it is saturated with humidity during a great part of the year ; and the peculiar sirocco of the place is of a hot , dry , irritating nature . An intelligent medical author , who had resorted to Madeira for change of air , remarks , that ‘ very frequent and remarkable variations in a given series of years , incontestably prove that Madeira is no more to be relied on than any other place for certainty of fine weather , and that it has equally its annual variations of temperature .... From what has been stated by writers , a person might be led to believe that disease was scarcely known there ; but I am afraid , that were the subject thoroughly investigated , as it ought to be , few places would be found where the system is more liable to general disorder ; while , at the same time , I suspect that the average duration of life would turn out to be inferior to that of our own country . ’ Our author knows no place more unfavourable to patients suffering from organic diseases of the lungs , than the far-famed sanatoria — Aix and Montpellier . The atmosphere is pure , but ever and anon keen and piercing , and the bise and marin — one cold and cutting , and the other damp — irritate the lungs , and excite coughing . Add to this , that Provence is proverbially the land of dust , and , what is worse , the land of the mistral — a wind from the north-west , which carries stones , men , and carriages before it . ‘ For several days in spring the climate may no doubt be delicious , although , however , always too warm about mid-day , when suddenly the mistral , of evil celebrity , begins to blow . It is difficult to give an adequate idea of the change , or of the injurious effects of the climate under the influence of this scourge . The same sun shines in the same bright blue sky , but the temperature is glacial . The sun is there only to glare and dazzle , and seems to have no more power in producing warmth , than a rushlight against the boisterous winds , which chill the very marrow in one 's bones . During the prevalence of this wind , it is impossible to stir out of doors without getting the mouth and nostrils filled with dust . All nature seems shrivelled and dried up under its baneful influence . ’ Nice , likewise , is scourged by the mistral , which there , however , divides its empire with winds from the north and north-east . ‘ But one of the greatest vices characterising the climate of Nice , if not the greatest , is the remarkable variation of temperature noticed between day and night — in the sun and in the shade . The land or continental winds prevail during the night ; the southerly or maritime during the day . The former are cold and dry ; the latter , soft and humid . As soon , therefore , as the former subside , and the sun rises in the horizon , the humidity commences to shew itself in the atmosphere ; whilst , on the contrary , when the diurnal winds cease , and the sun sets , the above hygrometric condition of the air disappears . ’ M. Carri è re cannot conceive why our countrymen prefer Nice to a milder climate , and considers that the annual mortality in the English colony ought to discourage other hectic invalids from going thither . Central Lombardy is , in general , characterised by marshy swamps poisoning the whole atmosphere with their miasmatic exhalations . The meteoric influences are decidedly cold and variable ; and the ‘ extremes of temperature increase in proportion as we approach the valleys at the foot of the Central Alps , especially those most distant from the Adriatic coast . ’ This climate , our author tells us , cannot afford more benefit to the consumptive than that of the fens of Lincolnshire , or of the marshes of Holland . Brescia , Pavia , Mantua , and other Lombard towns , also share in this character ; and at Verona , Mr B. Honan writes , that of all humbugs , the humbug of an Italian climate is the most intolerable . At Genoa , although the air is pure and transparent in fine weather , it is liable to sudden gusts of wind and violent transitions dangerous to the invalid . ‘ In no part of England could a climate be found more unfavourable for consumptive invalids than that of Florence , a town built in a deep ravine , almost surrounded by the Apennines , and intersected by a squalid river .... Extreme cold in winter , great heat in summer , the prevalence of the northerly winds , the chilling effects of which are not always neutralised by the antagonistic winds , rapid and violent transitions , profoundly affecting the system , even in healthy persons ; and combined with these violent atmospheric and thermal variations are also , in similar proportions , hygrometric and electric ever-changing influences . ’ Leghorn , the seaport of Tuscany , is built in a sunk locality , in the midst of a marshy country . Beggars , galley-slaves , assassins , smugglers , these are the picturesque portions of the inhabitants ; and the promenade is an arid beach , anything but soothing to the respiratory organs . The English cemetery is a touching spectacle , with its numerous monuments of brilliant marble ; among which stands conspicuous the tomb of Smollett . Of Pisa , the grand central dep ô t of Italy for foreign consumptive patients , Dr Burgess says : ‘ The excess of humidity and warm temperature of the Pisan climate depress the vital force , induce an overwhelming lassitude , and are , in my opinion , most unfavourable elements in a climate so generally recommended for pulmonary consumption . Whatever effect the humid mildness of the air may have in diminishing excitability , and in allaying pulmonary irritation in patients of a nervous temperament , it is decidedly injurious in those of a feeble and lymphatic habit .... The delusion of an Italian climate , as regards the cure or prophylaxis of tubercular consumption , is in no part of that country , so delightful to persons in sound health , more clearly portrayed than at far-famed Pisa . The stagnant life , the death-like silence , the dreary solitude of this dull town , whatever utility these elements may have in allaying the restless irritability of nervous and excitable patients , always produce serious evils upon those consumptive invalids of a melancholy turn of mind , or whose spirit is broken by hope deferred . Brooding over their melancholy condition , in a foreign land , away from the comforts of home , without the solace and cheering influence of friends and relations , they soon break down and perish . ’ M. Carri è re and Sir James Clark consider the climate of Rome adapted only for consumptive patients in the first stage of the complaint ; but Dr Burgess , after a train of reasoning founded on scientific facts , comes to a conclusion consonant with his own theory , that it is not adapted for consumption in any stage or form whatever . It is needless to follow our author to Naples , for this place is admitted by all writers to be injurious in cases of pulmonary consumption ; but we may conclude this fragmentary survey by stating that , according to Dr Burgess , the least injurious portions of Italy are the Lake of Como and the city of Venice , the air in neither of them being warm , but in both equable . Here we end as we began : ‘ It is a mistake to suppose that a warm , humid , relaxing atmosphere can benefit pulmonary disease . Cold , dry , and still air , appears a more rational indication , especially for invalids born in temperate regions . ’ It will be seen that our author differs occasionally from both his great predecessors , Sir James Clark and M. Carri è re ; but even in so doing , he has at least the merit of fairly opening out a most important subject . Let it be understood , that we have merely mentioned the nature of the contents of this volume , without attempting to follow Dr Burgess either in his reasonings or in the facts on which these are founded . We have now only to recommend the work as one that will be found highly interesting and suggestive , both by the medical and non-medical reader . [ 3 ] FOOTNOTES : [ 2 ] Climate of Italy in Relation to Pulmonary Consumption : with Remarks on the Influence of Foreign Climates upon Invalids . By T. H. Burgess , M. D ., & c. London : Longman , Brown , Green , & Longmans . 1852 . [ 3 ] We print the above as we received it from a respectable contributor , but without giving any opinion ourselves upon a subject of which we are not qualified to judge .— Ed . C. J . THE DEVICE , OR IMPRESS . If the various works of useful and ornamental art discovered in the sepulchres of nations long since fallen into oblivion , were of no other value , at the present day , than merely to be applied to the purposes which they were originally intended to subserve ; if they did not elucidate the manners , customs , and progressional refinement of men with passions and feelings similar to our own ; the labour and expense incurred by their exhumation would be thrown away . It is not , then , for the intrinsic value of the specimens to be produced , neither is it for any very particular admiration of the ‘ good old times , ’ but to exhibit and illustrate a very general and exceedingly active phase of our ancestors ’ minds , that , turning over the refuse materials of history , we proceed to disinter , from their worm-eaten pages , the dead and almost forgotten art of Device — an art that once claimed an extensive literature , and canons of criticism , peculiarly its own . From about 250 to 400 years ago , were the high and palmy days of this ‘ dainty art . ’ Then , the learned and subtile schoolmen of the age did not disdain to write upon it , with ink scarcely dry upon the pens with which they had been discussing the most abstruse dogmas of theology ; then , not unfrequently , the cureless curate , by the concoction of a happy device for a generous patron , found himself a beneficed bishop . Nor is such preferment to be wondered at . The qualifications considered necessary to constitute a device-maker , were fully equal to those which Imlac described to Rasselas as requisite to form a poet . ‘ Philosophy and poetry , ’ wrote P è re le Moyne , ‘ history and fable , all that is taught in colleges , all that is learned in the world , are condensed and epitomised in this great pursuit ; in short , if there be an art which requires an all-accomplished workman , that art is device-making . ’ Ruscelli says : ‘ It belongs only to the most exquisite wits and best-refined judgments to undertake the making of devices . ’ Yet , though the learned doctors of Padua , Wirtemberg , and the Sorbonne , engaged in deep disquisitions on the emblematical properties , natural and mythical , of cranes and crescents , sunflowers and salamanders , pelicans and porcupines — the length and language of mottoes — how the wind should be pictorially portrayed , with many other equally weighty considerations , still the chivalrous knights of the tournay , and the fair ladies of their devoirs , attained proficiency in the art . Wolf of Wolfrath , the lute-player , records , that at a grand tournament held at Vienna in 1560 , crowns of laurel were awarded to the knights who wore the wittiest devices , as well as to those who excelled in feats of arms . ‘ But , ’ the reader very probably exclaims , ‘ what was this art of device ? ’ It consisted in translating an idea into a symbol , and illustrating that symbol by a tersely-expressed motto . ‘ The object of a device , ’ according to the Lord of Fossez , ‘ was to express covertly , by means of a picture and words , a conception of human wit ; ’ and it was distinguished from an emblem , inasmuch as the emblem demonstrated something universal , whereas the device was peculiarly appropriate to the person who wore it . The old writers glory in its antiquity , citing many instances of its having been known and used by both Greeks and Romans . Even during the dark ages it was not entirely lost ; it merely slumbered until the renaissance , and the invasions of Italy under Charles VIII . and Louis XII ., when it awoke to a vigorous existence . Thus , though of much greater antiquity than heraldic blazonry , which only dates from the time of the Crusades , it was not hereditary , could be adopted or changed at pleasure , and did not define the rank of the wearer . Shakspeare , who well understood the nature of the device , distinguishes between it and armorial bearings in the passage where Bolingbroke recounts his injuries : ‘ Disparked my parks , and felled my forest woods ; From my own windows torn my household coat , [ 4 ] Razed out my impress ’ —— The old heralds , however , looked upon the device with but little favour . Camden sneeringly says , that ‘ Armes were most usual among the nobility in wars till about some hundred years since , when the French and Italians , in the expedition of Naples , beganne to leave armes , haply for that many of them had none , and to bear the curtaines of their mistresses ’ beddes , their mistresses ’ colours , as impresses in their banners , shields , and caparisons . ’ Daniel , one of our earliest English writers on the subject , is worth quoting for a definition of the impress , and to shew the exclusive spirit of the age . He says : ‘ Impresa , used of the Italians for an enterprise taken in hand , with a firm and constant intent to bring the same to effect . As if a prince or captaine taking in hand some enterprise of war , or any other perticulaire affaire , desirous by some figure and motto to manifest to the world his intent , this figure and motto together is called an impress , made to signify an enterprise , whereat a noble mind levelling with the aime of a deep desire , strives with a steely intent to game the prize of his purpose . For the valiant and hautie gentlemen , disdayning to conjoine with the vile and base plebeians in any rustique invention , have procured to themselves this one most singulare . ’ Paul Jovius , a celebrated Italian historian and bishop , in his treatise on devices , says , that the figure or emblem , which he terms the body of the device , must be exactly fitted to the motto , which he terms its soul ; and though it should not be so obscure as to require a sibyl to explain it , yet the motto ought to be in a foreign or dead language , so that it may not be comprehended by the vulgar — ‘ such dainties not being intended for vulgar appetites . ’ The human figure , also , should never be introduced into the emblem , and the motto ought not to contain more than three or four words . These rules , however , were not strictly adhered to , even by Jovius himself . The treatise is written in the form of a dialogue between the bishop and his secretary ; its gossipping manner , quaint style , and the great importance attributed to the subject-matter , remind us exceedingly of the Complete Angler of our old English friend Izaak Walton . As an example of a perfect device , Jovius mentions one worn in the Italian wars by Antonio Colonna , the friend of Michael Angelo . It represented a branch of palm laid across a branch of cypress , with the motto , Erit altera merces ( There will be another reward .) Another , highly praised by the old device-writers ‘ for being of subtle invention , and singular in outward view , ’ was assumed by a Spanish knight , Don Diego Mendoza , to signify the slight encouragement he received from the fair lady who was mistress of his affections . It represented a well , with a circular machine for raising water , full buckets ascending and empty ones going down , the motto , Los llenos de dolor , y los vazios de esperanza ( The full one is grief ; the empty , hope .) By the way , we find a similar figure in Richard II ., where the unfortunate monarch says : ‘ Now is this golden crown like a deep well , That owns two buckets , filling one another — The emptier ever dancing in the air , The other down , unseen , and full of water : That bucket down and full of tears am I , Drinking my grief while you mount up on high . ’ Jovius also warmly commends a device worn by Edward Stuart , Lord of Albany , a famous captain of tried valour in the French army , during their Italian campaigns . Of the blood-royal of Scotland , being cousin to James IV ., he wore , as his arms , a lion rampant in a field argent ; and as his device , a buckle , with the motto , Distantia jungit ; ‘ thereby implying that he was the bond which held united the kings of France and Scotland , to countervail the forces of their natural enemy , the king of England . ’ A quaint bit of romance , in connection with a lady 's device , is perhaps worthy of notice . Hippolita Fioramonda excelled all the ladies of her day in beauty and courtesy , and wore , as her device , moths , embroidered in gold , on a sky-blue robe — a warning to the amorous not to approach too closely the light of her beauty , lest , like moths attracted by a lamp , they should be burned . There being no motto , one of her admirers , the Lord of Lesui , a brave knight , famous for his horsemanship , asked her for an explanation of such a singular and imperfect device . She replied : ‘ It is to use the like courtesy to gentlemen who call to see me , as you do to those who ride in your company ; you being accustomed to put on the tail of your horse a small rattle , to make him more fierce in kicking , so as to warn any who may approach you of the danger of his heels , thereby causing them to keep aloof . ’ Notwithstanding this repulse , the knight persevered , though unsuccessfully , in his suit , until he fell mortally wounded at the battle of Pavia . Then the lady Fioramonda relenting , had him sought for on the sanguinary field , and carried to her own house , where , to his great contentment , he died in her arms . Such imperfect devices , however , were considered unworthy of the name , unfit for men of gravity , and suited but to make sport with ladies . Of this description was that of Augustine Porco , a gentleman of Verona , who , being in love with a lady named Bianca , wore in his scarlet cap a small , real , white wax-candle , and perseveringly followed the lady to every place of public resort she visited . To the inquiries of his friends respecting this extraordinary device , he merely replied , that it signified Candela bianca ( A white candle ) , and , consequently , doubts were entertained of the eccentric gallant 's sanity . At last , though love is proverbially blind , the lady — probably she had a prompter — discovered that the true meaning was Can de la Bianca ( The dog of Bianca ) , and with her hand rewarded the ingenuity and perseverance of Signor Porco . Through devices we obtain glimpses at the morals , as well as the manners , of a foreign people and a bygone age . The amorous devices of many ecclesiastical dignitaries afford a capital reason for the rule , that the motto should not be comprehensible ‘ by the vulgar . ’ That of Cardinal Medici , who loved the lady Julian Gonzago , was a comet surrounded by stars , the motto , Micat inter omnes ( It shines among them all ) , from the lines of Horace : Micat inter omnes Julium sidus Velut inter ignes luna minores . The allusion to the star of Julius in connection with the lady 's name renders this device , in our opinion , rather neat and classical . A still more startling sign of the times is exhibited by the device-loving bishop . He relates that one Mattei , a man of noble courage , when waiting with dissimulation and patience an opportunity to murder a person by whom he had been insulted , applied to him ( Jovius ) for an appropriate device ; and the bishop , ‘ wishing to shew that a noble mind has power to digest , with time , every grievous injury , ’ designed an ostrich devouring a nail , with the motto , Spiritus durissima conquit . Mattei wore the device , and ultimately succeeded in assassinating his victim ; and ‘ so much was this noble revenge commended , ’ that the pope promoted the ruffian to be captain of his guard — the family of the murdered man signing an agreement to cancel all future quarrels . Great care was requisite , when framing a device , lest any part of it could be turned into ridicule by a witty or spiteful enemy . Charles the Bold , Duke of Burgundy , bore a flint and steel , with the motto , Ante ferit quam flamma micet ( As he strikes , the fire flashes ) ; and when defeated , and slain at the battle of Nancy , the day being cold , with snow on the ground , his triumphant enemy , the Duke of Loreno , said : ‘ This poor man , though he has great need to warm himself , has not leisure to use his tinder-box . ’ However puerile the ‘ art ’ may appear to us now , there can be little doubt , that the construction of devices , as an incentive to the acquisition of general knowledge , and as a kind of mental training , was not altogether useless in its day , and formed a link , were it ever so slender , in the development of the human mind . Estienne , a noted French device-author , observes , that ‘ to express the conceptions of our own mind in the most perfect device , there is nothing so proper , so gentile , so powerful , or so witty , as the similitudes we discover when walking in the spacious fields of Nature 's wonderful secrets ; for the grace of a device , as well as the skill of him who makes it , consists in discovering the correspondence of natural qualities and artificial uses with our own thoughts and intentions . ’ The old scholastic logic was freely employed in the arguments by which the device-authors advanced their own opinions , or attacked those of their contemporaries . Ammirato condemns the unphilosophical definition of Jovius — that the emblem is the body , and the motto , the soul of a device . With long , and , we must acknowledge , to us at least , not very intelligible argument , he maintains , that ‘ the motto is the major part of a syllogism , and the emblem the minor ; from the conjunction of which the conclusion is drawn . ’ Unprofitable and uninteresting are these discussions . We shall , in preference , mention the canons of device-criticism , which were of most general prevalence . Comparison was considered an essential property of a perfect device . Thus the Pillars of Hercules , with the motto , Plus ultra ( More beyond ) , adopted by Charles V ., in allusion to the Spanish discoveries and conquests in America , and still to be seen on the coin of that nation , was , by the connoisseurs , termed a mere conceit . The scholar 's two pens , with His ad aethera ( By these fame ) , being also devoid of comparison , was equally inferior . Not more than three figures were permissible in the emblem , unless the greater number were of the same species . A device portraying an elephant , with a flock of sheep grazing quietly around , the motto , Infestus infestis ( Hostile only to the wicked ) , was strictly correct , as the sheep , being all of one species , were recognised merely as one figure . Metaphor was not allowed in the motto : a device faulty in this respect , represented a ball of crystal , the motto , from Plautus , Intus et in cute ( The same within and without ) ; crystal being devoid of skin ( cutis ) , the expression was metaphorical . The introduction of negatives into the motto was considered good : as a sundial , with Ne aspiciatur non aspicitur ( Unless looked upon — by the sun — it is not esteemed , or is of no use ) , a good device for a king 's favourite ; a flame of fire , with Nunquam deorsum ( Never downwards ) ; a gourd floating on a stream , with Jactor non mergor ( Abandoned , but not sunk .) When the motto was taken from a well-known classic , fewer words were required : thus in a device representing a flame blown upon by the wind , with Lenis alit flammas , grandior aura necat ( A gentle wind nourishes flame , a stronger , extinguishes ) , the words , grandior necat ( a stronger , extinguishes ) would have been sufficient . Nice discrimination was required in selecting the most suitable language for a motto . According to Contile , the Spanish was most suitable for love-matters ; the Italian , for pleasant conceits ; the Greek , for fiction ; and the Latin , for majesty . Household furniture , and implements of husbandry , were considered improper subjects for the emblem of a device ; consequently , that of the Academia della Crusca was set down as decidedly vulgar , it being a sieve , with Il piu bel fior ne coglie ( It collects the finest flour of it ) — a play on the word crusca ( bran ) , assumed as the title of the Academy , from its having been instituted for the express purpose of purifying ( sifting ) the Italian language . Objects that were not recognisable unless painted in colours , were also inadmissible ; thus the otherwise clever device of the Earl of Essex — a rough diamond , with the motto , Dum formas minuis ( In fashioning , you diminish ) , came under the censure of the critics . In like manner , objects not easily distinguishable from others , were liable to the same condemnation . The celebrated device assumed by Mary Queen of Scots on the death of her first husband , Francis II ., representing a liquorice-plant , with Dulce meum terra tegit ( The earth covers my sweet ) , was pronounced faulty , because the liquorice-plant could not be readily distinguished from other shrubs , the roots of which wanted the property of sweetness so necessary to give point to the device . Unnatural or chimerical figures could not be admitted , excepting those to which tradition or classical authors had given fixed forms and attributes — as the mermaid , harpy , phoenix ; consequently , a device representing a winged tortoise , the motto , Amor addidit ( Love has added them ) , was improper . Qualities ascribed to animate or inanimate bodies by the ancients , were considered legitimate , though known by the moderns to be fictitious . Thus the dolphin , from the story of Arion , appears in devices as the friend of the distressed ; the salamander , living in fire , typifies the strong passions , natural , yet destructive to their victim ; the young stork , carrying the old one , illustrates filial piety ; the crane , which , according to Pliny , holds a stone in its claw to avert sleep , is a fit emblem of watchfulness ; the pomegranate , king of fruits , wears a regal crown ; the crocodile , symbol of hypocrisy , sheds deceitful tears . In short , almost everything that was in the heavens above , in the earth beneath , and in the waters under the earth , was seized by the device-maker , and converted into a symbol of some virtue , vice , or other quality of the mind . Nor was there only one emblem taken from each object ; by varying the circumstances , they were multiplied to an enormous amount . Menestrier gives no less than 514 different devices , founded upon the properties of the sun alone . Though devices previous to the reign of Henry VIII . were seldom worn in England , yet the insignia of the order of the Garter , instituted in 1350 , in connection with its well-known motto and assumed origin , may be considered a genuine device . The next earliest we meet with was worn by Henry IV ., and represented a blazing beacon , the motto , Une sans plus ( One alone .) This motto has been termed inappropriate ; but , considering that beacons were always placed at considerable distances from each other — one sufficing for a considerable district — we may conclude that the usurping Henry implied , that there was only one king in England , and that one was himself . Richard Duke of York , when he took up arms against Henry VI ., assumed , as his device , a sun , partly visible only through thick clouds , with the motto , Invitis nubibus ( Obscured by clouds .) After his death , his son Edward , in consequence of the success of the Yorkist cause , changed this device to a full sun unobscured . This was the sun of York so frequently alluded to by Shakspeare , and such a stumbling-block to his commentators . Henry VIII ., on the occasion of his visiting Francis I. at the field of the Cloth of Gold , wore an English archer , dressed in Lincoln green , drawing his arrow to the head , the motto , Cui adhereo pr æ est ( He whom I aid , conquers ) ; a very significant intimation to Charles V. and Francis , both of whom were anxious for Henry 's alliance against each other . Ann Boleyn wore a white-crowned falcon standing on a golden stem , from which sprouted red and white roses , with the motto , Mihi et meae ( To me and mine .) This device of the fair and unfortunate Ann has survived to the present day . Now , emblematical of her fall , as it was once of her high station , it is degraded to be the sign of an ale-house , and known to the village topers as the Magpie and Stump ! ‘ The gentle Surrey of the deathless lay , ’ one of the last victims of the tyrant Henry , wore a broken pillar , with the motto , Sat super est ( Enough remains .) One of the charges brought against him , when arraigned for high treason , was for wearing this very device . Mary , when she ascended the throne , wore a representation of Time drawing Truth out of a well , with the words , Veritas temporis filia ( Truth is the daughter of Time ) ; and Cardinal Pole wore a serpent surrounding the terrestrial globe , with the motto , Estote prudentes ( Be ye cunning .) Both of those devices were very significant of the period and of their wearers . The romantic amusements of Queen Elizabeth raised the device to the highest pinnacle of importance it ever possessed in this country , Hentzner , a German traveller , who visited the palace of Whitehall in 1598 , says , that he saw in her majesty 's bedroom ‘ a variety of devices on paper , cut in the shape of shields , with mottoes , used by the nobility at tilts and tournaments , hung up there for a memorial . ’ As to Elizabeth herself , Camden states , that the enumeration of the various devices worn by her would fill a large volume . The generality , however , of the devices of that reign were fulsome flatteries , allusive to the Maiden Queen ; such as — the moon , with the words , Quid sine te coelum ? ( What would Heaven be without thee ?) or , Venus seated on a cloud , with , Salva , me Domina ! ( Save me , O lady !) The best of the time was worn by the impetuous and ill-starred Essex , to signify his grief on one of the occasions when he had lost the queen 's favour . It represented merely a sable field , surrounded by the words . Par nulla figura dolori ( Grief cannot be painted .) The ‘ English Bayard , ’ Sir Philip Sidney , does not appear to great advantage in his devices . One , we presume intended to shew the steadfastness of his purpose , represented the tideless Caspian Sea , the motto , Sine refluxa ( Without ebb .) Another of ‘ that famous soldier , scholar , and poet , ’ throws a curious light on the manners of the age . Camden tells us that Sir Philip , ‘ who was a long time heir-apparent to the Earl of Leicester ( his uncle ) , after the earl had a son born to him , used at the next tilt-day following the motto , Speravi ( I had hoped ) , with a dash across the word , thereby signifying that his hope was dashed . ’ Would any gentleman now thus publicly express his disappointment at such an event ? The pedantry of the first James was almost as favourable to devices as the pageantry of Elizabeth ; but the days of chivalry , the glories of the triumph and the tilt-yard , were fast passing away , while the new arts of wood and copper-plate engraving were rising into eminence ; and consequently devices , instead of being worn singly on the shields and trappings of knights and maskers , were soon found collected , and seasoned with poetry on the pages of printed books . These books of emblems , as they were termed , are by no means uninteresting ; haply , at a future time , we may have an opportunity of referring to them . The early printers , we should observe , were the first who used devices on paper , each having a distinguishing emblem and motto , which they displayed on the title-pages of their works . We read of only one device worn by James ; it represented the Scottish thistle united with red and white roses , the motto , Rosas Henricus , regna Jacobus , implying that as Henry united roses , James united kingdoms . Though foreign to our subject , we may mention here , as it is not generally known , that it was James who removed the red dragon of the Tudors from the royal arms , placing as a supporter in its stead the unicorn of Scotland . We meet with only one device of the unfortunate Charles . It represented a snake that had just cast its skin , the motto , Paratior ( More ready .) During the civil war , many mottoes and figures were adopted by both the royalist and parliamentary parties , but few of them can be termed regular devices . With the Restoration , a new description of court amusement came into fashion , and the device soon became a prey to ‘ dull forgetfulness . ’ Many emblems , however , were then and subsequently assumed as crests , and a great number of mottoes were taken to point the moral , if any , of heraldic blazonry . Though repudiated and unrecognised by the strict herald , they are now generally considered to be the particular property and distinguishing ensign of certain surnames and families , and as hereditary as the quaint and fanciful charges and quarterings of coat-armour itself . FOOTNOTES : [ 4 ] The armorial bearings or coat-armour of his house . A COUNTRY WEDDING IN FRANCE . No part of France , with the exception of Brittany , has preserved its patriarchal habits , national character , and ancient forms of language , more than Touraine and Berry . The manners of the people there are extremely primitive , and some of their customs curious and interesting . The following account is from the pen of a modern French writer of great power of observation and description . It was in winter , near the time of the carnival , a season of the year when it is very customary to celebrate country weddings . In the summer , there is seldom time , and the farm-work will not allow of a three days ’ holiday , to say nothing of the slackened diligence which is the unavoidable consequence of a village festival . I was seated under the large kitchen chimney , when the firing of pistols , the barking of dogs , and the squeaking sounds of the bagpipe , announced the approach of the betrothed couple . Presently after , old Maurice and his wife , with Germain and Marie , followed by Jacques and his wife , the chief respective kinsfolk , and the godfathers and godmothers of the betrothed , made their entrance into the yard . Marie , not having yet received the wedding-presents , called livr é es , was dressed in the best attire of her simple wardrobe : a coarse dark gown ; a white handkerchief , with large flowers of gaudy colours ; a red calico apron ; a snow-white muslin head-dress , the shape of which called to mind the coiffure of Ann Boleyn and Agnes Sorel . Marie 's features were fresh-looking , and lighted up with a smile , but without any expression of pride , albeit she had some good reason for such a feeling at this moment . Germain was grave and tender in his attentions to his betrothed , like the youthful Jacob saluting Rachel at the wells of Laban . Any other girl would have assumed an air of importance and triumph ; for in all classes of society , it is something for a girl to be married for her sparkling eyes . But Marie 's eyes glistened with tears of emotion and love ; you could see at a glance that she was too deeply affected to be heedful of the opinion of others . P è re Maurice was the spokesman on the occasion , and delivered the customary compliments and invitations . In the first place , he fastened to the mantelpiece a branch of laurel ornamented with ribbons : this is called the exploit — that is to say , the form of invitation . He then proceeded to distribute to each of those invited a small cross , made of blue and rose coloured ribbon — the rose for the bride , the blue for the bridegroom ; and the guests had to keep this token — the women to deck their head-dress , and the men their buttonhole , on the day of the wedding . This is their ticket of admission to the ceremonies . P è re Maurice , after making his compliments , invited the master of the house and all his ‘ company ’ — that is to say , all his children , his kinsfolk , his friends , and servants — to the benediction , to the entertainment , to the feast , to the dance , and ‘ to all the rest ; ’ observing with the usual form of words : ‘ I have done you the honour of bidding you to the wedding . ’ Notwithstanding the liberality of the invitation carried thus from house to house , through the whole parish , the natural politeness of the peasants , which is remarkably discreet , prescribes that only two persons of each family should avail themselves of the summons — the head of the family and one of the children . The invitations being concluded , the betrothed couple and their relatives repaired to dinner together at the farmhouse , after which Marie tended her three sheep on the common , and Germain went to work in the fields , as if nothing had happened . The day before that appointed for the wedding , at two o'clock in the afternoon , the band of music arrived — that is to say , the bagpipe , and the man with the triangle ,— their instruments ornamented with long floating ribbons , and playing a march for the occasion , somewhat slow , indeed , for feet not indigenous to the country , but in perfect harmony with the character of the soil and the up-and-down nature of the roads in those parts . Some pistol-shots , fired by the young folks and children , announced the commencement of the nuptials . The company gradually assembled , and a dance was struck up on the grass-plot before the house . At nightfall , strange preparations were begun , the party separating into two bands ; and when darkness closed in , they proceeded to the ceremony of the livr é es , or present-making . This took place at the house of the bride — Mrs Guillette 's cottage . The good woman took with her her daughter ; a dozen young and pretty pastourelles , Marie 's friends and relatives ; two or three respectable matrons , her neighbours , loquacious , quick of reply , and rigid guardians of ancient usages ; then she selected a dozen vigorous champions from her kinsmen and friends ; and lastly , the old chauvreur or flaxdresser of the parish , a man of eloquence and address if ever there was one . The part that in Brittany is played by the bazvalan or village tailor , is in our part of the country acted by the flaxdresser or woolcomber — two professions which are often united . He is present at all solemnities , gay or grave , being essentially a man of erudition and a good speaker ; and on these occasions he has always to act as spokesman , and to execute well and worthily certain formularies of speech , in use from time immemorial . His wandering profession , which introduces the man into so many family circles , without allowing him to fix himself in his own , naturally serves to render him talkative and amusing , a ready story-teller , and an able man of song . The flaxdresser is particularly sceptical . He and another rustic functionary , of whom we shall speak presently , the grave-digger , are always the esprits forts of the place . They are so much in the habit of talking of ghosts , and are so well acquainted with all the tricks of which these evil spirits are capable , that they scarcely fear them at all . It is especially in the night that all these worthies , grave-diggers , flaxdressers , and ghosts , exercise their industry . It is in the night also the flaxdresser relates his lamentable stories . But he is no more than the sacristan addicted exclusively to the pleasure of inspiring his auditors with fear ; he delights in raising a laugh ; and is jocose and sentimental by turns , when he comes to speak of love and Hymen . He is the man to collect and store up in memory the most ancient songs , and to hand them down to posterity ; and , as usual , he was in the present instance the person charged with the presentation of the wedding-gifts at the nuptials of Marie . As soon as all were assembled in the house , the doors and windows were closed with the greatest care ; the very leucomb shutter of the granary was barricaded ; planks , trussels , and tables were put up across all the points of egress , as if one was preparing to sustain a siege ; and within this fortification reigned a solemn silence of expectation , until from a distance were heard singing , laughter , and the sound of rustic instruments . These were the bridegroom 's band , Germain at its head , accompanied by his stoutest companions , the grave-digger , kinsfolk , friends , and servants , who formed a joyous and solid cort è ge . As they approached the house , however , they slackened their pace , consulted together , and were silent . The young girls , shut up in the house , had contrived to find little slits in the windows , through which they watched the procession as it arrived , and formed in order of battle . A fine chilly rain fell , which added to the excitement of the situation , whilst a large fire crackled and blazed on the hearth within doors . Marie would gladly have shortened the inevitable slowness of this state of siege : she did not at all like to see her betrothed dawdling about in the wet and cold ; but she had no voice in the affair — nay , she had even to share ostensibly in the cruelty of her companions . When the two camps were thus pitched in face of one another , a discharge of firearms from the party without doors set all the dogs in the neighbourhood in commotion : those belonging to the house flew to the gate , barking loudly ; and the little children , whom their mothers vainly endeavoured to quiet , fell to crying and trembling with fear . The grave-digger , the bard and orator of the bridegroom , now stationed himself before the door , and in a pitiable voice began a dialogue with the flaxdresser , who was at the garret-window over the same door . Grave-digger . Hollo ! my good folks , my dear neighbours , for mercy 's sake open the door . Flaxdresser . Pray who may you be ; and how come you to take the liberty of calling us your dear neighbours ? We do n't know you . G. We are honest folks in trouble . Do n't fear us , my friends , but bestow your hospitality on us . The sleet falls fast , our feet are all frozen , and we have come such a distance that our shoes are worn out . The flaxdresser inquires sharply who they are , and receives various ridiculous answers . At length the besiegers say — Grave-digger . Well , then , if you 'll not listen to reason , we shall enter by force . Flaxdresser . Try , if you like . We are strong enough not to fear you ; and as you are insolent , we shall not answer you any more . So saying , the flaxdresser slammed to the wicket with a bang , and went down a ladder into the room below . He then took the bride elect by the hand , and the young folks joining them , all fell to dancing and shouting gaily , whilst the matrons of the party sang with shrill voices , and amidst shouts of laughter , at the people outside , who were attempting the assault . The besiegers , on their side , pretended rage ; they fired their pistols at the doors , set the dogs barking , rattled the shutters , thumped the walls , and uttered loud cries . The garrison at last seemed to manifest some desire to capitulate ; but required as a condition that the opposite party should sing a song . As soon as the song was begun , however , the besieged replied with the second line ; and so long as they were able to do this , they were safe . The two antagonists were the best hands in the country for a song , and their stock seemed inexhaustible . Once or twice the flaxdresser made a wry face , frowned , and turned to the women with a disappointed look . The grave-digger sang something so old that his adversary had forgotten it , or perhaps had never known it ; but instantly the good woman took up the burden of the song with a shrill voice , and helped their friend through his trouble . At length the party of the bride declared they would yield , provided the others offered her a present worthy of her . Thereupon began the song of the Wedding-gifts , to an air as solemn as a church psalm , the men outside singing bass in unison , and the women answering from within in falsetto . In twenty couplets at least the men enumerate all the wedding-presents , and the matrons at length consent that the door should be opened . On this being arranged , the flaxdresser instantly drew the wooden spigot which fastened the door on the inside — the only fastening known in most of the dwellings in our village — and the bridegroom 's band rushed in , but not without a combat , for the lads who garrisoned the place , even the old flaxdresser and the ancient village dames , considered it their duty to defend the hearth . The invaders were armed with a goose stuck upon a large iron spit , adorned with bouquets of straw and ribbons , and to plant this at the fire was to gain possession of the hearth . Every effort was of course made to attain this object . Now came a veritable battle , although the combatants did not come to actual blows , and fought without any anger or ill-will . But they pressed and pushed one another so closely , and there was so much emulation in the display of muscular power , that the results might have been more serious than they appeared amidst the singing and laughter . The poor old flaxdresser , who fought like a lion , was pinned to the wall , and squeezed until he could hardly get breath . More than one hero was rolled in the dust , more than one hand was withdrawn bleeding from an attack on the spit . These sports are dangerous , and in consequence of the occurrence of serious accidents , our peasants have resolved to drop them . The enormous iron spit was twisted like a screw before it was at length flung across the fire-irons , and the conquest achieved . There was now no lack of talk and laughter . Each one exhibited the wounds he had received ; but as they were in many cases given by the hand of a friend , nobody complained . The matrons cleaned the stone-floor , and order was re-established . The table was covered with pitchers of new wine . ‘ When they had all drunk together , clinking their glasses , and had taken breath , the bridegroom was led into the middle of the room ; and , furnished with a ring , he had to undergo a new trial . During the contest , the bride had been concealed , with three of her companions , by her mother , her godmother , and her aunts , who had seated the four young girls on a bench , in a corner of the room , and covered them with a large white cloth . The three girls had been selected of the same height as Marie ; and this cloth veiling them from head to foot , it was impossible to distinguish one from another . The bridegroom was only allowed to touch them with the end of his switch , to point out which he guessed to be his bride . If wrong , he could not dance with the latter that evening , but only with the one he had selected in error . The party then separated , to re-assemble at eight o'clock the next morning . At the appointed time , after a breakfast of milk-soup , well peppered to stimulate the appetite — for the nuptial-feast promised to be a rich one — all assembled in the farmyard . A journey of several miles had to be performed to obtain the nuptial benediction . Germain mounted the gray mare , which had been new shod and decked with ribbons for the occasion ; the bride rode behind him ; whilst his brother-in-law , Jacques , was mounted on the old gray , with the grandmother . The joyous cavalcade set out , escorted by the children on foot , who kept firing pistols and making the horses start . Mrs Maurice , the mother , seated with the children and the village fiddlers in a cart , opened the procession to the sounds of the little band of music . A crowd was gathered at the mairie and the church to see the pretty bride . We must describe her dress , it became her so well . Her clean muslin cap , embroidered all over , had lappets trimmed with lace ; a white kerchief , modestly crossed in front , left visible only the delicate outline of a neck rounded like that of a dove ; her dress of fine green cloth set off her pretty figure ; and she wore an apron of violet silk , with the bavette or bib , which the village lasses have since then foolishly given up . At the ceremony of the offrande , Germain , according to custom , placed the treizaine — that is to say , thirteen pieces of silver — in the hand of his bride , and slipped on her finger a silver ring of a peculiar form , which had existed unchanged for ages , but which has now been replaced by the alliance d'or . We pass over the ceremony of the wedding . The party remounted their steeds , and returned home at a rapid pace . The feast was splendid , and lasted till midnight , interspersed with song and dance . The old folks did not quit the table for fourteen hours . The grave-digger superintended the cuisine , and filled his part to admiration ; in fact , he was famous in this line , and between the services , he left his cooking and joined in the dance and song . He was strong , fresh , and gay as a lark . On leaving a wedding-party , he would go and dig a grave , or nail down a coffin — a task of which he acquitted himself with pious care . We now come to the third and most curious day of the nuptials , which is still strictly observed . As the ceremony of the livr é es is the symbol of taking possession of the heart and home of the bride , that of the chou is the type of the fecundity of marriage . After breakfast the next morning , this performance commenced — a custom of ancient Gallic origin , which became gradually a sort of Mystery or Morality of the middle ages . Two lads disappear during the breakfast , go and dress themselves up , and then return , accompanied by music , dogs , children , and firing of pistols . They represent a couple of beggars — husband and wife — covered with rags : they are called the gardener and his wife ( le jardinier and la jardini è re ) , and give out that they have the charge and the cultivation of the sacred cabbage . The man 's face is bedaubed with soot and wine-lees , or sometimes covered with a grotesque mask . A broken pot or an old shoe , suspended to his belt with a bit of string , serves him to beg for and collect the offerings of wine . No one refuses ; and he pretends to drink , and then pours the wine on the ground , in token of libation . He now feigns to be tipsy , and rolls in the mud ; whilst his poor wife runs after him , reproaching him pathetically , and calling for help . A handbarrow is now brought , on which is placed the gardener , with a spade , a cord , and a large basket . Four strong men carry him on their shoulders . His wife follows on foot , and the old folks come after with a grave and pensive air ; then the nuptial procession march two by two to the measure of the music . The firing of pistols recommences , the dogs bark more loudly than ever at the sight of the gardener thus borne in triumph , and the children jeer him as he passes . The procession arrives at the bride 's dwelling , and enters the garden . There a fine cabbage is selected — a matter which is not effected in a hurry , for the old folks hold a council , each one pleading for some favourite cabbage . Votes are taken ; and when the choice is made , the gardener ties his cord round the stalk , and retreats to the further end of the garden , whilst the other actors in the comedy — the flaxdresser , the grave-digger , the carpenter , and the shoemaker — all stand round the cabbage . One digs a trench , advances , recedes , makes a plan , spies at the others through a pair of spectacles ; and , in short , after various difficulties and mummeries , the gardener pulls the cord , his wife spreads her apron , and the cabbage falls majestically amidst the hurrahs of the spectators . The basket is then brought , the two gardeners plant the cabbage in it with all sorts of precautions ; fresh earth is put round its root , it is propped with sticks , and carefully tied up . Rosy apples on the end of sticks , branches of thyme , sage , and laurel are stuck all round it , and the whole is decked with ribbons and streamers . The trophy is then replaced on the handbarrow with the gardener , who has to hold it upright , and prevent any accident . Lastly , the procession leaves the garden in good order , and to a measured march . On coming , however , to the gate , and again when they enter the court-yard of the bridegroom 's house , an imaginary obstacle opposes their passage . The bearers of the burden stumble , raise a great outcry , draw back , advance again , and , as if repelled by some invincible force , pretend to give way under their load . Meantime the bystanders keep exclaiming , to excite and encourage the bearers : ‘ Bravo ! ’ ‘ Well done , my boys ! ’ ‘ Courage ! ’ ‘ Have a care ! ’ ‘ Patience ! ’ ‘ Stoop now ; the gate is too low ! ’ ‘ To the left — now to the right ! ’ ‘ Look sharp now ! ’ ‘ Now you 're through ! ’ On reaching the court-yard of the bridegroom , the cabbage is lifted off the barrow , and carried to the highest point of the house — whether a chimney , a gable , or a pigeon-house . The gardener plants it there , and waters it with a large pitcher of wine , whilst a salvo of pistol-shots , and the joyous contortions of the jardini è re , announce its inauguration . The same ceremony is immediately recommenced : another cabbage is removed from the bridegroom 's garden , and carried with the same formalities to the roof of the house which his wife has just quitted . These trophies remain there , until the wind and rain destroy the baskets , and carry away the plants ; but they generally remain long enough to verify the predictions of the village dames , that ere their removal , the new-married couple shall be blessed with a pretty little addition to their domestic happiness . The day is far advanced when these ceremonies are accomplished , and all that remains , is to escort with music the parents of the young couple to their homes . There they have a dance , and all is over . NOBLE INSTANCE OF TURKISH GENEROSITY AND HONESTY . I happened , a short time ago , to be in company with a retired shipmaster in Liverpool , who , after spending forty-five years of his life chiefly in command of vessels from that port , had retired to enjoy the fruits of a well-deserved competency . The conversation turned upon the difficulty , nay , almost the impossibility , of being able , in this highly-civilised and moral country , in the ordinary business of life , to trust only to the word or honour of the contracting parties . The Ancient Mariner fully agreed with me in my opinions , and said , that during a long intercourse with his species in every quarter of the globe , the only men he had met with whose words were equal to their bonds , or whose honesty would stand the test of being trusted with untold gold , were — the Turks . On my expressing surprise at this unqualified encomium in favour of a set of men on whom , as a nation , we have generally been accustomed to look with distrust and suspicion , the old gentleman said : ‘ I will give you an account of the circumstances which first led me to form this opinion , and leave you to judge for yourself ; ’ and added , that during an occasional intercourse with them , extending over a period of twenty years , he had had it only the more strengthened and confirmed . He then said : ‘ It is now upwards of thirty years since I had , for the first time , any intercourse with the Mediterranean : our vessel was chartered to Constantinople ; and one of the principal owners , a Liverpool merchant , was aboard acting as his own supercargo . Although it was my first acquaintance with the Turks , it was not his , as the sequel will shew . ‘ As we approached our destination , we availed ourselves of the customary aid of one of the local pilots ; but he who on this occasion undertook the responsibility , proved but an inexperienced guide ; and from some mistake in his bearings , ran the vessel upon a sandbank , from which every effort to dislodge her , laden as she was , proved unavailing . We were on a bleak part of the coast , and not more than half a mile from the shore , although a considerable distance from our destined port . It was necessary , therefore , to take out several boat-loads of the cargo , and send them on shore , whatever might be the risk they ran of being left there , while we were getting the ship afloat again . On expressing my fears as to their safety to the merchant whose property the goods were , he at once said : “ I know the Turks , and will abide the consequences of the step ; ” although , situated as we were , we could not shrink from the results , whatever they might be , without incurring a much heavier loss , if not the entire destruction of the vessel . Accordingly , the boats were got out , and part of the cargo at once transferred to them , and conveyed to the shore , I acting as cockswain on the occasion . As the foremost boat approached , a number of turbaned figures were seen advancing , who , as soon as it touched the beach , rushed into the surf , and , with a shout , hauled it high and dry , and commenced at once to bear off its cargo to a field in the immediate neighbourhood , above high-water mark . Remonstrance or resistance would have been equally out of the question , as neither understood a word the other said , and their numbers were overpowering . So rapidly did the goods vanish from the boat under their active operations , that I had not even time to take a note of the particular packages . As soon as the boat was emptied of its contents , they assisted in pushing it off again into deep water ; and in a very desponding state of mind regarding the ultimate fate of the goods which I had left on shore , I returned to the ship . On expressing my fears on that score to the merchant , who met me at the gangway , he smiled , and said : “ It 's all right , I saw by the turbans and dresses of the men who came down to you that they were Turks ; and I know , from experience , that we run no risk whatever in leaving the goods under their self-imposed guardianship . ” As he was the party who was most interested in the result , I said nothing more , but proceeded to lighten the ship as speedily as possible , by making several additional trips to the shore with as much of the cargo as enabled us to get at the ballast ; and on each occasion we received the same prompt and energetic assistance from our turbaned allies , each boat-load being carried to the corner of the field where the others were deposited . It required two days to get the ship sufficiently lightened of her ballast , so as to get her afloat again , and this we were enabled to do without her sustaining any damage of a serious nature , as the weather , fortunately for us , continued perfectly calm . ‘ During these two nights that the goods were left on shore , they were watched by two of the Turks alone ; and when we were ready for their reshipment , they assisted us as energetically in replacing them in the boat , as they did at first in removing them from it . On our last trip to the shore , the merchant went with us , and I took several pieces of gold with me , which I offered to the honest fellows who had so generously and voluntarily rendered us such efficient service ; when , to my still greater surprise , they , to a man , making a low bow , and muttering something , which to me was unintelligible , put their hands on their hearts , and refused to accept it . The merchant , who understood a word or two only of their language , said that he could make out that what they had said was , that we were brothers , and in distress , and that was enough to induce them to do what they could to assist us . ‘ Our vessel then proceeded on her voyage to Constantinople , which she reached in a short time , and got her cargo safely disembarked . While there , I occasionally met in the streets several of the men who had assisted us , and received from them in passing always a pleasing smile of recognition . ’ I ask my readers whether they think that , if such a thing had occurred on almost any part of our own coasts , a similar result would have taken place ? Is it not notorious , and a deep and indelible stain on the great proportion of our population on the coast , that on a wreck taking place , the natives not only pilfer all that they can lay their hands upon , but sometimes do not even hesitate , it is alleged , to extinguish any glimmering sparks of life that may be perceptible in the bodies of the unfortunate mariners who have been washed ashore — with a view to protect themselves in the possession of their basely acquired spoil ? And is it not equally notorious , that so far from their doing anything to warn a ship in distress , that they see approaching their iron-bound shores , of its danger , and doing anything to prevent it , they very often shew false signals , so as to draw the unfortunate vessel upon the rocks which it is so anxious to avoid ? Such practices are an everlasting disgrace to the natives of many parts of our coasts ; and how nobly , therefore , does the conduct of the poor Turks contrast with it , and that , too , be it borne in mind , even when rendered to those whom they are taught to regard as Infidels ! My venerable informant also told me , that during an occasional intercourse , extending over a period of nearly twenty years , with the natives of several parts of Turkey , he had never met with a solitary instance even of dishonesty , or a departure from an agreement , the conditions of which had only been settled by a verbal engagement , even when the result would evidently be unfavourable to them . LADY BETTY , THE HANGWOMAN . The following curious sketch is from Mr W. R. Wilde 's Irish Popular Superstitions , printed in M'Glashan ' s Readings in Popular Literature . It does not refer to a superstition , but to one of those facts which exhibit as much of the preternatural as the wildest excursion of fancy . A portion of the little volume is reprinted from the Dublin University Magazine , and , for aught we know , Lady Betty may have made her appearance originally in that work . The old jail of Roscommon stood , and , although now converted to other purposes , still stands in the market-place , in the centre of the town . It is an exceedingly high , dark , gloomy-looking building , with a castellated top , like one of the ancient fortresses that tower above the houses in many of the continental cities . It can be discerned at a great distance ; and , taken in connection with the extensive ruins of O'Connor ' s Castle , in the suburbs , and the beautiful abbey upon the other side of the town , seems to partake of the character of the middle-age architecture . The fatal drop was , perhaps , the highest in Ireland . It consisted of a small doorway in the front of the third storey , with a simple iron beam and pulley above , and the lapboard merely a horizontal door hinged to the wall beneath , and raised or let fall by means of a sliding-bolt , which shot from the wall when there was occasion to put the apparatus of death in requisition . Fearful as this elevated gallows appeared , and unique in its character , it was not more so than the finisher of the law who then generally officiated upon it . No decrepit wretch , no crime-hardened ruffian , no secret and mysterious personage , who was produced occasionally disguised and masked , plied his dreadful trade here . Who , think you , gentle reader — who now , perhaps , recoils from these unpleasant but truthful minuti æ— officiated upon this gallows high ?— a female !— a middle-aged , stout-made , dark-eyed , swarthy-complexioned , but by no means forbidding-looking woman — the celebrated Lady Betty — the finisheress of the law — the unflinching priestess of the executive for the Connaught circuit , and Roscommon in particular , for many years . Few children , born or reared in that county thirty , or even five-and-twenty years ago , who were not occasionally frightened into ‘ being good , ’ and going to sleep , and not crying when left alone in the dark , by huggath a ’ Pooka , or , ‘ here 's Lady Betty . ’ The only fragment of her history which we have been able to collect is , that she was a person of violent temper , though in manners rather above the common , and possessing some education . It was said that she was a native of the County Kerry , and that by her harsh usage she drove her only son from her at an early age . He enlisted ; but , in course of years , returned with some money in his pocket , the result of his campaigning . He knocked at his father 's door , and asked a night 's lodging , determined to see for himself whether the brutal mother he had left had in any way repented , or was softened in her disposition , before he would reveal himself . He was admitted , but not recognised . The mother , discovering that he possessed some money , murdered him during the night . The crime was discovered , and the wretched woman sentenced to be hanged , along with the usual dockful of sheep-stealers , Whiteboys , shop-lifters , and cattle-houghers , who , to the amount of seven or eight at a time , were invariably ‘ turned off ’ within four-and-twenty hours after their sentences at each assizes . No executioner being at hand , time pressing , and the sheriff and his deputy being men of refinement , education , humanity , and sensibility , who could not be expected to fulfil the office which they had undertaken — and for which one of them , at least , was paid — this wretched woman , being the only person in the jail who could be found to perform the office , consented ; and under the name of Lady Betty , officiated , unmasked and undisguised , as hangwoman for a great number of years after ; and she used also to flog publicly in the streets , as a part of her trade . Numerous are the tales related of her exploits , which we have now no desire to dwell upon . We may , however , mention one extraordinary trait of her character . She was in the habit of drawing , with a burnt stick , upon the walls of her apartment , portraits of all the persons she executed . THE WILL AND THE WAY . I learned grammar when I was a private soldier on the pay of sixpence a day . The edge of my berth , or that of my guard-bed , was my seat to study in ; my knapsack was my bookcase , and a bit of board lying in my lap was my writing-table . I had no money to purchase candle or oil ; in winter , it was rarely that I could get any light but that of the fire , and only my turn even of that . To buy a pen or piece of paper , I was compelled to forego some portion of food , though in a state of half-starvation . I had not a moment of time that I could call my own ; and I had to read and write amid the talking , laughing , singing , whistling , and bawling of at least half a score of the most thoughtless of men — and that , too , in the hours of their freedom from all control . And I say , if I , under these circumstances , could encounter and overcome the task , is there — can there be , in the whole world , a youth who can find an excuse for the non-performance ?— William Cobbett . PAPER-MILLS . A return has been made of the number of paper-mills at present at work in England , Wales , Ireland , and Scotland ; also of the number of ‘ beating-engines ’ in each mill . From this it appears that there are in England 304 paper-mills at present in activity , having 1267 beating-engines at work , and 107 silent . In Scotland , there are 48 mills , having 278 beating-engines at work , and 8 silent . In Ireland , there are 28 mills , having 71 beating-engines at work , and 15 silent . In Wales , there are no paper-mills . The total is , 880 mills , having 1616 beating-engines at work , and 130 silent . LINES TO ——. O could I love thee , love as thou art worthy to be loved , Thy deep , thy constant tenderness my purpose might have moved . I know , might I accept thy heart , a blissful lot were mine ; Would we had earlier met — but no ! I never could be thine . I love thee as a sister loves a brother kind and dear , And feel a sister 's thrilling pride whene'er thy praise I hear ; And I have breathed a sister 's prayer for thee at Mercy 's throne , And ne'er a truer , purer love might sister 's bosom own . I knew this trial was in store ; I felt it day by day ; And oft in agony I prayed this cup might pass away ; And yet I lacked the power to tell , what thou too late must hear , To tell thee that another claims this heart to thee so dear . Alas ! that I must cause thee pain — I know that thou wilt grieve — For oh ! thou art all truthfulness ; thou never couldst deceive ; And I have wept when anxious care sat heavy on thy brow , Have wept when others wounded thee , and I must wound thee now . It may be that in after-years we yet shall meet again , When time has cancelled every trace of this dark hour of pain : O may I see thee happy , blest , whate'er my lot may be , And , as a sister and a friend , I shall rejoice with thee . HARRIET . PROCESS FOR PRODUCING TAPERED IRON . In No . 430 of this Journal , page 207 , there is some mention of the patented rolling process for tapering bar-iron by machinery . This important invention is not of American origin , as persons unacquainted with the facts might imagine : it was first practised at the Mersey Steel and Iron Company 's works at Liverpool , and then patented by Mr William Clay in the United States . The Company mentioned were awarded for the manufacture the prize-medal of the Great Exhibition , and the silver medals of the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia , and the American Institute of New York . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & CO ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .