CHAMBERS 'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR LITERATURE , SCIENCE , AND ART . Fourth Series CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS . NO . 727 . SATURDAY , DECEMBER 1 , 1877 . PRICE 1 ½ d .] COSTERS AND THEIR DONKEYS . In walking through any part of the metropolis — be it in the City , the West End , or any part of the suburbs north or south — you will , especially if early in the day , see men with wheeled trucks drawn by donkeys , and laden with fish , vegetables , or other articles for sale to the inhabitants . Rough as they are in appearance , and poor as may be their commercial outset , these are a useful class of persons ; and looking to the vastness of the population crowded within a wide but yet limited space , one has a difficulty in knowing how the ordinary life of many individuals could get on without them . A small town could manage pretty well with a few shops . But in the metropolis , in which there are now from three to four millions of people , the shop-system does not fulfil the general wants ; and supernumeraries with trucks to hawk their wares among customers , have sprung up as a convenience and necessity . The name given to these humble street-traders is Costers or Costermongers . Their professional designation is of old date , and is traced to Costard , a large variety of apple . Costermongers were therefore originally street-sellers of apples . The apple might be termed their cognisance . Henry Mayhew , in that laboriously constructed and vastly amusing work of his , London Labour and London Poor , issued some six-and-twenty years ago , describes the costermongers as numbering upwards of thirty thousand . It might be inferred that in the progress of time , the number would have increased ; but such , we believe , is not the case . Social arrangements have considerably altered . Owing to police regulations , there is a greater difficulty in finding standing-room in the street for barrows . By improved market arrangements and means of transport , small shopkeepers in humble neighbourhoods have become rivals to the costers . As regards means of transport for traders of all sorts , there has been immense progress within the last few years , on account of the abolition of taxes on spring-carts , and latterly the abolition of taxes on horses . We might say that for these reasons alone there are in all large towns ten times more spring-carts and vans for distribution of goods from shops than there were a very few years ago . Of course , all this has limited the traffic of itinerant vendors , and prevented any great increase in their number . Under such drawbacks , however , there are probably still as many as thirty thousand costermongers in and about the metropolis . The young and more rudimental of the class do not get the length of possessing donkeys . They begin with hand-trucks , which they industriously tug away at , until by an improvement in circumstances they can purchase , and start a donkey . Having attained the distinction of driving instead of personally hauling , they have enviedly reached the aristocracy of the profession . They are full-blown costers , and can set up their face in all popular assemblages of the fraternity . A costermonger driving his donkey and habitually taking orders for carrots or turnips as he passes the doors of anticipated customers , is in his way a great man . At all events he presents a spectacle of honest labour , and is immensely more to be respected than the pompous ‘ swell ’ who sponges on relations , who is somewhat of a torturation , and who never from the day of his birth did a good hand 's turn . Mayhew , who deserves to be called the historian of London street-dealers of all descriptions , gives a far from pleasing picture of the social condition and habits of the costermongers . With all their industry , they are spoken of as for the most part leading a dismally reckless kind of life — spending their spare hours at ‘ penny gaffs , ’ a low species of dancing saloons , and so on . What he mentions is just what might be expected in a loose , uneducated , and generally neglected population of a great city . If you allow people to grow up very much like the lower animals , what are you to expect in the way of delicacy ? You may be thankful that with the innumerable disadvantages of their condition , and the temptations that surround them , they have the rough good sense to work for their livelihood , however vagabondising may be their enterprise . The lapse of thirty years has made a considerable change for the better in the social economics of the costermongers . They have participated in , and been benefited by , those elevating influences which have been assiduously cultivated by city missionaries , by the press , and other agencies . Penny gaffs have almost disappeared . The licenses compulsorily required for singing , music , dancing , and dramatic rooms may be said to have killed them . The costers with advanced tastes and intelligence seek for more rational recreations than were customary in the past generation . Attached to home life , marriages amongst them are more numerous ; they pay greater attention to their children ; they read more and drink less ; notably they are better dressed and kinder to their donkeys . On this last particular we would specially dwell . A consideration for the comforts of the animals dependent on our bounty marks an advance in civilisation . The character of a man may indeed be known from the manner in which he treats his horse , his dog , his ass , or any other creature of which he is the owner . Rude treatment to any of these dumb and defenceless beings who willingly minister to our profit or pleasure , indicates a low type of humanity . The London coster used to be careless about his donkey . As concerns its food , its style of harness , its stabling , and its hours of work , there was no particular attention . Such , generally speaking , is no longer the case . We might say that the rights and feelings of the animal are respected . So to speak , it is better dressed , and is more lively in its aspect . In its face there seems to be a spirit of contentment . The coster , its master , pats it , and addresses it in a far more encouraging and kindly way than was customary in our early days , or even so lately as twenty years ago . All this is as it should be . Has it ever occurred to any one to inquire why the donkey should have so long been held in contempt and been cruelly tyrannised over ? In the East , and in the south of Europe , the ass is esteemed as a useful beast of burden . Alpine regions inaccessible to wheel-carriages , would not be habitable without the services of this sure-footed and easily-kept animal . It is the only carrier , and may be seen patiently toiling with laden panniers on narrow pathways far up in the mountains . In our own country , as an aid in various laborious occupations , the donkey has never been properly appreciated , but on the contrary , it has met with such shameful usage as to stunt it in its growth and sorely to try its naturally gentle temper . Reasons could perhaps be assigned for this undeserved contumely . The poor donkey has no great claim to elegance of form . Its long ears are a reproach ; no one being apparently aware that Nature has bountifully granted these long trumpet-shaped ears to enable it to hear at a great distance , and if necessary to escape from its enemies . Another reason is , that the donkey is too patient and meek to resent affronts . Its submissiveness is imputed to stupidity . If it could stand up for its rights , it would be more thought of . The lion , which is of no use whatever , and is nothing else than a ferocious wild beast , with a proud overbearing look , is highly honoured as an emblem of power and dignity . The ass is heraldically valueless . It could be adopted only as an emblem of untiring and uncomplaining labour , which would suit no coat armorial . In the improved treatment of the costermonger 's donkey we begin to see brighter days for this hitherto down-trodden creature . The costers themselves being improved through different agencies , their animals feel the benefit of the general advance . In the vast obscurities of London there is a neighbourhood known as Golden Lane and Whitecross Street , intimately associated with the progressive improvement of costers and their donkeys . A kind of oasis in the desert , this neighbourhood , which is now considerably improved in appearance , shines forth as an important central mission , to the merits of which we can but feebly do justice . We have often had occasion to remark how much good is unostentatiously done by one man , through mere force of character and persevering vigilance . The one man in this case has been Mr W. J. Orsman , who for a series of years has earnestly devoted himself to the amelioration of the condition , moral and social , of the poor street-dealers clustered in and around Golden Lane and Whitecross Street . He acts as honorary secretary to the Costermongers ’ Society ; he edits a little periodical , known as the Golden Lane Mission Magazine ; and he fosters and helps to maintain many small sub-societies , if we may so term them . Among these are a ‘ Share Barrow Club , ’ for lending barrows to men who possess neither donkey-carts nor hand-barrows ; a Sick and Burial Club , to which the men pay fourpence a week each ; a ‘ Coster 's Friends ’ of Labour Club , through the aid of which the men can put out small sums at interest , or borrow small sums for limited periods ; an ‘ Emily Loan Club ’ ( named , we believe , after a daughter of the Earl of Shaftesbury ) , for the benefit of respectable female street-dealers ; a Penny Savings-bank ; a Maternity Fund ; a Soup Kitchen ; a Coal Fund ; a Clothing Club ; a Donkey Club ( for purchasing donkeys by means of small instalments ) , besides others for educational , moral , and religious improvement . The accounts given of the annual meetings of the costers and their friends are among the curiosities of current literature . Coming prominently forward at these assemblages we perceive the Earl of Shaftesbury , a nobleman who , animated by the kindliest motives , deems it no sacrifice to his high position to encourage by his presence and by his speeches the humble efforts made by the costers in the progress of well-doing . A few years since , at one of the annual meetings , which are held in May , the Earl of Shaftesbury took the chair . First , there was tea given to three hundred of the men ; then was held a donkey-show , in which the excellent condition of the animals was fully evinced ; and then came the event of the evening . The costermongers had bought a donkey of unusual size , strength , and beauty ; they decked him profusely with ribbons , and brought him into the Hall . In the names of all the men , Mr Carter , a vestryman of St Luke 's parish , who kindly interests himself in their welfare , presented the donkey to the Earl of Shaftesbury . The Earl , as is said , had already become , in a whimsical and pleasant sense , a costermonger , and now in virtue of his donkey was an accepted full member of the corps . Whether the Earl 's Neddy appreciated the honour conferred on him , we do not know ; but we may be quite sure that no hard usage was in store for him . As may be generally known , attempts to encourage the improvement of donkeys have taken place through public shows and the offering of prizes . A Donkey and Mule show , held at the Crystal Palace in May 1874 , was the means of giving to many persons their first idea of the real value of an exhibition which some had beforehand laughed at , as an absurdity . It was amply proved that the donkey can become a really beautiful animal when well treated ; and it was equally made manifest that rough street-dealers can be as kind as their betters when encouraged to be so . An archbishop carried off a prize ; several costermongers did the same ; and a truly cosmopolitan feeling was exhibited when the prizes were distributed . The Earl of Shaftesbury , who presided on the occasion , humorously claimed to be a costermonger himself ; for ( to encourage others in a good work ) he had enrolled his name in the Golden Lane branch of the Costermongers ’ Society . Many of the donkeys exhibited at the Crystal Palace had been employed in drawing carts and trucks laden with vegetables , fruit , fish , salt , sand , firewood , crockery-ware , and other commodities ; and the excellent condition of some of them won prizes for their owners . Even a few of the donkey-drivers of Blackheath and Hampstead Heath shewed that the fraternity are not always so rough and unkind as they usually appear . It was asserted that donkeys which do not work on Sunday are generally more active and ready on Monday ; so that the trader is but little a loser by this course in the long-run . The Earl of Shaftesbury remarked that : ‘ It would be seen from the show that these animals are designed by Providence to be of the greatest service to mankind ; and that kindly treatment and respect — respect for the wants and feelings of the animals — will bring their own reward in willing service . ’ Several donkey-shows have since been held in and near the metropolis , conveying the same useful lesson . In August of the present year , a Pony and Donkey show was held in London , in connection with the Golden Lane Mission and Society . The Earl of Shaftesbury and Lady Edith Ashley kindly and patiently examined the hard-working dumb companions of the costermongers , and exchanged pleasant words with the men . There was a tea for four hundred going on nearly at the same time . After this came a general ‘ march past , ’ and a distribution of money and books as prizes . The donkeys were all in admirable condition ; while many of the ponies were plump and sleek . His lordship now called for Wilkins , a shrewd prosperous coster of Golden Lane , and bedecked with the insignia of authority as an officer of the Benefit Society . This coster and another made brief speeches ; after which Colonel Henderson , Chief Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police , declared that the costers are generally deserving of high praise , and that the police have very little trouble with them — when once the laws relating to the public streets are well understood . After a few more speeches and addresses , the noble chairman said in pleasant humour that he had received a poem entitled The Earl and the Ass ; that the donkey he had received a few years before at the hands of the costermongers was under the doctor 's care ; and that this fact alone prevented the animal from being present . Every donkey at the show was known by some name or other ; and hence there were many such designations as Tommy , Old Tommy , Black Tommy , Jack , Prince , Paddy , Old Jack , Old Sam , Boko , Charlie , Mike , Ugly Tom , Quick ; while the other sex in the race was represented by such feminine names as Jenny , Pretty Polly , Kitty , Pretty Jane , Maggie , and Betsy . We do not know what was the poem to which the Earl of Shaftesbury alluded , but conclude that it was a poem which appeared in Punch relative to the presentation of the donkey to his Lordship . To shew how a facetious periodical can rise above mere jesting , we transcribe the following verses : Could there be a better gift ? The patient beast Who bears the stick , and will on thistles feast , Yet in hard duty struggles to the end , Is always grateful to a human friend , But seldom finds such friends ; is roughly fostered By costermongers , sellers of the costard , Sellers of other things from door to door , And very useful traders for the poor — He bears a cross , we know ; and legends say Has borne , in memory of a wondrous day , When love wrought miracles , in stress and strife , And sick were healed , and dead men raised to life . Since when , ‘ twixt hard knocks , hard words , and hard fare , He and his owners both their cross must bear . The Earl , who loves his race , loves other races ; He has sought evil out in darksome places , And bravely grappled with its many arms , And tamed its strength , and paralysed its harms ; Brought aid to weakness , moved dead weights away , That crushed the soul down , deep in mire and clay . The greatest , by descending , may ascend : The peer who is the costermongers ’ friend , Dares on the platform stroke an ass 's ears , Rises above the level of his peers . As an evidence that the endeavours to improve the London costermongers morally as well as physically , have not been thrown away , we may add the following anecdotes . In 1872 a costermonger named Darby , plying his itinerant trade in the densely packed and comfortless region immediately eastward of the City of London , was one day driving his donkey-cart , laden with cheap fish from Billingsgate . The poor donkey accidentally put his foot into a plug-hole , fell , and broke his leg between the knee and the fetlock — pitching his master out of the cart , and seriously bruising him . His brother-costers advised Darby to kill the animal at once , as no one had ever heard of a donkey 's broken leg being healed . But Darby would not listen to this . He took the donkey home , and made a temporary bed for him in the only sitting-room . The man and his wife tended the poor animal , which often groaned with pain . The wife was a washerwoman at the East London Hospital , but she did not grudge to the poor donkey a little of that time which was so valuable to her . A kind lady then undertook to take charge of the donkey until cured , at a place twelve or fourteen miles from London . With bandaging and careful treatment , aided by the benefit of pure fresh air , the leg became sound in eighteen months ; and Darby had a good reply to make to those companions who had said to him : ‘ Kill it , old fellow ; it will never be able to get up again . First loss is the best ; nobody can set a donkey 's leg . Kill it , old fellow , at once ! ’ The kind-hearted costermonger became known as ‘ Darby , the donkey 's friend . ’ A testimonial was presented to him by the Ladies ’ Committee of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ; and he is justly proud of it . As we write , a paragraph appears in The Times , communicated by an observer . ‘ Having occasion to pass through Whitecross Street on Thursday evening , my attention was attracted to some fine turnips on a coster 's barrow . Retaining my boyish fondness for a raw turnip , I at once selected one , and putting my hand into my pocket , paid , as I thought , two halfpence , the price charged . I had scarcely advanced a hundred yards , when a tap on my shoulder caused me to halt ; and lo ! the woman from whom I had made my last purchase accosted me . “ What did you give me ? ” she said . I told her as above , when she opened her hand and displayed two bright shillings , which I had given her by mistake , and which she now returned . Thanking the woman for her honesty , I rectified the matter , reflecting on my way home that the labours of Lord Shaftesbury and his worthy coadjutors among the costermongers could not have been spent in vain ; for the cleanliness , civility , and “ honour bright ” of these small traders are very evident to those who knew the locality ten years ago . ’ Our task is ended . We have told all we know about the costermongers , and no doubt much that we have said is not new to many of our readers ; but in the way we put it , good may be effected , as shewing the degree of social progress in an industrious and useful class in the metropolis . Donkeys can of course never attain to the beauty , the strength , and the value of the horse . We may admit their inferiority to ponies ; but as docile , kept at little expense , and useful in various departments of labour , they have their appointed place in creation . They offer themselves as the poor man 's friend and servant . In what numberless cases , as is exemplified by the London costers , might they be employed to meliorate a lot sometimes very hard to bear ! We do not bespeak for them more consideration than they deserve . All we expect is that they shall not be treated as abject and worthless . Let us appreciate their unobtrusive willingness to serve to the best of their ability . They ask little , and let that little be conceded . We do not look for elegant turn-outs of donkeys , though we believe the example of a donkey-phaeton has been set by the Baroness Burdett-Coutts , who is never wanting where the welfare of the lower animals is concerned . From our own personal experience , we may tell of employing Donald , our pet donkey , to draw a light four-wheeled phaeton , holding two persons . In bright harness , enlivened with jingling bells , he proceeds on a drive of eight to ten miles with the speed of a quick-trotting pony , and with a cheerfulness which it does one good to look at . W. C . A CAST OF THE NET . THE STORY OF A DETECTIVE OFFICER . IN FOUR CHAPTERS .— CHAPTER I . Any one who feels the slightest curiosity as to the date of my story , can tell pretty nearly when its events occurred , by various incidents mentioned in it , and which the public know quite as much about as I do ; but I do not feel inclined , for certain reasons of my own , to identify the precise date or to name the exact spot at which I was employed in the business . It was a case for the police — for the detective police — and I was the detective employed . Now you must understand that I was not at this time regarded as a regular detective ; I was a sergeant in what we will call the ‘ A ’ division , and I did ordinary duty ; but though I was not yet on the regular detective staff , somehow or another I was very often taken from my usual work and put on all sorts of jobs , sometimes fifty or a hundred miles in the country ; and I was once paid a very high compliment by the chief magistrate — of course I mean at Bow Street . He said : ‘ Nickham , you 're not a regular detective , are you ? ’ ‘ No , your Worship , ’ I said ; ‘ I am not . ’ ‘ Well , Nickham , you 're worth a dozen of them ; and I have made a special note of your conduct , and shall send it on to the Commissioner . ’ The Commissioner was old Sir Richard Mayne then . And that 's how I got to be a sergeant ; but it was only because I was lucky in two or three cases which the chief magistrate happened to notice . Well , I was one night at the section-house , for I was n't on duty ( I do n't mean the station-house ; the section-house is a place where our men lodge , perhaps fifteen or twenty together , or more ) ; and I was sitting in the large room by myself ; for it was a fine evening , and none of the men cared much about chess or draughts or things of that kind . I was reading the paper by myself , when the door opened and one of our people looked in . It was Inspector Maffery ; and I was very much surprised to see him there , as our place was quite out of his district . Seeing I was by myself , he said : ‘ Oh ! ’ in a tone which shewed he was pleased at it , and turning to some one outside , he said : ‘ Come in , sir ; the party is here by himself . ’ With this , a tall , stout , gray-whiskered gentleman came in . Inspector Maffery closed the door after him , and not only did that , but shot the bolt , and then coming to me at the table , says : ‘ Nickham , this is Mr Byrle , the celebrated engineer that you have heard of . ’ Of course I had heard of him ; in fact I once had a cousin who worked in his factory . So I bowed and made a civil remark . Then Inspector Maffery went on to say : ‘ This , Mr Byrle , is Sergeant Nickham , one of our most active men , as I have told you , and who , I think , is just the man for you . This place is very safe ; and as I have bolted the door , and the men below know I am here , there will be no interruption ; and you can say anything you wish to Nickham as well here as anywhere . ’ So they sat down ; and with a very polite speech , for he was really a gentleman , Mr Byrle told me what he wanted . He made a long story of it ; I shall not ; but the public have really no idea of putting facts well together , and presenting them without any excrescences , if I may say so . However , I listened patiently , and found out what was required . It seemed that his factory had been robbed on several nights , in spite of an extra watchman being put on ; and only the completely finished and most expensive engine-fittings were taken ; shewing that the thief , whoever he was , knew what things to take , where to find them , and where to dispose of them . The robberies were mortifying , because they proved , as all such things do , that the firm were employing a thief , and trusting some one who was deceiving them . The loss of these fittings often delayed other work seriously ; and above all , it was considered that it demoralised all the factory ( where best part of a thousand hands were employed ) , by shewing that the firm could be robbed with impunity . So , although it was hardly the sort of business which a first-rate man was required to work ; and though I say it myself , and though spite and envy in certain quarters kept me off the regular staff , there was not a better man in London than I was , and our people knew it ; yet I listened very patiently , and asked such questions as occurred to me . For a civilian , Mr Byrle seemed pretty sharp at catching my drift ; while as an old hand , and knowing what was best with the public , Inspector Maffery sat without saying a word , or one now and again at the most , leaving Mr Byrle to settle things for himself . I then roughly sketched out a scheme , which in a few words I laid before the gentleman . ‘ I understand your plan entirely , Mr Nickham , ’ said the old gentleman ; ‘ and the sooner you begin , the better , for I feel we shall be successful . Mr Maffery assures me you can be relieved from your duty here at any time ; so I trust there will be no delay . I have said money is not to stop you , and you will take this on account of expenses — when exhausted , let me know . ’ With that he handed me a bank-note , and I thanked him , and of course promised to do my best . Then Inspector Maffery said : ‘ I will see to all the essentials , Nickham , so make your preparations as soon as you can . ’ Now I liked Maffery very well , and he was certainly one of our best inspectors ; but all this civility , taking trouble off my hands and so forth , merely told me that Mr Byrle was a most liberal party , and that Maffery believed he had got hold of a good thing . Mr Byrle shook hands with me , and they went away together , leaving me to think over the business . I must confess I was a little disappointed — although I could see I was likely to be well paid for my work — in being set at such a very commonplace job as this . After I had traced Lady Brightley 's jewels ( the reader does not remember this , I daresay , as it was kept very quiet , but I got praised for my management of the case ) , I thought I should have been selected for the most important work ; and when Inspector Maffery brought Mr Byrle in , I really hoped it was about the great Bank-paper robbery . The reader is quite aware , I have no doubt , that Bank of England notes are printed on paper specially made for the purpose , and that no other paper has three rough edges , the only clean-cut edge being where the two notes have been separated — and this is one of the great tests of a genuine note . It will be recollected too , how a great quantity of this paper was stolen from the mills at Alverstoke , and the Bank was in a terrible state about it , because as for engraving and all that handicraft sort of work — why , bless me ! there 's men by the dozen in England and on the continent too — I know some of them — who could print off a note with all the little touches on which the examiners rely , as perfectly imitated as if they had worked for the Bank for years . So when the gang got hold of the genuine paper , it was a serious matter . They took the principal thief , however , and got the paper back . A desperate service it was too , as B ——, the chief man in the affair , was one of the most resolute and desperate roughs in London ; and the officers that took him ran great risk , and deserved great praise . Of course the public rejoicing was very great , because nobody had known when the bad notes might come into circulation ; but we knew , some of us , that it was all a sham , that a lot of the paper was still missing , and that if the right man got hold of it , there would soon be thousands of forged notes — all fives probably — flying about . It was pretended that all the paper was got back , or that the Bank people thought so , on purpose to make the holders of the remainder think that the hunt was given up ; but it was no such thing . Two or three of the best men in the force were to continue the search , and I had hoped I should be selected ; but I was told I would not do , because I could not speak any foreign language , and it was thought the men might have to go abroad after the paper . For all that , when I saw Inspector Maffery come in with Mr Byrle , I thought , as I just said , that I was to be chosen . However , I had found out my mistake ; and I was thinking over my instructions , when the door opened again . I did not look up at first , supposing it was one of our men ; but a cough attracting my attention , I turned round . I saw a slight-built , rather under-sized young fellow , with something of a foreign cut about him , very good-looking though , and a most uncommonly piercing eye ; and he at once said : ‘ I am Mr Byrle 's clerk , and have been waiting for him , and he wishes to know where he is to see you ? ’ ‘ To see me ? ’ I said . ‘ Why — does he want to see me ? ’ ‘ I think what Mr Byrle means is , that in case he wants to speak to you , where shall he find you ? ’ replied the young fellow . ‘ You see I do n't know much of the business myself ; I only know he has engaged you as a detective . ’ ‘ And that 's more than you ought to have known , ’ I said ; ‘ however , Mr Byrle knows his own business best . Tell him that of course he can always hear of me under the name agreed upon , at the Yarmouth Smack , where I shall lodge . ’ ‘ Under what name , did you say ? ’ asks the clerk . ‘ I did n't say any name , and I do n't mean to say any name , ’ was my answer . ‘ If Mr Byrle wants any more information , he had better write . ’ ‘ Oh , very well , ’ says he , quite short and sharp , for I supposed he did not like my manner , and away he goes . I sat and thought , or tried to think , but I could not get on so well as before ; the visit of that young fellow had unaccountably upset me , and I could not settle down again . Then in came first one , then another , then two or three of our men , and so I got up and went out . I had hardly turned the corner , when I met Inspector Maffery , and it was pretty easy to see by his rosy cheeks and unsteady eye what he had been up to . ‘ Off for a meditative stroll , I suppose , Mr Nickham ? ’ he says . ‘ You are the boy for my money . ’ ‘ I 'm glad to hear it , Inspector , ’ I said . ‘ But I do n't think much of Mr Byrle 's clerk , nor of Mr Byrle himself for his judgment in sending him to me . ’ ‘ Mr Byrle 's clerk ! ’ he says ; and then repeats it : ‘ Mr Byrle 's clerk ! ’ ‘ Ah ! ’ I said , ‘ Mr Byrle 's clerk . He came with a message from Mr Byrle to know where he should meet me if he wanted to see me . I had already settled with him how I would call at his manager 's private house with my report , whenever I had anything to say ; and he ought to have been satisfied with that . ’ ‘ You are making some mistake here , Sergeant Nickham , ’ says Inspector Maffery . ‘ Mr Byrle had no clerk with him ; and moreover than that , I 've been with him myself till the last five minutes ; till he got into the train in fact , and can swear he never spoke to anybody but myself from the time I left you . ’ ‘ Then there 's a screw loose ! ’ I said ; ‘ there 's a something wrong here , Inspector , and we have got to deal with some uncommonly deep files . They have scored the first notch in the game , that 's clear ; but perhaps we can turn the tables on them all the better for it . ’ ‘ If there 's a man in the force as can do it , Sergeant Nickham , you are that man , ’ says Inspector Maffery ; ‘ I 'll trust it to you ; for my head just now is n't up to the polishing off of such a business . But do what you like . ’ ‘ Can I have Peter Tilley for a week , Inspector ? ’ I said . ‘ Have half a dozen for a month , if you like , ’ he answered : ‘ Mr Byrle is that much in earnest , Sergeant Nickham , and he is that rich and liberal , that he would buy up half a division rather than be beaten . So pick who you like , and keep them as long as you like . I will see you all right . ’ ‘ Very good , Inspector , ’ I said . ‘ Then I will have Peter to-morrow ; and do n't make any report of this little adventure , not even to Mr Byrle . I think I see the little game , and I will try to spoil it . ’ If I had had any doubt as to the Inspector having had quite enough brandy-and-water with Mr Byrle ( it was sure to be brandy-and-water , for Inspector Maffery never touched anything else ; he said it was ordered for his liver ) — I say if I had felt any doubt before , I should have had none after the way he wrung my hand and said : ‘ If there 's a man in the force as can do credit to the force and bring ‘ em through in triumph , that man is Sergeant Nickham . ’ And so , with another squeeze of my hand , he walked away with a step so excessively solemn and stately , that it was only a little better — a very little — than staggering across the pavement , in the way of telling what was the matter with him ; but Inspector Maffery was not a bad fellow , and never curried favour with those above him by worrying and spying on those below him , and so we liked the old boy . Now this was a very awkward incident — I mean of course about the clerk — and shewed me that my work had already begun , and was likely to be a little more intricate than I had expected . How the stranger came to know so much as he evidently did , I did not trouble myself just then to consider : he did know it ; that was the fact I was concerned with . Why it was worth his while to take so much trouble about a small affair , I did not much care either , though this was more important , as it was evident some one had employed him , for I would swear he was no smith or fitter ; and so it was clear there was a good many in the swim . I do n't mean to use any slang if I can help it , but ‘ swim ’ is a regular word , you know , and we can n't do without it . My mind was at once made up ; I was always very quick in making up my mind , and prided myself upon it . I am bound to admit I often got wrong through it , but perhaps no oftener than people who were slower ; and I took care to make a good deal of the times when I was right , and so that covered everything . Now , Peter Tilley , the officer I had asked for , was a man as much about my size and build and colour of hair and eyes , as if he had been my twin-brother ; and indeed he was not much unlike me in his features . Any one who knew us would not mistake us for each other , but a casual acquaintance might do so . I was wearing then rather extensive moustaches and whiskers ; they gave me quite a military cut ; and they were not common in the force then , though any man wears them now that chooses . I at once determined to shave them off — for I never allowed personal considerations to interfere with business — and make Tilley wear a set of false articles as much like my own as possible ; and this I knew would immensely increase his resemblance to me as I appeared that day , while I should of course look very unlike myself . Then I would send Tilley to the Yarmouth Smack — which was a public-house at which , under some disguise , I had agreed to lodge while on my search — and he could keep his eyes open for anything going on ; but he was not to trouble himself much . It was uncommonly likely , I thought , that the spies — for I did n't doubt there was more than one — would make sure that Smith or Brown or Jones , or whatever Tilley called himself , the lodger at the Yarmouth Smack , was Sergeant Nickham , and so , as long as they kept him in sight , they had the trump-card , if I may be bold enough to say so , in their hands . And if I had not met Inspector Maffery when I did , when the clerk 's visit was fresh upon me , and I was rather out of temper about it , I should probably never have thought of mentioning the matter , and the detective work would have begun on the wrong side . Byrle & Co .' s factory was close to the Thames , and had a wharf in connection with it , and one waterside public-house would do as well for me as another . In fact , as the receiver was as likely to live on the opposite bank as on their own , I might actually gain by living at some place with the river between me and the factory , for a boat could easier cross the river in the dark than a cart could drive through the narrow streets and lanes without being noticed . I told Tilley as much of my plan as was necessary ; he was delighted to help me , for he fancied I was a rising man , and it was something of an honour to work with me . He was willing enough to wear the moustache too ; indeed this was such a common and natural sort of disguise , that it was adopted quite as a matter of course . I did not tell him that I wished him to be mistaken for me ; I took care to choose the moustache and whisker ; but it never occurred to him why that particular style was chosen ; nor did I tell him , or Inspector Maffery or Mr Byrle , that I was going to shave . There 's nothing like keeping your own counsel in these cases ; and I resolved that if I had occasion to report anything to the inspector ( for he was supposed to have the case in hand ) , I would actually wear a false moustache myself ; but it was specially arranged that I should not go near any of the authorities until I thought it desirable , for Mr Byrle was of opinion that if the least suspicion got afloat with regard to myself , the men who were robbing him were quite fly to watching where I went . ( I am afraid I have dropped into slang again ; to be ‘ fly ’ to a thing , means that you are up to it , or down to it , as some prefer to say .) Well , this was Mr Byrle 's opinion , and I am bound to say , after the visit of the sham clerk , it was mine too . OUR IRON-CLADS . In our ballad literature not a little is heard of ‘ the wooden walls of Old England . ’ History is so full of exploits by three-deckers and frigates , that one feels as if the general disuse of these engines of naval warfare would lead to national disaster . England , however , does not stand alone in exchanging wooden walls for iron-clads of an entirely new type . All the navies of the world have been thus transformed in the twenty years which have elapsed since our last great war . There are ships of war now afloat which could single-handed meet and defeat the whole fleet that followed Nelson and Collingwood at Trafalgar . These great changes have been brought about by the use of armour-plating , the growth of the guns , the improvement of marine engines , and the adoption of machinery to aid in the working and the fighting of the ship . We remember a few months ago hearing one of our admirals , a man of the old school , talking of naval war . ‘ In past times , ’ he said , ‘ war was all courage and chivalry . What is it now ? Cunning and machinery ! ’ And to some extent he was right . Cunning and machinery will play a great part in the naval battles of the future ; but of course there must be courage , and iron courage too , behind them , or iron plates and monster guns will avail but little . In the new class of war-vessels , the massive plates are bolted on to iron frames ; the only wood is the ‘ backing ’ of Indian teak behind and sometimes between them . Oak , so far as beams and planks are concerned , has disappeared from the navy . The ‘ hearts of oak ’ are left , however , it is to be hoped , in the brave fellows who happily still man our new navy . Our Navy List tells us that we have something like eight hundred ships of war , including in round numbers sixty iron-clads . These figures given in this way of course require some explanation . In the list are included gun-boats , tenders , store-ships , tug-boats , old wooden ships which are really waiting to be broken up , training-ships , and wooden guard-ships stationed at various ports . Our fighting navy really consists of the iron-clads and the unarmoured cruisers built for high speed ; to these we may add gun-boats of a recent type built to carry one very heavy gun . And with regard to the iron-clads it must be noted that even they are not all fitted to take a place in line of battle . Many of them are ships built from 1861 to 1864 , having very thin armour , comparatively light guns , and we fear in many cases worn-out boilers . The Warrior , our first real iron-clad man-of-war ( for we can hardly count as such the floating batteries ) , was launched in 1861 . She was built on the lines of a fast sailing-ship , and has none of the heaviness of form which was unavoidably given to most of her successors . When she was launched , armour was still in the region of doubtful projects , and it was considered a remarkable success to give her four-and-a-half-inch plates on her central portion only , for the ends were wholly unprotected . The Warrior too was an enormously long ship — no less than three hundred and eighty feet from stem to stern ; but even this length was exceeded in the sister ships Northumberland and Minotaur . These ships are neither strong in armour nor handy in man œ uvring ; they have of course their uses , but they cannot be compared with the later ships constructed when we had acquired some practical knowledge of what an iron-clad should be . As soon as it was recognised that rapidity in man œ uvring — in other words , power of turning easily and certainly — was a necessary quality of a good iron-clad , ships were built much broader in proportion to their length ; and this facility of man œ uvring was further increased by the general introduction of the twin-screw ; that is , the placing of two screw propellers one on each side of the stern-post , each being independent of the other ; so that one or both can be used to drive the ship ; or one can be reversed while the other continues driving ahead ; thus enabling the ship to turn as easily as a boat when the oarsman backs water with one hand and continues pulling with the other . While the increase of armour kept pace with the growth of the guns , and rose gradually from four inches on the Warrior to two feet on the Inflexible , a species of internal defence was gradually developed by the division of the ship into numerous compartments ; so that if she were pierced below the water-line by the explosion of a torpedo or the blow of an enemy 's ram , the water would only partially fill her , and she would still be able to keep afloat . All the later iron-clads have a double bottom , the space between the inner and outer bottom being divided into numerous cells . The body of the ship is divided by the water-tight bulkheads extending from side to side , and from the bottom to the upper deck . To these transverse bulkheads Mr Barnaby , the present chief constructor , has added in all the iron-clads which he has designed a longitudinal bulkhead extending from stem to stern , and dividing the ship into two halves in the direction of her length . Further , there are minor compartments formed by strong bulkheads , designed for the protection of the engines and boilers . In a large ship these compartments of various kinds are very numerous ; the Inflexible contains upwards of one hundred and twenty ; great care , therefore , has to be taken in planning them , in order to insure that this isolation of the various parts of the ship may not interfere with the working of her guns , engines , and steering apparatus while she is in action . Side by side with this development of defensive power , there went on an equally rapid development of machinery and mechanical appliances for the working of the ship . The first necessity of an iron-clad is powerful engines , to drive her at a speed of thirteen or fourteen knots an hour on an emergency , though of course in ordinary times a much lower rate of speed is considered sufficient , and the engines work at half their power , or are stopped entirely , while the ship proceeds on her way under sail . But the propulsion of the ship is only one of the numerous duties to be discharged by this new adoption of steam , a power which was only just really establishing itself in our navy when we went to war with Russia in 1854 . An iron-clad does not carry anything like the crew that used to be put on board of an old three-decker . Eleven hundred men used to be the complement of a ship of one hundred and thirty-one guns ; one-third of the number is more than the crew of some of our most formidable vessels of to-day . In former days guns could be handled and worked by men and even by boys , provided the number of hands were sufficient ; and nowadays it is very different work running in and out guns weighing thirty-five , thirty-eight , and eighty-one tons , and dragging along and ramming down shot and shell weighing from six hundred pounds up to three-quarters of a ton , and cartridges each of which contains perhaps more than two barrels of gunpowder . This kind of fighting is work for giants , and so the giant Steam lends his strong hand to do it . Steam turns the turrets of the monitor , steam exerts its force through the medium of hydraulic machinery , checks the recoil of the heavy gun as it runs in , forces the mechanical sponge into its bore , works the shot-lift that brings up the ammunition , works the rammer that drives it home into the gun ; finally runs the gun out and points it , the huge gun raising or lowering its muzzle , or turning to right or left , as the captain of its crew touches a valve-handle or presses down a little lever . But steam is not applied to the guns only ; it works the windlasses , winches , and capstans that raise the anchors , braces up the yards , and lifts stores and heavy weights in and out of the ship , or moves them from place to place . It furnishes power to the steering apparatus , works the pumps , keeps the ventilating fans going ; and in ships that shew the electric light at night it drives the electrical apparatus . Engines are made to start engines in some of the newer iron-clads . Instead of moving heavy levers when he wishes to set the engines going , the engineer just touches a miniature engine , which moves the levers of the larger engines for him . And all these more important engines are multiplied and made to act either together or separately , so that in the event of one being disabled , others are left to do its work . We hear of ships of war being fitted with twenty or thirty engines , without counting sundry smaller ones . Those of the turret-ship Temeraire are thus divided — two main engines for propelling the ship , with two starting engines ; four feed engines , two circulating engines , two bilge engines , four fan engines , one capstan engine , one steering engine , two pumping engines connected with the hydraulic loading-gear , two turning engines for rotating the turn-tables or turrets , two engines to pump water in case of fire , four engines for hoisting out ashes , one engine for condensing air in working the Whitehead torpedo , and an engine for the electric light apparatus . Admiral Fellowes had such ships as these in his mind when , speaking before a committee of the Admiralty , he said : ‘ Men-of-war now are nothing more nor less than floating machines ; there are the steam capstans , the steam steering-gear ; every portion of your guns , slides , and carriages worked by steam ; there are the double bottom and the inner bottom , and everything connected with the machinery ; in fact the whole ship is now a floating machine , and is more or less under the control of the chief engineer . ’ In all our great naval wars , our ships had only a single weapon , the gun , and this not a very heavy one , for the highest limit of naval ordnance was the sixty-eight pounder , which indeed was looked upon as a very terrible weapon . To the guns of nowadays , the old thirty-two and sixty-eight pounders are mere pop-guns . There is the huge eighty-one-ton gun , twenty-four feet long , and six feet thick at the breech , its huge shot of fifteen hundred pounds being capable of penetrating thirty inches of armour . There is the thirty-eight-ton gun , whose shot of six or seven hundred pounds weight has smashed a thirteen-inch plate at a thousand yards . Then there are guns of six-and-a-half , nine , twelve , eighteen , and twenty-five tons , with projectiles weighing from one to six hundred pounds , all of them capable of piercing armour , against which the old naval guns would be as useless as a schoolboy 's squirt . But the gun does not stand alone . There are two other weapons , either of which is more terrible , and in certain cases more effective than the heaviest gun afloat . These are the ram and the torpedo , the latter of which has recently been described in these columns . Let us , however , have a look at the ram . In the old days , the ship herself had no attacking power . She fought with her guns ; or else she was laid alongside of her enemy , and the crew with axe , pike , and cutlass clambered over the bulwarks and on to the hostile decks , which they cleared by hand-to-hand fighting . Probably no iron-clad will ever be laid alongside of another to board her . Were an iron-clad to go into action , all the openings in the deck would be closed , and every one , even the steersman , under cover . Many modern ships could continue a fight successfully with a hundred or a hundred and fifty boarders in possession of the upper deck ; and their own turret guns , or the fire of friendly ships , would clear away the intruders if necessary . Thus , in the recent war between Paraguay and Brazil , during one of the river engagements , a Paraguayan ship ran alongside of a Brazilian turret-ship and sent a crowd of boarders on to her iron decks . They met with no opposition ; the round turret in front of them continued its fire against a Paraguayan monitor ; while another Brazilian monitor sent volley after volley of grape-shot sweeping across the decks of her consort . In a few minutes they were clear . The Paraguayan boarders had been killed , had jumped into the water , or had escaped to one of their own ships . This , we believe , is the only attempt on record at boarding an iron-clad ; its failure shews how hopeless such an enterprise is against a ship the possession of whose deck does not give any control over her movements or those of her crew . It is therefore probable that it will be only in the most exceptional cases that iron-clads will approach each other with the object of boarding . If they do come to close quarters , it will be only to use the ram . This idea of fighting with the ram is a very old one . The beak was the weapon of the ancient navies of the Mediterranean , and the beak was what we now call the ram . It is quite evident that to make the ship herself , weighing from nine to twelve thousand tons , take the place of the projectile , by driving her at a high speed against a hostile vessel , is to use a weapon more powerful than the heaviest gun . A ship like the Inflexible or the Sultan , with a speed of ten or twelve knots an hour , will strike a heavier blow than a shot from even the eighty-one-ton gun would give at a range of a few hundred yards ; and while the injury done by the shot will probably be above the water-line , the ram will cut the hostile vessel down from above the water-line perhaps almost to the keel . Every one remembers how the Iron Duke sank the Vanguard by an accidental collision at a low rate of speed . But in this case the injury was such that the Vanguard did not sink for nearly an hour . Much more terrible was the sinking of the iron-clad Re d'Italia in the battle of Lissa in 1866 . The Austrian admiral found himself inferior in gun-power to the Italian ships ; he therefore decided on using the ram as much as possible . ‘ I rammed away at everything I saw painted gray , ’ he said himself in describing the action . One of these gray ships was the splendid iron-clad Re d'Italia , which struck fair amidships by Tegethoff 's bow , went to the bottom of the Adriatic with all her crew in less than a minute . We believe that this use of the ram will play a great part in any future English naval engagement . Such are the means of defence and attack possessed by our fleet . There has never yet been anything like a grand engagement between two great iron-clad navies ; when that takes place , we shall see what the new naval warfare really is ; meanwhile one thing is quite certain — that iron-clads are neither as handy nor as comfortable as the grand old ships of say forty years ago . Sailors in the royal navy have had to exchange the well-lighted , airy lower-decks of the line-of-battle ship for the hot dark ‘ compartments ’ of the iron-clad ; for oil-lamps , hot rooms , and artificial ventilation , and perhaps the prospect of being battered with monster guns or blown up with torpedoes . This change of conditions may have serious consequences , not contemplated by designers of iron-clads . At present the crews of these vessels have been nearly all engaged as boys , put on board training-ships . They turn out a fine set of young men , but they do not remain in the service . Before they are thirty , most of them have gone , and are engaged in employment on shore , or in yachts , or in ocean steam lines . We believe there will be also a growing difficulty in procuring a good set of officers , including surgeons , for the iron-clads . Young men of good education , with numerous openings for them in civil life , do not like to be immured in dark floating hulks , with the risk at any moment of being helplessly sent to the bottom of the sea . We at anyrate know the fact of two young men trained as surgeons for the royal navy who on these grounds have shrunk from following their intended profession . In short , science may invent ships of overpowering destructive grandeur , but it cannot invent men who will agree to live under conditions of dismal discomfort in these floating dungeons . Such , we imagine , will be found to be weak points in a navy of iron-clads . Nor can we look with indifference on the many instances of disaster in the mere working of these new-fashioned vessels . Explosions and other fatalities follow in pretty quick succession . Furnaces and steam-machinery are constantly going wrong . Shafts and bearers are going wrong . There seems to be such a complication in all departments , that one can have little confidence in matters going quite right in case of that kind of active service involved in absolute warfare . A contemplation of these several contingencies , it must be owned , is far from pleasant . Since this article was written , news has come of a successful naval engagement which shews that our sailors are as brave and as skilful as ever they were . One day last May a rebel Peruvian iron-clad , the Huascar , having committed piratical acts in the Pacific , was attacked by two of our fine wooden cruisers , the Shah and the Amethyst . The two English wooden ships fairly beat the iron-clad turret-ship , which was so damaged that the rebel crew were only too glad to go into harbour and surrender to the Peruvian authorities . This is the first English action with an iron-clad ; and slight as it is in itself , the fact that our ships were only wooden cruisers meant for no such severe work , gives it some importance , and makes the victory a legitimate cause for well-founded satisfaction . THE ‘ SOFTIE 'S ’ DREAM . IN TWO CHAPTERS .— CHAPTER I . In the fertile valley of the river Suck , just where some years ago such consternation was created by a portion of the Bog of Allen shewing an inclination to settle for good , there stood many years since a farm-house of rather a better class than any of those in the immediate neighbourhood , or indeed in any of the adjacent villages . The house stood a little off the high-road from Castlerea to Loughlinn , and few people who passed failed to observe its well-to-do , comfortable appearance and ‘ smug ’ haggard ( steading ) . Its occupier , Owen Kearney , was a very hard-working sober man , who not only minded his own business , but let his neighbours ’ affairs alone . He was never in arrears with his rent , had his turf cut a year in advance , and got his crops down first and in earliest ; so that it was not without some reason that people said he was the most comfortable farmer in the village of Glenmadda . Added to being the most industrious , Owen Kearney was ( what few tenant farmers in the west of Ireland were thirty years ago ) something of a speculator . He did not tie his savings up in an old stocking and hide it in the thatch of the barn or cow-house , as the majority of his neighbours who had any savings usually did ; but despite the repeated warnings of Shaun More Morris , the philosopher and wiseacre of the village , invested in new and improved farming implements and in horses , of which he was not unjustly considered the best judge in the County Roscommon . As he did all his business when he was perfectly sober , he seldom had any cause to complain of his bargain ; and the ‘ luck-penny , ’ instead of spending in the public-house , he made a rule of giving to the priest for the poor of the parish . Not being in the habit of gossiping either about his own or his neighbours ’ affairs , no one could form any correct idea of how rich Owen Kearney really was ; but it was generally known that he kept his money at the bank , as on fair and market days he went into that building with his pockets well filled and came out with them empty , and mounting his cob , rode home quietly , long before the fun or the faction fights commenced . Not so , however , the younger of his two sons , Larry , a wild restless lad of seventeen , on whom neither the precept nor example of his father and brother seemed to have the least influence . Martin , the eldest , was steady and thoughtful like his father ; but Larry , with his boisterous laugh and ready joke , dancing blue eyes and flaxen hair , never spent a minute in thinking during his life . While he worked , which was not often , he was as good as two , his father used to say ; and ‘ when he took his divarsion he was the divil at it , ’ Martin used to add good-naturedly . Innumerable were the scrapes Larry got into , and miraculous were the methods by which he managed to extricate himself . There was not a wake , wedding , or christening for miles round that he was not to be found at . No merry-gathering or fair was complete without him ; and it was almost a proverb that Larry Kearney was the last to sit down wherever there was a dance , and the first to shake a shillelah wherever there was a shindy . Of course he was his mother 's favourite ; such boys invariably are . She shut her eyes to his faults , supplied him with money without any questions , and being a very religious woman , or what in that part of Ireland is termed a voteen , she atoned for all his shortcomings . There was another member of Owen Kearney 's family as full of fun and mischief in her way as Larry ; this was Dora Costello , the farmer 's orphan niece . Little Dora , everybody called her , because , when she lost her own father and mother , and went to live with her uncle and aunt , she was a little toddling thing of three years old . At the time this story tells of she was a fine girl of seventeen , tall , finely formed , and as graceful as a willow . A fine specimen of an Irish peasant girl was Dora Costello , with her red-and-white complexion , merry changeable hazel eyes , and rich , reddish auburn hair . There was not a farmer 's daughter within many a mile who could scutch or spin as much flax of an evening , nor one who could better milk a cow or make a roll of butter . Bright , intelligent , and good-tempered , with a tongue as ready as her fingers , and a sense of humour as rich as her brogue , Dora was a general favourite , and as a natural consequence had numerous admirers . Being by nature somewhat of a coquette , she managed to play them off one against another with an ease and grace which a London belle might have envied , keeping good friends with all , and giving none the slightest preference . But when it came to a question of marriage , it was a different thing altogether . Dora declared she was very happy with her uncle and aunt , and unceremoniously refused all the eligible young men in her own and the next village , declaring of each in turn that she would ‘ as soon marry Barney Athleague . ’ Long ago , in almost every Irish village there was to be found hanging about the farm-houses some poor half-witted creature , called in one place an onsha , in others an omadthaun , and in the County Roscommon a softie . They were boys without any knowledge of who their parents had been , cast as children on the charity of some village , from which they usually took their names , as Johnnie Loughlinn , and Barney Athleague . How Barney came to make his way to Glenmadda no one knew , but one day when about ten years old he was seen following a hunt . Stumbling over a loose stone , he sprained his ankle , and so was thrown on the protection of the villagers . A glance at the lad 's motley appearance and vacant face was sufficient to shew what he was ; and as in most parts of Ireland , as in Germany , there exists amongst the peasantry a sort of superstitious regard for silly people , poor Barney found food and shelter , now from one , now from another , as indeed the softies invariably did ; in return for which they ran on errands and looked after the pigs and poultry , and were always at hand in an emergency . As a rule , the softie looked a great deal bigger fool than he really was . He contrived to live and be fed , clothed and lodged without working . He made himself at home everywhere , was generally treated very well , and never by any chance treated badly . He knew everybody 's business ( for curiosity was one of his virtues or vices ) , and with the special advantage that people thought he knew nothing at all . All sorts of matters were discussed freely round the hearth in his presence , he meantime staring into the fire , sucking his fingers , or rolling on the floor with the dog , no more heeded than that animal ; yet all the while drinking in the conversation , and with a sort of crooked wisdom treasuring it up . Animal tastes and instincts were generally the most marked in the softie ; as a rule , he was greedy , selfish , and uncleanly in his habits , violent in his antipathies , yet with a capacity for attaching himself with a strong dog-like fidelity and affection to a friend . Such was Barney Athleague — perhaps a trifle better and more intelligent than the generality of his class ; and there was no place in the village where he spent so much of his time , or was so well treated , as at Owen Kearney 's ; first , because they were naturally kindly people ; and next , Mrs Kearney 's religious feelings made her especially good to the poor and friendless ; and there was no person in the whole world whom the softie cared so much about as Dora . Wherever she went , Barney was not far behind . He was always ready to do anything in the world she asked him , no matter how wearisome or hazardous . When she was a child , he climbed the highest trees to get her birds ’ nests , tumbled like a spaniel into the river to get her lilies , and walked miles and miles to recover a pet kid of hers which had gone astray . As she grew older , he carried her cans when she went milking , fed her poultry , and in short waited on her and followed her about like a lapdog . It was great fun to the ‘ boys ’ who used to assemble in the farmer 's kitchen of a winter 's evening to tell stories and gossip , to see Barney fly into a furious passion if any one he did not like touched Dora , or even put his hand upon her dress . One of the persons the poor softie most cordially detested was Larry Kearney ; perhaps because the young man was too fond of teasing him , or else too much given to sitting beside Dora . How or whatever the cause , the poor fool hated him ; but with a prudence which one would hardly have expected in a softie , he kept his opinions to himself , and watched his enemy like a lynx . Not once or twice he saw the young man descend from the loft where he slept with Luke the ‘ help , ’ after the family were sound asleep , and opening the door , steal noiselessly from the house ; and after much consideration , Barney at last made up his mind to follow him and learn his destination , nothing doubting but it was the village public-house or shebeen , or the forge , which was often a haunt for the idlers to play cards and get tipsy in . But Larry took the very opposite direction from what the softie imagined . Crossing two or three fields , he skirted a plantation of ash , on the other side of which was a rath or forth , said to be haunted , and the resort of ‘ the good people . ’ The place was very generally avoided after nightfall ; and Barney 's courage was beginning to fail him , when Larry was joined by three or four other young men , which revived his spirits , and nerved him to follow silently and cautiously as a cat . On rounding the hill he saw there were between thirty and forty persons assembled in a field , and after a few minutes one of them advanced to meet Larry . The softie , on seeing the man approach , concealed himself behind the ferns and brambles , all his curiosity aroused , and strained his ears to catch the conversation ; but the men spoke so indistinctly that he could not distinguish a word till after a little while they drew nearer to his cover . ‘ Look here , Larry , ’ one said , drawing something which gleamed in the moonlight from a cave or hollow in the hill-side , within arm 's length of Barney 's crouching form . ‘ Look , me boy , there 's twoscore pike-heads lying snug enough in there . ’ ‘ Good captain , ’ Larry replied , with his merry laugh , ‘ an ’ there 's two-score “ boys ” ready to handle them . ’ ‘ Yes ; but we want more , ’ the captain said , as he replaced the weapon in the cave , and carefully drew the thick grass , ferns , and blackberry bushes over it . ‘ Did you speak e'er a word to Martin ? ’ Larry laughed again . ‘ Sorra a word , captain ; an ’ if “ Molly ” herself was to go an ’ ax him , he would n't join us , ’ he said ; ‘ an ’ bedad , maybe he might inform ! ’ he added merrily — and the men moved away . ‘ Ha , ha ! ’ Barney said to himself as he crept from his hiding-place , and made his way back to the farm-house ; ‘ that 's where Larry goes . An ’ who 's Molly , who 's Molly ? I 'll ask Miss Dora to-morrow who 's Molly ; ’ and with this reflection he crept into his bed and fell asleep . CHAPTER II . ‘ Father , I think I 'd like to join the Volunteers , ’ said Martin Kearney one day , about a month after the above event ; ‘ the country is in a bad way , an ’ it 's time for them that love peace and quietness to spake up . ’ ‘ True for you , Martin ; an ’ if I was younger I 'd do the same thing , ’ Owen Kearney said , looking up from the newspaper , in which he was reading an account of the arrest of several of the rebels known in 184 - as the Molly Maguires , from their having first met in the house of a woman of that name . ‘ It 's bad for the poor boys that went with the “ Mollies ." ’ ‘ Will you join with me , Larry ? ’ Martin asked . But he shook his head , as he replied somewhat hastily : ‘ Not I , faith ; the “ boys ” never did anything to me . ’ ‘ An ’ I 'm not going to do anything to them , ’ answered Martin quietly . ‘ Only , I think it 's right for us to shew that we 're honest Roscommon boys , an ’ have nothing to do with villains who go round the country at night frightening women an ’ children , an ’ murdering poor innocent cattle , not to mention shooting their next-door neighbour from behind a hedge , without any reason . I know I 'd liever be a sheep-stealer than a Molly Maguire ; an ’ to shew I have no dealings with them , I 'll go to-morrow to Boyle an ’ list in the Volunteers . ’ Larry used every argument to prevent his brother going to Boyle as he said , but without any avail ; and early the next morning Martin started to do what numbers of the better class of farmers ’ sons in the vicinity of the small towns had already done . About twelve o'clock on the night that Martin left his home , Owen Kearney and his wife were startled out of their sleep by the softie rushing into their room screaming wildly that he had a dream . ‘ An ’ what was it , Barney ? ’ asked Mrs Kearney kindly . ‘ Do n't be frightened now ; but tell me . ’ ‘ Arrah , ma'am , ’ he sobbed , ‘ I dreamed I saw Martin ; an ’ two men with their faces blackened rode up to him on the plains of Boyle an ’ shot him . Oh , wirra , wirra , one of them was Larry ! ’ Poor Mrs Kearney fell to wringing her hands , and sobbing wildly at the extraordinary dream of the poor fool ; while her husband rushed to his son 's room in the hope of finding Larry ; but his bed was empty , as was that of Luke the servant . Full of terrible forebodings , the farmer began to question Barney more particularly as to his dream ; but he could only repeat again and again that two men fired at Martin on the plains of Boyle ; one of them was Larry , the other was Luke : this he maintained with a persistency which it was almost impossible to doubt . No one thought of returning to bed ; and while they were consulting as to what was best to be done , the softie again uttered a wild shriek , and rolled over on the floor , as a bullet entered the kitchen window and lodged in the opposite wall , followed by another , which whizzed past Owen Kearney 's head . ‘ The Lord have mercy upon us ! ’ he exclaimed , crossing himself devoutly . ‘ Where will it end ? ’ And he held his wife , who was almost insensible from the fright , close in his arms . At that instant a bright light illuminated the whole kitchen ; and in a moment the truth flashed across his brain — his steading was in flames . Not daring to open his door to look out , he tried to think what was best to be done ; for perhaps the house over his head was blazing too , or would be in a few minutes . Casting a hasty glance round , he lifted his wife in his arms , meaning to carry her to the front of the house and out of sight of the flames ; when a violent knocking at the door startled him , and he recognised his niece 's voice demanding admittance . Hastily unbarring it , he saw her accompanied by a party of soldiers , who , when they found no lives had been taken , set to work bravely to protect the property which was yet untouched by the fire . But there was little left for them to do . The cattle had been hamstrung , the horses stolen , and a lighted brand placed in every stack of oats and the thatch of every outhouse . The work of devastation had been done only too well . ‘ They 're taken , uncle — them that set the haggard a-fire , ’ said Dora as soon as she was able to speak . ‘ I brought the soldiers to the house ; and , ’ she added , ‘ one of the villains said he had finished off Owen Kearney . Thank God , it is not true ! ’ and she threw herself into his arms . ‘ Yes ; I heard him , ’ said one of the soldiers ; ‘ and we 've sent him to safer lodgings than we took him from . It seems , Mr Kearney , that your niece was returning home from a visit to a neighbour 's , when she heard two men whispering in the lane at the end of the meadow . As they were in front , and she did n't like their looks , she kept behind , and heard them say that there were two gone to Boyle to look out for the Volunteer , and that they were going to do for old Kearney and his wife , “ string ” the cattle and fire the haggard . Like a sensible girl , she turned round quietly and ran as quick as she could towards Castlerea . By good luck she met us half-way ; and though we were going on another errand , we turned back at once with her , and netted the rascals who did this pretty piece of business .— I sent six men on towards Boyle , to see if they could learn anything of the villains that followed your son , ’ added the sergeant . ‘ Where 's Larry , uncle ? ’ asked Dora , after she had tried ineffectually to console her aunt . ‘ Why is n't he here ? ’ ‘ You 're all I have now , alanna , ’ Kearney said , pressing her to his breast . ‘ Martin is gone , and Larry is gone . Well , well , God is good . ’ ‘ Miss Dora , Miss Dora ! ’ cried Barney Athleague faintly , ‘ come here a minute . ’ In the general confusion , every one had forgotten the poor softie , who lay on the floor quite insensible . ‘ What is it , Barney ? Are ye hurt ? ’ inquired Dora , bending over him . ‘ Not much ; only my back is bad , and I can n't lift my legs . Tell your uncle Owen Kearney that Martin is n't dead . He 's lyin ’ on the settle in a shebeen with his hand on his side , calling “ Dora , Dora ! ” I see him — sure I see him ; and Larry an ’ Luke is took ; the sogers is bringing them to Roscommon . Oh , wirra , wirra ! ’ ‘ Shure the poor creature is frightened to death 's door , ’ said Owen Kearney , trying to induce Barney to get up and drink a little water ; but the mug fell out of the farmer 's hands in dismay and horror , for he found the poor softie was bathed in blood . ‘ He 's shot , he 's shot ! ’ he exclaimed ; and one of the soldiers drew near and examined the wound . ‘ There 's a bullet in his back , ’ the man said ; ‘ and he 'll never eat another bit of this world 's bread . And may God forget the man that forgot he was an omadthaun . ’ Poor Barney never spoke again . Nothing could have saved his life . But his dream was literally true . At the very moment he awoke screaming , Martin Kearney was fired at by his brother Larry and his father 's servant ; at the hour he mentioned were the murderers taken ; and Martin himself was taken into a shebeen , as he said , and laid upon a settle in the kitchen , where he called untiringly for his cousin Dora . Such was the softie 's dream ; and such sad stories as that above related are a part and parcel of every Irish rebellion . Martin Kearney did not die ; and Larry pleaded guilty , declaring that he was forced to attempt his brother 's life both by solemn oath of obedience and by lot ; at the same time confessing all he knew of the strength and doings of the Mollies , assuring his judges that he joined them in ignorance , and now thought of them only with horror and regret . Therefore , in consideration of his youth , repentance , and valuable information he gave with regard to the rebels , his life was spared , and he was instead sentenced to twenty-one years ’ penal servitude ; while his companion , Luke Murphy , was hanged . It would have been almost a kindness to Larry to have been permitted to share the same fate . Before two years he died of a broken heart . Owen Kearney 's house was not burned ; but after his son 's transportation , nothing could induce him to live in it . He therefore sold his furniture and such of his stock as the cruelty and violence of the Mollies spared , and went to end his days amongst his wife 's relations in the County Galway . Dora and Martin were married , and after some time emigrated , and spent the remainder of their days in comfort and happiness , clouded only by the memory of how much pleasanter it would have been if they could have settled down in the old farm-house dear to them both , to be a comfort to their father and mother in their old age , and at last to sleep beside them in Glenmadda churchyard . The stock of one of the wealthiest gentlemen in the County Roscommon now graze where Owen Kearney 's house once stood . Not a trace of his family remains in the Green Isle . Their tragical history is almost forgotten ; but amongst the gossips and old women the softie 's dream is still remembered . GLIMPSE OF THE INDIAN FAMINE . On this dismal subject so much has lately appeared in the newspapers that we almost shrink from troubling our readers with it . Everybody knows the cause of the famine — a long and unhappy drought in Southern India which parched up the land ; nothing would grow ; the people , millions in number , had saved nothing ; their means of livelihood were gone ; and with a weakness which we can scarcely understand , they sat down to die — of starvation . In times when India was subject to Mongol rulers , the population , on the occurrence of such a catastrophe , would simply have been left to die outright . Famine , like war , was deemed a legitimate means for reducing a redundancy in the number of inhabitants , and was accepted as a thing quite natural and reasonable . Matters are now considerably changed . India is part of the great British empire , and British rule is no doubt a fine thing to be boasted of . It gives the English an immense lift in the way of national prestige . Along with prestige , however , come responsibilities that are occasionally found to be rather serious . The bulk of the people of India are living from hand to mouth . If their crops fail , it is all over with them . Then is heard the distant wail of famine from fellow-subjects , which it is impossible to neglect . Noble subscriptions follow , although subscriptions of one sort or other come upon us annually in regular succession from January to December . But when was the Englishman 's purse shut while the cry of distress was loudly pealing around him ? There is much satisfaction in knowing that more than half a million sterling has been gathered for the assuagement of the Indian famine . Although vast numbers perished of hunger , vast numbers were saved by a well-conducted system of dispensing food suitable to the simple wants of the people . The natives of Southern India live chiefly on rice , and a little serves them . The distribution of rice was accordingly a ready and easy method of succouring the poor famishing families . Along with boiled rice there was usually given a cup of water , rendered palatable by some sharp condiment , such as pepper or chillies . This desire for hot-tasting condiments seems to be an inherent necessity in warm climates , for which Nature has made the most beneficent provision . With these few preliminary remarks , we proceed to offer some extracts from the letters of a young medical gentleman connected with the army at Madras , descriptive of the plans adopted to feed the assembled crowds who flocked to large camps or barrack-yards in a state of pitiable suffering . The letters were no way designed for publication , a circumstance which gives them additional value . ‘ MADRAS , July 25 , 1877 .— There is not much news this week . One day I drove out to one of the Relief Camps beyond Palaveram to see it . A most curious and interesting sight it was . We went at half-past five , which was feeding-time ; and there we saw nine thousand five hundred starving wretches all seated on their hunkers [ crouched down in a sitting attitude on their heels ] , awaiting their food . What a motley crew and queer mixture of old men with more than a foot in the grave ; strong men and young women and unweaned babes all mixed indiscriminately , but all seated in long rows of about a hundred each , in perfect order , and kept so by not more than a dozen native police with two half-caste inspectors . The majority of the people were Pariahs . Few caste people care to come to the camps , and prefer to die rather than have their food cooked for them by non-caste persons . However , there were some — about two hundred in all — Hindus and Mohammedans , and they were set apart from the Pariahs . ‘ The food , rice , is cooked in enormous chatties , and then spread out on matting to cool ; after which it is put into gigantic tubs , which are carried slung on bamboos by a couple of coolies to the people , and a large tin measureful given to each . A measureful of pepper water ( a mixture of chillies and water ) is also given to each , and as much drinking-water as they like . ‘ So much for the food ; now for the camp itself . It is situated on a large plain , and the inclosure is about a mile round . It is in the form of a square , three sides consisting of chuppers [ a kind of wood and matting tents ] , roofed in , and protected from the wind on one side , being open on the other . Each of the three chuppers or houses of accommodation is built of the very simplest material : the floor is hardened mud , perfectly smooth and comfortable , as you know the people make it ; while the roof consists of leaves matted together , supported on bamboos , and the side of matting . Each chupper is about a quarter of a mile long , and has accommodation for no end of people , the evils of overcrowding being avoided by the almost free exposure to the air . To windward is the Hospital , a good building , rain-proof , and covered in on all sides . Still further away are cholera and small-pox hospitals . The people at the camps receive two meals a day of rice and pepper water ; and once a week on Sundays they get mutton . At this camp alone not less than fifty bags of rice were cooked and consumed daily , sometimes much more . The camp is open to all comers , and each is provided with a cloth and residence . The people appear all to be contented and happy , and await their turn for food calmly and patiently . The feeding is proceeded with rapidly now ; but when first the famine came , it was not so ; and owing to the paucity of servants , the feeding used to last from five P. M. till five the next morning . Rather trying for starving people to wait that time ; hard too on the servants . Now , thanks to good administration , the feeding is all finished in about three hours . I was struck on the whole with the aspect of the people ; they all with few exceptions looked well and in good condition . However , the Inspector said , had I seen them when they first came , it was different , and that if they were to return to their own villages , they would be dead in a few days . In fact , all the villages round are empty . Rice has now reached the appalling price of three and a half measures for the rupee , and of course one has to pay all one 's servants extra . The poor cannot live , and they say the famine is getting worse ! Only one man did I see who was lying among the others . Poor fellow ! he had just managed to crawl into camp , and he was dying . I ordered him to be removed to the Hospital , a living skeleton . ‘ The Hospital was truly a sad sight , the saddest I ever saw . There in one ward , lying on the floor , were a dozen beings , literally living skeletons , with sunken eyes , and ghastly hollow cheeks , and livid lips , with their bones almost protruding through the flesh ; too ill to move , and barely able to turn their glassy , stony stare upon you . Yes , dying all from starvation , and being hourly brought nearer death by wasting diarrh œ a or dysentery . ‘ One woman I shall never forget . She had her back to me , and her shoulder-blade stood out so fearfully that I gazed upon it in momentary expectation of its coming through the skin . So awful was it , that I felt almost tempted to take my nail and scrape it , in order to see the white of the bone . Perhaps the saddest sight of all was the lying-in ward , where a lean mother was to be seen unable from weakness to nurse the bag of bones she had given birth to ; barely a child surely , with its huge head and sunken eyes and its projecting wee ribs . Poor infant , it could n't live long . ’ ‘ August 7 .— This morning I was up at five , and after my breakfast of porridge and goat 's milk , was driving out to Jeramuchi Famine Relief Camp , eleven and a half miles distant . The camp is much the same as the Palaveram one I already described to you ; but it is superior , and more luxurious in some ways . It is not built in the form of a square , and is all the better of that , I think . It is fenced in all round with a trim palisading , as was the other camp , sufficient to prevent the people straying at night . The chuppers are arranged on the pavilion system , right down the centre of the camp . During the day they are entirely open at both sides , therein differing from the Palaveram ones , where one side is always closed . However , at night either side can be closed , as the sides consist of pieces of matting on a wooden framework , which is hinged to the side of the roof ; and during the day the sides are all put up , supported on two bamboos each . ‘ The children at this camp are all collected together and fed first , the grown-up people afterwards . This morning I saw five thousand children , in age from twelve to infants , mustered for breakfast . An old gentleman with great swagger played a tom-tom with a couple of sticks ; it was in the shape of a kettle-drum , and they all mustered , standing up in a row . M —— and I walked down two streets of these children . They were almost all bright and happy-looking ; and on being asked if they had enough to eat , they all replied in the affirmative , save one boy about twelve , who shook his head and smote his belly . Poor creature ; his looks confirmed his words ; there he was on two legs like walking-sticks , mere bones without an atom of muscle , on which he could hardly stand . On being asked when he came in , he said last night . Where were his father and mother ? Oh , father , mother , brother , sister , and he all left village together ; walked many , many miles ; no food . First sister , then mother , died on the road ; then brother ; yesterday father ; he alone being able to reach the Relief Camp . ‘ This tale is only a repetition of dozens of the same . He was ordered milk and port wine as extras ; and I hope the poor orphan being will recover . We went over the rest of the camp ; saw the men and women all sitting patiently in rows in their dreamy eastern way , silently awaiting the summons of the tom-tom after the children 's breakfast was over , to call them to theirs . On coming to the Mohammedan women , about thirty in number , they all promptly stood up . One could not but be struck with their appearance , so fair-skinned , clean-looking , and handsome , compared to the Pariahs and others . They all spoke Hindustani of course , and were most polite and respectful . Despite the poorness of their attire and the absence of their jewellery , they had a refined air about them , and a superior look totally foreign to the ordinary Hindu . One young girl I was particularly struck with ; she could only have been about fifteen , with most lovely eyes and perfect teeth , and such a figure . Ah ! I thought , if this young woman was dressed in European clothes and was a lady , she would make a figure in London . Dressed in a scarlet and golden saree , with bangles and other jewellery , she would to my mind have been the realisation of my idea of an Indian princess . ‘ The Hospital presented the same sad scene of cases of emaciation as at Palaveram ; there were more than one hundred cases of dysentery and diarrh œ a . I also saw another case of a milkless mother trying to suckle her newly born handful of bones in the lying-in ward . It is a mercy with such a large community that no cholera prevails . They have about twenty cases of small-pox . Leaving camp , we saw two stretchers coming in with coolies . Every morning the highways and byways are searched for three miles round ; and those poor creatures who have died or are found dying , unable to come to camp , are brought in . If dead , they are at once buried about a mile away from camp ; if alive , they are sent to Hospital . The famine continues very bad ; and there was a great meeting in Madras at the Banqueting-hall , when it was acknowledged government could not now cope with it without extraneous aid . Accordingly a telegram was despatched to England , calling on the Lord Mayors of London , Dublin , Manchester , Liverpool , and the Lord Provosts of Edinburgh and Glasgow , to open subscription lists . I am sure it is a worthy cause .... In Mysore alone there have been more deaths the last three months than during the last five years . The Viceroy is said to be coming down immediately from Simla to personally inspect the state of matters . ’ In a subsequent letter , October 25th , the writer adds — ‘ The accounts are still dreadful . Many poor creatures die after reaching the camps , from inability to swallow or receive the nourishment offered to them in the hospitals . The day the Viceroy visited Bangalore , no fewer than ninety dead bodies were found in the streets and the bazaar . The people at home have certainly done much to help their poor brethren in India ; but I believe they would do still more were they to be thoroughly aware of the terrible scenes which have come under my notice . ’ In conclusion , it is not out of place to say that the frequently occurring famines in that country call for measures of prevention as well as temporary aid . In making roads and railways , the English have done vast service to India ; but something equally imposing in the way of irrigation from artificial tanks and from rivers has seemingly become an absolute though costly necessity , for only by such means can a repetition of these dire famines be averted . In this direction evidently lies the duty of legislators , and we hope they will , with considerate foresight , be not slack in its performance . There might also , possibly , be something done by enabling masses of the redundant population to emigrate , under safe conduct , as coolies to countries where their labour is required . W. C . A BURIED CITY . The history of the destruction of Herculaneum and Pompeii under the ashes of Vesuvius is well known ; but long before that period , and contemporary with the age of Stone , a city in the Grecian Archipelago was buried in the same manner , with its inhabitants , their tools , and their domestic utensils . Here they have lain for thousands of years , until M. Christomanos , Professor of Chemistry at the University of Athens , called the attention of the public to them . There is a small group of islands to the north of Candia where these discoveries have been made , chiefly in Santorini and Therasia , which with one or two others form a circle round a bay . The two already mentioned are in the shape of a horse-shoe , with the concavity turned inwards , rising from the bay in almost inaccessible cliffs . Horizontal strata of deep black lava , layers of reddish scoria , and cinders of violet gray , are unequally distributed over these steep rocks , the whole being covered by pumice-stone of a brilliant whiteness . A few banks of marble and schist crop out to shew the original formation over which the volcanic ashes have poured ; and long vertical streams of what has been molten matter can be traced down the cliffs . On the opposite side , facing the open sea , the islands are altogether different , sloping gently down , and covered with pumice-stone , the light fragments of which are soon displaced by the wind , and sometimes carried to great distances by the equinoctial storms . A few villages are scattered about , and the vine clothes the ground with its beautiful greenery . From time immemorial the pumice of Santorini and Therasia has been dug out for building houses ; and when mixed with lime , it affords an excellent cement , acquiring such hardness that it resists shocks of earthquakes and the action of air and water . It has been used for building piers and moles along the Mediterranean ; and recently the works at the Isthmus of Suez and the ports of Egypt have given a great impetus to the trade , and thus opened out the underlying soil and remains of human habitations . There are immense quarries where the stone has been worked ; the material being transported to the edge of the cliff , and thrown down a glissade about a hundred and fifty feet high , to the side of the ships awaiting it . Contenting themselves with cutting up the highest layers only , the workmen avoided the lower part , which seemed to be mixed with stony masses . These hindered their work , and were not valuable ; but upon examination they prove to be walls of ancient houses . This had no interest for the owners of the land , who had long been aware of the fact ; but an accidental visit from M. Christomanos awakened the interest of scientific folks at Athens . At first the idea arose that this was an ancient burial-ground , and that the tombs had been hollowed out of the pumice-stone after the volcanic eruption ; but it is now fully ascertained that they were built long before . The largest edifice , which has been cleared of the tufa which fills it , consists of six rooms of unequal size , the largest being about eighteen feet by fifteen ; and one wall extends round a court of twenty-four feet in length , with a single entrance . The walls are built in quite a different manner from the fashion now used in the islands ; they are formed of a series of irregular blocks of lava , uncut , laid together without any order ; no mortar , but the interstices filled with a kind of red ashes . Between the stones , long twisted branches of the olive-tree are laid , still covered with bark , but in a very advanced state of decomposition . The wood has become nearly black , as if burnt , and falls to powder at the slightest touch . The inside of the rooms has never been whitewashed ; but probably a rough coating of red earthy matter , similar to that which lies between the stones , has been put on . At the north side there are two windows ; a third and a door are found on the other sides , and several openings into the different rooms . As these were formed by pieces of wood , which have decayed , the situation of the openings is chiefly ascertained by the mass of stones that have fallen in . In every case the roof lies in the interior of the rooms , and has been formed of wood laid upon the walls in such a manner as to be sloping ; whilst in the largest apartment a cylindrical block of stone buried in the floor , has evidently supported a beam of wood , from which radiated the other pieces of the roof . The things which have been discovered in this building are numerous and varied . There are vases of pottery and lava , seeds , straw , the bones of animals , tools of flint and lava , and a human skeleton . It may be remarked that not one article of iron or bronze has been found , not even the trace of a nail in the pieces of wood which have formed the roof ; the absence of metals is complete . The pottery is all well proportioned , the commonest kind consisting of yellow jars , very thick , and capable of holding many gallons . They are filled with barley , the seeds of coriander and aniseed , gray peas , and other articles which cannot be made out . The form , material , and size resemble the jars used in Greece for keeping cereals in very early though historic times . In many of the rooms , heaps of barley lie against the walls . There are smaller jars of finer ware and a brighter colour , ornamented with circular bands and vertical stripes . The colouring-matter , of a deep red , has been put on in a moist state without variety of design , being always in circles and straight lines . Besides a double necklace and ear-rings of a woman , many articles made of obsidian , a volcanic product sometimes called volcanic glass , have been found in Therasia . These are cut , but not polished ; some of a triangular form have probably been the points of arrows ; others are like small knives or scrapers for preparing skins . The use of obsidian appears to have been common during the Stone age among those nations who lived in volcanic regions , and even in later periods . It is said that it is still used by the women of Peru for scissors . It was more generally in vogue before the discovery of metals than since , particularly in Greece , where arms and tools of stone disappeared after copper was found . In the strata where they are at Therasia , there is nothing of iron or bronze . Two small rings of gold are rather remarkable ; they are so small that they would not pass over a child 's finger . It may be inferred that they were links of a necklace . In each there is a hole about the size of a needle 's eye . Probably they had been threaded one after another on the same string , and not interlaced like the rings of a chain . The interior is hollow ; and no indication of soldering can be perceived , neither does the gold seem to have any alloy of other metal . The maker had flattened the bit of native gold by hammering it to the state of a thin circular leaf , and then folding it up with the edges to the inside of the ring . As gold has never been found in Santorini or in any of the neighbouring volcanic islands , it proves that the inhabitants held communication with the continent ; certain streams of Asia Minor having been celebrated in antiquity for the great quantity of gold brought down . Geologists have endeavoured to draw out the history of the terrible event which overwhelmed these islands and their inhabitants . At the beginning of the tertiary period , Greece , united to Africa , seems to have formed part of a large marshy continent , where now flows the Mediterranean . It was inhabited by those gigantic mammifers whose bones have been largely found in Africa . Towards the close of this epoch a lowering of the land separated Europe from Africa , and gave to the Mediterranean its present configuration . An oscillation of the crust of the earth afterwards produced openings , through which igneous matter has flowed . Torrents of lava gave birth to the volcanic rocks which are to be found in Greece and the neighbouring islands , and a volcano had evidently opened in the present bay of Santorini . The hill Saint Elias , the top of which forms the culminating point of the island , was then an island composed of schist and marble . The igneous matter , cooled by contact with the water and the atmosphere , attached itself to this hill , and the whole united together , formed the space now occupied by Santorini , Therasia , and Aspronisi . Repeated layers of lava , scoria , and ashes collected during many ages when the crater which occupied the central part was gradually becoming undermined . Volcanoes are the weak parts of the earth 's crust ; there is not one in full activity which does not present alternative series of increase or lessening . The cone rises gradually until by degrees it is obstructed with lava , then a sudden fall destroys it and hollows a new crater , sometimes larger and deeper than the first . Many such occurrences have been described , but none can equal in importance the gigantic fall which formed the Bay of Santorini . All the central part must have given way , and been suddenly ingulfed , leaving but a narrow border of land , through the northern part of which the sea has dashed to fill up the hollow . Instead of a mountain three thousand feet high , there is a bay of immense depth , surrounded by precipitous rocks , close to which ships can anchor . This violent catastrophe must have taken place when man was on the island ; and the event must have been sudden , since the remains prove that there was no time to move away or to displace anything in the houses . The eruption of pumice-stone has preceded the sinking of the cone , for the tufa which covers the downs is cut through by subjacent streams of lava ; nor does it seem to have been preceded by any violent earthquakes , as in that case the houses found in Therasia would have been demolished and the walls no longer standing . This is remarkable , as the construction of the buildings proves that the island was subject to them ; the pieces of wood inserted in the walls seeming to be for no other object than to prevent the disastrous effects of such a shaking . This custom is still in use among all the islands of the Archipelago . From the abundance of wood used in the houses , the island must in those days have been well supplied with timber . The olive-tree grew freely , and barley was the commonest of the cereals . Probably too the climate was different . The vine does not seem to have been there ; still less was it the only plant cultivated , as now , at Santorini . The population were husbandmen , understanding how to grind barley in mills and make it into bread ; how to press oil from olives , to bring up cattle , and to weave stuffs . Yet the great abundance of utensils of lava , obsidian , and flint , without any metals , shews that theirs was the age of stone , when the use of metals was unknown . The blocks of stones at the angles of the house at Therasia and the column standing near , indicate considerable skill in the workmen , when the kind of tools they used is taken into consideration ; whilst the vases of pottery-ware are remarkable for their elegance of form . It only remains to consider how many years ago it is since this great eruption took place . The data are vague , but geologists have tried to make some approximation . It is well known that after any violent catastrophe the subterranean forces seem to be exhausted ; the periods of repose in a volcano are proportional to the previous energy . About one hundred and ninety-six years before Christ there is the record of an eruption , which raised in the centre of the bay a small islet called Pal æ a Kameni . After the Christian era , frequent slight emissions only served to increase the size of the island , and during the middle ages there was a period of calm . In the fifteenth century the excitement again burst forth , raising reefs both inside and outside the bay . The second duration of rest was about ten centuries ; so that to the first , according to its intensity , there may be calculated at least twice that time ; thus the formation of the bay was perhaps two thousand years B. C . Historical records furnish more positive teaching , as the bay certainly existed fifteen hundred years B. C . It was at this epoch that the islands of the Greek Archipelago were invaded by the Ph œ nicians . This nation occupied Therasia and Santorini , as the many ruins still to be found testify , and they are built on the top of the pumice-stone . But the great eruption must have been long before that , since thick beds of pebbles and shells , from fifteen to twenty yards deep , lie on the tufa ; and geologists know well , from the habitual slowness of this raising of the soil , that it corresponds to many centuries . There was also a population on the islands differing from those who were buried in the ashes , and from the Ph œ nicians . The latter knew the use of bronze , and introduced it on all the shores of the Mediterranean . Most likely we may place the great event during the early days of Egyptian civilisation , which some historians compute to be four or five thousand years ago . The primitive population present no trace of the influence which that nation exerted , and with which commerce would have placed them in frequent relations . The Conductors of CHAMBERS 'S JOURNAL beg to direct the attention of CONTRIBUTORS to the following notice : 1st . All communications should be addressed to the ‘ Editor , 339 High Street , Edinburgh . ’ 2d . To insure the return of papers that may prove ineligible , postage-stamps should in every case accompany them . 3d . MANUSCRIPTS should bear the author 's full Christian name , surname , and address , legibly written . 4th . MS. should be written on one side of the leaf only . 5th . Poetical offerings should be accompanied by an envelope , stamped and directed . Unless Contributors comply with the above rules , the Editor cannot undertake to return ineligible papers . Printed and Published by W. & R. CHAMBERS , 47 Paternoster Row , LONDON , and 339 High Street , EDINBURGH . All Rights Reserved .