CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 448 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , JULY 31 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . BOOK-WORSHIP . A book belongs in a peculiar manner to the age and nation that produce it . It is an emanation of the thought of the time ; and if it survive to an after-time , it remains as a landmark of the progress of the imagination or the intellect . Some books do even more than this : they press forward to the future age , and make appeals to its maturer genius ; but in so doing they still belong to their own — they still wear the garb which stamps them as appertaining to a particular epoch . Of that epoch , it is true , they are , intellectually , the flower and chief ; they are the expression of its finer spirit , and serve as a link between the two generations of the past and the future ; but of that future — so much changed in habits , and feelings , and knowledge — they can never , even when acting as guides and teachers , form an essential part : there is always some bond of sympathy wanting . A single glance at our own great books will illustrate this — books which are constantly reprinted , without which no library can be tolerated — which are still , generation after generation , the objects of the national worship , and are popularly supposed to afford a universal and unfailing standard of excellence in the various departments of literature . These books , although pored over as a task and a study by the few , are rarely opened and never read by the many : they are known the least by those who reverence them most . They are , in short , idols , and their worship is not a faith , but a superstition . This kind of belief is not shaken even by experience . When a devourer of the novels of Scott , for instance , takes up Tom Jones , he , after a vain attempt to read , may lay it down with a feeling of surprise and dissatisfaction ; but Tom Jones remains still to his convictions ‘ an epic in prose , ’ the fiction par excellence of the language . As for Clarissa Harlowe and Sir Charles Grandison , we have not heard of any common reader in our generation who has had the hardihood even to open the volumes ; but Richardson as well as Fielding retains his original niche among the gods of romance ; and we find Scott himself one of the high-priests of the worship . When wandering once upon the continent , we were thrown for several days into the company of an English clergyman , who had provided himself , as the best possible model in description , with a copy of Spenser ; and it was curious to observe the pertinacity with which , from time to time , he drew forth his treasure , and the weariness with which in a few minutes he returned it to his pocket . Yet our reverend friend , we have no doubt , went home with his faith in Spenser unshaken , and recommends it to this day as the most delightful of all companions for a journey . In the present century , the French and German critics have begun to place this reverential feeling for the ‘ classics ’ of a language upon a more rational basis . In estimating an author , they throw themselves back into the times in which he wrote ; they determine his place among the spirits of his own age ; and ascertain the practical influence his works have exercised over those of succeeding generations . In short , they judge him relatively , not absolutely ; and thus convert an unreasoning superstition into a sober faith . We do not require to be told that in every book destined to survive its author , there are here and there gleams of nature that belong to all time ; but the body of the work is after the fashion of the age that produced it ; and he who is unacquainted with the thought of that age , will always judge amiss . In England , we are still in the bonds of the last century , and it is surprising what an amount of affectation mingles with criticism even of the highest pretensions . It is no wonder , then , that common readers should be mistaken in their book-worship . To such persons , for all their blind reverence , Dante must in reality be a wild beast — a fine animal , it is true , but still a wild beast — and our own Milton a polemical pedant arguing by the light of poetry . To such readers , the spectacle of Ugolino devouring the head of Ruggieri , and wiping his jaws with the hair that he might tell his story , cannot fail to give a feeling of horror and disgust , which even the glorious wings of Dante 's angels — the most sublime of all such creations — would fail to chase away . The poetry of the Divine Comedy belongs to nature ; its superstition , intolerance , and fanaticism , to the thirteenth century . These last have either passed away from the modern world or they exist in new forms , and with the first alone can we have any real healthy sympathy . One of our literary idols is Shakspeare — perhaps the greatest of them all ; but although the most universal of poets , his works , taken in the mass , belong to the age of Queen Elizabeth , not to ours . A critic has well said , that if Shakspeare were now living , he would manifest the same dramatic power , but under different forms ; and his taste , his knowledge , and his beliefs would all be different . This , however , is not the opinion of the book-worshippers : it is not the poetry alone of Shakspeare , but the work bodily , which is preeminent with them ; not that which is universal in his genius , but that likewise which is restricted by the fetters of time and country . The commentators , in the same way , find it their business to bring up his shortcomings to his ideal character , not to account for their existence by the manners and prejudices of his age , or the literary models on which his taste was formed . It would be easy to run over , in this way , the list of all our great authors , and to shew that book-worship , as contradistinguished from a wise and discriminating respect , is nothing more than a vulgar superstition . We are the more inclined to put forth these ideas , at a time when reprints are the order of the day — when speculators , with a singular blindness , are ready to take hold of almost anything that comes in their way without the expense of copyright . It would be far more judicious to employ persons of a correct and elegant taste to separate the local and temporary from the universal and immortal part of our classics , and give us , in an independent form , what belongs to ourselves and to all time . A movement was made some years ago in this direction by Mr Craik , who printed in one of Charles Knight 's publications a summary of the Fa ë ry Queen , converting the prosaic portions into prose , and giving only the true poetry in the rich and musical verses of Spenser . A travelling companion like this , we venture to assure our clerical friend , would not be pocketed so wearily as the original work . The harmony of the divine poet would saturate his heart and beam from his eyes ; and when wandering where we met him , among the storied ruins of the Rhine , he would have by his side not the man Spenser , surrounded by the prejudices and rudenesses of his age , but the spirit Spenser , discoursing to and with the universal heart of nature . Leigh Hunt , with more originality — more of the quality men call genius , but a less correct perception of what is really wanted — has done the same thing for the great Italian poets ; and in his sparkling pages Dante , Ariosto , Tasso , and the rest of the tuneful train , appear unfettered by the more unpleasing peculiarities of their mortal time . But the criticism by which their steps are attended , though full of grace and acuteness , is absolute , not relative . They are judged by a standard of taste and feeling existing in the author 's mind : the Inferno is a magnificent caldron of everything base and detestable in human nature ; and the Orlando , a paradise of love , beauty , and delight . Dante , the sublime poet , but inexorable bigot , meets with little tolerance from Leigh Hunt ; while Ariosto , exhaustless in his wealth , ardent and exulting — full of the same excess of life which in youth sends the blood dancing and boiling through the veins — has his warmest sympathy . This kind of criticism is but a new form of the error we have pointed out ; for both poets receive his homage — the one praised in the spontaneous outpourings of his heart , the other served with the rites of devil-worship . When we talk of the great authors of one generation pressing forward to claim the sympathy of the maturer genius of the next , we mean precisely what we say . We are well aware that some of the great writers we have casually mentioned have no equals in the present world ; yet the present world is more mature in point of taste than their own . That is the reason why they are great authors now . Some books last for a season , some for a generation , some for an age , or two , or more ; always dropping off when the time they reach outstrips them . One of these lost treasures is sometimes reprinted ; but if this is done in the hope of a renewed popularity , the speculation is sure to fail . Curious and studious men , it is true , are gratified by the reproduction ; but the general reader would prefer a book of his own generation , using the former as materials , and separating its immortal part from its perishing body . And the general reader , be it remembered , is virtually the age . It is for him the studious think , the imaginative invent , the tuneful sing : beyond him there is no appeal but to the future . He is superstitious , as we have seen , but his gods are few and traditional . He determines to make a stand somewhere ; and it is necessary for him to do so , if he would not encumber his literary Olympus with a Hindoo-like pantheon of millions . But how voracious is this general reader in regard to the effusions of his own day ! What will become of the myriads of books that have passed through our own unworthy hands ? How many of them will survive to the next generation ? How many will continue to float still further down the stream of time ? How many will attain the honour of the apotheosis ? And will they coexist in this exalted state with the old objects of worship ? This last is a pregnant question ; for each generation will in all probability furnish its quota of the great books of the language , and , if so , a reform in the superstition we have exposed is no longer a matter of mere expedience , but of necessity . We are aware that all this will be pronounced rank heresy by those who assume the style of critics , who usually make a prodigious outcry when a great author is mutilated , even by expunging a word which modern decency excludes from the vocabulary of social and family intercourse . This word , however — supposing it to represent the mortal and perishing part of an author 's productions — belongs not to him , but to his age ; not to the intellectual man , but to the external and fleeting manners of his day and generation . Such critics usually take credit to themselves for a peculiarly large and liberal spirit ; but there seems to us , on the contrary , to be something mean and restricted in views that regard the man as an individual , not as a portion of the genius which belongs to the world . Yet , even as an individual , the man is safe in his entirety , for there is no project of cancelling the printed works extant in our libraries , public and private . The true question simply is : Are great authors to be allowed to become practically obsolete — and many of them have become so already — while we stand upon the delicacies and ceremonies of Book-worship ? OUR TERRACE . London has been often compared to a wilderness — a wilderness of brick , and so in one sense it is ; because you may live in London all the days of your life if you choose — and , indeed , if you do n't choose , if you happen to be very poor — without exciting observation , or provoking any further questioning than is comprised in a demand for accurate guidance from one place to another , a demand which might be made upon you in an Arabian desert , if there you chanced to meet a stranger . But London is something else besides a wilderness — indeed it is everything else . It is a great world , containing a thousand little worlds in its bosom ; and pop yourself down in it in any quarter you will , you are sure to find yourself in the centre of some peculiar microcosm distinguished from all others by features more or less characteristic . One such little world we have lived in for a round number of years ; and as we imagine it presents a picture by no means disagreeable to look upon , we will introduce the reader , with his permission , into its very limited circle , and chronicle its history for one day as faithfully as it is possible for anything to do , short of the Daguerreotype and the tax-gatherer . Our Terrace , then — for that is our little world — is situated in one of the northern , southern , eastern , or western suburbs — we have reasons for not being particular — at the distance of two miles and three-quarters from the black dome of St Paul 's . It consists of thirty genteel-looking second-rate houses , standing upon a veritable terrace , at least three feet above the level of the carriage-way , and having small gardens enclosed in iron palisades in front of them . The garden gates open upon a pavement of nine feet in width ; the carriage-road is thirty feet across ; and on the opposite side is another but lower terrace , surmounted with handsome semi-detached villas , with ample flower-gardens both in front and rear , those in the front being planted , but rather sparingly , with limes , birches , and a few specimens of the white-ash , which in summertime overshadow the pavement , and shelter a passing pedestrian when caught in a shower . At one end of Our Terrace , there is a respectable butcher 's shop , a public-house , and a shop which is perpetually changing owners , and making desperate attempts to establish itself as something or other , without any particular partiality for any particular line of business . It has been by turns a print-shop , a stationer 's , a circulating library , a toy-shop , a Berlin-wool shop , a music and musical-instrument shop , a haberdasher 's shop , a snuff and cigar shop , and one other thing which has escaped our memory — and all within the last seven years . Each retiring speculator has left his stock-in-trade , along with the good-will , to his successor ; and at the present moment it is a combination of shops , where everything you do n't want is to be found in a state of dilapidation , together with a very hungry-looking proprietor , who , for want of customers upon whom to exercise his ingenuity , pulls away all day long upon the accordion to the tune of We 're a ’ noddin ’ . The other end of Our Terrace has its butcher , its public-house , its grocer , and a small furniture-shop , doing a small trade , under the charge of a very small boy . Let thus much suffice for the physiology of our subject . We proceed to record its history , as it may be read by any one of the inhabitants who chooses to spend the waking hours of a single day in perusing it from his parlour window . It is a fine morning in the middle of June , and the clock of the church at the end of the road is about striking seven , when the parlour shutters and the street doors of the terrace begin to open one by one . By a quarter past , the servant-girls , having lighted their fires , and put the kettle on to boil for breakfast , are ostensibly busy in sweeping the pathways of the small front-gardens , but are actually enjoying a simultaneous gossip together over the garden railings — a fleeting pleasure , which must be nipped in the bud , because master goes to town at half-past eight , and his boots are not yet cleaned , or his breakfast prepared . Now the bedroom-bell rings , which means hot water ; and this is no sooner up , than mistress is down , and breakfast is laid in the parlour . At a quarter before eight , the eggs are boiled , and the bacon toasted , and the first serious business of the day is in course of transaction . Mr Jones of No . 9 , Mr Robinson of No . 10 , and Mr Brown of No . 11 , are bound to be at their several posts in the city at nine o'clock ; and having swallowed a hasty breakfast , they may be seen , before half-past eight has chimed , walking up and down the terrace chatting together , and wondering whether ‘ that Smith , ’ as usual , means to keep the omnibus waiting this morning , or whether he will come forth in time . Precisely as the half hour strikes , the tin horn of the omnibus sounds its shrill blast , and the vehicle is seen rattling round the corner , stopping one moment at No . 28 , to take up Mr Johnson . On it comes , with a fresh blast , to where the commercial trio are waiting for it ; out rushes Smith , wiping his mouth , and the ‘ bus , ’ swallowing up the whole four , rumbles and trumpets on to take up Thompson , Jackson , and Richardson , who , cigars in mouth , are waiting at a distance of forty paces off to ascend the roof . An hour later , a second omnibus comes by on the same benevolent errand , for the accommodation of those gentlemen , more favoured by fortune , who are not expected to be at the post of business until the hour of ten . As Our Terrace does not stand in a direct omnibus route , these are all the ‘ buses ’ that will pass in the course of the day . The gentlemen whom they convey every morning to town are regular customers , and the vehicles diverge from their regular course in order to pick them up at their own doors . About half-past nine , or from that to a quarter to ten , comes the postman with his first delivery of letters for the day . Our Terrace is the most toilsome part of his beat , for having to serve both sides of the way , his progress is very like that of a ship at sea sailing against the wind . R'tat he goes on our side , then down he jumps into the road — B'bang on the other side — tacks about again , and serves the terrace — off again , and serves the villas , and so on till he has fairly epistolised both sides of the way , and vanished round the corner . The vision of his gold band and red collar is anxiously looked for in the morning by many a fair face , which a watchful observer may see furtively peering through the drawing-room window-curtains . After he has departed , and the well-to-do merchants and employers who reside in the villas opposite have had time to look over their correspondence , come sundry neat turn-outs from the stables and coach-houses in the rear of the villas : a light , high gig , drawn by a frisky grey , into which leaps young Oversea the shipbroker — a comfortable , cushioned four-wheel drawn by a pair of bay ponies , into which old Discount climbs heavily , followed perhaps by his two daughters , bound on a shopping-visit to the city — and a spicy-looking , rattling trap , with a pawing horse , which has a decided objection to standing still , for Mr Goadall , the wealthy cattle-drover . These , with other vehicles of less note , all roll off the ground by a quarter after ten o'clock or so ; and the ladies and their servants , with some few exceptions , are left in undisputed possession of home , while not a footfall of man or beast is heard in the sunshiny quiet of the street . The quiet , however , is broken before long by a peculiar and suggestive cry . We do not hear it yet ourselves , but Stalker , our black cat and familiar , has caught the well-known accents , and with a characteristic crooning noise , and a stiff , perpendicular erection of tail , he sidles towards the door , demanding , as plainly as possible , to be let out . Yes , it is the cats-meat man . ‘ Ca ’ me-e-et — me-yet — me-e-yet ! ’ fills the morning air , and arouses exactly thirty responsive feline voices — for there is a cat to every house — and points thirty aspiring tails to the zenith . As many hungry tabbies , sables , and tortoise-shells as can get out of doors , are trooping together with arched backs upon the pavement , following the little pony-cart , the cats ’ commissariat equipage , and each one , anxious for his daily allowance , contributing most musically his quota to the general concert . We do not know how it is , but the cats-meat man is the most unerring and punctual of all those peripatetic functionaries who undertake to cater for the consumption of the public . The baker , the butcher , the grocer , the butterman , the fishmonger , and the coster , occasionally forget your necessities , or omit to call for your orders — the cats-meat man never . Other traders , too , dispense their stock by a sliding-scale , and are sometimes out of stock altogether : Pussy 's provider , on the contrary , sticks to one price from year 's end to year 's end , and never , in the memory of the oldest Grimalkin , was known to disappoint a customer . A half-penny for a cat 's breakfast has been the regulation-price ever since the horses of the metropolis began to submit to the boiling process for the benefit of the feline race . By the time the cats have retired to growl over their allowance in private , the daily succession of nomadic industrials begin to lift up their voices , and to defile slowly along Our Terrace , stopping now and then to execute a job or effect a sale when an opportunity presents itself . Our limits will not allow us to notice them all , but we must devote a few paragraphs to those without whom our picture would be incomplete . First comes an ingenious lass of two or three-and-twenty , with a flaming red shawl , pink ribbons in her bonnet , and the hue of health on a rather saucy face . She carries a large basket on her left arm , and in her right hand she displays to general admiration a gorgeous group of flowers , fashioned twice the size of life , from tissue-paper of various colours . She lifts up her voice occasionally as she marches slowly along , singing , in a clear accent : ‘ Flowers — ornamental papers for the stove — flowers ! paper-flowers ! ’ She is the accredited herald of summer — a phenomenon , this year , of very late appearance . We should have seen her six weeks ago , if the summer had not declined to appear at the usual season . She is the gaudy , party-coloured ephemera of street commerce , and will disappear from view in a fortnight 's time , to be seen no more until the opening summer of ‘ 53 . Her wares , which are manufactured with much taste , and with an eye to the harmony of colours , are in much request among the genteel housewives of the suburbs . They are exceedingly cheap , considering the skill which must be applied in their construction . They are all the work of her own hands , and have occupied her time and swallowed up her capital for some months past . She enjoys almost a monopoly in her art , and is not to be beaten down in the price of her goods . She knows their value , and is more independent than an artist dares to be in the presence of a patron . Her productions are a pleasant summer substitute for the cheerful fire of winter ; and it is perhaps well for her that , before the close of autumn , the faded hues of the flowers , and the harbour they afford to dust , will convert them into waste paper , in spite of all the care that may be taken to preserve them . Paper Poll , as the servants call her , is hardly out of sight , and not out of hearing , when a young fellow and his wife come clattering along the pavement , appealing to all who may require their good offices in the matter of chair-mending . The man is built up in a sort of cage-work of chairs stuck about his head and shoulders , and his dirty phiz is only half visible through a kind of grill of legs and cross-bars . These are partly commissions which , having executed at home , he is carrying to their several owners . But as everybody does not choose to trust him away with property , he is ready to execute orders on the spot ; and to this end his wife accompanies him on his rounds . She is loaded with a small bag of tools suspended at her waist , and a plentiful stock of split-cane under one arm . He will weave a new cane-seat to an old chair for 9d ., and he will set down his load and do it before your eyes in your own garden , if you prefer that to intrusting him with it ; that is , he will make the bargain , and his wife will weave the seat under his supervision , unless there happen to be two to be repaired , when husband and wife will work together . We have noticed that it is a very silent operation , that of weaving chair-bottoms ; and that though the couple may be seated for an hour and more together rapidly plying the flexible canes , they never exchange a word with each other till the task is accomplished . Sometimes the wife is left at a customer 's door working alone , while the husband wanders further on in search of other employment , returning by the time she has finished her task . But there are no chairs to mend this morning on Our Terrace , and our bamboo friends may jog on their way . Now resounds from a distance the cry of ‘ All a-growin ’ an ’ a-blowin ’ — all a-blowin ’ , a-blowin ’ here ! ’ and in a few minutes the travelling florist makes his appearance , driving before him a broad-surfaced handcart , loaded in profusion with exquisite flowers of all hues , in full bloom , and , to all appearance , thriving famously . It may happen , however , as it has happened to us , that the blossoms now so vigorous and blooming , may all drop off on the second or third day ; and the naked plant , after making a sprawling and almost successful attempt to reach the ceiling for a week or so , shall become suddenly sapless and withered , the emblem of a broken-down and emaciated sot — and , what is more , ruined from the self-same cause , an overdose of stimulating fluid . It may happen , on the other hand , that the plant shall have suffered no trick of the gardener 's trade , and shall bloom fairly to the end of its natural term . The commerce in blossoming flowers is one of the most uncertain and dangerous speculations in which the small street-traders of London can engage . When carried on under favourable circumstances , it is one of the most profitable , the demand for flowers being constant and increasing ; but the whole stock-in-trade of a small perambulating capitalist may be ruined by a shower of rain , which will spoil their appearance for the market , and prevent his selling them before they are overblown . Further , as few of these dealers have any means of housing this kind of stock safely during the night , they are often compelled to part with them , after an unfavourable day , at less than prime cost , to prevent a total loss . Still , there are never wanting men of a speculative turn of mind , and the cry of ‘ All a-blowin ’ an ’ a-growin'’ resounds through the streets as long as the season supplies flowers to grow and to blow . The flower-merchant wheels off , having left a good sprinkling of geraniums in our neighbours ’ windows ; and his cousin-german , ‘ the graveller , ’ comes crawling after him , with his cart and stout horse in the middle of the road , while he walks on one side of the pavement , and his assistant on the other . This fellow is rather a singular character , and one that is to be met with probably nowhere upon the face of the earth but in the suburbs of London . He is , par excellence , the exponent of a feeling which pervades the popular mind in the metropolis on the subject of the duty which respectable people owe to respectability . It is impossible for a housekeeper in a neighbourhood having any claims to gentility , to escape the recognition of this feeling in the lower class of industrials . If you have a broken window in the front of your house , the travelling glazier thinks , to use his own expression , that you have a right to have it repaired , and therefore that he , having discovered the fracture , has a right to the job of mending it . If your bell-handle is out of order or broken off , the travelling bellman thinks he has a right to repair it , and bores you , in fact , until you commission him to do so — and so on . In the same manner , and on the same principle , so soon as the fine weather sets in , and the front-gardens begin to look gay , the graveller loads his cart with gravel , and shouldering his spade , crawls leisurely through the suburbs with his companion , peering into every garden ; and wherever he sees that the walks are grown dingy or moss-grown , he knocks boldly at the door , and demands to be set to work in mending your ways . The best thing you can do is to make the bargain and employ him at once ; if not , he will be round again to-morrow , and to-morrow , and to-morrow , and bore you into consenting at last . You live in a respectable house , and you have a right to keep your garden in a respectable condition — and the graveller is determined that you shall do so : has he not brought gravel to the door on purpose ? it will cost you but a shilling or two . Thus he lays down the law in his own mind ; and sooner or later , as sure as fate , he lays down the gravel in your garden . While the graveller is patting down the pathway round Robinson 's flower-bed , we hear the well-known cry of a countryman whom we have known any time these ten years , and who , with his wife by his side , has perambulated the suburbs for the best part of his life . He has taken upon himself the patronage of the laundry department , and he shoulders a fagot of clothes-poles , ten feet long , with forked extremities , all freshly cut from the forest . Coils of new rope for drying are hanging upon his arm , and his wife carries a basket well stocked with clothes-pins of a superior description , manufactured by themselves . The cry of ‘ Clo ’ - pole-line-pins ’ is one long familiar to the neighbourhood ; and as this honest couple have earned a good reputation by a long course of civility and probity , they enjoy the advantage of a pretty extensive connection . Their perambulations are confined to the suburbs , and it is a question if they ever enter London proper from one year 's end to another . It is of no use to carry clothes-poles and drying-lines where there are no conveniences for washing and drying . Next comes a travelling umbrella-mender , fagoted on the back like the man in the moon of the nursery rhyme-book . He is followed at a short distance by a travelling tinker , swinging his live-coals in a sort of tin censer , and giving utterance to a hoarse and horrible cry , intelligible only to the cook who has a leaky sauce-pan . Then comes the chamois-leather woman , bundled about with damaged skins , in request for the polishing of plate and plated wares . She is one of that persevering class who will hardly take ‘ No ’ for an answer . It takes her a full hour to get through the terrace , for she enters every garden , and knocks at every door from No . 1 to No . 30 . In the winter-time , she pursues an analogous trade , dealing in what may strictly be termed the raw material , inasmuch as she then buys and cries hare-skins and rabbit-skins . She has , unfortunately , a notoriously bad character , and is accused of being addicted to the practice of taking tenpence and a hare-skin in exchange for a counterfeit shilling . By this time it is twelve o'clock and past , and Charley Coster , who serves the terrace with vegetables , drives up his stout cob to the door , and is at the very moment we write bargaining with Betty for new potatoes at threepence-half-penny a pound . Betty declares it is a scandalous price for potatoes . ‘ Yes , dear , ’ says Charley ; ‘ an ’ another scanlous thing is , that I can n't sell ‘ em for no less . ’ Charley is the most affectionate of costers , and is a general favourite with the abigails of the terrace . His turn-out is the very model of a travelling green-grocer 's shop , well stocked with all the fruits and vegetables of the season ; and he himself is a model of a coster , clean shaved , clean shod , and trimly dressed , with a flower in his button-hole , an everlasting smile upon his face , and the nattiest of neck-ties . The cunning rogue pretends to be smitten with Betty , and most likely does the same with all the other Bettys of the neighbourhood , to all of whom he chatters incessantly of everything and everybody — save and except of the wife and three children waiting for him at home . He will leave a good portion of his stock behind him when he quits the terrace . After Charley has disappeared , there is a pause for an hour or two in the flow of professionals past Our Terrace . The few pedestrians that pass along are chiefly gentlefolks , who have come abroad this fine morning for an airing — to take a constitutional , and to pick up an appetite for dinner . You may chance to hear the cry of ‘ Oranges and nuts , ’ or of ‘ Cod — live cod , ’ and you may be entertained by a band of musicians in a gaily-coloured van patrolling for the purpose of advertising the merits of something or other which is to be had for nothing at all , or the next thing to it , if you can prevail upon yourself to go and fetch it . Perhaps Punch and Judy will pitch their little citadel in front of your dwelling ; or , more likely still , a band of mock Ethiopians , with fiddle , castanets , and banjo , may tempt your liberality with a performance of Uncle Ned or Old Dan Tucker ; or a corps of German musicians may trumpet you into a fit of martial ardour ; or a wandering professor of the German flute soothe you into a state of romance . As the afternoon wears on , the tranquillity grows more profound . The villas opposite stand asleep in the sunshine ; the sound of a single footstep is heard on the pavement ; and anon you hear the feeble , cracked voice of old Willie , the water-cress man , distinctly articulating the cry of ‘ Water-cresses ; fine brown water-cresses ; royal Albert water-cresses ; the best in London — everybody say so . ’ The water-cresses are welcomed on the terrace as an ornament and something more to the tea-table ; and while tea is getting ready for the inhabitants of the terrace , the dwellers in the opposite villas are seen returning to dinner . The lame match-man now hobbles along upon his crutches , with his little basket of lucifers suspended at his side . He is thoroughly deaf and three parts dumb , uttering nothing beyond an incomprehensible kind of croak by way of a demand for custom . He is a privileged being , whom nobody thinks of interfering with . He has the entr é e of all the gardens on both sides of the way , and is the acknowledged depositary of scraps and remnants of all kinds which have made their last appearance upon the dinner or supper table . About five o'clock , the tinkling note of the muffin-bell strikes agreeably upon the ear , suggestive of fragrant souchong and bottom-crusts hot , crackling , and unctuous . Now ensues a delicate savour in the atmosphere of the terrace kitchens , and it is just at its height when Smith , Brown , Jones , and Robinson are seen walking briskly up the terrace . They all go in at Smith 's , where the muffin-man went in about half an hour before , and left half his stock behind him . By six o'clock , the lords and ladies of Our Terrace are congregated round their tea-urns ; and by seven , you may see from one of the back-windows a tolerable number of the lords , arrayed in dressing-gowns and slippers , and some of them with corpulent meerschaums dangling from their mouths , strolling leisurely in the gardens in the rear of their dwellings , and amusing themselves with their children , whose prattling voices and innocent laughter mingle with the twittering of those suburban songsters , the sparrows , and with the rustling of the foliage , stirred by the evening breeze . These pleasant sounds die away by degrees . Little boys and girls go to bed ; the gloom of twilight settles down upon the gardens ; candles are lighted in the drawing-rooms , and from a dozen houses at once pianofortes commence their harmony . At No . 12 , the drawing-room windows are open , though the blinds are down ; and the slow-pacing policeman pauses in his round , and leans against the iron railings , being suddenly brought up by the richly-harmonious strains of a glee for three voices : Brown , Jones , and Robinson are doing the Chough and Crow ; and Smith , who prides himself on his semi-grand , which he tunes with his own hands once a week , is doing the accompaniment in his best style . The merry chorus swells delightfully upon the ear , and is heard half way down the terrace : the few foot-passengers who are passing stop under the window to listen , till one of them is imprudent enough to cry ‘ Encore , ’ when down go the windows , and the harmonious sounds are shut in from vulgar ears . It is by this time nearly half-past nine o'clock , and now comes the regular nightly ‘ tramp , tramp ’ of the police , marching in Indian file , and heavily clad in their night-gear . They come to replace the guardians of the day by those of the night . One of the number falls out of the line on the terrace , where he commences his nocturnal wanderings , and guarantees the peace and safety of the inhabitants for the succeeding eight hours : the rest tramp onwards to their distant stations . The echoes of their iron heels have hardly died away , when there is a sudden and almost simultaneous eruption from every garden-gate on the terrace of clean-faced , neat-aproned , red-elbowed servant-girls , each and all armed with a jug or a brace of jugs , with a sprinkling of black bottles among them , and all bound to one or other of the public-houses which guard the terrace at either end . It is the hour of supper ; and the supper-beer , and the after-supper nightcaps , for those who indulge in them , have to be procured from the publican . This is an occasion upon which Betty scorns to hurry ; but she takes time by the forelock , starting for the beer as soon as the cloth is laid , and before master has finished his pipe , or his game of chess , or Miss Clementina her song , in order that she may have leisure for a little gossip with No . 7 on the one hand , or No . 9 on the other . She goes out without beat of drum , and lets herself in with the street-door key without noise , bringing home , besides the desiderated beverage , the news of the day , and the projects of next-door for the morrow , with , it may be , a plan for the enjoyment of her next monthly holiday . Supper is the last great business of the day upon Our Terrace , which , by eleven at night , is lapped in profound repose . The moon rides high in mid-sky , and the black shadows of the trees lie motionless on the white pavement . Not a footfall is heard abroad ; the only sound that is audible as you put your head out of the window , to look up at the glimmering stars and radiant moon , is the distant and monotonous murmur of the great metropolis , varied now and then by the shrill scream of a far-off railway-whistle , or the ‘ cough , cough , cough ’ of the engine of some late train . We are sober folks on the terrace , and are generally all snug abed before twelve o'clock . The last sound that readies our ears ere we doze off into forgetfulness , is the slow , lumbering , earthquaky advance of a huge outward-bound wagon . We hear it at the distance of half a mile , and note distinctly the crushing and pulverising of every small stone which the broad wheels roll over as they sluggishly proceed on their way . It rocks us in our beds as it passes the house ; and for twenty minutes afterwards , if we are awake so long , we are aware that it is groaning heavily onwards , and shaking the solid earth in its progress — till it sinks away in silence , or we into the land of dreams . SLAVES IN BRITAIN . It has sometimes been predicted , not without plausibility , that if this great empire should sink before the rising genius of some new state , when all it has accomplished in arts and arms , and its wealth , its literature , its machinery , are forgotten , its struggles for humanity in the abolition of negro slavery will stand forth in undiminished lustre . All the steps of this mighty operation are interesting . It is a peculiarity of England and its institutions , that many of the most momentous constitutional conflicts have taken place in the courts of law . In despotic countries , this seldom occurs , because the rulers can bend the courts of law to their pleasure ; but here , even under the worst governments , whatever degree of freedom was really warranted by law , could be secured by the courts of justice . When it was said that the air of Britain was too pure for a slave to breathe in — that his shackles fell off whenever he reached her happy shore — the sentiment was noble ; but the question depended entirely on the law and its technical details . The trials resulting in a decision against slavery , have thus much interest from the influence they exercised on human progress . There seemed to be every probability that the interesting question , whether ownership in slaves continued after they had reached Britain , would have been tried in Scotland . In the middle of last century , a Mr Sheddan had brought home from Virginia a negro slave to be taught a trade . He was baptised , and , learning his trade , began to acquire notions of freedom and citizenship . When the master thought he had been long enough in Scotland to suit his purpose , the negro was put on board a vessel for Virginia . He got a friend , however , to present for him a petition to the Court of Session . The professional report of the case in Morison 's Dictionary of Decisions says : ‘ The Lords appointed counsel for the negro , and ordered memorials , and afterwards a hearing in presence , upon the respective claims of liberty and servitude by the master and the negro ; but during the hearing in presence , the negro died , so the point was not determined . ’ In the English case , to which we shall presently advert , it was maintained , that from the known temper and opinions of the court , the decision , would undoubtedly have been in the negro 's favour . At the time when Mr Grenville Sharp , to his immortal honour , took up in the courts of law the question of personal liberty as a legal right , there was a more serious risk of Britain becoming a slave state than it is now easy to imagine . There was no chance of negroes being employed in gangs in the field or in manufactories , but there was imminent danger of their being brought over and kept in multitudes as domestic servants , just as they are still in some of the southern states of America . Mr Sharp drew attention to the following advertisement in the Public Advertiser of 28th March 1769 , as one of a kind becoming too common : ‘ To be sold , a Black Girl , the property of J . B ——, eleven years of age , who is extremely handy , works at her needle tolerably , and speaks English perfectly well ; is of an excellent temper and willing disposition . ‘ Inquire of Mr Owen , at the Angel Inn , behind St Clement 's Church in the Strand . ’ Mr Sharp 's early conflicts in the law-courts are more romantic than the last and decisive one . He and his brother had found a poor mendicant negro , called Jonathan Strong , in rags on the streets of London . They took him into their service , and after he had become plump , strong , and acquainted with his business , the man who had brought him from the colonies , an attorney , seeing him behind a carriage , set covetous eyes on him . The lad was waylaid on a false message to a public-house , seized , and committed to the Compter , where , however , he managed to make Mr Sharp acquainted with his position . The indefatigable philanthropist had him brought before the lord mayor as sitting magistrate . After hearing the case stated , his lordship said : ‘ The lad had not stolen anything , and was not guilty of any offence , and was therefore at liberty to go away . ’ A captain of a vessel , saying he had been employed by a person who had just bought the youth , to convey him to Jamaica , seized him by the arm as his employer 's property . A lawyer standing behind Mr Sharp , who seems to have been puzzled how to proceed , whispered , ‘ Charge him . ’ Sharp charged the captain with an assault , and as he would have been immediately committed by the lord mayor if he persisted , he let go his hold . The philanthropist was threatened with a prosecution for abstraction of property , but it was abandoned . This occurred in 1767 . The next important case was that of a negro named Lewis . He ‘ had formerly , ’ says Mr Sharp 's biographer , ‘ been a slave in possession of a Mr Stapylton , who now resided at Chelsea . Stapylton , with the aid of two watermen , whom he had hired for that purpose , in a dark night seized the person of Lewis , and , after a struggle , dragged him on his back into the water , and thence into a boat lying in the Thames , where , having first tied his legs , they endeavoured to gag him by running a stick into his mouth ; and then rowing down to a ship bound for Jamaica , whose commander was previously engaged in the wicked conspiracy , they put him on board , to be sold as a slave on his arrival in the island . ’ The negro 's cries , however , were heard ; the struggle was witnessed ; and information given in the quarter whence aid was most likely to come . Mr Sharp lost no time in obtaining a writ of habeas corpus . The ship in the meantime had sailed from Gravesend , but the officer with the writ was able to board her in the Downs . There he saw the negro chained to the mast . The captain was at first furious , and determined to resist ; but he knew the danger of deforcing an officer with , such a writ as a habeas corpus , and found it necessary to yield . The writ came up before Lord Mansfield . He did not go into the general question of slavery , for there was an incidental point on which the case could be decided on the side of humanity — the captain and the persons employing him could not prove their property in the slave , supposing such property lawful . He was not only liberated , but his captors were convicted of assault . These cases , however , did not decide the wide question , whether it was lawful to hold property in negroes in this country . It came at last to be solemnly decided in 1771 , on a habeas corpus in the King 's Bench . Affidavits having been made before Lord Mansfield , that a coloured man , named Somerset , was confined in irons on board a vessel called the Ann and Mary , bound for Jamaica , he granted a habeas corpus against the captain , to compel him to give an account of his authority for keeping the man in custody . Somerset had been a slave in Virginia , the property of a Mr Stewart ; and the captain of the vessel stated that the owner had put him on board , to be conveyed to Jamaica , and there sold . In what was called the return to the writ , the justification for keeping Somerset in restraint was thus quaintly stated :— ‘ That at the time of bringing the said James Somerset from Africa , and long before , there were , and from thence hitherto there have been , and still are , great numbers of negro slaves in Africa ; and that during all the time aforesaid , there hath been , and still is a trade , carried on by his majesty 's subjects from Africa , to his majesty 's colonies or plantations of Virginia and Jamaica , in America , and other colonies and plantations belonging to his majesty in America , for the necessary supplying of the foresaid colonies and plantations with negro slaves . ’ It proceeded to relate with the same verbosity , that the slaves so brought from Africa ‘ have been and are saleable and sold as goods and chattels ; and upon the sale thereof , have become , and been , and are , the slaves and property of the purchasers thereof . ’ It was stated that Mr Stewart , who resided in Virginia , had Somerset as a domestic slave or valet — that having business to transact in London , he took his usual attendant there , intending to take him back to Virginia . Somerset , however , made his escape ; and when he was apprehended , his master , probably believing that he would thenceforth be rather a troublesome valet , changed his intention , and put the negro into the hands of the captain of a vessel bound for Jamaica , that he might be sold there . The pleadings upon the legality of this proceeding were solemn and full . The question was , Whether it was to be held a just inference , from the fact of the slave , being undoubtedly by the law of the day property in the colonies , that , while his colonial master made a temporary stay in Britain , he should be property there also , without any direct law to that effect . Had it been a question of inanimate goods , there would be no reason why the property should not continue in the colonial owner . It would be all one to the inanimate object what hands it was in , and regularity and justice would decree that the person who was owner of it in one country should be so in another . But in these cases there was a separate adverse interest of a very strong character . Was the uniformity of this right of possession sufficient to overrule another right — that which every man , black or white , had to the freedom of his own person , unless there was special law to restrain it ? The counsel for the negro not only pleaded strongly on this his personal right , but on the consequence to the moral condition of the British Empire , if the inhabitants of slave countries could bring their slaves hither . From the strictness of the laws , and the uniformity of the course of justice , if slaves were permitted in England , it was the very place where property in them would be most secure . Thus the country might become a resort of slaveholders , and its boasted purity and freedom would be sadly contaminated . ‘ If that right , ’ said Mr Hargrave , ‘ is here recognised , domestic slavery , with its horrid train of evils , may be lawfully imported into this country , at the discretion of every individual , foreign and native . It will come not only from our own colonies , and those of other European nations , but from Poland , Russia , Spain , and Turkey — from the coast of Barbary , from the western and eastern coasts of Africa — from every part of the world where it still continues to torment and dishonour the human species . ’ The counsel on the other side was the celebrated Mr Dunning , afterwards Lord Ashburton , a friend of freedom , who seems to have undertaken the cause on notions of professional duty , and without any great inclination for it . His first words were : ‘ It is incumbent on me to justify Captain Knowles 's detainer of the negro . ’ He was careful to shew , that he did not in the meantime maintain that there was an absolute property in Somerset — it was sufficient to shew , that there was a sufficient presumption of property to authorise the shipmaster in detaining him until the absolute question of right was solemnly settled . He proceeded to say : ‘ It is my misfortune to address an audience , the greater part of which I fear are prejudiced the other way . But wishes , I am well convinced , will never be allowed by your lordships to enter into the determination of the point . This cause must be what in fact and law it is . Its fate , I trust , therefore , depends on fixed and variable rules , resulting by law from the nature of the case . For myself , I would not be understood to intimate a wish in favour of slavery by any means ; nor , on the other side , to be supposed the maintainer of an opinion contrary to my own judgment . I am bound in duty to maintain those arguments which are most useful to Captain Knowles , as far as is consistent with truth ; and if his conduct has been agreeable to the laws throughout , I am under a further indispensable duty to support it . ’ Much reference was made to the ancient laws of villenage , or semi-slavery , in Britain . Mr Dunning maintained , that these were testimony that a slave was not an utter anomaly in the country . The class of villeins had disappeared , and the law regarding them was abolished in the reign of Charles II . But he maintained , that there was nothing in that circumstance to prohibit others from establishing a claim upon separate grounds . He said : ‘ If the statute of Charles II . ever be repealed , the law of villenage revives in its full force . ’ It was stated that there were in Britain 15 , 000 negroes in the same position with Somerset . They had come over as domestics during the temporary sojourn of their owner-masters , intending to go back again . Then it was observed , that many of the slaves were in ships or in colonies which had not special laws for the support of slavery ; and by the disfranchisement of these , British subjects would lose many millions ’ worth of property , which they believed themselves justly to possess . British justice , however , has held at all times the question of human liberty to be superior to considerations of mere expediency . If the question be , who gains or loses most , there never can be a doubt that the man whose freedom has been reft from him has the greatest of all claims for indulgence . Accordingly , Lord Mansfield , the presiding judge , looking in the face all the threatened evils to property , held that nothing but absolute law could trench on personal freedom . He used on the occasion a Latin expression , to the effect that justice must be done at whatever cost ; it has found its way into use as a classical expression , and as no one has been able to find it in any Latin author , it is supposed to have been of Lord Mansfield 's own coining . ‘ Mr Stewart , ’ he said , ‘ advances no claims on contract ; he rests his whole demand on a right to the negro as slave , and mentions the purpose of detainure of him to be the sending him over to be sold in Jamaica . If the parties will have judgment , fiat justitia ruat coelum — Let justice be done whatever be the consequence . ’ In finally delivering judgment , he concluded in these simple but expressive terms : ‘ The state of slavery is of such a nature , that it is incapable of being introduced , on any reasons , moral or political , but only by positive law , which preserves its force long after the reasons , occasion , and time itself , for which it was created , are erased from memory . It is so odious , that nothing can be suffered to support it but positive law . Whatever inconveniences , therefore , may follow from the decision , I cannot say this case is allowed or approved by the law of England ; and therefore the black must be discharged . ’ A few years afterwards — in 1778 — a case occurred in Scotland , where the question of a master 's rights over a negro slave in Britain was at issue . The right claimed in this case , however , was not of so offensive a nature . The master did not claim the power of seizing the negro as his property . He maintained , however , that their mutual position gave him a right to claim the negro 's services , as if he had engaged himself as a servant for life . Mr Wedderburn had bought in Jamaica a negro named Knight , about twelve years old . He came to Scotland as Mr Wedderburn 's personal servant , married in the country , and for some years seemed contented with his position . Probably at the suggestion of some one who wished to try the question , as it had been tried in England , Knight went off , avowing his intention of being free . Mr Wedderburn applied to a justice of peace , who at once issued a warrant for the negro 's apprehension . The matter , however , came before the sheriff , a professional judge , who decided that the colonial laws of slavery do not extend to Scotland , and that personal service for life is just another term for slavery . After a tedious litigation , this view was affirmed by the Court of Session , and the negro was declared free . The case acquired notice from the interest taken in it by Dr Johnson , and the frequent mention of it in Boswell 's well-known work . THE OLD HOUSEKEEPER 'S TALE . After my good and excellent mistress , Mrs Dacre , departed this life for a better , it seemed as if nothing ever prospered in the family , whom I had the honour of serving in the capacity of confidential housekeeper . Mr Dacre became morose and careless of his affairs ; his sons were a source of great misery to him , pursuing a course of reckless extravagance and heartless dissipation ; while the five young ladies — the youngest of whom , however , had attained the age of twenty-four — cared for little else than dress , and visiting , and empty show . These five young ladies had not amiable dispositions or gentle manners ; but they were first-rate horsewomen , laughed and talked very loud , and were pronounced fine dashing women . There was another member of the family , an orphan niece of my master 's , who had greatly profited by my lamented lady 's teaching and companionship . Miss Marion had devoted herself to the sick-room with even more than a daughter 's love ; and for two years she had watched beside the patient sufferer , when her more volatile and thoughtless cousins refused to credit the approach of death . Miss Marion had just entered her twentieth year ; life had not been all summer with her ; for she remembered scenes of privation and distress , ere the decease of her parents left her , their only child , to the care of affluent relatives . She was a serious and meek , but affectionate creature ; of a most goodly countenance and graceful carriage ; and I used sometimes to think that the Misses Dacre were jealous of the admiration she excited , and kept her in the background as much as possible . It was not difficult to do this , for Miss Marion sought and loved retirement . After Mrs Dacre 's decease , she had expressed an urgent wish to earn her bread by filling the situation of a governess . But the pride of the Dacres revolted at this ; besides , Miss Marion was a comfort to her uncle , when his daughters were absent or occupied . So the dear young lady gave up her own wishes , and strove to do all she could for her generous benefactor , as she was wont to call my master . Circumstances , which it were needless to detail , except to say that , although I had served one mistress satisfactorily , I found it impossible to serve five , determined me to resign the situation I had creditably filled for so many years . I deeply grieved to leave my beloved Miss Marion ; and she , sweet , humble soul , on her part , yearned towards me , and wept a farewell on my bosom . I betook myself , in the first instance , to my brother Thomas Wesley and his wife — a worthy couple without children , renting a small farm nearly a hundred miles off . A very pleasant , small farm it was , situated in a picturesque valley , through which tumbled and foamed a limpid hill-stream , washing the roots of fine old trees , and playing all sorts of antics . This valley was a resort of quiet anglers , and also of artists during the summer season ; and Thomas and Martha Wesley often let a neat parlour and adjoining bedroom to such respectable , steady people as did not object to observe the primitive hours and customs enforced at Fairdown Farm . Here I enjoyed the privilege of writing to , and hearing from , my dear Miss Marion ; and though she never complained , or suffered a murmur to escape her , yet from the tenor of her letters I had great cause to fear things were all going very wrong at Mr Dacre 's , and that her own health , always delicate , was giving way beneath the pressure of anxiety and unkindness . In less than six months after I had quitted the family , a climax , which I had long anticipated with dread , actually arrived . Mr Dacre , suddenly called to his account , was found to have left his temporal affairs involved in inextricable and hopeless ruin ; and amid the general crash and desolation , who was to shield or befriend the poor dependent , the orphan niece , Miss Marion ? She was rudely cast adrift on the cold world ; her proffered sympathy and services tauntingly rejected by those who had now a hard battle to fight on their own account . Broken down in health and spirits , the poor young lady flew to me , her humble , early friend , gratefully and eagerly availing herself of Thomas Wesley 's cordial invitation , to make his house her home for the present . My brother was a kind-hearted , just man ; he had once been to see me when I lived at Mr Dacre 's ; and that gentleman , in his palmy days , was truly hospitable and generous to all comers . Thomas never forgot his reception , and now he was a proud and happy man to be enabled thus to offer ‘ a slight return , ’ as he modestly said , to one of the family . With much concern we all viewed Miss Marion 's wan and careworn looks , so touching in the young ; ‘ But her dim blue een will get bright again , and she 'll fill out — never fear , ’ said Martha Wesley to me , by way of comfort and encouragement , ‘ now we 've got her amongst us , poor dear . I doubt those proud Misses Dacre were not over-tender with such a one as sweet Miss Marion ’ —— ‘ Dame , dame , do n't let that tongue of thine wag so fast , ’ interrupted Thomas , for he never liked to hear people ill spoken of behind their backs , though he would speak out plainly enough to everybody 's face . A few days after Miss Marion 's arrival at Fairdown ( it was just at the hay-making season , and the earth was very beautiful — birds singing and flowers blooming — soft breezes blowing , and musical streamlets murmuring rejoicingly in the sunshine ) , a pedestrian was seen advancing leisurely up the valley , coming in a direction from the neighbouring town — a distance , however , of some miles , and the nearest point where the coach stopped . The stranger , aided in his walk by a stout stick , was a short , thickset , elderly man , clad in brown habiliments from head to foot : a brown , broad-brimmed beaver , an antiquated brown spencer ( a brown wig must not be omitted ) , brown gaiters , and brown cloth boots , completed his attire . His linen was spotless and fine , his countenance rubicund and benevolent ; and when he took off his green spectacles , a pair of the clearest and honestest brown eyes ever set in mortal 's head looked you full in the face . He was a nice , comfortable-looking old gentleman ; and so Thomas and I both thought at the same moment — for Martha was out of the way , and I shewed the apartments for her ; the stranger , who gave his name as Mr Budge , having been directed to our house by the people of the inn where the coach stopped , who were kin to Martha , and well-disposed , obliging persons . Mr Budge said he wanted quietness for some weeks , and the recreation of fishing ; he had come from the turmoil of the great city to relax and enjoy himself , and if Thomas Wesley would kindly consent to receive him as a lodger , he would feel very much obliged . Never did we listen to so pleasant and obliging a mode of speaking ; and when Mr Budge praised the apartments , and admired the country , the conquest of Thomas 's heart was complete . ‘ Besides , ’ as Martha sagaciously remarked , ‘ it was so much better to have a steady old gentleman like this for a lodger , when pretty Miss Marion honoured them as a guest . ’ I thought so too ; my dear young lady being so lone and unprotected by relatives , we all took double care of her . So Mr Budge engaged the rooms , and speedily arrived to take possession , bringing with him a spick-and-span new fishing-rod and basket . He did not know much about fishing , but he enjoyed himself just as thoroughly as if he did ; and he laughed so good-humouredly at his own Cockney blunders , as he called them , that Thomas would have been quite angry had any one else presumed to indulge a smile at Mr Budge 's expense . A pattern lodger in all respects was Mr Budge — deferential towards Martha and myself , and from the first moment he beheld Miss Marion , regarding her as a superior being , yet one to be loved by a mortal for all that . Mr Budge was not a particularly communicative individual himself , though we opined from various observations , that , although not rich , he was comfortably off : but somehow or other , without appearing in the least inquisitive , he managed to obtain the minutest information he required . In this way , he learned all the particulars respecting Miss Marion ; and gathered also from me , my own desire of obtaining a situation , such as I had held at Mr Dacre 's , but in a small and well-regulated household . As to Miss Marion , the kind old gentleman could never shew kindness enough to her ; and he watched the returning roses on her fair cheeks with a solicitude scarcely exceeded by mine . I never wondered at anybody admiring and loving the sweet , patient girl ; but Mr Budge 's admiration and apparent affection so far exceeded the bounds of mere conventional kindness in a stranger , that sometimes I even smilingly conjectured he had the idea of asking her to become Mrs Budge , for he was a widower , as he told us , and childless . Such an idea , however , had never entered Miss Marion 's innocent heart ; and she , always so grateful for any little attention , was not likely to receive with coldness those so cordially lavished on her by her new friend , whom she valued as a truly good man , and not for a polished exterior , in which Mr Budge was deficient . Nay , so cordial was their intimacy , and so much had Miss Marion regained health and cheerfulness , that with unwonted sportiveness , on more than one occasion she actually hid the ponderous brown snuff-box , usually reposing in Mr Budge 's capacious pocket , and only produced it when his distress became real ; whereupon he chuckled and laughed , as if she had performed a mighty clever feat , indulging at the same time , however , in a double pinch . Some pleasant weeks to us all had thus glided away , and Miss Marion was earnestly consulting me about her project of governessing , her health being now so restored ; and I , for my part , wanted to execute my plans for obtaining a decent livelihood , as I could not think of burdening Thomas and Martha any longer , loath as they were for me to leave them . Some pleasant weeks , I say , had thus glided away , when Mr Budge , with much ceremony and circumlocution , as if he had deeply pondered the matter , and considered it very weighty and important , made a communication which materially changed and brightened my prospects . It was to the effect , that an intimate friend of his , whom he had known , he said , all his life , required the immediate services of a trustworthy housekeeper , to take the entire responsible charge of his house . ‘ My friend , ’ continued Mr Budge , tapping his snuff-box complacently , his brown eyes twinkling with the pleasure of doing a kind act , for his green specs were in their well-worn case at his elbow — ‘ My friend is about my age — a sober chap , you see , Mrs Deborah ; ‘ here a chuckle — ‘ and he has no wife and no child to take care of him ’ — here a slight sigh : ‘ he has lately bought a beautiful estate , called Sorel Park , and it is there you will live , with nobody to interfere with you , as the lady-relative who will reside with my friend is a most amiable and admirable young lady ; and I am sure , Mrs Deborah , you will become much attached to her . ‘ By the by , Mrs Deborah , ’ he continued , after pondering for a moment , ‘ will you do me a favour to use your influence to prevent Miss Marion from accepting any appointment for the present , as after you are established at Sorel Park , I think I know of a home that may suit her ? ’ I do not know which I felt most grateful or delighted for — my own prospects , or my dear Miss Marion 's ; though certainly hers were more vague and undefined than mine , for the remuneration offered for my services was far beyond my expectation , and from Mr Budge 's description of Sorel Park , it seemed to be altogether a place beyond my most sanguine hopes . I said something about Miss Marion , and my hope that she might be as fortunate as myself ; and Mr Budge , I was happy to see , was quite fervent in his response . ‘ My friend , ’ said he , at the close of the interview , ‘ will not arrive to take possession of Sorel Park until you , Mrs Deborah , have got all things in order ; and as I know that he is anxious for the time to arrive , the sooner you can set out on your journey thither the better . I also must depart shortly , but I hope to return hither again . ’ Important business required Mr Budge 's personal attention , and with hurried adieus to us all , he departed from Fairdown ; and in compliance with his request , I set off for Sorel Park , leaving my beloved Miss Marion to the care of Thomas and Martha for the present . The owner of this fine place was not as yet known there ; for Mr Budge , being a managing man , had taken everything upon himself , and issued orders with as lordly an air as if there was nobody in the kingdom above the little brown man . The head-gardener , and some of the other domestics , informed me they had been engaged by Mr Budge himself , who , I apprehended , made very free and busy with the concerns of his friend . Sorel Park was a princely domain , and there was an air of substantial comfort about the dwelling and its appointments , which spoke volumes of promise as to domestic arrangements in general . I soon found time to write a description of the place to Miss Marion , for I knew how interested she was in all that concerned her faithful Deborah ; and I anxiously awaited the tidings she had promised to convey — of Mr Budge having provided as comfortably for her as he had for me . I at length received formal notification of the day and hour the owner of Sorel Park expected to arrive , accompanied by his female relative . This was rather earlier than I had been led to expect ; but all things being in order for their reception , I felt glad at their near approach , for I was strangely troubled and nervous to get this introduction over . I was very anxious , too , about my dear Miss Marion ; for I knew that some weighty reason alone prevented her from answering my letter , though what that reason could be , it was impossible for me to conjecture . The momentous day dawned ; the hours glided on ; and the twilight hour deepened . The superior servants and myself stood ready to receive the travellers , listening to every sound ; and startled , nevertheless , when the rapid approach of carriage-wheels betokened their close proximity . With something very like disappointment , for which I accused myself of ingratitude , I beheld Mr Budge , browner than ever , alight from the chariot , carefully assisting a lady , who seemed in delicate health , as she was muffled up like a mummy . Mr Budge returned my respectful salutation most cordially , and said , with a smile , as he bustled forwards to the saloon , where a cheerful fire blazed brightly on the hearth — for it was a chill evening : ‘ I 've brought your new mistress home , you see , Mrs Deborah ; but you want to know where your new master is — eigh ? Well , come along , and this young lady will tell you all about the old fellow . ’ I followed them into the apartment ; Mr Budge shut the door ; the lady flung aside her veil , and my own dear , sweet Miss Marion clasped me round the neck , and sobbed hysterically in my arms . ‘ Tell her , my darling , ’ said Mr Budge , himself quite husky , and turning away to wipe off a tear from his ruddy cheek — ‘ tell her , my darling , you 're the mistress of Sorel Park ; and when you 've made the good soul understand that , tell her we 'd like a cup of tea before we talk about the master . ’ ‘ O my dear Miss Marion ! ’ was all I could utter ; ‘ what does this mean ? Am I in a dream ? ’ But it was not a happy dream ; for when I had a moment to reflect , my very soul was troubled as I thought of the sacrifice of all her youthful aspirations , made by that poor , gentle creature , for the sake of a secure and comfortable home in this stormy world . I could not reconcile myself to the idea of Mr Budge and Marion as man and wife ; and as I learned , ere we retired to rest that night , I had no occasion to do so . Mr Budge was Miss Marion 's paternal uncle , her mother , Miss Dacre , having married his elder brother . These brothers were of respectable birth , but inferior to the Dacres ; and while the elder never prospered in any undertaking , and finally died of a broken heart , the younger , toiling in foreign climes , gradually amassed a competency . On returning to his native land , he found his brother no more , and the orphan girl he had left behind placed with her mother 's relatives . Mr Budge had a great dread of appearing before these proud patrician people , who had always openly scorned his deceased brother ; and once accidentally encountering them at a public f ê te , the contumelious bearing of the young ladies towards the little brown gentleman deterred him from any nearer approach . No doubt , he argued , his brother 's daughter was deeply imbued with similar principles , and would blush to own a ‘ Mr Budge ’ for her uncle ! This name he had adopted as the condition of inheriting a noble fortune unexpectedly bequeathed by a plebeian , but worthy and industrious relative , only a few years previous to the period when Providence guided his footsteps to Fairdown Farm and Miss Marion . The moderate competency Mr Budge had hitherto enjoyed , and which he had toiled hard for , now augmented to ten times the amount , sorely perplexed and troubled him ; and after purchasing Sorel Park , he had flown from the turmoil of affluence , to seek peace and obscurity for awhile , under pretext of pursuing the philosophical recreation of angling . How unlike the Misses Dacre was the fair and gracious creature he encountered at Fairdown ! And not a little the dear old gentleman prided himself on his talents for what he called diplomacy — arranging his plans , he said , ‘ just like a book-romance . ’ After my departure , he returned to Fairdown , and confided the wonderful tidings to Thomas and Martha Wesley , more cautiously imparting them to Miss Marion , whose gentle spirits were more easily fluttered by sudden surprise . For several years , Mr Budge paid an annual visit to Fairdown , when the trout-fishing season commenced ; and many useful and valuable gifts found their way into Thomas 's comfortable homestead , presented by dear Miss Marion . In the course of time , she became the wife of one worthy of her in every respect — their lovely children often sportively carrying off the ponderous box of brown rappee , and yet Uncle Budge never frowning . These darlings cluster round my knees , and one , more demure than the rest , thoughtfully asks : ‘ Why is Uncle Budge 's hair not snowy white , like yours , dear Deb ? For Uncle Budge says he is very old , and that God will soon call him away from us . ’ ADVENTURES IN JAPAN . For above two hundred years , the unknown millions of Japan have been shut up in their own islands , forbidden , under the severest penalties , either to admit foreigners on their shores , or themselves to visit any other realm in the world . The Dutch are permitted to send two ships in a year to the port of Nangasaki , where they are received with the greatest precaution , and subjected to a surveillance even more degrading than was that formerly endured by the Europeans at Canton . Any other foreigner whom misfortune or inadvertence may land on their shores , is doomed to perpetual imprisonment ; and even if one of their own people should pass twelve months out of the country , he is , on his return , kept for life at the capital , and suffered no more to join his family , or mingle at large in the business or social intercourse of life . In pursuance of this policy , it is believed that the Japanese government now holds in captivity several subjects of the United States , and it is expected that an armament will be sent to rescue them by force . Since this announcement has been made , and the general expectation has been raised that Japan will soon have to submit , like China , to surrender its isolation , and enter into relations with the rest of the civilised world , there has seasonably appeared an English reprint of a work hitherto little known among us — a personal narrative of a Japanese captivity of two years and a half , by an officer in the Russian navy . [ 1 ] If we may judge from its details , our transatlantic friends had need to keep all their eyes wide open in dealing with this people . The leading circumstances connected with Captain Golownin 's captivity were the following :— In the year 1803 , the Chamberlain Resanoff was sent by the Emperor Alexander , to endeavour to open friendly relations with Japan , and sailed from the eastern coasts in a merchant vessel belonging to the American Company . But receiving a peremptory message of dismissal , and refusal of all intercourse , he returned to Okhotsk , and died on his way to St Petersburg . Lieutenant Chwostoff , however , who had commanded the vessel , put to sea again on his own responsibility , attacked and destroyed several Japanese villages on the Kurile Islands , and carried off some of the inhabitants . In the year 1811 , Captain Golownin , commander of the imperial war-sloop Diana , lying at Kamtschatka , received orders from head-quarters to make a particular survey of the southern Kurile Islands , and the coast of Tartary . In pursuance of his instructions , he was sailing without any flag near the coast of Eetooroop ( Staaten ) , when he was met by some Russian Kuriles , who informed him that they had been seized , and were still detained prisoners , on account of the Chwostoff outrage . They persuaded the captain to take one of them on board as an interpreter , and proceed to Kunashir , to make such explanations as might exonerate the Russian government in this matter . The Japanese chief of the island further assured the Russians , that they could obtain a supply of wood , water , and fresh provisions at Kunashir ; and he furnished them with a letter to its governor . The reception of the Diana at Kunashir was , in the first instance , a vigorous but ineffective discharge of guns from the fortress , the walls of which were so completely hung with striped cloth , that it was impossible to form any opinion of the size or strength of the place . After some interchange , however , of allegorical messages , conveyed by means of drawings floated in empty casks , Golownin was invited on shore by the beckoning of white fans . Concealing three brace of pistols in his bosom , and leaving a well-armed boat close to the shore , with orders that the men should watch his movements , and act on his slightest signal , he ventured on a landing , accompanied by the Kurile Alexei and a common sailor . The lieutenant-governor soon appeared . He was in complete armour , and attended by two soldiers , one of whom carried his long spear , and the other his cap or helmet , which was adorned with a figure of the moon . ‘ It is scarcely possible , ’ says the narrator , ‘ to conceive anything more ludicrous than the manner in which the governor walked . His eyes were cast down and fixed on the earth , and his hands pressed closely against his sides , whilst he proceeded at so slow a pace , that he scarcely moved one foot beyond the other , and kept his feet wide apart . I saluted him after the European fashion , upon which he raised his left hand to his forehead , and bowed his whole body towards the ground . ’ In the conversation that ensued , the governor expressed his regret that the ignorance of the Japanese respecting the object of this visit should have occasioned them to fire upon the Diana . He then closely interrogated the captain as to the course and objects of his voyage , his name , the name of his emperor , and whether he knew anything of Resanoff . On the first of these heads , Golownin deemed it prudent to use some deception , and he stated that he was proceeding to St Petersburg , from the eastern extremity of the Russian Empire ; that contrary winds had considerably lengthened his voyage ; and that , being greatly in want of wood and fresh water , he had been looking on the coasts for a safe harbour where these might be procured , and had been directed by an officer at Eetooroop to Kunashir . To all the other questions , he returned suitable answers , which were carefully written down . The conference ended most amicably , and the captain was invited to smoke tobacco , and partake of some tea , sagi , [ 2 ] and caviar . Everything was served on a separate dish , and presented by a different individual , armed with a poniard and sabre ; and these attendants , instead of going away after handing anything to the guests , remained standing near , till at length they were surrounded by a formidable circle of armed men . Golownin would not stoop to betray alarm or distrust , but having brought some French brandy as a present to the governor , he desired his sailors to draw a bottle , and took this opportunity of repeating his order , that they should hold themselves in readiness . There appeared , however , no intention of resorting to violence . When he prepared to depart , the governor presented a flask of sagi , and some fresh fish , pointing out to him at the same time a net which had been cast to procure a larger supply . He also gave him a white fan , with which he was to beckon , as a sign of amity , when he came on shore again . The whole draught of fish was sent on board in the evening . On the following day , the captain , according to appointment , paid another visit on shore , accompanied by two officers , Alexei , and four seamen carrying the presents intended for the Japanese . On this occasion , the former precautions were dispensed with ; the boat was hauled up to the shore , and left with one seaman , while the rest of the party proceeded to the castle . The result was , that after a renewal of the friendly explanations and entertainments of the preceding day , the treacherous Japanese threw off the mask , and made prisoners of the whole party . ‘ The first thing done , was to tie our hands behind our backs , and conduct us into an extensive but low building , which resembled a barrack , and which was situated opposite to the tent in the direction of the shore . Here we were placed on our knees , and bound in the cruelest manner with cords about the thickness of a finger ; and as though this were not enough , another binding of smaller cords followed , which was still more painful . The Japanese are exceedingly expert at this work ; and it would appear that they conform to some precise regulation in binding their prisoners , for we were all tied exactly in the same manner . There was the same number of knots and nooses , and all at equal distances , on the cords with which each of us was bound . There were loops round our breasts and necks ; our elbows almost touched each other , and our hands were firmly bound together . From these fastenings proceeded a long cord , the end of which was held by a Japanese , and which , on the slightest attempt to escape , required only to be drawn to make the elbows come in contact with the greatest pain , and to tighten the noose about the neck to such a degree as almost to produce strangulation . Besides all this , they tied our legs in two places — above the knees and above the ankles ; they then passed ropes from our necks over the cross-beams of the building , and drew them so tight , that we found it impossible to move . Their next operation was searching our pockets , out of which they took everything , and then proceeded very quietly to smoke tobacco . While they were binding us , the lieutenant-governor shewed himself twice , and pointed to his mouth , to intimate , perhaps , that it was intended to feed , not to kill us . ’ After some hours , the legs and ankles of the prisoners were partially loosed , and preparations were made for removing them to Matsmai , which seems to be the head-quarters of government for the Kurile dependencies of Japan . The journey , which occupied above a month , was performed partly in boats , which were dragged along the shore , and even for miles over the land ; and partly on foot , the captives being marched in file , each led with a cord by a particular conductor , and having an armed soldier abreast of him . It was evident , however , that whatever was rigorous in their treatment , was not prompted by personal feelings of barbarity , but by the stringency of the law , which would have made the guards answerable for their prisoners with their own lives . They were always addressed with the greatest respect ; and , as soon as it was deemed safe , their hands , which were in a dreadfully lacerated state , were unbound , and surgically treated ; but not till their persons had been again most carefully searched , that no piece of metal might remain about them , lest they might contrive to destroy themselves . Suicide is , in Japan , the fashionable mode of terminating a life which cannot be prolonged but in circumstances of dishonour : to rip up one 's own bowels in such a case , wipes away every stain on the character . The guards of the Russian captives not only used every precaution against this , but carefully watched over their health and comfort , carrying them over the shallowest pools and streamlets , lest their feet should be wet , and assiduously beating off the gnats and flies , which would have been annoying . At every village , crowds of both sexes , young and old , turned out to see these unfortunate men ; but there was nothing like insult or mockery in the demeanour of any — pity appeared to be the universal feeling : many begged permission from the guards to offer sagi , comfits , fruits , and other delicacies ; and these were presented often with tears of compassion , as well as gestures of respect . The prison to which Golownin and his companions were finally committed had been constructed expressly for their habitation in the town of Matsmai . It was a quadrangular wooden building , 25 paces long , 15 broad , and 12 feet high . Three sides of it were dead-wall , the fourth was formed of strong spars . Within this structure were two apartments , formed likewise of wooden spars , so as to resemble cages : one was appropriated to the officers , the other to the sailors and Alexei . The building was surrounded by a high wall or paling , outside of which were the kitchen , guard-house , & c ., enclosed by another paling . This outer enclosure was patrolled by common soldiers ; but no one was allowed within , except the physician , who visited daily , and the orderly officers , who looked through the spars every half-hour . Of course , it was rather a cold lodging ; but , as winter advanced , a hole was dug a few feet from each cage , built round with freestone , and filled with sand , upon which charcoal was afterwards kept burning . Benches were provided for them to sleep on , and two of the orderlies presented them with bear-skins ; but the native fashion is to lie on a thick , wadded quilt , folded together , and laid on the floor , which , even in the poorest dwellings , is covered with soft straw-mats . A large wadded dress , made of silk or cotton , according to the circumstances of the wearer , serves for bed-clothes — which seem to be quite unknown ; and while the poorer classes have only a piece of wood for a pillow , the richer fasten a cushion on the neat boxes which contain their razors , scissors , pomatum , tooth-brushes , and other toilet requisites . But while the comfort of the captives was attended to in many minor matters , there was no relaxation of the vigilance used to preclude the possibility of self-destruction . They were not allowed scissors or knife to cut their nails , but were obliged to thrust their hands through the palisades , to get this office performed for them . When they were indulged with smoking , it was with a very long pipe held between the spars , and furnished with a wooden ball fixed about the middle , to prevent its being drawn wholly within the cage . For weeks together they were brought daily before the bunyo ( governor of the town , and probably lord-lieutenant of all the Japanese Kurile Islands ) , bound and harnessed like horses as before . The ostensible object of these examinations , which frequently lasted the whole day , was to ascertain for what purpose they had come near Japan , and what they knew of Resanoff and Chwostoff — for a singularly unfortunate combination of circumstances had arisen to give colour to the suspicion , that some of their party had been connected with that expedition . But for one inquiry connected with the case , there were fifty that were wholly irrelevant , and prompted by mere curiosity . The most trivial questions were put several times and in different forms , and every answer was carefully written down . Golownin was often puzzled , irritated , and quite at the end of his stock of patience ; but that of the interrogators appeared interminable . They said , that by writing down everything they were told , whether true or false , and comparing the various statements they received , they were enabled through time to separate truth from fiction , and the practice was very improving . At the close of almost every examination , the bunyo exhorted them not to despair , but to offer up prayers to Heaven , and patiently await the emperor 's decision . Presently new work was found for them . An intelligent young man was brought to their prison , to be taught the Russian language . To this the captain consented , having no confidence in the Kurile Alexei as an interpreter , and being desirous himself to gain some knowledge of Japanese . Teske made rapid progress , and soon became a most useful and kindly companion to the captives . Books , pens , and paper were now allowed them in abundance ; and their mode of treatment was every way improved . But by and by , they were threatened with more pupils ; a geometrician and astronomer from the capital was introduced to them , and would gladly have been instructed in their mode of taking observations . Other learned men were preparing to follow , and it was now evident that the intention of the Japanese government was to reconcile them to their lot , and retain them for the instruction of the nation . Indeed , this appears to be the great secret of the policy of detaining for life instead of destroying the hapless foreigners that light on these shores ; as the avowed motive for tolerating the commercial visits of the Dutch is , that they furnish the only news of public events that ever reach Japan . Fearful of becoming known to other nations for fear of invasion , they are yet greedy of information respecting them , and many were the foolish questions they asked Golownin about the emperor of Russia , his dress , habitation , forces , and territories . Golownin , on his part , endeavoured to elicit all the information he could gain with respect to the numbers , resources , government , and religion of this singular people . He found it impossible to ascertain the amount of the population ; indeed , it seems it would be very difficult for the government itself to obtain a census , for millions of the poor live abroad in the streets , fields , or woods , having no spot which they can call a home . Teske shewed a map of the empire , having every town and village marked on it ; and though on a very large scale , it was thickly covered . He pointed out on it a desert , which is considered immense , because litters take a whole day to traverse it , and meet with only one village during the journey . It is perhaps fifteen miles across . The city of Yedo was usually set down by Europeans as containing 1 , 000 , 000 inhabitants ; but Golownin was informed , that it had in its principal streets 280 , 000 houses , each containing from 30 to 40 persons ; besides all the small houses and huts . This would give in the whole a population of above 10 , 000 , 000 souls — about a fourth part of the estimated population of this country ! The incorporated society of the blind alone is affirmed to include 36 , 000 . The country , though lying under the same latitudes as Spain and Italy , is yet very different from them in climate . At Matsmai , for instance , which is on the same parallel as Leghorn , snow falls as abundantly as at St Petersburg , and lies in the valleys from November till April . Severe frost is uncommon , but cold fogs are exceedingly prevalent . The climate , however , is uncommonly diversified , and consequently so are the productions , exhibiting in some places the vegetation of the frigid zone , and in others that of the tropics . Rice is the staple production of the soil . It is nearly the only article used instead of bread , and the only one from which strong liquor is distilled , while its straw serves for many domestic purposes . Besides the radishes already mentioned , there is an extensive cultivation of various other esculent roots and vegetables . There is no coast without fisheries , and there is no marine animal that is not used for food , save those which are absolutely poisonous . But an uncommonly small quantity suffices for each individual . If a Japanese has a handful of rice and a single mouthful of fish , he makes a savoury dish with roots , herbs , or mollusca , and it suffices for a day 's support . Japan produces both black and green tea ; the former is very inferior , and used only for quenching thirst ; whereas the latter is esteemed a luxury , and is presented to company . The best grows in the principality of Kioto , where it is carefully cultivated for the use both of the temporal and spiritual courts . Tobacco , which was first introduced by the European missionaries , has spread astonishingly , and is so well manufactured , that our author smoked it with a relish he had never felt for a Havana cigar . The Japanese smokes continually , and sips tea with his pipe , even rising for it during the night . All articles of clothing are made of silk or cotton . The former appears to be very abundant , as rich dresses of it are worn even by the common soldiers on festive days ; and it may be seen on people of all ranks even in poor towns . The fabrics are at least equal to those of China . The cotton of Japan seems to be of the same kind as that of our West Indian colonies . It furnishes the ordinary dress of the great mass of the people , and also serves all the other purposes for which we employ wool , flax , furs , and feathers . The culture of it is , of course , very extensive ; but the fabrics are all coarse : Golownin could hardly make himself believe that his muslin cravat was of this material . There is some hemp , which is manufactured into cloth for sails , & c .; but cables and ropes , very inferior to ours , are made from the bark of a tree called kadyz . This bark likewise supplies materials for thread , lamp-wicks , writing-paper , and the coarse paper used for pocket-handkerchiefs . There is no lack of fruit-trees , as the orange , lemon , peach , plum , fig , chestnut , and apple ; but the vine yields only a small , sour grape , perhaps for want of culture . Timber-trees grow only in the mountainous districts , which are unfit for cultivation . Camphor is produced abundantly in the south , and large quantities of it are exported by the Dutch and Chinese . The celebrated varnish of Japan , drawn from a tree called silz , is so plentiful , that it is used for lacquering the most ordinary utensils . Its natural colour is white , but it assumes any that is given to it by mixture . The best varnished vessels reflect the face as in a mirror , and hot water may be poured into them without occasioning the least smell . The chief domestic animals are horses and oxen for draught ; cats and dogs are kept for the same uses as with us ; and swine furnish food to the few sects who eat flesh . Sheep and goats seem to be quite unknown : the Russian captives had to make drawings of the former , to convey some idea of the origin of wool . There are considerable mines of gold and silver in several parts of the empire , but the government does not permit them to be all worked , for fear of depreciating the value of these metals . They supply , with copper , the material of the currency , and are also liberally used in the decoration of public buildings , and in the domestic utensils of the wealthy . There is a sufficiency of quicksilver , lead , and tin , for the wants of the country ; and one island is entirely covered with sulphur . Copper is very abundant , and of remarkably fine quality . All kitchen utensils , tobacco-pipes , and fire-shovels , are made of it ; and so well made , that our author mentions his tea-kettle as having stood on the fire , like all other Japanese kettles , day and night for months , without burning into holes . This metal is likewise employed for sheathing ships , and covering the joists and flat roofs of houses . Iron is less abundant , and much that is used is obtained from the Dutch . Nails alone , of which immense numbers are used in all carpentry-work , consume a large quantity . Diamonds , cornelians , jaspers , some very fine agates , and other precious stones , are found ; but the natives seem not well to understand polishing them . Pearls are abundant ; but not being considered ornamental , they are reserved for the Chinese market . Steel and porcelain are the manufactures in which the Japanese chiefly excel , besides those in silk-stuffs and lacquered ware already mentioned . Their porcelain is far superior to the Chinese , but it is scarce and dear . With respect to steel manufactures , the sabres and daggers of Japan yield only perhaps to those of Damascus ; and Golownin says their cabinet-makers ’ tools might almost be compared with the English . In painting , engraving , and printing , they are far behind ; and they seem to have no knowledge of ship-building or navigation beyond what suffices for coasting voyages , though they have intelligent and enterprising sailors . There is an immense internal traffic , for facilitating which there are good roads and bridges where water-carriage is impracticable . These distant Orientals have likewise bills of exchange and commercial gazettes . The emperor enjoys a monopoly of the foreign commerce . It is popularly said , that Japan has two emperors — one spiritual , and the other temporal . The former , however , having no share in the administration of the empire , and seldom even hearing of state affairs , is no sovereign according to the ideas we attach to that term . He seems to stand much in the same relation to the emperor that the popes once did to the sovereigns of Europe . He governs Kioto as a small independent state ; receives the emperor to an interview once in seven years ; is consulted by him on extraordinary emergencies ; receives occasional embassies and presents from him , and bestows his blessing in return . His dignity , unlike that of the Roman pontiffs , is hereditary , and he is allowed twelve wives , that his race may not become extinct . According to Japanese records , the present dynasty , including about 130 Kin-reys , has been maintained in a direct line for above twenty-four centuries . The person of the Kin-rey is so sacred , that no ordinary mortal may see any part of him but his feet , and that only once a year ; every vessel which he uses must be broken immediately ; for if another should even by accident eat or drink out of it , he must be put to death . Every garment which he wears must be manufactured by virgin hands , from the earliest process in the preparation of the silk . The adherents of the aboriginal Japanese religion , of which the Kin-rey is the head , adore numerous divinities called Kami , or immortal spirits , to whom they offer prayers , flowers , and sometimes more substantial gifts . They also worship Kadotski , or saints — mortals canonised by the Kin-rey — and build temples in their honour . The laws concerning personal and ceremonial purity , which form the principal feature of this religion , are exceedingly strict , not unlike those imposed on the ancient Jews . There are several orders of priests , monks , and nuns , whose austerity , like that of Europe , is maintained in theory more than in practice . Three other creeds , the Brahminical , the Confucian , and that which deifies the heavenly bodies , have many adherents ; but their priests all acknowledge a certain religious supremacy to exist in the Kin-rey . There is universal toleration in these matters ; every citizen may profess what faith he chooses , and change it as often as he chooses , without any one inquiring into his reasons ; only it must be a spontaneous choice , for proselyting is forbidden by law . Christianity alone is proscribed , and that on account of the political mischief said to have been effected through its adherents in the seventeenth century . There is a law , by which no one may hire a servant without receiving a certificate of his not being a Christian ; and on New-Year 's Day , which is a great national festival , all the inhabitants of Nangasaki are obliged to ascend a staircase , and trample on the crucifix , and other insignia of the Romish faith , which are laid on the steps as a test . It is said that many perform the act in violation of their feelings . So much of the religious state of the empire Golownin elicited in conversation with Teske and others ; but everything on this subject was communicated with evident reluctance ; and though in the course of the walks which they were permitted to take in harness , the Russian captives sometimes saw the interior of the temples , they were never permitted to enter while any religious rites were celebrated . With respect to the civil administration of Japan , our author seems to have gathered little that was absolutely new to us . The empire comprises above 200 states , which are governed as independent sovereignties by princes called Damyos , who frame and enforce their own laws . Though most of these principalities are very small , some of them are powerful : the damyo of Sindai , for instance , visits the imperial court with a retinue of 60 , 000 . Their dependence on the emperor appears chiefly in their being obliged to maintain a certain number of troops , which are at his disposal . Those provinces which belong directly to the emperor , are placed under governors called Bunyos , whose families reside at the capital as hostages . Every province has two bunyos , each of whom spends six months in the government and six at Yedo . The supreme council of the emperor consists of five sovereign princes , who decide on all ordinary measures without referring to him . An inferior council of fifteen princes or nobles presides over important civil and criminal cases . The general laws are few and well known . They are very severe ; but the judges generally find means of evading them where their enforcement would involve a violation of those of humanity . In some cases , as in conjugal infidelity or filial impiety , individuals are permitted to avenge their own wrong , even to the taking of life . Civil cases are generally decided by arbitrators , and only when they fail to settle a matter is there recourse to the public courts of justice . Taxes are generally paid to the reigning prince or emperor , in tithes of the agricultural , manufactured , or other productions of the country . Such were some of the leading particulars ascertained by Golownin concerning the social and civil condition of this singular people . He says , they always appeared very happy , and their demeanour was characterised by lively and polite manners , with the most imperturbable good temper . It seems at length to have been through fear of a Russian invasion , rather than from any sense of justice , that his Japanese majesty , in reply to the importunities of the officers of the Diana , consented to release the captives , on condition of receiving from the Russian government a solemn disavowal of having sanctioned the proceedings of Chwostoff . Having obtained this , the officers repaired for the fourth time to these unfriendly shores , and enjoyed the happiness of embracing their companions , and taking them on board . FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] Japan and the Japanese . By Captain Golownin . London : Colburn & Co. 1852 . [ 2 ] Sagi is the strong drink of Japan , distilled from rice . THINGS TALKED OF IN LONDON . July 1852 . When we shall have a constant supply of pure water — a complete system of efficient and innoxious sewers — a service of street hydrants — when the Thames shall cease to be the cloaca maxima , are questions to which , however seriously asked , it is not easy to get an answer . Add to these grievances , the delay of proper regulations for abolishing intramural interments , and the fact that Smithfield is not to be removed further than Copenhagen Fields — a locality already surrounded with houses — and it will occasion no surprise that the authorities are treated with anything but compliments . The laying down of an under-sea telegraph wire across the Irish Channel , may be taken as a new instance of the indifference consequent on familiarity . When the line was laid from Dover to Calais , the whole land rang with the fact ; but now the sinking of a wire three times the length , in a channel three times the width , excites scarcely a remark , and seems to be looked on as a matter of course . The wire , which is eighty miles in length , is said to weigh eighty tons . It was payed out and sunk from the deck of the Britannia , at the rate of from three to five miles an hour , and was successfully laid , from Holyhead to Howth , in from twelve to fifteen hours ; and now a message may be flashed from Trieste to Galway in a period brief enough to satisfy the most impatient . The means of travel to the East , too , are becoming tangible in the Egyptian railway , of which some thirty miles are in a state of forwardness , besides which a hotel is to be built at Thebes ; so that travellers , no longer compelled to bivouac in the desert , will find a teeming larder and well-aired beds in the land of the Sphinxes . And , better still , among a host of beneficial reforms to take place in our Customs ’ administration , there is one which provides that the baggage of travellers arriving in the port of London shall be examined as they come up the river , instead of being sent to the Custom-house . By a report of the Astronomer-royal to the Board of Visitors , who have lately made their annual inspection of the Greenwich Observatory , we are informed , of a singular fact , that observations of the pole-star shew that its position varies some three or four seconds on repeating the observations at intervals of a few months , and this notwithstanding the extreme accuracy of the transit circle . The only explanation which can as yet be given for this phenomenon is , that the earth , solid as it appears , is liable to slight occasional movements or oscillations . We shall know , in a few weeks , the result of the telegraphic correspondence with the Observatory at Paris — one interesting point being , as to whether the respective longitudes , as at present determined , will be verified by the galvanic test . Besides which , Greenwich time is to be sent every day to London , where a pole , with a huge sliding-ball , has been fixed on the top of the Telegraph Office , near Charing Cross . This ball is to be made to descend at one o'clock simultaneously with the well-known ball which surmounts the Observatory ; and thus scientific inquirers — to say nothing of the crowds who will daily throng the footways of the Strand to witness the downcome — will be informed of the true time , while , by means of the wires , it may be flashed to all parts of the kingdom . The lecture with which Professor Faraday wound up the course at the Royal Institution may be mentioned here , seeing that it adds somewhat to our knowledge of the theory and phenomena of magnetism . As usual , the lecture-room was crowded ; and those who could not understand , had at least the satisfaction of being able to say they were present . Mr Faraday , who , enlarging upon his view , announced , a short time since , that there are such things as magnetic lines of force , now contends that these lines have a ‘ physical character ’ — a point most satisfactorily proved by sundry experiments during the lecture . The inquiry is one , as Mr Faraday observes , on the ‘ very edge of science , ’ trenching on the bounds of speculation ; but such as eminently to provoke research . The phenomena , he says , ‘ lead on , by deduction and correction , to the discovery of new phenomena ; and so cause an increase and advancement of real physical truth , which , unlike the hypothesis that led to it , becomes fundamental knowledge , not subject to change . ’ A chief point of discussion to which the investigations have led is : Whether the phenomena of what we call gravity may not be resolvable into those of magnetism — a force acting at a distance , or by lines of power . ‘ There is one question , ’ continues Mr Faraday , ‘ in relation to gravity , which , if we could ascertain or touch it , would greatly enlighten us . It is , whether gravitation requires time . If it did , it would shew undeniably that a physical agency existed in the course of the line of force . It seems equally impossible to prove or disprove this point ; since there is no capability of suspending , changing , or annihilating the power ( gravity ) , or annihilating the matter in which the power resides . ’ The lines of magnetic force may have ‘ a separate existence , ’ but as yet we are unable to tell whether these lines ‘ are analogous to those of gravitation , acting at a distance ; or whether , having a physical existence , they are more like in their nature to those of electric induction or the electric current . ’ Mr Faraday inclines at present to the latter view . He ‘ affirms ’ the lines of magnetic force from actual experiment , and ‘ advocates ’ their physical nature ‘ chiefly with a view of stating the question of their existence ; and though , ’ he adds , ‘ I should not have raised the argument unless I had thought it both important and likely to be answered ultimately in the affirmative , I still hold the opinion with some hesitation , with as much , indeed , as accompanies any conclusion I endeavour to draw respecting points in the very depths of science — as , for instance , one , two , or no electric fluids ; or the real nature of a ray of light ; or the nature of attraction , even that of gravity itself ; or the general nature of matter . ’ These are profound views ; but we may reasonably conclude , that , however obscure they may at present appear , they will in time be cleared up and further developed by the gifted philosopher from whom they emanate . Of minor matters which have been more or less talked about , there is the Library for the Working-Classes , just opened in the parish of St Martin-in-the-Fields — a praiseworthy example for other parishes , but not to be followed unless the readers actually exist , and manifest the sort of want which books alone can satisfy . A suggestion has been made , to use for books in hot climates , where paper is liable to rapid decay , the sheet-iron exhibited at Breslau , which is as thin and pliant as paper , and can be produced at the rate of more than 7000 feet to the hundredweight . This would be something new in the application of metal . Metallurgy generally is being further investigated by Leonhard of Heidelberg , who has just called on manufacturers to aid him in his researches , by sending him specimens of scori æ, particularly of those which are crystallised . Then there is Mr Hesketh 's communication to the Institute of British Architects , ‘ On the Admission of Daylight into Buildings , particularly in the Narrow and Confined Localities of Towns ; ’ in which , after shewing that the proportion of light admitted to buildings is generally inadequate to their cubical contents , and means for estimating the numerical value of that which really does enter , he states that the defect may be remedied by the use of reflectors , contrived so as to be ‘ neither obstructive nor unsightly . ’ He explains , that ‘ a single reflector may generally be placed on either the outside or inside of a window or skylight , so as to throw the light from the ( perhaps small ) portion of sky which remains unobscured overhead , to any part in which more light is required . ’ Such difficulties of position or construction as present themselves , ‘ may be overcome in almost every case , by , as it were , cutting up the single reflector into strips , and arranging them one above the other , either in the reveal of the window , or in some other part where it will not interfere with ventilation , or the action of the sashes . ’ This is adopting the principle on which improved lighthouse reflectors are constructed ; and we are told , that ‘ the combinations may be arranged horizontally , vertically , or obliquely , according to the positions of the centre of the unobscured portion of sky , and of the part into which the light is to be thrown , and according to the shape of the opening in which the combination is to be placed . ’ As a case in point , it was mentioned that a reflector ‘ had been fitted to a vault ( at the Dep ô t Wharf , in the Borough ) ninety-six feet in depth from front to back . The area into which the window opens is a semicircle , with a heavy iron-grating over it ; and the result is , that small print can be easily read at the far end of the vault . ’ It is a fact worth knowing , that reflectors may be so constructed as to throw all the available daylight into any required direction ; and in one instance the reflector may be made to serve at the same time as a dwarf venetian window-blind . Instead of wooden splats or laths , flat glass tubes or prisms are used , fitted into the usual framework , and these being silvered on the inside , throw all the light that falls on them into the room , when placed at the proper angle . Again , the possibility of locomotion without the aid of steam is talked about , and the New Yorkers are said to be about to send over a large ship driven by Ericsson 's caloric engine , which is to prove as powerful as vapour at one-half of the cost — a fact of which we shall be better able to judge when the vessel really arrives . Then , looking across the Channel , we find the Abb é Moigno proposing to construct and establish a relief model of Europe in the Bois de Boulogne at Paris , of a size to cover several acres , and with the railways of iron , and the rivers of water , by which means one of the most interesting and instructive of sights would be produced , and the attractions of the Trench capital greatly increased . A desirable project — but the cost ! The Montyon prize of 2000 francs has been awarded to M. Mosson , for his method of drying and preserving vegetables for long sea voyages , as published a few months ago . M. Naudin states , that a certain kind of furze or thistle , of which cattle are very fond , may be made to grow without thorns — an important consideration , seeing that at present , before it can be used as food , it has to undergo a laborious beating , to crush and break the prickles with which it is covered . As the plant thrives best on poor soils , which might otherwise lie useless , the saving of this labour will be a great benefit to the French peasantry ; and the more so , as it appears the plant will grow in its new state from seed . M. Naudin believes , that the condition of other vegetable productions may be varied at pleasure , and promises to lay his views shortly before the Acad é mie . M. Lecoq , director of the Botanical Garden at Claremont , informs the same body of something still more extraordinary , in a communication , entitled ‘ Two Hundred , Five Hundred , or even a Thousand new Vegetables , created ad libitum . ’ Having been struck by the fact , that the ass so often feeds upon the thistle , he took some specimens of that plant , and , by careful experiment , has succeeded in producing for the table ‘ a savoury vegetable , with thorns of the most inoffensive and flexible sort . ’ Whatever be the kind of thistle , however hard and sharp its thorns , he has tamed and softened them all , his method of transformation being , as he says , none other than exposing the plants to different influences of light . Those which grew unsheltered , he places in the dark , and vice vers â. Familiar examples are given in the celery , of which the acrid qualities are removed by keeping off the light ; while the pungency of cress , parsley , & c ., is increased by exposure to the sun . M. Lecoq has not yet detailed all his experiments ; but he asserts that , before long , some of our commonest weeds , owing to his modifications , will become as highly esteemed as peas or asparagus . Let him shew that his process is one that admits of being applied cheaply and on a large scale , and he will not fail of his reward . A QUALIFIED INSTRUCTOR . It will be found that the ripest knowledge is best qualified to instruct the most complete ignorance . It is a common mistake to suppose that those who know little suffice to inform those who know less ; that the master who is but a stage before the pupil can , as well as another , shew him the way ; nay , that there may even be an advantage in this near approach between the minds of teacher and of taught ; since the recollection of recent difficulties , and the vividness of fresh acquisition , give to the one a more living interest in the progress of the other . Of all educational errors , this is one of the gravest . The approximation required between the mind of teacher and of taught is not that of a common ignorance , but of mutual sympathy ; not a partnership in narrowness of understanding , but that thorough insight of the one into the other , that orderly analysis of the tangled skein of thought ; that patient and masterly skill in developing conception after conception , with a constant view to a remote result , which can only belong to comprehensive knowledge and prompt affections . With whatever accuracy the recently initiated may give out his new stores , he will rigidly follow the precise method by which he made them his own ; and will want that variety and fertility of resource , that command of the several paths of access to a truth , which are given by thorough survey of the whole field on which he stands . The instructor needs to have a full perception , not merely of the internal contents , but also of the external relations , of that which he unfolds ; as the astronomer knows but little , if , ignorant of the place and laws of moon and sun , he has examined only their mountains and their spots . The sense of proportion between the different parts and stages of a subject ; the appreciation of the size and value of every step ; the foresight of the direction and magnitude of the section that remains , are qualities so essential to the teacher , that without them all instruction is but an insult to the learner 's understanding . And in virtue of these it is that the most cultivated minds are usually the most patient , most clear , most rationally progressive ; most studious of accuracy in details , because not impatiently shut up within them as absolutely limiting the view , but quietly contemplating them from without in their relation to the whole . Neglect and depreciation of intellectual minuti æ are characteristics of the ill-informed ; and where the granular parts of study are thrown away or loosely held , will be found no compact mass of knowledge , solid and clear as crystal , but a sandy accumulation , bound together by no cohesion , and transmitting no light . And above and beyond all the advantages which a higher culture gives in the mere system of communicating knowledge , must be placed that indefinable and mysterious power which a superior mind always puts forth upon an inferior ; that living and life-giving action , by which the mental forces are strengthened and developed , and a spirit of intelligence is produced , far transcending in excellence the acquisition of any special ideas . In the task of instruction , so lightly assumed , so unworthily esteemed , no amount of wisdom would be superfluous and lost ; and even the child 's elementary teaching would be best conducted , were it possible , by Omniscience itself . The more comprehensive the range of intellectual view , and the more minute the perception of its parts , the greater will be the simplicity of conception , the aptitude for exposition , and the directness of access to the open and expectant mind . This adaptation to the humblest wants is the peculiar triumph of the highest spirit of knowledge .— Martineau 's Discourses . AN AMERICAN RIVER . The picturesque banks of the river Connecticut are dotted with charming little villages , that break here and there upon the sight like feathers of light , dancing among the willow leaves ; there is such a dazzling irregularity of house and hill — so much fairy-like confusion of vista , landscape , and settlement . Now we pass a tiny white and vine-clad cottage , that looks as if it had been set down yesterday ; now we sweep majestically by an ambitious young town , with its two , three , or half-a-dozen church-spires , sending back the lines of narrow light into the water ; anon we glide past a forest of majestic old trees , that seem to press their topmost buds against the fleecy clouds floating in the blue sky ; and through these forests we catch glimpses of the oriole , dashing through the boughs like a flake of fire .— Yankee Stories , by Howard Paul . CHOOSE THE SUNNY SIDE OF THE STREET . The sunny side of the street should always be chosen as a residence , for its superior healthfulness . In some barracks in Russia , it was found that in a wing where no sun penetrated , there occurred three cases of sickness for every single case which occurred on that side of the building exposed to the sun 's rays . All other circumstances were equal — such as ventilation , size of apartments , & c ., so that no other cause for this disproportion seemed to exist . In the Italian cities , this practical hint is well known . Malaria seldom attacks the set of apartments or houses which are freely open to the sun ; while , on the opposite side of the street , the summer and autumn are very unhealthful , and even dangerous . A DREAM OF DEATH . ‘ Where shall we sail to-day ? ’ Thus said , methought , A Voice — that could be only heard in dreams : And on we glided without mast or oars , A fair strange boat upon a wondrous sea . Sudden the land curved inward , to a bay Broad , calm ; with gorgeous sea-flowers waving slow Beneath the surface — like rich thoughts that move In the mysterious deep of human hearts . But towards the rounded shore 's embracing arm , The little waves leaped , singing , to their death ; And shadowy trees drooped pensive over them , Like long-fringed lashes over sparkling eyes . So still , so fair , so rosy in the dawn Lay that bright bay : yet something seemed to breathe , Or in the air , or trees , or lisping waves , Or from the Voice , ay near as one 's own soul — ‘ There was a wreck last night ! ’ A wreck ?— and where The ship , the crew ?— All gone . The monument On which is writ no name , no chronicle , Laid itself o'er them with smooth crystal smile . ‘ Yet was the wreck last night ! ’ And , gazing down , Deep down beneath the surface , we were ‘ ware Of cold dead faces , with their stony eyes Uplooking to the dawn they could not see . One stirred with stirring sea-weeds : one lay prone , The tinted fishes glancing o'er his breast : One , caught by floating hair , rocked daintily On the reed-cradle woven by kind Death . ‘ The wreck has been , ’ then said the deep low Voice , ( Than which not Gabriel 's did diviner sound , Or sweeter — when the stern , meek angel spake : ‘ See that thou worship not ! Not me , but God ! ’ ) ‘ The wreck has been , yet all things are at peace , Earth , sea , and sky . The dead , that while we slept Struggled for life , now sleep and fear no storm : O'er them let us not weep when God 's heaven smiles . ’ So we sailed on above the diamond sands , Bright sea-flowers , and dead faces white and calm , Till the waves rocked us in the open sea , And the great sun arose upon the world . THE EXECUTIONER IN ALGERIA . Every day , morning and evening , says our widow , ‘ I see a Moor pass along the street ; all his features beam with kindness and serenity . A sword , or rather a long yataghan , is slung in his girdle ; all the Arabs salute him with respect , and press forward to kiss his hand . This man is a chaouch or executioner — an office considered so honourable in this country , that the person invested with it is regarded as a special favourite of Heaven , intrusted with the care of facilitating the path of the true believer from this lower world to the seventh heaven of Mohammed .— A Residence in Algeria , by Madame Prus . Just Published , Price 6d . Paper Cover , CHAMBERS 'S POCKET MISCELLANY : forming a LITERARY COMPANION for the RAILWAY , the FIRESIDE , or the BUSH . VOLUME VIII . To be continued in Monthly Volumes . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .