CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 421 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , JANUARY 24 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d THE WOLF-GATHERING . One winter evening some years ago , I sat with a small circle of friends round the fire , in the house of a Polish gentleman , whom his acquaintances agreed in calling Mr Charles , as the most pronounceable of his names . He had fought in all his country 's battles of the unsuccessful revolution of 1831 ; and being one of the many who sought life and liberty in the British dominions , on the failure of that last national effort , he had , with a spirit worthy of an exiled patriot , made the best of his unchosen fortunes , and worked his way up , through a thousand difficulties and privations , to a respectable standing in the mercantile profession . At the period mentioned , Mr Charles had become almost naturalised in one of our great commercial towns , was a member of a British church , and the head of a British household ; but when the conversation happened to turn on sporting matters round his own fireside , he related in perfect seriousness the following wild and legend-like story of his early life in Poland :— The year before the rising , I went from my native place in Samogitia ( Szama ï t ) , to spend Christmas at the house of my uncle , situated in the wooded country of Upper Lithuania . He was a nobleman who boasted his descent from one of the oldest houses in Poland , and still held the estate which his ancestors had defended for themselves through many a Tartar invasion — as much land as a hunting-train could course over in a summer 's day . But ample as his domain appeared , my uncle was by no means rich upon it . The greater portion had been forest-land for ages ; elsewhere it was occupied by poor peasants and their fields ; and in the centre he lived , after the fashion of his forefathers , in a huge timber-house with antiquated fortifications , where he exercised liberal hospitality , especially at Christmas times . My uncle was a widower , but he had three sons — Armand , Henrique , and Constantine — brave , handsome young men , who kept close intimacy and right merry companionship with their nearest neighbours , a family named Lorenski . Their property bordered on my uncle 's land , and there was not a family of their station within leagues ; but independently of that circumstance , the household must have had attractions for my cousins , for it consisted of the young Count Emerich , his sister Constanza , and two orphan cousins , Marcella and Eustachia , who had been brought up with them from childhood . The count 's parents had died in his early youth , leaving him not only his own guardian , but that of his sister and cousins ; and the young people had grown up safely and happily together in that forest-land . The cousins were like most of our Polish girls in the provinces , dark-eyed and comely , gay and fearless , and ready alike for the dance or the chase ; but Count Emerich and his sister had the praise of the whole province for their noble carriage , their wise and virtuous lives , and the great affection that was between them . Both had strange courage , and were said to fear neither ghost nor goblin — which , I must remark , was not a common case in Lithuania . Constanza was the oldest by two years , and by far the most discreet and calm of temper , by which it was believed she rather ruled the household , though her brother had a high and fiery spirit . But they were never known to disagree , and , though still young , neither seemed to think of marrying . Fortunately , it was not so with all their neighbours . My stay at my uncle 's house had not been long when I found out that Armand was as good as engaged to Marcella , and Henrique to Eustachia , while Constantine , the youngest and handsomest of the three brothers , paid vain though deferential court to Constanza . The rising was not then publicly talked of , though known to be in full preparation throughout the country . All the young and brave hearts among us were pledged to it , and my cousins did not hesitate to tell me in confidence that Count Emerich and his sister were its chief promoters in that district . They had a devoted assistant in Father Cassimer . He had been their mother 's confessor , and lived in the house for five-and-thirty years , saying mass regularly in the parish church , a pine-built edifice on the edge of the forest . Father Cassimer 's hair was like snow ; but he was still erect , strong , and active . He said the church could not spare him , and he would live to a hundred . In some respects , the man did deserve a century , being a good Pole and a worthy priest , notwithstanding one weakness which beset him , for Father Cassimer took special delight in hunting . It was said that once , when robed for mass , a wild boar chanced to stray past ; whereon the good priest mounted his horse , which was usually fastened to the church-door , and started after the game in full canonicals . That was in his youth ; but Father Cassimer never denied the tale , and the peasants who remembered it had no less confidence in his prayers , for they knew he loved his country , and looked after the sick and poor . The priest was my cousin 's instructor in wood-craft , and the boon-companion of my uncle ; but scarcely had I got well acquainted with him and the Lorenskis , when two Christmas visitors arrived at their house . They were a brother and sister , Russian nobles , known as Count Theodore and Countess Juana . Their native place was St Petersburg , but they had spent years in travelling over Europe ; and though nobody knew the extent of their estates , it was supposed to be great , for they spared no expense , and always kept the best society . Latterly they had been somehow attracted to Poland , and became so popular among our country nobles , that they were invited from house to house , making new friends wherever they went , for Russians though they were , they wished well to our country , and , among their intimates , spoke of liberty and justice with singular eloquence . Considering this , their popularity was no wonder . A handsomer or more accomplished pair I never saw . Both were tall , fair , and graceful , with hair of a light golden shade — the sister 's descending almost to her feet when unbraided , and the brother 's clustering in rich curls about the brow . They knew the dances of all nations , could play anything that was ever invented , whether game or instrument , and talked in every tongue of Europe , from Romaic to Swedish . Both could ride like Arabs . Count Theodore was a splendid shot , his sister was matchless in singing , and neither was ever tired of fun or frolic . They seemed of the Lorenskis ’ years , but had seen more of the world ; and though scarcely so dignified , most people preferred the frank familiarity and lively converse of the travelled Russians . The Lorenskis themselves could not but applaud that general preference . They and the travellers had become fast friends almost on their first acquaintance , which took place in the previous winter ; and Count Theodore and his sister had performed a long wintry journey from St Petersburg , to celebrate the Christmas-time with them . Peasants and servants rejoiced at their coming , for they were known to be liberal . The old priest said it had never been his luck to see anything decent out of Russia before , and my uncle 's entire household were delighted , with the exception of Constantine . By and by , I guessed the cause of his half-concealed displeasure . The brother of each pair took wonderfully to the sister of the other . Count Theodore talked of buying an estate in Lithuania ; and the young cousins predicted , that though Emerich and Constanza might be near neighbours , they would not live all their days free and single . After the Russians ’ arrival , there was nothing but sport among us . We had dances and concerts , plays , and all manner of games ; but the deep snow of our Polish winter had not hardened to the usual strong ice , over marsh , river , and forest-land . It continued falling day after day , shutting all our amusements within doors , and preventing , to our general regret , the wonted wolf-hunt , always kept up in Lithuania from the middle of December till Christmas-eve . It was a custom , time immemorial , in the province , and followed as much for the amusement it afforded the young people , as for the destruction of the deadly prowler . The mode of conducting it was this : Every two or three families who chanced to be intimate when the ice was sufficiently strong and smooth for sledge-travelling , sent forth a party of young hunters , with their sisters and sweethearts , in a sledge covered at the one end , which was also well cushioned and gaily painted ; the ladies in their best winter-dresses took possession of it , while the hunters occupied the exposed part , with guns , shot-pouches , and hunting-knives , in complete readiness . Beside the driver , who was generally an old experienced hand , there was placed a young hog , or a leg of pork , occasionally roasted to make the odour more inviting , and packed up with cords and straw in a pretty tight parcel , which was fastened to the sledge by a long rope twisted to almost iron hardness . Away they drove at full speed ; and when fairly in the forest , the pork was thrown down , and allowed to drag after the sledge , the smell of it bringing wolves from every quarter , while the hunters fired at them as they advanced . I have seen a score of skins collected in this manner , not to speak of the fun , the excitement , and the opportunities for exhibiting one 's marksmanship and courage where one would most wish to have them seen . The peasants said it was never lucky when Christmas came without a wolf-hunt : but that year it was like to be so ; for , as I have said , the snow kept falling at intervals , with days of fog and thaw between , till the night before the vigil . In my youth , the Lithuanians kept Christmas after the fashion of old northern times . It began with great devotion , and ended in greater feasting . The eve was considered particularly sacred : many traditional ceremonies and strange beliefs hung about it , and the more pious held that no one should engage in any profane occupation , or think of going to sleep after sunset . When it came , our disappointment concerning the wolf-hunt lay heavy on many a mind as well as mine ; but a strong frost had set in before daybreak , and at the early nightfall a finer prospect for sledging could not be desired — over the broad plain , and far between the forest pines ; the ice stretched away as smooth and bright as a mirror . The moon was full , and the stars were out by thousands : you could have read large print by the cold , clear light , as my cousins and I stood at my uncle 's door , fervently wishing it had been any other evening . Suddenly , our ears caught the sound of bells and laughing voices , and in a few minutes up drove the Lorenski sledge in its gayest trappings , with Constanza , the Russian countess , and the young cousins , all looking blithe , and rosy in the frosty air , while Emerich and Theodore sat in true hunter 's trim , and Father Cassimer himself in charge of the reins , with the well-covered pork beside him . They had two noble horses of the best Tatar blood , unequalled in the province , as we knew , for speed and strength ; and Emerich 's cheerful voice first saluted us with : ‘ Ho ! friends , it is seven hours yet till midnight : wo n't you come with us ?— it is a shame to let Christmas in without a wolf-skin ! ’ That was enough for us : we flew in for our equipments . My uncle was not at first willing that we should go ; but the merry company now at his door , the unequivocal countenance which Father Cassimer gave to the proceeding , and the high spirits of the young Russians , who were , as usual , wild for the sport , made him think that , after all , there was no harm in the young people taking an hour or two in the woods before mass , which on Christmas-eve begins always at midnight . Our hunting-gear was donned in a trice ; and with my uncle 's most trusty man , Metski , to assist in driving , away we went at full speed to the forest . Father Cassimer was an experienced general in expeditions of the kind ; he knew the turns of the woods where the wolves scented best ; and when we had got fairly among the tall oaks , down went his pork . For some time it dragged on without a single wolf appearing , though the odour came strong and savoury through cords and straw . ‘ If I were a wolf myself , I would come for that , ’ said old Metski . The priest quickened his speed , vowing he would not say mass without a skin that night ; and we got deeper into the wilderness of oak and pine . Like most of our Lithuanian forests , it had no underwood . There was ample space for our sledge among the great trees , and the moonlight fell in a flood of brightness upon their huge white trunks , and through the frost-covered branches . We could see the long icicles gleaming like pendants of diamond for miles through the wide woods , but never a wolf . The priest began to look disappointed ; Metski sympathised with him , for he relished a hunt almost as well as his reverence ; but all the rest , with the help of the Russians , amused themselves with making game . I have said they were in great spirits , particularly Count Theodore ; indeed he was generally the gayer of the pair — his sister being evidently the more prudent — and in this respect they resembled the Lorenskis . Many a jest , however , on the non-appearance of the wolves went round our sledge , of which I remember nothing now except that we all laughed till the old wood rang . ‘ Be quiet , good children , ’ said the priest , turning in his seat of command : ‘ you make noise enough to frighten all the wolves in creation . ’ ‘ They wo n't come to-night , father ; they are preparing for mass , ’ cried Count Theodore . ‘ Juana , if the old Finn were here now , would n't he be useful ? ’ ‘ Perhaps he might , ’ said the countess , with a forced laugh ; but she cast a look of strange warning and reproof on her brother . ‘ What Finn ? ’ said the priest , catching the count 's words . ‘ Oh , he is talking of an old nursery-tale we had in St Petersburg , ’ hastily interposed the lady , though I thought her face had no memory of the nursery in it . ‘ About the Finns I 'll warrant , ’ said Father Cassimer . ‘ They are a strange people . My brother the merchant told me that he knew one of them at Abo who said he had a charm for the wolves ; but somebody informed against him for smuggling , and the Russian government sent him to the lead-mines in Siberia . By Saint Sigismund , there 's the first of them ! ’ As the priest spoke , a large wolf appeared , and half the guns in the sledge were raised . ‘ Not yet , not yet , ’ said our experienced commander , artfully turning away as another and another came in sight . ‘ There are more coming , ’ and he gradually slackened our pace ; but far off through the moonlit woods and the frozen night we could hear a strange murmur , which grew and swelled on all sides to a chorus of mingled howlings , and the wolves came on by troops . ‘ Fire now , friends ! ’ cried Father Cassimer . ‘ We are like to have skins enough for Christmas ; ’ and bang went all our barrels . I saw five fall ; but , contrary to expectation , the wolves did not retire — they stood for an instant snarling at us . The distant howlings continued and came nearer ; and then from every glade and alley , down the frozen streams , and through the wide openings of the forest , came by scores and hundreds such a multitude of wolves as we could not have believed to exist in all Lithuania . ‘ Hand me my gun , and take the reins , Metski , ’ cried Father Cassimer . ‘ Drive for your life ! ’ he added in an under tone ; but every one in the sledge heard him . Heaven knows how many we killed ; but it seemed of no use . Our pork was swallowed , straw and all . The creatures were pressing upon us on every side , as if trying to surround the sledge ; and it was fearful to see the leaps that some gray old fellows among them would take at Metski and the horses . Our driver did his part like a man , making a thousand winds and turns through the woods ; but still the wolves pursued us . Fortunately , the firing kept them off , and , thanks to our noble horses , they were never able to get ahead of us ; but as far as we could see behind us in the moonlight , came the howling packs , as if rising from the ground of the forest . We had seen nothing like it , and all did their best in firing , especially Count Theodore ; but his shots had little effect , for his hand shook , and I know not if any but myself saw the looks of terrified intelligence which he exchanged with his sister . Still , she and the Lady Constanza kept up their courage , though the young cousins were as white as snow , and our ammunition was fast decreasing . ‘ Yonder is a light , ’ said Constanza at last , as the poor horses became unmanageable from fright and weariness . ‘ It is from the cottage of old Wenzel , the woodman . ’ ‘ If we could reach that , ’ said Father Cassimer , ‘ and leave the horses to their fate : it is our only chance . ’ No one contradicted the priest 's arrangement , for his last words were felt to be true — though a pang passed over Constanza 's face at the thought of leaving our brave and faithful horses to the wolves : but louder rose the howls behind us , as Metski urged on with all his might , and far above all went the shout of Father Cassimer ( he had the best lungs in that province ): ‘ Ho , Wenzel ! open the door to us for God 's sake ! ’ We heard the old man reply , sent one well-aimed volley in among the wolves , and as they recoiled , man and woman leaped from the sledge — for our Polish girls are active — and rushed into the cottage , when old Wenzel instantly double-barred the door . It was woful to hear the cry of pain and terror from our poor horses as we deserted them ; the next instant the wolves were upon them . We saw them from the window , as thick as ever flies stuck on sugar . How we fired upon them , and with what good-will old Wenzel helped us , praying all the time to every saint in the calendar , you may imagine ! But still their numbers were increasing ; and as a pause came in the fearful din , we plainly heard through the still air the boom of our own great bell , ringing for the midnight mass . At that sound , Father Cassimer 's countenance fell for the first time . He knew the bellman was a poor half-witted fellow , who would not be sensible of his absence ; and then he turned to have another shot at the wolves . Shots were by this time getting scarce among us . There was not a man had a charge left but old Wenzel , who had supplied us as long as he could ; but at length , loading his own gun with his last charge , he laid it quietly in the corner , saying one did n't know what use might be for it , and he never liked an empty gun . Wenzel was the son of a small innkeeper at Grodno , but after his father 's decease , which occurred when he was a child , his mother had married a Russian trader , who , when she died , carried the boy to Moscow . There Wenzel bade fair to be brought up a Russian ; but when a stepmother came home , which took place while he was still a youth , he had returned to his native country , built himself a hut in the woods of Lithuania , and lived a lonely hunter till the time of my story , when he was still a robust , though gray-haired man . Some said his Muscovite parents had not been to his liking ; some that he had found cause to shoot a master to whom they apprenticed him at Moscow ; but be that as it might , Wenzel hated the Russians with all his heart , and never scrupled to say that the gun which had served him so long would serve the country too if it ever came to a rising . So much for Wenzel 's story , by way of explaining what followed ; but as I stood beside him that night at the hut 's single crevice of a window , I could have given Poland itself for ammunition enough to do service on the wolves . They had now left nothing but the bones of our horses , which they had dragged round and round the cottage , with a din of howlings that almost drowned our voices within . Then they seized on the bodies of their own slain companions , which were devoured to the very skins ; and still the gathering was going on . We could see them coming in troops through the open glades of the forest , as if aware that some human prey was in reserve . The hut was strongly built of great pine-logs , but it was fearful to hear them tearing at the door and scratching up the foundations . The bravest among us got terrified at these sounds . Metski loudly avowed his belief that the wolves were sent upon us as a punishment for hunting on Christmas-eve , and fell instantly to his prayers . Wenzel flung a blazing brand among them from the window , but they did not seem to care for fire ; and three of them were so near leaping in , that he drove to the log-shutter and gave up that method of defence . None of the party appeared so far overcome with terror as Count Theodore : his spirit and prudence both seemed to forsake him . When the wolves began to scratch , he threw himself almost on his face in the corner , and kept moaning and praying in Russian , of which none of us understood a syllable but old Wenzel . Emerich and I would have spoken to him , but the woodman stopped us with a strange sign . Count Theodore had taken the relic of some saint from a pocket-book which he carried in his breast , and was , in Russian fashion as I think , confessing his sins over it ; while his sister sat silent and motionless by the fire , with livid face and clasped hands . It was burning low , but I saw the woodman 's face darken . He stepped to the corner and took down his gun , as I believed , to take the last shot at the wolves ; but Count Theodore was in his way . He levelled it for an instant at the prostrate man , and before I could speak or interpose , the report , followed by a faint shrill shriek from the Russian , rang through the hut . We rushed to him , but the count was dead . A bullet had gone right through the heart . ‘ My gun has shot the count , and the wolves will leave us now , ’ said Wenzel coolly . ‘ I heard him say in his prayers that a Finn , now in the Siberian mines , had vowed to send them on him and his company wherever he went . ’ As the woodman spoke , he handed to Count Emerich , with a hoarse whisper , a bloody pocket-book , taken from the dead body , and turning to Juana , said something loud and threatening to her in the Russian tongue ; at which the lady only bowed her head , seeming of all in the hut to be the least surprised or concerned at the death of her brother . As for us , the complicated horrors of the night had left us stunned and stupified till the rapid diminution of the wolfish din , the sounds of shots and voices , and the glare of flambeaux lighting up the forest , brought most of us to the window . The wolves were scouring away in all directions , there was a grayness in the eastern sky , for Christmas-day was breaking ; and from all sides the count and my uncle 's tenantry , with skates and sledges , guns and torches , were pouring to the rescue as we shouted to them from the cottage . They had searched for us almost since midnight , fearing that something terrible had detained Father Cassimer and his company from mass . There were wonderfully few wolves shot in the retreat , and we all went home to Count Emerich 's house , but not in triumph , for with us went the body of the Russian , of which old Wenzel was one of the bearers . The unanimous determination we expressed to bring him to justice as a murderer , was silenced when Emerich shewed us in confidence a letter from the Russian minister , and a paper with all our names in a list of the disaffected in Upper Lithuania , which he had found in Theodore 's pocket-book . After that , we all affirmed that Wenzel 's gun had gone off by accident ; and on the same good Christmas-day , Count Emerich , with a body of his retainers , escorted the Lady Juana to a convent at the other end of the province , the superior of which was his aunt . There she became a true Catholic , professed , and , as I was told , turned to a great saint . There is a wooden cross with his name , and a Latin inscription on it , marking Count Theodore 's grave , by our old church on the edge of the forest . No one ever inquired after him , and the company of that terrible night are far scattered . My uncle and his sons all died for the poor country . The young cousins are married to German doctors in Berlin . Constanza and her brother are still single , for aught I know , but they have been exiles in America these fifteen years . Father Cassimer went with them , after being colonel of a regiment which saw hard service on the banks of the Vistula ; and it may be that he is still saying mass or hunting occasionally in the Far West . The last time I saw Wenzel and Metski was in the trenches at Minsk , where they had a tough debate regarding our adventure in the forest : the woodman insisting it was the Finn 's spell that brought the wolves in such unheard-of numbers , and the peasant maintaining that it was a judgment on our desecration of Christmas-eve . For my own part , I think the long storm and a great scarcity of food had something to do with it , for tales of the kind were never wanting in our province . The wolf-gathering , however , saved us a journey to Siberia : thanks to old Wenzel . And sometimes yet , when any strange noise breaks in upon my sleep even here in England , I dream of being in his wild hut in the forest and listening to the wolfish voices at the door . THE DROLLERIES OF FALSE POLITICAL ECONOMY . PLANS FOR PAYING THE NATIONAL DEBT . It is not customary to associate the ludicrous with financial operations — with budgets , schemes of taxation , and national debts . In general , they are considered to assume a formidable aspect ; and when that is not the case , their details are looked on as dry and uninteresting — they are universally voted a ‘ bore . ’ Yet we engage to shew , that there have been some financial projects which at the present day we can pronounce essentially ludicrous . And they are not the mere projects of enthusiasts and theoretic dreamers . They were put in practice on a large scale ; they involved the disposal of millions of money ; and they were in operation at so late a period , that the present generation paid heavy taxes for the purpose of carrying them out — taxes paid for nothing better than the success of a practical hoax . The round hundreds of millions in which our national debt is set forth seem to have often confused the brains of our most practical arithmeticians and financiers . They seem to have felt as if these did not represent real money , but something ideal ; or perhaps we might say , they have treated them like certain results of the operation of figures which might be neutralised by others , as the equivalents on the two sides of an equation exhaust each other . We never hear of a man trying to pay his own personal debts otherwise than with money , but we have had hundreds of projects for paying the national debt without money , and generally through some curious and ingenious arithmetical process . We might perhaps amuse our readers by an account of some of these , for to their absurdity there are no bounds ; but we adhere in the meantime to our engagement , to shew that on this subject even the practical projects of statesmen of our own day have been ridiculous . We shall suppose that some one has occasion for L. 100 , which he finds a friend obliging enough to lend him . On receiving it , he requests the loan of other L. 10 ; and being asked for what purpose , he answers , that with that L. 10 he will pay up the original L. 100 . This is a rather startling proposal ; but when he is asked how he is to manage this practical paradox , he says : ‘ Oh , I shall put out the L. 10 to interest , and in the course of time it will increase until it pays off the L. 100 . ’ The lender is perhaps a little staggered at first by the audacious plausibility of the proposal , but it requires but a few seconds to enable him to say : ‘ Why , yes , you may lend out the L. 10 at interest ; but in the meantime , as you have borrowed it , interest runs against you upon it ; so what better are you ? ’ The lender , so far from concurring with the sanguine hopes about the fructification of the L. 10 , will only regret his having intrusted the larger sum to a person whose notions of money are so loose and preposterous . Yet the proposal would only have carried into private pecuniary matters the principle of the sinking-fund , so long deemed a blessing , and a source of future prosperity to the country . A sinking-fund is an expression generally applied to any sum of money reserved out of expenditure to pay debt , or meet any contingency . Now , observe that our remarks are not directed against it in this simple form . A surplus of revenue obtained by moderate taxation , saved through frugal expenditure , and applied to the reduction of the national debt , is always a good thing . But the sinking-fund to which we chiefly refer was a system of borrowing money to pay debt . It might be said that the identical money which was borrowed was not the same which was used for paying the debt ; but it came to the same thing if the sinking-fund was kept up while the nation was borrowing . Thus , taking the case of the private borrower as we have already put it , if he took L. 10 of his own money and put it out at interest , that it might increase and pay off his loan , and if , by so doing , he found it necessary to borrow L. 110 , instead of merely L. 100 , it was virtually the same as if he applied L. 10 of the borrowed money for his sinking-fund . Thus for the year 1808 , the state required L. 12 , 200 , 000 in loan above what the taxes produced . But in the same year L. 1 , 200 , 000 were applied to the sinking-fund ; consequently , it was necessary to borrow so much more , and therefore the whole loan of that year amounted to L. 13 , 400 , 000 . The loan was increased exactly in the way in which our friend added the L. 10 to the L. 100 . It was borrowing money to pay loans . The application of millions in this manner by our statesmen , was in a great measure owing to the enthusiastic speculations of Dr Richard Price , a benevolent , ingenious , and laborious man , who , unfortunately for the public , possessed the power of giving his wild speculations a tangible and practical appearance . He was , to use a common expression , ‘ carried off his feet ’ by arithmetical calculations . He believed compound interest to be omnipotent . He made a calculation of what a penny could have come to if laid out at compound interest from the birth of Christ to the nineteenth century , and found it would make — we forget precisely how many globes of gold the size of this earth . He did not say , however , where the proper investments were to be made ; how the money was to be procured ; and , most serious of all , he overlooked that where one party received such an accumulating amount of money , some other party must pay it , and to pay it must make it . In fact , the doctor looked on the increase of money by compound interest as a mere arithmetical process . The world , however , finds it to be a process of working , and the making of money by toil , parsimony , and anxiety . When any one seizes on such a theme he is sure to be carried to extremities with it . It was one of Price 's favourite theories , that the time when interest was highest was the best time for borrowing money , because the borrowed sinking-fund would then bring the highest interest . One is astonished in times like these , when people think taxes and national debt so serious , at the easy carelessness with which the doctor treats the disease , and his sure remedy . He says in his celebrated work on Annuities ( i . 277 ): ‘ It is an observation that deserves particular attention here , that in this plan it will be of less importance to a state what interest it is obliged to give for money ; for the higher the interest , the sooner will such a sum pay off the principal . Thus , L. 100 , 000 , 000 borrowed at 8 per cent ., and bearing an annual interest of L. 8 , 000 , 000 , would be paid off by a fund producing annually L. 100 , 000 in fifty-six years ; that is , in thirty-eight years less time than if the same money had been borrowed at 4 per cent . Hence it follows that reductions of interest would in this plan be no great advantage to a state . They would indeed lighten its present burdens ; but this advantage would be in some measure balanced by the addition which would be made to its future burdens , in consequence of the longer time during which it would be necessary to bear them . ’ ‘ Certain it is , therefore , ’ says the doctor , in a general survey of his arithmetical salvation of the country , ‘ that if our affairs are to be relieved , it must be by a fund increasing itself in the manner I have explained . The smallest fund of this kind is indeed omnipotent , if it is allowed time to operate . ’ And again : ‘ It might be easily shewn that the faithful application from the beginning of the year 1700 , of only L. 200 , 000 annually , would long before 1790 , notwithstanding the reductions of interest , have paid off above L. 100 , 000 , 000 of the public debts . The nation might therefore some years ago have been eased of a great part of the taxes with which it is loaded . The most important relief might have been given to its trade and manufactures ; and it might now have been in better circumstances than at the beginning of last war : its credit firm ; respected by foreign nations , and dreaded by its enemies . ’ That such a tone should be assumed by an enthusiastic speculator is not wonderful . The payment of the national debt has been one of the staple dreams of enthusiasts . It would be difficult to believe the wild nonsense that has been written on it ; and Hogarth , in his dreadful picture of a madhouse , appropriately represents one of his principal figures hard at work on it . But the remarkable thing — and what shews the perilous nature of such speculations — is , that these theories were worked out by chancellors of the exchequer , and adopted by parliament . There was a faint sinking-fund so early as 1716 ; but Walpole one day swept it up and spent it , having probably just discovered that it was a fallacy . It was in the days of the younger Pitt , however , that it came out in full bloom . After it had been for several years in operation , a retired and absent-minded mathematical student , Robert Hamilton , shewed its falsity in a book printed in 1813 . The exposure was conclusive , and no one since that time has ventured to support a sinking-fund . As already stated , it is a very good thing to save something out of the revenue and pay off part of the debt . But no good is done by keeping it to accumulate at interest , because the debt it would pay off is just accumulating against it . Apply this to private transactions . You are in debt L. 110 . You have L. 10 , and the question is : Are you to pay it at once , and reduce your debt to L. 100 , or are you to keep it accumulating at interest ? It is much the same which you do , only the latter is the more troublesome mode . If you pay it at once , you will just have so much less interest to hand over to your creditor . If you put it out at interest , you will have to pay over to him what you receive for it , in addition to the interest of the L. 100 . There is an incidental purpose for which it has been deemed right that the government should , however , have a fund at its disposal — that is for buying into the funds when they fall very low , and thus accomplishing two services — the one the paying a portion of the debt at a cheap rate , the other stopping the depreciation of the funds . This is in itself we doubt not a very just practical object , but we believe the sums that can be applied to it are very small in comparison with the reserves which formed the old sinking-fund . But another and a very different argument has been adduced , not certainly for the re-establishment and support of a sinking-fund , since its fallacy has been exposed , but against the policy of having exposed it . It is said that the belief in the potency of a sinking-fund for clearing off the debt inspired public confidence in the stability of the funds , and that it was wrong to shake this confidence even by the promulgation of truth . It has often been supposed , indeed , that the statesmen who mainly carried out the system were in secret conscious of its fallacy , but were content to carry it out so long as they saw that it inspired confidence in the public . It is in allusion to this that we have spoken of the sinking-fund as a great hoax . We cannot sanction the morality of governments acting on conscious fallacies ; and in this instance the natural confidence in the funds rather enlarged than decreased when the fallacy was exposed and the system abandoned . Keeping in view Dr Price 's views of the potentiality of compound interest , we now give a brief account of a singular attempt made in France to put them in practice , and by their omnipotence pay our national debt and that of other nations too , out of a small private fortune . In the year 1794 , a will was registered in France by one Fortun é Ricard , disposing of a sum of 500 livres , a little more than L. 20 sterling . Fortun é stated that this sum was the result of a present of twenty-four livres which he had received when he was a boy , and had kept accumulating at compound interest to a period of advanced age . By his will he left it in the hands of trustees , making arrangements for a perpetual succession , as the purposes of the trust were not to be all accomplished for a period of several centuries . The money was to be divided into five portions , each of 100 livres , and so to be put out at compound interest . The first portion was to be withdrawn at the end of a century : it would then amount to 13 , 000 livres , or about L. 550 . It is scarcely worth while mentioning the purposes to which this trifle was to be applied , but for the credit of M. Ricard it may be mentioned that they were all unexceptionable . In two centuries the second sum would be released , amounting to 1 , 700 , 000 livres . At the end of the third century , the third instalment was to be released , when it would consist of 226 , 000 , 000 livres . The destination of these magnificent sums was also unexceptionable — it was for national education , the erecting of public libraries , and the like . The instalment to be released at the end of the fourth century would amount to about 30 , 000 , 000 , 000 livres : it was to be employed partly in the building of 100 towns , each containing 150 , 000 inhabitants , in the most agreeable parts of France . ‘ In a short time , ’ says the benevolent founder , ‘ there will result from hence an addition of 15 , 000 , 000 of inhabitants to the kingdom , and its consumption will be doubled — for which service I hope the economists will think themselves obliged to me . ’ Malthus had not then published his principles of population . We must draw breath as we approach the destination of the fifth and last instalment . It was to amount to four millions of millions of livres — about a hundred and seventy thousand millions of pounds . We take for granted that Fortun é' s calculations are correct , and have certainly not taken the trouble of verifying them . Among other truly benevolent and cosmopolitan destinations of this very handsome sum , it may be sufficient to mention these :— ‘ Six thousand millions shall be appropriated towards paying the national debt of France , upon condition that the kings , our good lords and masters , shall be entreated to order the comptrollers-general of the finances to undergo in future an examination in arithmetic before they enter on the duties of their office . ‘ Twelve thousand millions shall likewise be employed in paying the public debts of England . It may be seen that I reckon that both these national debts will be doubled in this period — not that I have any doubt of the talents of certain ministers to increase them much more , but their operations in this way are opposed by an infinity of circumstances , which lead me to presume that these debts cannot be more than doubled . Besides , if they amount to a few thousands of millions more , I declare that it is my intention that they should be entirely paid off , and that a project so laudable should not remain unexecuted for a trifle more or less . '[ 1 ] M. Ricard , it will be observed , must have drawn his will while royalty was in the ascendant ; it was registered during the Reign of Terror , and one would be curious to know how many weeks , instead of centuries , his 500 livres remained sacred . Money in the most steadily-governed states — in our own , for instance — is subject to continual casualties . The most acute men of business cannot command perfectly certain investments for their own money — they are often miserably deceived , and suffer heavy losses . M. Ricard , however , supposed that a set of irresponsible trustees would for centuries always discover perfectly sure investments , and act with consummate watchfulness and honesty . If it were possible to leave behind one money with the qualification of always being securely invested , while the rest of the property in the world remained insecure , it would gradually suck all the wealth of the world into its vortex . But it would require supernatural agency to make it thus absolutely secure . See the will at length in the appendix to Lord Lauderdale 's Inquiry into the Nature and Origin of Public Wealth . SIR FRANCIS HEAD 'S ‘ FAGGOT . '[ 2 ] ‘ A FAGGOT OF FRENCH STICKS ’ is the whimsical title of a work just presented to the public , by the author of Bubbles from the Brunnen of Nassau ; the said work being as respectable a specimen of bookmaking as has ever come under our notice . The object of the writer appears to have been to fill so much paper , by saying something about all he saw or heard of in a visit to Paris , no matter how insignificant the circumstances ; and by this ingenious means , he has actually contrived to make up two goodly-sized volumes for the literary market . The author of this strange melange , however , is not without a dash of merit ; he possesses a terrier-like power of poking about into holes and corners , and dragging to light a variety of facts which might escape the attention of less vigilant tourists . For example , he is not satisfied with the mere sight or employment of omnibuses , street-porters , chiffonniers , and other agents of the public service , but must know all about them — how the omnibus horses live , and how many miles they run per diem ; what variety of occupations the porters resort to for a livelihood ; and what are the substances , and their value , that the chiffonniers scrape every morning from the kennel . Sir Francis is great on pig slaughter-houses , furnished lodgings , and police-officers . He tells you every particular of his lodging : how he ascended the stair ; what landing-places there were ; what price he was to pay ; how the servant brought him too few pieces of butter to breakfast , and what he said in ordering more ; how one day he perceived a bad smell in his sitting-room , and shifted to a higher part of the building , where the bad smell did not come ; how he finally paid his account , and how the concierge bade him good-by . All important information this . An equally true and particular narrative is given of Sir Francis 's object in visiting Paris , which was to consult an occulist on the subject of his eyes . In going to the occulist 's , we are informed how he left his lodgings at a quarter before seven o'clock ; how he crossed the Place Vend ô me , and saw a sentinel pacing at the foot of Napoleon 's Column ; how he observed that the sentinel had the misfortune to have a hole in his greatcoat , which affords an opportunity too good to be lost for quoting that little-known verse of Burns 's — ‘ If there 's a hole in a ’ your coats , ’ & c .; how he then , being done with looking at the sentinel , goes on his way , crosses the Boulevard des Italiens , and enters the Rue de la Chauss é e d'Antin ; how he looks about him till he sees No . 50 , and , having spoken a word to the door-keeper , goes up stairs . Then , he informs his readers that he rang the doctor 's bell ; and how , the door being opened by a boy in livery , he was shewn into a drawing-room . Here , he tells us , he sat down in company with a number of other patients , waiting their turn to be called by the doctor . Vastly amusing all this , but nothing to what follows :— ‘ For a considerable time we all sat in mute silence , and , indeed , in our respective attitudes , almost motionless , save that every now and then a gentleman , and sometimes a lady , would arise , slowly walk diagonally across the carpet to a corner close to the window , press with his or her hand the top of a little mahogany machine that looked like an umbrella-stand , look down into it , and then very slowly , at a sort of funereal pace , walk back . All this I bore with great fortitude for some time : at last , overpowered by curiosity , I arose , walked slowly and diagonally across the carpet , pushed the thing in the corner exactly as I had seen everybody else push it , looked just as they did , downwards , where , close to the floor , I beheld open , in obedience to the push I had given from the top , the lid of a spitting-box , from which I very slowly , and without attracting the smallest observation , walked back to my chair . ’ Wonderful power of description this ! Having had the honour of receiving an invitation to dinner at the Elys é e , Sir Francis of course goes at the appointed hour , seven o'clock . The following is his account of the affair . After passing through the entrance-hall , ‘ I slowly walked through two or three handsome rooms en suite , full of interesting pictures , into a drawing-room , in which I found assembled , in about equal proportions , about fifty very well-dressed ladies and gentlemen , the latter being principally officers , whose countenances , not less clearly than the decorations on their breasts , announced them to be persons of distinction . The long sofas and chairs , as if they had only just come out — or rather , as if they had just come up from the country to come out — had arranged themselves so very formally , and altogether behaved so very awkwardly , that it was almost impossible for the company assembled to appear as much at their ease as , from their position , education , and manners , they really were ; and accordingly , biassed by the furniture , they kept moving , and bowing , and courtesying , and sotto-voce talking , until they got into a parallelogram , in the centre of which stood , distinguished by a broad ribbon , and by a mild , thoughtful , benevolent countenance , Prince Louis Napoleon , whose gentle and gentleman-like bearing to every person who approached him entitled him to that monarchical homage in which the majority evidently delighted , but which it was alike his policy as well as his inclination — at all events to appear — to suppress ; and accordingly the parallelogram , which , generally speaking , was at the point of congelation , sometimes and of its own accord froze into the formality of a court , and then all of a sudden appeared to recollect that the Prince was the President , and that the whole party had assembled to enjoy libert é, fraternit é, and é galit é. As I was observing the various phases that one after another presented themselves to view , the principal officer of the household came up to me , and in a quiet and appropriate tone of voice , requested me to do two things ; one of which appeared to me to be rather easy , and the other — or rather to do both — extremely difficult . By an inclination of his forehead he pointed to two ladies of rank , whose names he mentioned to me , but with whom I was perfectly unacquainted , seated on the sofas at different points of the parallelogram . ‘ When dinner is announced you will be so good , ’ he said , ‘ as to offer your arm to ——'( the one ) ‘ and to seat yourself next to ——'( the other .) Of course I silently bowed assent ; but while the officer who had spoken to me was giving similar instructions to other gentlemen , I own I felt a little nervous , lest , during the polite scramble in which I was about to engage , like the dog in the fable , grasping at the shadow of the second lady , I might lose the substance of the first , or vice vers â. However , when the doors were thrown open , I very quickly , with a profound reverence , obtained my prize , and at once confiding to her — for had I deliberated I should have been lost — the remainder of the pleasing duty it had been predestined I was to have the honour to perform , we glided through couples darting in various directions for similar objects , until , finding ourselves in a formal procession sufficiently near to the lady in question , we proceeded , at a funereal pace , towards our doom , which proved to be a most delightful one . Seated in obedience to the orders I had received , we found ourselves exactly opposite “ le Prince , ” who had , of course , on his right and left , the two ladies of highest rank . The table was very richly ornamented , and it was quite delightful to observe at a glance what probably in mathematics , or even in philosophy , it might have been rather troublesome to explain — namely , the extraordinary difference which existed between forty or fifty ladies and gentlemen standing in a parallelogram in a drawing-room , and the very same number and the very same faces , rectilinearly seated in the very same form in a dining-room . It was the difference between sterility and fertility , between health and sickness , between joy and sorrow , between winter and summer ; in fact , between countenances frozen into Lapland formality and glowing with tropical animation and delight . Everybody 's mouth had apparently something kind to say to its neighbour 's eyes ; and the only alloy was that , as each person had two neighbours , his lips , under a sort of embarras des richesses , occasionally found it rather difficult to express all that was polite and pleasing to both . ’ Dinner being over , all returned to the drawing-room in the same formal order . Each gentleman bowed ceremoniously to the lady he had conducted , she withdrew her arm , ‘ and the sofas were again to be seen fringed by rows of satin shoes ; while the carpet , in all other directions , was subjected to the pressure of boots , that often remained for a short time motionless as before . A general buzz of conversation , however , soon enlivened the room ; and the President , gladly availing himself of it , mingled familiarly with the crowd . ’ In the course of his rambles through Paris , Sir Francis visits various casernes or military barracks , and military schools . He also makes sundry investigations into the functions and mat é riel of the French army , and finally , in company with Louis Napoleon , goes to a review . The sum of these proceedings is , that he is much struck with the progress made by the French in strategy and military manoeuvres , especially in their musket-ball firing , against which , he says , we have no chance . Everybody knows that our author is an alarmist , ever sighing over our want of national defences , and dreaming of invasion and rapine . At the same time , his details on military affairs are worth the notice of those to whom the business of military education is intrusted . Sir Francis is very much pleased with the Parisian street commissionaires or porters , and wonders that no such luxury is general in London . One day he invites the nearest commissionaire to visit his lodging , and tell him his whole story , which the man gladly did . Setting off at a great rate , he said :— ‘ Sir , I black boots ; I saw wood ; I take it up into the apartments ; I carry portmanteaus and luggage , and whatever offers itself ; I carry letters and parcels ; I rub the floors of apartments and stairs ; I wash the floors and the dining-rooms ; I change furniture from one house to another with a handbarrow — carried by two men with leathern straps ; I draw a cart with portmanteaus , wood , or furniture ; I beat carpets , take them up out of the apartments , and carry them to the barrier outside Paris ( yes , sir ) ; I bring them back to the persons to whom they belong ; I lay them down . I know how to arrange a room ; I make the beds ; I colour the inlaid floors of the apartments ; I watch a sick person through the night and day ( a shrug ) for so much a day ( a shrug ) , and for the night also ( a shrug ) ; I agree as to the price with those persons who employ me , for five francs the night , eight francs for the twenty-four hours , when they do not feed me ; besides , I watch the dead in the apartment during the twenty-four hours that they remain exposed ; in short ( three shrugs ) , I do whatever is offered to me . I receive commercial notes for whoever will charge me with the commission , and who will give me the note to enable me to receive it ; I bring back the money to the person who has intrusted me with the note , and the person pays me for my commission ; I pawn at the Mont de Pi é t é whatever the public is willing to intrust to me — jewels ( a shrug ) , chains , watches , gold or silver ; I pawn silver spoons and forks , for eating ; I pawn clocks , linen ; they take everything in pawn ( a shrug ) at the Mont de Pi é t é— furniture , pianos , mattresses , candelabras , lustres : in short , they take in pawn everything of value ; and I bring back the money and the pawnbroker 's ticket to the person who has intrusted me with the commission , and at the same time that person pays me for my commission . Afterwards , I redeem pawned articles from the Mont de Pi é t é for all those persons who choose to honour me with their commissions , provided that the person puts his signature on the back of the paper which the Mont de Pi é t é delivered to him on the day when he pawned the aforesaid articles . I act as commissioner throughout all the departments of France , and also ( shrug ) in foreign countries , according to the price agreed on , and at a reasonable price ; I travel on the railways ( shrug ) , in the diligence ( shrug ) ; I go as quick as I can , and I come back as quick as I can ; I rub down a horse — I can ! I feed him ; wash the carriage ; drive the carriage ; arrange the cellar ; rinse out the bottles ; bottle the wine ; pile up the bottles after they are corked and stamped ; lower the hogsheads of wine into the cellar with a thick rope , with the help of a comrade , and the price is two francs for each hogshead . In my own country , I am a labourer , and do everything relating to the cultivation of the ground . I root up the trees ; I saw them into several lengths ; I split the wood ; pile it up to dry ; then load it on mules , and carry it to the house to be burned ; afterwards I mow the hay and corn ; carry the corn into the barn ( shrug ) , and the hay also ; thrash the corn , and put it away into the granary ; from whence they take it out by little and little to have it ground and to make bread . I prune the vines . ’ Here the commissionaire gives an account of the whole process of wine-making , in which he is an adept ; and then goes on to explain how he is employed as a spy on families and others , all in the way of business . He ends with saying that trade is dull , and blames the revolution of 1848 for ruining his employment — for why ? ‘ Everybody is afraid of the future . Everybody is economical ; everybody is hiding , hoarding , or saving his money , because he knows that affairs cannot continue as they are , that sooner or later there will be another revolution . ’ Such a country ! The revolution thus anticipated has taken place . By relieving the Parisians from the fears of a social upbreak — a universal sack of property — for that was preying on their minds — the grand coup of Louis Napoleon will doubtless set money afloat , and restore occupation to the humbler classes — the real sufferers by revolutions . The curious thing about all the revolutions and coups that have ever taken place in France is , that they never give the slightest particle of real liberty to the people ; and , what is equally surprising , the people do not know what liberty is . It is a thing they talk about , and paint over doorways , but further they go not . When , in 1848 , a mob was suffered to assume supreme authority , it might have been anticipated that the very first thing they would do would be to turn the whole police system about its business and destroy its records . No such thing . The triumphant insurrectionists , complaining of tyranny , were as tyrannical as anybody ; they retained the obnoxious system of passports , and kept up the usual routine of police administration , spies and all . The truth appears to be , that the French cannot comprehend the idea of social organisation without a minute machinery of management and interference . Society in England , where people may speak and do pretty much what they like , go here and go there without leave asked , and set up any business anywhere as suits their fancy — is anarchy , a chaos , according to French notions . Sir Francis inclines to the belief that a system of government interference and regulation , as in France , is an advantage , because it protects society against some gross abuses — such as the indiscriminate sale of medicines , want of sanitary arrangements , the open spectacle of vice , and so forth . True this , in some respects , and we could wish for a little more vigour in certain departments of our social policy ; but in this , as in many things , we have to make a choice of evils . Better , we think , allow abuses to be corrected by the comparatively sluggish action of public opinion , than accustom a people to have everything done for them , every action regulated by laws and prefects of police . The account given by Sir Francis of the manner in which the authority of the police bears on common workmen , is only a version of what every traveller speaks of with execration . Although we ourselves alluded to the subject on a former occasion , we may recapitulate a few points from the volume before us : ‘ Every workman or labouring boy is obliged , all over France , to provide himself with a book termed un livret , indorsed in Paris by a commissaire of police , and in other towns by the mayor or his assistants , containing his description , name , age , birthplace , profession , and the name of the master by whom he is employed . In fact , no person , under a heavy fine , can employ a workman unless he produce a livret of the above description , bearing an acquittal of his engagements with his last master . Every workman , after inscribing in his livret the day and terms of his engagement with a new master , is obliged to leave it in the hands of his said master , who is required , under a penalty , to restore it to him on the fulfilment of his engagement . Any workman , although he may produce a regular passport , found travelling without his book , is considered as “ vagabond , ” and as such may be arrested and punished with from three to six months ’ imprisonment , and after that subjected to the surveillance of the haute-police for at least five and not exceeding ten years . No new livret can be indorsed until its owner produces the old one filled up . In case of a workman losing his livret , he may , on the presentation of his passport , obtain provisional permission to work , but without authority to move to any other place until he can satisfy the officer of police that he is free from all engagements to his last master . Every workman coming to Paris with a passport is required , within three days of his arrival , to appear at the prefecture of police with his livret , in order that it may be indorsed . In like manner , any labourer leaving Paris with a passport must obtain the vis é of the police to his livret , which , in fact , contains an abstract history of his industrial life . As a description of the political department of the police of Paris would involve details , the ramifications of which would almost be endless , I will only briefly state , that from the masters of every furnished hotel and lodging-house — who are required to insert in a register , indorsed by a commissaire de police , the name , surname , profession , and usual domicile of every person who sleeps in their house for a single night — and from innumerable other sources , information is readily obtained concerning every person , and especially every stranger , residing in the metropolis . For instance , at the entrance of each lodging , and of almost every private house , there sits a being termed a concierge , who knows the hour at which each inmate enters and goes out ; who calls on him ; how many letters he receives ; by their post-marks , where they come from ; what parcels are left for him ; what they appear to contain , & c. & c. & c. Again , at the corner of every principal street , there is located , wearing the badge of the police , a commissionaire , acquainted with all that outwardly goes on within the radius of his Argus-eyed observations . From these people , from the drivers of fiacres , from the sellers of vegetables , from fruiterers , and lastly , from the masters of wine-shops , who either from people sober , tipsy , or drunk , are in the habit of hearing an infinity of garrulous details , the police are enabled to track the conduct of almost any one , and , if necessary , to follow up their suspicions by their own agents in disguises which , practically speaking , render them invisible . ’ Sir Francis mentions that he was considered of sufficient importance to be under surveillance . ‘ " You are , ” said very gravely to me a gentleman in Paris of high station , on whom I had had occasion to call , “ a person of some consideration . Your object here is not understood , and you are therefore under the surveillance of the police . ” I asked him what that meant . “ Wherever you go , ” he replied , “ you are followed by an agent of police . When one is tired , he hands you over to another . Whatever you do , is known to them ; and at this moment there is one waiting in the street until you leave me ." ’ We need say no more . The people who , under all phases of government — despotism , constitutional monarchy , and universal-suffrage republic — coolly tolerate , nay , they admire and vindicate , this atrocious system of personal restraint and espionage , are totally unfit for the enjoyment of civil liberty . In conclusion , we can hardly recommend the book before us , further than to say , that its gossip , though often prosy to the verge of twaddle , is also sometimes droll and amusing from its graphic minuteness . A Faggot of French Sticks , 2 vols . London : Murray . 1852 . IVORY AND ITS APPLICATIONS . The Chinese , from time immemorial , have been celebrated for their excellence in the fabrication of ornamental articles in ivory ; and , strange to say , up to our own time , their productions are still unrivalled . European artists have never succeeded in cutting ivory after the manner of these people , nor , to all appearance , is it likely they ever will . Nothing can be more exquisitely beautiful than the delicate lacework of a Chinese fan , or the elaborate carving of their miniature junks , chess-pieces , and concentric balls : their models of temples , pagodas , and other pieces of architecture are likewise skilfully constructed ; and yet three thousand years ago such monuments of art were executed with the very same grace and fidelity ! Ivory was known to the Egyptians as an article both of use and ornament . They manufactured it into combs , rings , and a variety of similar things . The processions on the walls of their palaces and tombs would seem to indicate the fact of its having been obtained from India , and also from Ethiopia or Central Africa . There is every reason to believe also that the harder and more accessible ivory of the hippopotamus was extensively used by them . Colonel Hamilton Smith has seen a specimen of what appeared to be a sword-handle of ancient Egyptian workmanship , which has been recognised by dentists as belonging to this class of ivory . Ivory was extensively used by the Jews . It is frequently spoken of in Scripture as being obtained from Tarshish — an indiscriminate term for various places in the lands of the Gentiles , but probably referring in this case to some part of India or Eastern Africa . Wardrobes were made of ivory , or at least inlaid with it ; the splendid throne of Solomon was formed of this material , overlaid with gold ; Ahab built an ivory palace : and beds or couches of the same material were common among the wealthy Israelites . The Phoenicians of Tyre — those merchant-princes of antiquity — were so profuse of this valuable article of their luxurious commerce as to provide ivory benches for the rowers of their galleys . Assyria — whose records and history are only now beginning to be unfolded — possessed magnificent articles of ivory . Mr Layard , in his excavations at Nineveh , found ‘ in the rubbish near the bottom of a chamber , several ivory ornaments upon which were traces of gilding : among them was the figure of a man in long robes , carrying in one hand the Egyptian crux ansata — part of a crouching sphinx — and flowers designed with great taste and elegance . ’ The Greeks — who were acquainted with it at least as early as the time of Homer — gradually introduced ivory as a material for sculpture . In certain forms of combination with gold , it gave origin to the art of chryselephantine sculpture , so called from the Greek primitives , gold and ivory . This art , which was perhaps more luxurious than tasteful , was introduced about six hundred years before the Christian era ; and it was much admired for its singular beauty . It was not , however , till the days of Phidias that it attained to its full splendour . Two of the masterpieces of this sculptor — the colossal statues of Minerva in the Parthenon at Athens and the Olympian Jove in his temple — were formed of gold and ivory . The Minerva was forty feet high , and the Olympian Jupiter was one of the wonders of the world . In the latter of these , the exposed parts of the figure were of ivory , and the drapery of gold . It was seated on a throne elaborately formed of gold , ivory , and cedar-wood ; it was adorned with precious stones ; and in his hand the god sustained an emblematic figure of Victory , made of the same costly materials . The Romans used ivory as a symbol of power ; but they applied it practically to an infinite variety of purposes . Their kings and magistrates sat on ivory thrones of rich and elaborate construction — an idea received from the Etruscans . The curule chairs of ivory and gold that belonged to the office of consul , together with the sceptres and other articles of similar description , were all of Etruscan origin . The libri elephantis were tablets of ivory , on which were registered the transactions of the senate and magistrates ; the births , marriages , and deaths of the people ; their rank , class , and occupation , with other things pertaining to the census . The Romans also applied this material to the manufacture of musical instruments , combs , couches , harnesses of horses , sword-hilts , girdles . They were acquainted with the arts of dyeing and incrusting ivory , and they also possessed some splendid specimens of chryselephantine statuary . Ancient writers , indeed , mention no fewer than one hundred statues of gold and ivory ; but they furnish us with no particulars of the mode of executing these colossal monuments of art in a substance which could only be obtained in small pieces . A head , smaller than the usual size , a statue about eight inches in height , and a bas-relief , are the only specimens that exist in the present day . After the fall of the Roman Empire , the taste for ivory ornament became almost extinct . There were some periods , however , in the early part of medi æ val history when this material was not forgotten : when the caliphs of the East formed of it some of the beautiful ornaments of their palaces ; when the Arabian alchemists subjected it to the crucible , and so produced the pigment ivory black ; when a Danish knight killed an elephant in the holy wars , and established an order of knighthood which still exists ; when Charlemagne , the emperor of the West , had ivory ornaments of rare and curious carving . [ 3 ] It is , however , at a period subsequent to the return of the crusaders that we must date the commencement of a general revival of the taste in Europe . It would be interesting to trace the steps by which ivory regained its place in the arts and commerce of nations ; but on this point we must not linger . From the low countries it spread to the far North . Its relations with art and beauty soon became widely recognised ; the growing luxury of the Roman pontificate encouraged its applications ; and towards the end of the fifteenth century it was extensively employed as an article of ornament and decoration in every country and court of Europe . The Portuguese were the first to revive a traffic with Africa which had been dormant for upwards of 1000 years . It was originally confined to the immense stores of ivory which the natives had accumulated for the purposes of their superstition ; but these soon became exhausted , and the inexorable demands of European commerce once more prompted the destruction of the mighty and docile inhabitant of the wilderness . Elephant-hunting became a trade ; and a terrible havoc was commenced , which has been unremittingly pursued down to the present time . The term ivory , originally derived from a Greek word signifying heavy , is indiscriminately applied to the following varieties of osseous matter :— 1 . The tusks and teeth of the elephant .— Naturalists recognise two species of elephants — the Asiatic ( Elephas Indicus ) and the African ( Elephas Africanus .) The former of these species is indigenous to the whole of Southern India and the Eastern Archipelago ; but the largest and most valuable Indian elephant is that of Ceylon . The second species is found throughout the whole of Africa ; and on the banks of the great rivers and lakes of the unexplored regions of the interior , hordes of the finest African elephants are supposed to wander in security . It was until very recently believed that the Asiatic elephant yielded the largest teeth , and those imported from Pegu , Cochin-China , and Ceylon , sometimes weighed 150 lbs . Specimens , however , have been obtained from the interior of Africa of much greater weight and dimensions . Mr Gordon Cumming has in his collection a pair of teeth taken from an old bull elephant in the vicinity of the equator , of which the larger of the two measures 10 feet 9 inches long , and weighs 173 lbs . ; and Mr Cawood , who resided thirty years at the Cape , has another pair in his possession measuring 8-1 / 2 feet each , and weighing together 330 lbs . Besides these contemporary races of elephants , the market is extensively supplied by the fossil ivory derived from the tusks of the great mammoth or fossil elephant of the geologist . The remains of this gigantic animal are abundantly distributed over the whole extent of the globe . They exist in large masses in the northern hemisphere , deeply embedded in the alluvial deposits of the tertiary period . Humboldt discovered specimens on some of the most elevated ridges of the Andes ; and similar remains have been found in Africa . In the frozen regions of the far North , surrounded by successive layers of everlasting ice , the fossil ivory exists in a state of perfect preservation , and it constitutes indeed an important article of commerce in the north of Europe . 2 . The teeth of the hippopotamus , or river-horse .— These , under the inappropriate term of ‘ sea-horse teeth , ’ supply the most suitable ivory for the dentist . In addition to twenty grinders , the animal has twelve front teeth , the outer on each side of the jaw being the largest and most prized . This ivory is much harder , closer in the grain , and more valuable than that of the elephant . It is remarkable , moreover , for the extreme hardness of its enamel , which is quite incapable of being cut , and will strike fire with a steel instrument . The large teeth of the hippopotamus weigh on the average 6 lbs ., and the small ones about 1 lb . each . Their value ranges from 6s . to 40s . per lb . 3 . The teeth of the walrus , or sea-cow .— These are nearly straight , and measure from 2 feet to 2-1 / 2 feet in length . The exterior portion of the tooth possesses a much finer grain and texture than its core , which in appearance and properties bears a close resemblance to ordinary bone . Of a yellowish cream-colour and mottled , this ivory is much less valuable than the teeth of the hippopotamus . It is seldom applied in our day to other than dental purposes ; but its antiquity is interesting . The Scandinavian relics of the eleventh and twelfth centuries , with which our museums are so profusely enriched , are for the most part formed of the teeth of the walrus . The elegant spiral horn of the narwhal or sea-unicorn also produces ivory of a superior quality . It is not to any great extent applied to useful purposes , but is more frequently preserved in museums and collections as a beautiful natural curiosity . The tusks and teeth of the elephant — the latter , for the sake of distinction , are termed grinders — are formed after the ordinary manner of the teeth of animals . The organism which converts the earthy constituents of the blood into cellular tissue and membrane , contributes in the same way to form the teeth by the successive deposition of layer upon layer of the soft vascular pulp . The marks of these depositions , or lamin æ, are clearly distinguishable in the longitudinal stri æ of the section of a tooth . Mr Corse Scott states that the Indian elephant has only ten or twelve lamin æ in the tooth , while that of the great mammoth has twenty-four , besides having a much more regularly disposed enamel . The tooth is hollow about half-way up , but a very small tubular cavity is visible throughout its entire length . This , sometimes called the nerve , is in reality the apex of successive formations in the process of growth . The grinders are seldom used in the arts . They are of a different texture , the lamin æ more loosely combined , and possessing a tendency to separate , which renders them unfit for nearly all useful purposes . Ivory has the same chemical constitution as ordinary teeth — that is , cartilage united to such earthy ingredients as the phosphate of lime . But it is very remarkable that the fossil ivory of the mammoth , and specimens of the historic period of Pompeii or Egypt , contain sometimes as much as 10 per cent . more of fluoride of calcium than the ivory of the present day . We apprehend , however , that this property — first investigated by Dr George Wilson — may be derived from long-continued contact with earth , since fluoride of calcium is the chief ingredient in the enamel or exterior portion of the tooth . Ancient ivory , having thus gained in its inorganic bases , becomes deficient in the gelatinous constituents necessary to its preservation . We recently had a singularly beautiful application of the knowledge of this principle in the case of the ivory specimens sent from Nineveh by Mr Layard . On their arrival in England , it was discovered that they were rapidly crumbling to pieces . Professor Owen recommended that the articles should be boiled in a solution of albumen , which was done accordingly , and the ivory rendered as firm and solid as when it was first entombed . We may allude here to a very singular physical property which is possessed by the elephant 's tusk . Specimens have frequently been obtained which were found to contain musket-bullets in their centre , surrounded with a species of osseous pulp differing from the ordinary character and constitution of ivory . There was frequently no corresponding orifice on the surface of the tusk ; and hence Blumenbach , and other naturalists , were led to form some very inaccurate notions regarding this circumstance . Mr Rodgers of Sheffield some years ago forwarded a variety of such specimens to the Edinburgh College Museum , and these were very closely examined by Professor Goodsir , who , in a communication to the Royal Society of Edinburgh , demonstrated that this arose simply from a property of isolating foreign substances common to all osseous organised bodies : the ball having been enclosed by the tusk in its pulpy secretion , and corrosive action thereby prevented , the process of growth continued without interruption . Ivory is a solid , white , translucent substance , distinguishable from bone by its beautiful texture of semi-transparent rhomboidal network . The finest ivory is much more transparent than paper of the same thickness . A thin transverse section placed under the microscope exhibits a series of curvilinear lines diverging from the centre and interlacing each other with great regularity and beauty , closely resembling in appearance the engine-turning of a watch . It possesses a specific gravity varying from 1. 888 in the tooth of the walrus , to 2. 843 in that of the elephant . Its mean gravity is therefore about two and a half times greater than water . The best , finest , and most valuable ivory is that obtained from the African elephant . When recently cut , it exhibits something of a yellowish transparent tint , which is due to the oil it contains , but this gradually changes to a beautiful and permanent white . It is not easily stained or destroyed by exposure to the atmosphere , and on that account is used in the arts for all the higher purposes , and especially for carved ornaments — such as chess-pieces , crucifixes , and articles of virtu . Indian ivory , on the contrary , when first cut , is perfectly white , but it becomes yellow and discoloured with age and exposure . A good illustration of this circumstance is presented by the dingy-coloured keys of an old pianoforte . This popular definition of good and inferior ivory is however , in point of fact , somewhat incorrect , since ivory obtained from the coast of Africa is often much inferior to that obtained from the Indian Archipelago . The best rule for determining the quality is probably that of its vicinity to the equator . The ivory brought from within the 10th degrees of north and south latitude is incomparably the finest in the market ; it is at the same time the most transparent , which of itself is a valuable characteristic . Our Indian ivory for some years back , instead of being shipped by way of the Cape for England , has , in order to save time , been sent by the Red Sea to Suez , and thence conveyed , generally on the backs of camels , across the Desert to Alexandria , where it is again shipped on board the Oriental steam-packets for Southampton , and conveyed by railway to London . By this expeditious mode of transit , however , the value of the ivory is frequently much deteriorated . The damage it sustains in being so often loaded and unloaded ; and the intense heat of a tropical sun to which it is openly exposed in crossing the Isthmus — render the tusks unsound at the core , numerous cracks and fissures appear over the surface , the points are frequently broken off , and on the whole its market-price is considerably depreciated . There is no means of accurately determining the intrinsic value of our importation of ivory — the price is so variable . In 1827 , upwards of 3000 cwt . ; in 1842 , upwards of 5000 cwt . ; and in 1850 , about 8000 cwt . was imported , of which about four-fifths was entered for home consumption . In point of quantity or bulk it is not calculated to attract attention , nor does the commercial transaction excite much notice . A quiet advertisement in the front page of the Economist , a few letters from London , Birmingham , and Sheffield to City brokers — for the ivory-trade is confined to a very small number of houses — and a cargo of African or Indian ivory , amounting perhaps to L. 50 , 000 sterling , is quickly and easily disposed of . The supply at this moment is unequal to the demand , and the price is steadily advancing . Small teeth weighing from 4 to 20 lbs . are worth from L. 10 to L. 16 per cwt . ; and the price of the enormous tusks we have referred to , which are far beyond the limits of the above scale , is probably equal to L. 50 per cwt . or upwards . African is worth about 25 per cent . more than Indian ivory of corresponding size and quality . To attempt even to catalogue the extremely diversified uses to which ivory is applied would of itself be no easy task . There is not perhaps in the whole commercial list an article possessed of wider relations . It is extensively consumed in the manufacture of handles to knives and forks , and cutlery of every description ; combs of all kinds ; brushes of every form and use ; billiard-balls , chess-men , dice , dice-boxes ; bracelets , necklaces , rings , brooches ; slabs for miniature portraits , pocket-tablets , card-cases ; paper-knives , shoeing-horns , large spoons and forks for salad ; ornamental work-boxes , jewel-caskets , small inlaid tables ; furniture for doors and cabinets ; pianoforte and organ keys ; stethoscopes , lancet-cases , and surgical instruments ; microscopes , lorgnettes , and philosophical instruments ; thermometer scales , hydrometer scales , and mathematical instruments ; snuff-boxes , cigar-cases , pipe-tubes ; fans , flowers , fancy boxes ; crucifixes , crosiers , and symbols of faith ; idols , gods , and symbols of superstition ; vases , urns , sarcophagi , and emblems of the dead ; temples , pagodas ; thrones , emblems of mythology ; and , in short , there is hardly a purpose in the useful and ornamental arts to which ivory is , or has not been in some way extensively employed . At present , the ivory carvings of Dieppe are the finest in Europe ; but the genius of the present age is utilitarian , and so are its applications of ivory . If we desire high art in the fabrication of this material , we must go back a few centuries , or be satisfied with the beautiful productions of China or Hindostan . We could scarcely give a more apt illustration of this truth than by pointing to the scat of honour set apart for Prince Albert in the closing scene of the Great Exhibition . Elevated on the crimson platform , and standing forth as an appropriate emblem of the artistic genius of the mighty collection , was observed the magnificent ivory throne presented to her Majesty by the Rajah of Travancore ! From the great value of the material , the economical cutting of it up is of the last importance . Nothing is lost . The smallest fragments are of some value , have certain uses , and bear a corresponding price . Ivory dust , which is produced in large quantities , is a most valuable gelatine , and as such extensively employed by straw-hat makers . The greatest consumption of ivory is undoubtedly in connection with the cutlery trade . For these purposes alone about 200 tons are annually used in Sheffield and Birmingham , and the ivory in nearly every instance is from India . The mode of manufacturing knife-handles is very simple and expeditious :— The teeth are first cut into slabs of the requisite thickness — then to the proper cross dimensions , by means of circular saws of different shapes . They are afterwards drilled with great accuracy by a machine ; rivetted to the blade ; and finally smoothed and polished . We believe that this branch of industry alone gives employment to about 500 persons in Sheffield . Combs are seldom made of any ivory but Indian , and their mode of manufacture we had recently occasion to describe . [ 4 ] A large amount of ivory is consumed in the backs of hairbrushes ; and this branch of the trade has recently undergone considerable improvements . The old method of making a tooth-brush , for example , was to lace the bristles through the ivory , and then to glue , or otherwise fasten , an outside slab to the brush for the purpose of concealing the holes and wire-thread . This mode of manufacture has been improved on by a method of working the hair into the solid ivory ; and brushes of this description are now the best in the market . Their chief excellence consists in their preserving their original white colour to the last , which is a great desideratum . Billiard-balls constitute another considerable item of ivory consumption . They cost from 6s . to 12s . each ; and the nicety of our ornamental turning produces balls not only of the most perfect spherical form , but accurately corresponding in size and weight even to a single grain . The ivory miniature tablets so much in use , and which are so invaluable to the artist from the exquisitely delicate texture of the material , are now produced by means of a very beautiful and highly interesting chemical process . Phosphoric acid of the usual specific gravity renders ivory soft and nearly plastic . The plates are cut from the circumference of the tusk , somewhat after the manner of paring a cucumber , and then softened by means of the acid . When washed with water , pressed , and dried , the ivory regains its former consistency , and even its microscopic structure is not affected by the process . Plates thirty inches square have been formed in this way , and a great reduction in price has thus been effected . Painting on ivory , we may add , was practised among the ancients . Mr M'Culloch and other statistical writers predict the speedy extinction of the elephant , from the enormous consumption of its teeth ; and curious calculations of the number of these animals annually extirpated to supply the English market alone are now getting somewhat popular . For example : ‘ in 1827 the customs-duty on ivory ( 20s . per cwt .— since reduced to 1s .) amounted to L. 3257 . The average weight of the elephant 's tusk is 60 lbs . ; and therefore 3040 elephants have been killed to supply this quantity of ivory . ’ But these calculations are in many respects quite fallacious . In the first place , the average weight of our imported tusks is not 60 lbs . : we have the authority of one of the first ivory-merchants in London for stating that 20 lbs . will be a much closer approximation . This at once involves a threefold ratio of destruction . In place of 3040 , we should have the terrible slaughter of 9120 elephants for one year 's consumption of ivory in England ! This , however , is not the case . In these calculations the immense masses of fossil ivory we have alluded to are obviously overlooked , and the equally immense quantities of broken teeth which are disinterred from the deserts of Arabia , or the jungles of Central Africa . The truth is , we have good reason to know , that a very large proportion of the commercial supply of Europe is sustained from the almost inexhaustible store of these descriptions of ivory . Nevertheless , it is indisputable that the insatiable demands of modern commerce will inevitably lead to the ultimate extermination of this noble animal . His venerable career is ignominiously brought to an end merely for the sake of the two teeth he carries in his mouth ; which are very likely destined to be cut into rings to assist the infant Anglo-Saxons in cutting their teeth , or partly made into jelly to satisfy the tastes and appetites of a London alderman . We cannot reasonably hope for a new suspension of the traffic : indeed we can only look for its extension . The luxurious tastes of man are inimical to the existence of the elephant . From time immemorial , the war of extermination has existed . His rightful domain — in the plain or the wilderness , or amid the wild herbage of his native savannas — is at all points ruthlessly invaded . But the result is inevitable — it will come to an end ; and some future generation of naturalists — those of them at least who are curious in Pal æ ontology — will regard the remains of our contemporary races of elephants with the same kind of astonishment with which we investigate the pre-historic evidences of the gigantic tapir or the mammoth . In the sacristy of the cathedral at Aix-la-Ch â pelle is still preserved , among other relics of this great prince , an immense ivory hunting-horn ; and ‘ Charlemagne 's chess-men , ’ which still exist , form part of the collection of works of art at Cologne . See an article on the Aberdeen Combworks , No . 396 . BLIGHTED FLOWERS . The facts of the following brief narrative , which are very few and of but melancholy interest , became known to me in the precise order in which they are laid before the reader . They were forced upon my observation rather than sought out by me ; and they present , to my mind at least , a touching picture of the bitter conflict industrious poverty is sometimes called upon to wage with ‘ the thousand natural shocks which flesh is heir to . ’ It must be now eight or nine years since , in traversing a certain street , which runs for nearly half a mile in a direct line southward , I first encountered Ellen ——. She was then a fair young girl of seventeen , rather above the middle size , and with a queen-like air and gait which made her appear taller than she really was . Her countenance , pale but healthy , and of a perfectly regular and classic mould , was charming to look upon from its undefinable expression of lovableness and sweet temper . Her tiny feet tripped noiselessly along the pavement , and a glance from her black eye sometimes met mine like a ray of light , as , punctually at twenty minutes to nine , we passed each other near —— House , each of us on our way to the theatre of our daily operations . She was an embroideress , as I soon discovered from a small stretching-frame , containing some unfinished work , which she occasionally carried in her hand . She set me a worthy example of punctuality , and I could any day have told the time to a minute without looking at my watch , by marking the spot where we passed each other . I learned to look for her regularly , and before I knew her name , had given her that of ‘ Minerva , ’ in acknowledgment of her efficiency as a mentor . A year after the commencement of our acquaintance , which never ripened into speech , happening to set out from home one morning a quarter of an hour before my usual time , I made the pleasing discovery that my juvenile Minerva had a younger sister , if possible still more beautiful than herself . The pair were taking an affectionate leave of each other at the crossing of the New Road , and the silver accents of the younger as , kissing her sister , she laughed out , ‘ Good-by , Ellen , ’ gave me the first information of the real name of my pretty mentor . The little Mary — for so was the younger called , who could not be more than eleven years of age — was a slender , frolicsome sylph , with a skin of the purest carnation , and a face like that of Sir Joshua 's seraph in the National Gallery , but with larger orbs and longer lashes shading them . As she danced and leaped before me on her way home again , I could not but admire the natural ease and grace of every motion , nor fail to comprehend and sympathise with the anxious looks of the sisters ’ only parent , their widowed mother , who stood watching the return of the younger darling at the door of a very humble two-storey dwelling , in the vicinity of the New River Head . Nearly two years passed away , during which , with the exception of Sundays and holidays , every recurring morning brought me the grateful though momentary vision of one or both of the charming sisters . Then came an additional pleasure — I met them both together every day . The younger had commenced practising the same delicate and ingenious craft of embroidery , and the two pursued their industry in company under the same employer . It was amusing to mark the demure assumption of womanhood darkening the brows of the a ë rial little sprite , as , with all the new-born consequence of responsibility , she walked soberly by her sister 's side , frame in hand , and occasionally revealed to passers-by a brief glimpse of her many-coloured handiwork . They were the very picture of beauty and happiness , and happy beyond question must their innocent lives have been for many pleasant months . But soon the shadows of care began to steal over their hitherto joyous faces , and traces of anxiety , perhaps of tears , to be too plainly visible on their paling cheeks . All at once I missed them in my morning 's walk , and for several days — it might be weeks — saw nothing of them . I was at length startled from my forgetfulness of their very existence by the sudden apparition of both one Monday morning clad in the deepest mourning . I saw the truth at once : the mother , who , I had remarked , was prematurely old and feeble , was gone , and the two orphan children were left to battle it with the world . My conjecture was the truth , as a neighbour of whom I made some inquiries on the subject was not slow to inform me . ‘ Ah , sir , ’ said the good woman , ‘ poor Mrs D —— have had a hard time of it , and she born an ’ bred a gentlewoman . ’ I asked her if the daughters were provided for . ‘ Indeed , sir , ’ continued my informant , ‘ I 'm afeard not . ‘ Twas the most unfortnatest thing in the world , sir , poor Mr D —— ‘ s dying jest as a ’ did . You see , sir , he war a soldier , a fightin ’ out in Indy , and his poor wife lef at home wi ’ them two blossoms o ’ gals . He war n't what you call a common soldier , sir , but some kind o ’ officer like ; an ’ in some great battle fought seven year agone he done fine service I 've heerd , and promotion was send out to ‘ un , but did n't get there till the poor man was dead of his wounds . The news of he 's death cut up his poor wife complete , and she ha n't been herself since . I 've know 'd she was n't long for here ever since it come . Wust of all , it seems that because the poor man was dead the very day the promotion reached ‘ un , a ’ did n't die a captain after all , and so the poor widder did n't get no pension . How they 've a ’ managed to live is more than I can tell . The oldest gal is very clever , they say ; but Lor ’ bless ‘ ee ! ‘ taint much to s'port three as is to be got out o ’ broiderin ’ .' Thus enlightened on the subject of their private history , it was with very different feelings I afterwards regarded these unfortunate children . Bereft of both parents , and cast upon a world with the ways of which they were utterly unacquainted , and in which they might be doomed to the most painful struggles even to procure a bare subsistence , one treasure was yet left them — it was the treasure of each other 's love . So far as the depth of this feeling could be estimated from the looks and actions of both , it was all in all to each . But the sacred bond that bound them was destined to be rudely rent asunder . The cold winds of autumn began to visit too roughly the fair pale face of the younger girl , and the unmistakable indications of consumption made their appearance : the harassing cough , the hectic cheek , the deep-settled pain in the side , the failing breath . Against these dread forerunners it was vain long to contend ; and the poor child had to remain at home in her solitary sick-chamber , while the loving sister toiled harder than ever to provide , if possible , the means of comfort and restoration to health . All the world knows the ending of such a hopeless strife as this . It is sometimes the will of Heaven that the path of virtue , like that of glory , leads but to the grave . So it was in the present instance : the blossom of this fair young life withered away , and the grass-fringed lips of the child 's early tomb closed over the lifeless relics ere spring had dawned upon the year . Sorrow had graven legible traces upon the brow of my hapless mentor when I saw her again . How different now was the vision that greeted my daily sight from that of former years ! The want that admits not of idle wailing compelled her still to pursue her daily course of labour , and she pursued it with the same constancy and punctuality as she had ever done . But the exquisitely chiselled face , the majestic gait , the elastic step — the beauty and glory of youth , unshaken because unassaulted by death and sorrow — where were they ? Alas ! all the bewitching charms of her former being had gone down into the grave of her mother and sister ; and she , their support and idol , seemed no more now than she really was — a wayworn , solitary , and isolated straggler for daily bread . Were this a fiction that I am writing , it would be an easy matter to deal out a measure of poetical justice , and to recompense poor Ellen for all her industry , self-denial , and suffering in the arms of a husband , who should possess as many and great virtues as herself , and an ample fortune to boot . I wish with all my heart that it were a fiction , and that Providence had never furnished me with such a seeming anomaly to add to the list of my desultory chronicles . But I am telling a true story of a life . Ellen found no mate . No mate , did I say ? Yes , one : the same grim yokefellow whose delight it is ‘ to gather roses in the spring ’ paid ghastly court to her faded charms , and won her — who shall say an unwilling bride ? I could see his gradual but deadly advances in my daily walks : the same indications that gave warning of the sister 's fate admonished me that she also was on her way to the tomb , and that the place that had known her would soon know her no more . She grew day by day more feeble ; and one morning I found her seated on the step of a door , unable to proceed . After that she disappeared from my view ; and though I never saw her again at the old spot , I have seldom passed that spot since , though for many years following the same route , without recognising again in my mind 's eye the graceful form and angel aspect of Ellen D ——. ‘ And is this the end of your mournful history ? ’ some querulous reader demands . Not quite . There is a soul of good in things evil . Compassion dwells with the depths of misery ; and in the valley of the shadow of death dove-eyed Charity walks with shining wings .... It was nearly two months after I had lost sight of poor Ellen , that during one of my dinner-hour perambulations about town , I looked in almost accidentally upon my old friend and chum , Jack W ——. Jack keeps a perfumer 's shop not a hundred miles from Gray 's Inn , where , ensconced up to his eyes in delicate odours , he passes his leisure hours — the hours when commerce flags , and people have more pressing affairs to attend to than the delectation of their nostrils — in the enthusiastic study of art and virtu . His shop is hardly more crammed with bottles and attar , soap , scents , and all the etceteras of the toilet , than the rest of his house with prints , pictures , carvings , and curiosities of every sort . Jack and I went to school together , and sowed our slender crop of wild oats together ; and , indeed , in some sort have been together ever since . We both have our own collections of rarities , such as they are , and each criticises the other 's new purchases . On the present occasion there was a new Van Somebody 's old painting awaiting my judgment ; and no sooner did my shadow darken his door , than starting from his lair , and bidding the boy ring the bell should he be wanted , he hustled me up stairs , calling by the way to his housekeeper , Mrs Jones — Jack is a bachelor — to bring up coffee for two . I was prepared to pronounce my dictum on his newly-acquired treasure , and was going to bounce unceremoniously into the old lumber-room over the lobby to regale my sight with the delightful confusion of his unarranged accumulations , when he pulled me forcibly back by the coat-tail . ‘ Not there , ’ said Jack ; ‘ you can n't go there . Go into my snuggery . ’ ‘ And why not there ? ’ said I ; jealous of some new purchase which I was not to see . ‘ Because there 's somebody ill there — it is a bedroom now : a poor girl ; she wanted a place to die in , poor thing , and I put her in there . ’ ‘ Who is she ?— a relative ? ’ ‘ No ; I never saw her till Monday last . Sit down , I 'll tell you how it was . Set down the coffee , Mrs Jones , and just look in upon the patient , will you ? Sugar and cream ? You know my weakness for the dead wall in Lincoln 's Inn Fields . ’ ( Jack never refuses a beggar backed by that wall , for the love of Ben Jonson , who , he devoutly believes , had a hand in building it .) ‘ Well , I met with her there on Monday last . She asked for nothing , but held out her hand , and as she did so the tears streamed from her eyes on the pavement . The poor creature , it was plain enough , was then dying ; and I told her so . She said she knew it , but had no place to die in but the parish workhouse , and hoped that I would not send her there . What 's the use of talking ? I brought her here , and put her to sleep on the sofa while Jones cleared out the lumber-room and got up a bed . I sent for Dr H —— to look at her ; he gave her a week or ten days at the farthest : I do n't think she 'll last so long . The curate of St —— comes every day to see her , and I like to talk to her myself sometimes . Well , Mrs Jones , how goes she on ? ’ ‘ She 's asleep , ’ said the housekeeper . ‘ Would you like to look at her , gentlemen ? ’ We entered the room together . It was as if some unaccountable presentiment had forewarned me : there , upon a snow-white sheet , and pillowed by my friend 's favourite eider-down squab , lay the wasted form of Ellen D ——. She slept soundly and breathed loudly ; and Dr H ——, who entered while we stood at the bedside , informed us that in all probability she would awake only to die , or if to sleep again , then to wake no more . The latter was the true prophecy . She awoke an hour or two after my departure , and passed away that same night in a quiet slumber without a pang . I never learned by what chain of circumstances she was driven to seek alms in the public streets . I might have done so perhaps by inquiry , but to what purpose ? She died in peace , with friendly hands and friendly hearts near her , and Jack buried her in his own grave in Highgate Cemetery , at his own expense ; and declares he is none the worse for it . I am of his opinion . NOTES FROM AUSTRALIA . Letters from working-men have been published in great numbers by the home-press , but a voice from the tradesman has seldom been heard ; or , if heard , has not been attended to . I trust in some measure to supply the deficiency to those middle-class townsfolk who seek to emigrate to Australia . 1st , I can only reconcile the different accounts furnished by emigrants — believing people to write as they think at the time — by remembering that some have come from quiet rural places , and others from populous towns . The first will consider Geelong — its beautiful bay , ships , and steamers , as a hustling , improving , and increasing town , laid out for a future provincial capital ; the last will regard it as a dull , detached series of villages , which will some day be a large town . A modification of these causes , allowing for age , temperament , circumstances , and station in life , will explain any ordinary discrepancy in the accounts from this country . 2d , The various accounts of the climate must in a measure be traced to the same causes . People used to out-door labour in Britain find the winter so mild , that everything is lauded to the skies ; those used to nice , roomy , convenient houses at home , finding themselves so very differently situated , condemn climate , prospects , and everything . Both may convey a false impression . The cold or heat by the thermometer is no test of sensation ; days , however warm , are exceedingly agreeable , except the hot-wind days , which are absolutely indescribable , yet I have seen some men work out all day in the worst of them . They cause great relaxation in the system , and produce dysentery , especially among children . Compared with other hot countries , this appears to be the most agreeable . 3d , Employment .— This is readily to be obtained by working mechanics of all kinds in the towns ; remembering that a very small sprinkling of workmen for finer work — such as cornice-mouldings , fine freestone work , cabinetwork , & c .— will be able to find employment for a long time to come , because , till a new generation spring up , who can live upon the accumulations of their sires , money will not be diverted to any great extent from business in land , buildings , or merchandise . A considerable number of labourers will find employment about the towns , at the stores , on the wharfs , & c. at about 24s . weekly . Country work on the sheep-stations — as shepherds , drivers of bullock-drays , sheep-washing and shearing , cooking for the men , & c .— is remunerated by about L. 25 and food . These live far off in the solitary plains , almost apart from men , and come to town once , twice , or thrice a year , as their distance and employment may determine . The Sabbath has little of the religious character for them , and they know little of the progress of mankind . Agriculture also employs men at about the same rate . There is no probability of wages falling , for a long time to come , with any stream of emigration likely to come out hither ; for if the country cannot grow more wool , a greater attention to its quality would employ more men ; and agriculture will absorb a vast population as soon as the land-question has been fairly overhauled , and settled on a foundation that will allow a small capitalist to obtain , at a fair price , a suitable farm : besides , everything necessary to civilisation has yet to be done — roads , bridges , quarries , wells , and a long etcetera that one can scarcely catalogue . 4th , Capitalists of L. 1000 and upwards can make , apart from wool-growing , twenty per cent . on their money without being in trade , chiefly by buying at the government land-sales , and subdividing the section into small allotments , or by building houses , shops , & c. The average of rental returns the capital in four years . But this can only be done if emigration continues — and emigration with a sprinkling of holders of L. 50 to L. 200 . If this stops , there can be few purchasers . Should a fixed price be put upon government land , there might be a difference in the way in which capital could be turned to profit ; but L. 1000 and upwards can find so many favourable investments in a new colony , that a living could be secured without much trouble or anxiety . 5th , Population .— By the census just completed , there are 78 , 000 inhabitants in Victoria ( Port-Philip ) ; County of Bourke , 44 , 000 — including Melbourne , the capital , 20 , 000 ; County of Grant , 12 , 000 — including Geelong , its capital , 8000 . Warnambool , Belfast , and Portland , along the coast , only number hundreds , and Kilmore , forty miles inland , nearly 2000 : there are also various villages — on paper — so called , numbering ten to fifty houses each . From this it will be seen that more than half of the entire population is within twenty miles of Melbourne , a third of the residue within fifteen miles of Geelong , and the remainder scattered , including the 1200 squatting-stations , over a very extensive country . These towns are not , in my opinion , a natural growth , but have been forced into their present magnitude from the difficulties in obtaining land at a price to make up for the utter want of every convenience , a want arising from the total absence of any effort on the part of the government hitherto to make even one great trunk-road through the colony . Facilities for internal communication would cause towns to increase naturally . Now , people arrive with glowing ideas of the beauty and fertility of the country , and finding everything difficult of access there , betake themselves to shopkeeping , forcing up rents to an exorbitant sum , and losing their little capital . I think my opinion borne out by the fact , that the country population of Grant County was 1959 in 1846 , and 4469 in 1851 ; Geelong in 1846 had 1911 , and in 1851 , 8000 — the town population more than quadrupling itself in the last five years , the county increasing only 2510 . Melbourne and Bourke County are nearly in the same position . There are seven or eight merchants in Geelong who import goods of all kinds , twenty-two drapery establishments in a respectable way , besides numbers of small ones on the outskirts ; other trades are proportionately overdone . Melbourne is , I am credibly informed , equally crowded . These facts shew that there is no opening for people in business . A great imposition is practised by stating the increase of a town at so much per cent ., or having doubled or trebled itself in so short a time , the fact being that even its present condition may be that only of a village . Interested parties too often talk their places into notice ; and if people do not deal in ‘ notions , ’ they all have some allotment that will just suit you , which they do n't care to keep any longer . An argument from the amount of imports is made use of unfairly . The United States are set down at 30s . per head , Australia about L. 7 per head . This latter , they say , is the country to encourage , to emigrate to — see how prosperous it is ! being blind , apparently , to the fact , that Australia , having nothing as yet but the raw material , tallow and wool , it must barter all it has for what it wants — a proof to me as much of necessity as of prosperity . Many more persons cannot engage profitably in the wool and tallow trade ; the field is therefore narrow for general purposes of emigrants , and easily liable to be overstocked , unless the government take prompt measures to open out the abundant internal resources of minerals , & c. and give easier and cheaper possession of land : then , though the imports might not be much more , the prosperity would be much greater . America I believe to be in this latter position , presenting a more varied field for the operations of the small capitalist , though her imports may be inconsiderable per head . I ought to state , that a great many of the reported cases of success are , from misapprehension of the real circumstances of the parties , either quite false , or calculated to mislead . Doubtless many successful hits will be made by purchasers of mineral land , and so are successful hits made at the gaming-table . Successful men , besides , are well known , while the unsuccessful have slunk away and are forgotten . Few fortunes have been made by simple shopkeeping . I ought not to conclude without referring to farming , although not practically acquainted with it ; indeed , the accounts from farmers differ as much as the size and shape of their farms : but it appears to me that , from one or other of the following causes , farming has not hitherto paid well :— A large farm has been purchased , leaving too little cash to spare for the erection of houses , fences , and cultivation ; or leaving it burdened with a mortgage at heavy interest ; or a short lease — of three years — has been taken , and the money sunk on the improvements ; or the cultivation has been of such a wretched description as failed to raise a remunerative crop . There never appears to have been a want of sufficient market for any field-produce . L. 1000 judiciously invested on a farm , I believe , would pay . I trust it will be seen that my object in writing the foregoing has been to guard against the pictures of climate and scenery , good or bad , that are constantly written ; to shew that plenty of employment at a remunerative wage is to be had , but only of the heavy and laborious kind ; that there is a wide field for capitalists ; but that shopkeepers and townspeople , unused to out-door labour , have a poor chance , owing to the smallness of the population and the competition which already exists . GROUND-LIZARD OF JAMAICA . One feature with which a stranger cannot fail to be struck on his arrival in the island , and which is essentially tropical , is the abundance of the lizards that everywhere meet his eye . As soon as ever he sets foot on the beach , the rustlings among the dry leaves , and the dartings hither and thither among the spiny bushes that fringe the shore , arrest his attention ; and he sees on every hand the beautifully coloured and meek-faced ground-lizard ( Ameiva dorsalis ) , scratching like a bird among the sand , or peering at him from beneath the shadow of a great leaf , or creeping stealthily along with its chin and belly upon the earth , or shooting over the turf with such a rapidity that it seems to fly rather than run . By the road-sides , and in the open pastures , and in the provision-grounds of the negroes , still he sees this elegant and agile lizard ; and his prejudices against the reptile races must be inveterate indeed if he can behold its gentle countenance , and timid but bright eyes , its chaste but beautiful hues , its graceful form and action , and its bird-like motions , with any other feeling than admiration . As he walks along the roads and lanes that divide the properties , he will perceive at every turn the smooth and trim little figure of the wood-slaves ( Mabouya agilis ) basking on the loose stones of the dry walls ; their glossy , fish-like scales glistening in the sun with metallic brilliancy . They lie as still as if asleep ; but on the intruder 's approach , they are ready in a moment to dart into the crevices of the stones and disappear until the danger is past . If he looks into the outbuildings of the estates , the mill-house , or the boiling-house , or the cattle-sheds , a singular croaking sound above his head causes him to look up ; and then he sees clinging to the rafters , or crawling sluggishly along with the back downward , three or four lizards , of form , colour , and action very diverse from those he has seen before . It is the gecko or croaking lizard ( Thecodactylus loevis ) , a nocturnal animal in its chief activity , but always to be seen in these places or in hollow trees even by day . Its appearance is repulsive , I allow , but its reputation for venom is libellous and groundless . The stranger walks into the dwelling-house : lizards , lizards , still meet his eye . The little anoles ( A. iodurus , A. opalinus , & c .) are chasing each other in and out between the jalousies , now stopping to protrude from the throat a broad disk of brilliant colour , crimson or orange , like the petal of a flower , then withdrawing it , and again displaying it in coquettish play . Then one leaps a yard or two through the air , and alights on the back of his playfellow ; and both struggle and twist about in unimaginable contortions . Another is running up and down on the plastered wall , catching the ants as they roam in black lines over its whited surface ; and another leaps from the top of some piece of furniture upon the back of the visitor 's chair , and scampers nimbly along the collar of his coat . It jumps on the table — can it be the same ? An instant ago it was of the most beautiful golden green , except the base of the tail , which was of a soft , light , purple hue ; now , as if changed by an enchanter 's wand , it is of a sordid , sooty brown all over , and becomes momentarily darker and darker , or mottled with dark and pale patches of a most unpleasing aspect . Presently , however , the mental emotion , what , ever it was — anger , or fear , or dislike — has passed away , and the lovely green hue sparkles in the glancing sunlight as before . He lifts the window-sash ; and instantly there run out on the sill two or three minute lizards of a new kind , allied to the gecko , the common palette-tip ( Sphoeriodactylus argus .) It is scarcely more than two inches long , more nimble than fleet in its movement , and not very attractive . In the woods he would meet with other kinds . On the trunks of the trees he might frequently see the Venus ( Dactyloa Edwardsii ) , as it is provincially called ; a lizard much like the anoles of the houses , of a rich grass-green colour , with orange throat-disk , but much larger and fiercer ; or , in the eastern parts of the island , the great iguana ( Cyclura lophoma ) , with it dorsal crest like the teeth of a saw running down all its back , might be seen lying out on the branches of the trees , or playing bo-peep from a hole in the trunk ; or , in the swamps and morasses of Westmoreland , the yellow galliwasp ( Celestus occiduus ) , so much dreaded and abhorred , yet without reason , might be observed sitting idly in the mouth of its burrow , or feeding on the wild fruits and marshy plants that constitute its food .— Gosse 's Naturalist 's Sojourn . A SCENE IN NEW ENGLAND . I leave Boston sometimes in the evening by rail , get thirty miles off , then strike away into byways , ramble for an hour or two , and get back to the rail . I was out yesterday , and nothing can equal the colour of the foliage : if it was painted , it would look like fancy . In the course of my stroll , I came upon a lake entirely surrounded with forest , and containing , as I was informed , about four square miles of water , studded with islands varying in size from one to twenty acres . I would describe a point of view which enchanted me . I was on one side of the lake , where it is about half a mile in width : about half-way across , for the foreground of my picture , is a small island , about two acres , covered with trees , looking as if they grew out of the lake , with a central one of at least eighty feet high , and of the purest orange colour . The opposite shore is of a crescent shape , with the forest rising like an amphitheatre behind , glowing with every imaginable colour , from the intense crimson to the pale pink , and looking exactly like an enormous flower-garden stretching away to the distance , and the colour so strongly reflected in the water , that it is difficult to tell the reality from the reflection . At home in England , I would have gone far to see such scenes ; but they are here at every turn . I enclose you some leaves , but the purity of the colour is gone after a few hours . I am sure many valuable additions might be made to the European stock of flowers : there are thousands of species — some extremely beautiful ; but how they are propagated , or whether they could be transplanted , I cannot tell , being no horticulturist . Among the millions here , one plant would be much admired with you . It grows wild about three feet high , with long , curiously-formed leaves , and surmounted by bunches of bright scarlet blossoms , exactly like the geranium . In the course of my stroll , I came upon a genuine shanty of a new settler , full of fine children . The husband away at work — a little patch cleared for Indian corn and a few vegetables , the sturdy trees enclosing all . Truly the pair have their work before them , but they have likewise hope and comfort . I chatted a little while with the wife , a genuine specimen of the Anglo-Saxon race — clean , industrious , and hopeful : left home to avoid being starved , and sat down here , in rude comfort , with her ruddy children growing up about her — to be a joy and a support , instead of the drag and vexation they would have proved at home .— Private Letter from an English Artist settled at Boston . WOMEN . Christianity freed woman , because it opened to her the long-closed world of spiritual knowledge . Sublime and speculative theories , hitherto confined to the few , became , when once they were quickened by faith , things for which thousands were eager to die . Simple women meditated in their homes on questions which had long troubled philosophers in the groves of academies . They knew this well ; and felt that from her who had sat at the feet of the Master , listening to the divine teaching , down to the poorest slave who heard the tidings of spiritual liberty , they had all become daughters of a great and immortal faith . Of that faith women were the earliest adherents , disciples , and martyrs . Women followed Jesus , entertained the wandering apostles , worshipped in the catacombs , or died in the arena . The Acts of the Apostles bear record to the charity of Dorcas and the hospitality of Lydia ; and tradition has preserved the memory of Praxedes and Pudentiana , daughters of a Roman senator , in whose house the earliest Christian meetings were held in Rome .— Women of Christianity , by Julia Kavanagh . ‘ WHARE'ER THERE 'S A WILL THERE IS ALWAYS A WAY . ’ Langsyne , when I first gaed to schule , I was glaiket , In books and in learning nae pleasure had I ; And when for my fauts wi ’ the taws I was paiket , ‘ I canna do better , ’ was aye my reply . ‘ Deed Rab , ’ quo my mither , ‘ for daffn ’ and playin ’ There ‘ s nocht ye can manage by nicht or by day ; But this let me tell ye , and mind what I 'm sayin ’ — Whare'er there 's a will there is always a way . ‘ Just look at our preacher , when but a bit callan , The ills o ’ cauld poortith he aft had to dree , But to better his lot the poor chiel aye was willin ’ — At schule and at wark ever eident was he : Sage books he wad read , and their truths he wad cherish , And earnestly sprauchle up learning 's steep brae ; And noo he 's Mess John o ’ his ain native parish — Sae whare there 's a will there is always a way . ‘ And man , if ye saw how his manse is bedecket ! Ilk room 's like a palace , it 's plenished sae fine ; And then wi ’ the best in the land he 's respecket , And aft wi ’ My Lord is invited to dine . O Rab , then , be active ; frae him tak ’ example ; His case speaks mair powerfu ’ than ocht I can say ; And soon ye will find that your talents are ample ; For whare there 's a will there is always a way . ‘ What though we are cotters ?— the poorest may flourish , And wha wadna rise wi ’ the glorious few ? Industry works wonders — its spirit aye nourish — It isna the drone gathers hinney , I trew . Then onward , my laddie ! ye canna regret it ; What wrecks and what tears have been caused by delay ! If noble your wish is , press on , ye will get it ! For whare there 's a will there is always a way . ’ Thus spak my auld mither : ilk word seemed a sermon , But just rather warldly , as ane micht alloo ; But , haith , it inspired me , and made me determine To haud to the lair and keep progress in view . Sae I tried ilka project instruction to gather : When herdin ’ the sheep for our laird , Ringan Gray , The Bible and Bunyan , I read ‘ mang the heather — Aye whare there 's a will there is always a way . But my father he dee 'd , and to help my auld mither I noo had to struggle wi ’ hardship and care ; And aften I thocht I wad stick a'thegither , But something within me said : ‘ Never despair ! ’ At last I grew bein , for I toiled late and early , Syne to College I gaed , and was made a D. D . And noo I 'm Mess John in the Kirk o ’ Glenfairly — Sae whare there 's a will there is always a way . The manse — but I shouldna wi ’ vainity crack o't — Is as cozie a beil as a body could see ; Hauf-hid ‘ mang auld trees , wi ’ braw parks at the back o't , Whare lambs , ‘ mang the gowans , are sporting wi ’ glee . I 've got a bit wife too , a rich winsome lady — In short , I hae a ’ that a mortal could hae : Sae onward , ye youths ! as my auld mither said aye — Whare'er there 's a will there is always a way . A. M'KAY . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S . ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N . CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .