CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 434 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , APRIL 24 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . PUFF AND PUSH . It is said that everything is to be had in London . There is truth enough in the observation ; indeed , rather too much . The conviction that everything is to be had , whether you are in want of it or not , is forced upon you with a persistence that becomes oppressive ; and you find that , owing to everything being so abundantly plentiful , there is one thing which is not to be had , do what you will , though you would like it , have it if you could — and that one thing is just one day 's exemption from the persecutions of Puff in its myriad shapes and disguises . But it is not to be allowed ; all the agencies that will work at all are pressed into the service of pushing and puffing traffic ; and we are fast becoming , from a nation of shopkeepers , a nation in a shop . If you walk abroad , it is between walls swathed in puffs ; if you are lucky enough to drive your gig , you have to ‘ cut in and out ’ between square vans of crawling puffs ; if , alighting , you cast your eyes upon the ground , the pavement is stencilled with puffs ; if in an evening stroll you turn your eye towards the sky , from a paper balloon the clouds drop puffs . You get into an omnibus , out of the shower , and find yourself among half a score of others , buried alive in puffs ; you give the conductor sixpence , and he gives you three pennies in change , and you are forced to pocket a puff , or perhaps two , stamped indelibly on the copper coin of the realm . You wander out into the country , but the puffs have gone thither before you , turn in what direction you may ; and the green covert , the shady lane , the barks of columned beeches and speckled birches , of gnarled oaks and rugged elms — no longer the mysterious haunts of nymphs and dryads , who have been driven far away by the omnivorous demon of the shop — are all invaded by Puff , and subdued to the office of his ministering spirits . Puff , in short , is the monster megatherium of modern society , who runs rampaging about the world , his broad back in the air , and his nose on the ground , playing all sorts of ludicrous antics , doing very little good , beyond filling his own insatiable maw , and nobody knows how much mischief in accomplishing that . Push is an animal of a different breed , naturally a thorough-going , steady , and fast-trotting hack , who mostly keeps in the Queen 's highway , and knows where he is going . Unfortunately , he is given to break into a gallop now and then ; and whenever in this vicious mood , is pretty sure to take up with Puff , and the two are apt to make wild work of it when they scamper abroad together . The worst of it is , that nobody knows which is which of these two termagant tramplers : both are thoroughly protean creatures , changing shapes and characters , and assuming a thousand different forms every day ; so that it is a task all but impossible to distinguish one from the other . Hence a man may got upon the back of either without well knowing whither he will be carried , or what will be the upshot of his journey . Dropping our parable , and leaving the supposed animals to run their indefinite career , let us take a brief glance at some of the curiosities of the science of Puffing and Pushing — for both are so blended , that it is impossible to disentangle one from the other — as it is carried on at the present hour in the metropolis . The business of the shopkeeper , as well as of all others who have goods to sell , is of course to dispose of his wares as rapidly as possible , and in the dearest market . This market he has to create , and he must do it in one of two ways : either he must succeed in persuading the public , by some means or other , that it is to their advantage to deal with him , or he must wait patiently and perseveringly until they have found that out , which they will inevitably do if it is a fact . No shop ever pays its expenses , as a general rule , for the first ten or twenty months , unless it be literally crammed down the public throat by the instrumentality of the press and the boarding ; and it is therefore a question , whether it is cheaper to wait for a business to grow up , like a young plant , or to force it into sudden expansion by artificial means . When a business is manageable by one or two hands , the former expedient is the better one , and as such is generally followed , after a little preliminary advertising , to apprise the neighbourhood of its whereabouts . But when the proprietor has an army of assistants to maintain and to salarise , the case is altogether different : the expense of waiting , perhaps for a couple of years , would swallow up a large capital . On this account , he finds it more politic to arrest the general attention by a grand stir in all quarters , and some obtrusive demonstration palpable to all eyes , which shall blazon his name and pretensions through every street and lane of mighty London . Sometimes it is a regiment of foot , with placarded banners ; sometimes one of cavalry , with bill-plastered vehicles and bands of music ; sometimes it is a phalanx of bottled humanity , crawling about in labelled triangular phials of wood , corked with woful faces ; and sometimes it is all these together , and a great deal more besides . By this means , he conquers reputation , as a despot sometimes carries a throne , by a coup d 'é tat , and becomes a celebrity at once to the million , among whom his name is infinitely better known than those of the greatest benefactors of mankind . All this might be tolerable enough if it ended here ; but , unhappily , it does not . Experiment has shewn that , just as gudgeons will bite at anything when the mud is stirred up at the bottom of their holes , so the ingenuous public will lay out their money with anybody who makes a prodigious noise and clatter about the bargains he has to give . The result of this discovery is , the wholesale daily publication of lies of most enormous calibre , and their circulation , by means which we shall briefly notice , in localities where they are likely to prove most productive . The advertisement in the daily or weekly papers , the placard on the walls or boardings , the perambulating vans and banner-men , and the doomed hosts of bottle-imps and extinguishers , however successful each may be in attracting the gaze and securing the patronage of the multitude , fail , for the most part , of enlisting the confidence of a certain order of customers , who , having plenty of money to spend , and a considerable share of vanity to work upon , are among the most hopeful fish that fall into the shopkeeper 's net . These are the female members of a certain order of families — the amiable and genteel wives and daughters of the commercial aristocracy , and their agents , of this great city . They reside throughout the year in the suburbs : they rarely read the newspapers ; it would not be genteel to stand in the streets spelling over the bills on the walls ; and the walking and riding equipages of puffing are things decidedly low in their estimation . They must , therefore , be reached by some other means ; and these other means are before us as we write , in the shape of a pile of circular-letters in envelopes of all sorts — plain , hot-pressed , and embossed ; with addresses — some in manuscript , and others in print — some in a gracefully genteel running-hand , and others decidedly and rather obtrusively official in character , as though emanating from government authorities — each and all , however , containing the bait which the lady-gudgeon is expected to swallow . Before proceeding to open a few of them for the benefit of the reader , we must apprise him of a curious peculiarity which marks their delivery . Whether they come by post , as the major part of them do , not a few of them requiring a double stamp , or whether they are delivered by hand , one thing is remarkable — they always come in the middle of the day , between the hours of eleven in the forenoon and five in the afternoon , when , as a matter of course , the master of the house is not in the way . Never , by any accident , does the morning-post , delivered in the suburbs between nine and ten , produce an epistle of this kind . Let us now open a few of them , and learn from their contents what is the shopkeeper 's estimate of the gullibility of the merchant 's wife , or his daughter , or of the wife or daughter of his managing clerk . The first that comes to hand is addressed thus : ‘ No . 2795 .— DECLARATIVE NOTICE .— From the Times , August 15 , 1851 . ’ The contents are a circular , handsomely printed on three crowded sides of royal quarto glazed post , and containing a list of articles for peremptory disposal , under unheard-of advantages , on the premises of Mr Gobblemadam , at No . 541 New Ruin Street . Without disguising anything more than the addresses of these puffing worthies , we shall quote verbatim a few paragraphs from their productions . The catalogue of bargains in the one before us comprises almost every species of textile manufacture , as well native as foreign — among which silks , shawls , dresses , furs , and mantles are the most prominent ; and amazing bargains they are — witness the following extracts : ‘ A marvellous variety of fancy silks , cost from 4 to 5 guineas each , will be sold for L. 1 , 19s . 6d . each . Robes of damas and broche ( foreign ) , cost 6 guineas , to be sold for 2-1 / 2 guineas . Embroidered muslin robes , newest fashion , cost 18s . 9d ., to be sold for 9s . 6d . Worked lace dresses , cost 35s ., to be sold at 14s . 9d . Do . do . cost 28s . 6d ., to be sold at 7s . 6d . Newest dresses , of fashionable materials , worth 35s ., to be sold for 9s . 9d . Splendid Paisley shawls , worth 2-1 / 2 guineas , for 16s . Cashmere shawls ( perfect gems ) , cost 4 guineas , to be sold for 35s . ’ A long list of similar bargains closes with a declaration that , although these prices are mentioned , a clearance of the premises , rather than a compensation for the value of the goods , is the great object in view ; that the articles will be got rid of regardless of price ; and that ‘ the disposal will assume the character of a gratuitous distribution , rather than of an actual sale . ’ This is pretty well for the first hap-hazard plunge into the half-bushel piled upon our table . Mr Gobblemadam may go down . Let us see what the next will produce . The second is addressed thus : ‘ To be opened within two hours after delivery .— SPECIAL COMMISSION .— Final Audit , 30th October 1851 . ’ The contents are a closely-printed extra-royal folio broadside , issued by the firm of Messrs Shavelass and Swallowher , of Tottering Terrace West . It contains a voluminous list of useful domestic goods , presenting the most enormous bargains , in the way of sheetings , shirtings , flannels , diapers , damasks , dimities , table-cloths , & c. & c. The economical housewife is cautioned by this generous firm , that to disregard the present opportunity would be the utmost excess of folly , as the whole stock is to be peremptorily sold considerably under half the cost price . The following are a few of the items : ‘ Irish lines , warranted genuine , 9-1 / 2d . per yard . Fine cambric handkerchiefs , 2s . 6d . per dozen . Curtain damask , in all colours , 6-1 / 2d . per yard . Swiss curtains , elegantly embroidered , four yards long , for 6s . 9d . a pair — cost 17s . 6d . Drawing-room curtains , elaborately wrought , at 8s . 6d . a pair — cost 21s . ’ The bargains , in short , as Messrs Shavelass and Swallowher observe , are of such an astounding description , as ‘ to strike all who witness them with wonder , amazement , and surprise ; ’ and ‘ demand inspection from every lady who desires to unite superiority of taste with genuine quality and economy . ’ The next is a remarkably neat envelope , with a handsomely embossed border , bearing the words , ‘ ON ESPECIAL SERVICE ’ under the address , and winged with a two-penny stamp . The enclosure is a specimen of fine printing on smooth , thin vellum , in the form of a quarto catalogue , with a deep , black-bordered title-page , emanating from the dreary establishment of Messrs Moan and Groan , of Cypress Row . Here commerce condescends to sympathy , and measures forth to bereaved and afflicted humanity the outward and visible symbols of their hidden griefs . Here , when you enter his gloomy penetralia , and invoke his services , the sable-clad and cadaverous-featured shopman asks you , in a sepulchral voice — we are not writing romance , but simple fact — whether you are to be suited for inextinguishable sorrow , or for mere passing grief ; and if you are at all in doubt upon the subject , he can solve the problem for you , if you lend him your confidence for the occasion . He knows from long and melancholy experience the agonising intensity of wo expressed by bombazine , crape , and Paramatta ; can tell to a sigh the precise amount of regret that resides in a black bonnet ; and can match any degree of internal anguish with its corresponding shade of colour , from the utter desolation and inconsolable wretchedness of dead and dismal black , to the transient sentiment of sorrowful remembrance so appropriately symbolised by the faintest shade of lavender or French gray . Messrs Moan and Groan know well enough , that when the heart is burdened with sorrow , considerations of economy are likely to be banished from the mind as out of place , and disrespectful to the memory of the departed ; and , therefore , they do not affront their sorrowing patrons with the sublunary details of pounds , shillings , and pence . They speed on the wings of the post to the house of mourning , with the benevolent purpose of comforting the afflicted household . They are the first , after the stroke of calamity has fallen , to mingle the business of life with its regrets ; and to cover the woes of the past with the allowable vanities of the present . Step by step , they lead their melancholy patrons along the meandering margin of their flowing pages — from the very borders of the tomb , through all the intermediate changes by which sorrow publishes to the world its gradual subsidence , and land them at last in the sixteenth page , restored to themselves and to society , in the frontbox of the Opera , glittering in ‘ splendid head-dresses in pearl , ’ in ‘ fashionably elegant turbans , ’ and in ‘ dress-caps trimmed with blonde and Brussels lace . ’ For such benefactors to womankind — the dears — of course no reward can be too great ; and , therefore , Messrs Moan and Groan , strong in their modest sense of merit , make no parade of prices . They offer you all that in circumstances of mourning you can possibly want ; they scorn to do you the disgrace of imagining that you would drive a bargain on the very brink of the grave ; and you are of course obliged to them for the delicacy of their reserve on so commonplace a subject , and you pay their bill in decorous disregard of the amount . It is true , that certain envious rivals have compared them to birds of prey , scenting mortality from afar , and hovering like vultures on the trail of death , in order to profit by his dart ; but such ‘ caparisons , ’ as Mrs Malaprop says , ‘ are odorous , ’ and we will have nothing to do with them . The next , and the last we shall examine ere Betty claims the whole mass to kindle her fires , is a somewhat bulky envelope , addressed in a neat hand : To the Lady of the House . It contains a couple of very voluminous papers , almost as large as the broad page of The Times , one of which adverts mysteriously to some appalling calamity , which has resulted in a ‘ most DISASTROUS FAILURE , productive of the most intense excitement in the commercial world . ’ We learn further on , that from various conflicting circumstances , which the writer does not condescend to explain , above L. 150 , 000 worth of property has come into the hands of Messrs Grabble and Grab , of Smash Place , ‘ which they are resolute in summarily disposing of on principles commensurate with the honourable position they hold in the metropolis . ’ Then follows a list of tempting bargains , completely filling both the broad sheets . Here are a few samples : ‘ Costly magnificent long shawls , manufactured at L. 6 , to be sold for 18s . 6d . Fur victorines , usually charged 18s . 6d ., to sell at 1s . 3d . 2500 shawls ( Bar è ge ) , worth 21s . each , to sell at 5s . Embroidered satin shawls ( magnificent ) , value 20 guineas each , to be sold for 3 guineas . ’ The reader is probably satisfied by this time of the extraordinary cheapness of these inexhaustible wares , which thus go begging for purchasers in the bosoms of families . It is hardly necessary to inform him , that all these enormous pretensions are so many lying delusions , intended only to bring people in crowds to the shop , where they are effectually fleeced by the jackals in attendance . If the lady reader doubt the truth of our assertion , let her go for once to the establishment of Messrs Grabble and Grab last named . An omnibus from any part of the city or suburbs will , as the circular informs you , set you down at the door . Upon entering the shop , you are received by a polite inquiry from the ‘ walker ’ as to the purpose of your visit . You must say something in answer to his torrent of civility , and you probably name the thing you want , or at least which you are willing to have at the price named in the sheet transmitted to you through the post . Suppose you utter the word ‘ shawl . ’ ‘ This way , madam , ’ says he ; and forthwith leads you a long dance to the end of the counter , where he consigns you over to the management of a plausible genius invested with the control of the shawl department . You have perhaps the list of prices in your hand , and you point out the article you wish to see . The fellow shews you fifty things for which you have no occasion , in spite of your reiterated request for the article in the list . He states his conviction , in a flattering tone , that that article would not become you , and recommends those he offers as incomparably superior . If you insist , which you rarely can , he is at length sorry to inform you that the article is unfortunately just now out of stock , depreciating it at the same time as altogether beneath your notice ; and in the end succeeds in cramming you with something which you do n't want , and for which you pay from 15 to 20 per cent . more than your own draper would have charged you for it . The above extracts are given in illustration of the last new discovery in the science of puffing — a discovery by which , through the agency of the press , the penny-post , and the last new London Directory , the greatest rogues are enabled to practise upon the simplicity of our better-halves , while we think them secure in the guardianship of home . We imagine that , practically , this science must be now pretty near completion . Earth , air , fire , and water , are all pressed into the service . It has its painters , and poets , and literary staff , from the bard who tunes his harp to the praise of the pantaloons of the great public benefactor Noses , to the immortal professoress of crochet and cross-stitch , who contracts for L. 120 a year to puff in ‘ The Family Fudge ’ the superexcellent knitting and boar'shYpppHeNhead cotton of Messrs Steel and Goldseye . It may be that something more is yet within the reach of human ingenuity . It remains to be seen whether we shall at some future time find puffs in the hearts of lettuces and summer-cabbages , or shell them from our green-peas and Windsor beans . It might be brought about , perhaps , were the market-gardeners enlisted in the cause ; the only question is , whether it could be made to pay . RECOLLECTIONS OF A POLICE-OFFICER . THE MONOMANIAC . The following narrative relates more to medical than to criminal history ; but as the affair came in some degree under my notice as a public officer , I have thought it might not be altogether out of place in these slight outlines of police experience . Strange and unaccountable as it may at first appear , its general truth will hardly be questioned by those who have had opportunities of observing the fantastic delusions which haunt and dominate the human brain in certain phases of mental aberration . On arriving in London , in 1831 , I took lodgings at a Mr Renshawe 's , in Mile-End Road , not far from the turnpike-gate . My inducement to do so , was partly the cheapness and neatness of the accommodation , partly that the landlord 's maternal uncle , a Mr Oxley , was slightly known to me . Henry Renshawe I knew by reputation only , he having left Yorkshire ten or eleven years before , and even that knowledge was slight and vague . I had heard that a tragical event had cast a deep shadow over his after-life ; that he had been for some months the inmate of a private lunatic asylum ; and that some persons believed his brain had never thoroughly recovered its originally healthy action . In this opinion , both my wife and myself very soon concurred ; and yet I am not sure that we could have given a satisfactory reason for such belief . He was , it is true , usually kind and gentle , even to the verge of simplicity , but his general mode of expressing himself and conducting business was quite coherent and sensible ; although , in spite of his resigned cheerfulness of tone and manner , it was at times quite evident , that whatever the mental hurt he had received , it had left a rankling , perhaps remorseful , sting behind . A small , well-executed portrait in his sitting-room suggested a conjecture of the nature of the calamity which had befallen him . It was that of a fair , mild-eyed , very young woman , but of a pensive , almost mournful , cast of features , as if the coming event , briefly recorded in the lower right-hand corner of the painting , had already , during life and health , cast its projecting shadow over her . That brief record was this :— ‘ Laura Hargreaves , born 1804 ; drowned 1821 . ’ No direct allusion to the picture ever passed his lips , in my hearing , although , from being able to chat together of Yorkshire scenes and times , we speedily became excellent friends . Still , there were not wanting , from time to time , significant indications , though difficult to place in evidence , that the fire of insanity had not been wholly quenched , but still smouldered and glowed beneath the habit-hardened crust which concealed it from the careless or casual observer . Exciting circumstances , not very long after my arrival in the metropolis , unfortunately kindled those brief wild sparkles into a furious and consuming flame . Mr Renshawe was in fair circumstances — that is , his income , derived from funded property alone , was nearly L. 300 a year ; but his habits were close , thrifty , almost miserly . His personal appearance was neat and gentlemanly , but he kept no servant . A charwoman came once a day to arrange his chamber , and perform other household work , and he usually dined , very simply , at a coffee-house or tavern . His house , with the exception of a sitting and bed room , was occupied by lodgers ; amongst these , was a pale , weakly-looking young man , of the name of Irwin . He was suffering from pulmonary consumption — a disease induced , I was informed , by his careless folly in remaining in his wet clothes after having assisted , during the greater part of the night , at a large fire at a coach-factory . His trade was in gold and silver lace-work — bullion for epaulettes , and so on ; and as he had a good connection with several West-end establishments , his business appeared to be a thriving one ; so much so , that he usually employed several assistants of both sexes . He occupied the first floor , and a workshop at the end of the garden . His wife , a pretty-featured , well-formed , graceful young woman , of not more than two or three-and-twenty , was , they told me , the daughter of a schoolmaster , and certainly had been gently and carefully nurtured . They had one child , a sprightly , curly-haired , bright-eyed boy , nearly four years old . The wife , Ellen Irwin , was reputed to be a first-rate hand at some of the lighter parts of her husband 's business ; and her efforts to lighten his toil , and compensate by increased exertion for his daily diminishing capacity for labour , were unwearying and incessant . Never have I seen a more gentle , thoughtful tenderness , than was displayed by that young wife towards her suffering , and sometimes not quite evenly-tempered partner , who , however , let me add , appeared to reciprocate truthfully her affection ; all the more so , perhaps , that he knew their time together upon earth was already shrunk to a brief span . In my opinion , Ellen Irwin was a handsome , even an elegant young person : this , however , is in some degree a matter of taste . But no one could deny that the gentle kindness , the beaming compassion , that irradiated her features as she tended the fast-sinking invalid , rendered her at such times absolutely beautiful — angelised her , to use an expression of my wife 's , with whom she was a prime favourite . I was self-debating for about the twentieth time one evening , where it was I had formerly seen her , with that sad , mournful look of hers ; for seen her I was sure I had , and not long since either . It was late ; I had just returned home ; my wife was in the sick-room , and I had entered it with two or three oranges :— ‘ Oh , now I remember , ’ I suddenly exclaimed , just above my breath ; ‘ the picture in Mr Renshawe 's room ! What a remarkable coincidence ! ’ A low , chuckling laugh , close at my elbow , caused me to turn quickly towards the door . Just within the threshold stood Mr Renshawe , looking like a white stone-image rather than a living man , but for the fierce sparkling of his strangely gleaming eyes , and the mocking , triumphant curl of his lips . ‘ You , too , have at last observed it , then ? ’ he muttered , faintly echoing the under-tone in which I spoke : ‘ I have known the truth for many weeks . ’ The manner , the expression , not the words , quite startled me . At the same moment , a cry of women rang through the room , and I immediately seized Mr Renshawe by the arm , and drew him forcibly away , for there was that in his countenance which should not meet the eyes of a dying man . ‘ What were you saying ? What truth have you known for weeks ? ’ I asked , as soon as we had reached his sitting-room . Before he could answer , another wailing sound ascended from the sick-room . Lightning leaped from Renshawe 's lustrous , dilated eyes , and the exulting laugh again , but louder , burst from his lips : ‘ Ha ! ha ! ’ he fiercely exclaimed . ‘ I know that cry ! It is Death 's !— Death 's ! Thrice-blessed Death , whom I have so often ignorantly cursed ! But that , ’ he added quickly , and peering sharply in my face , ‘ was when , as you know , people said ’ — and he ground his teeth with rage — ‘ people said I was crazed — mad ! ’ ‘ What can you mean by this wild talk , my friend ? ’ I replied in as unconcerned and quieting a tone as I could immediately assume . ‘ Come , sit down : I was asking the meaning of your strange words below , just now . ’ ‘ The meaning of my words ? You know as well as I do . Look there ! ’ ‘ At the painting ? Well ? ’ ‘ You have seen the original , ’ he went on with the same excited tone and gestures . ‘ It crossed me like a flash of lightning . Still , it is strange she does not know me . It is sure she does not ! But I am changed , no doubt — sadly changed ! ’ he added , dejectedly , as he looked in a mirror . ‘ Can you mean that I have seen Laura Hargreaves here ? ’ I stammered , thoroughly bewildered . ‘ She who was drowned ten or eleven years ago ? ’ ‘ To be sure — to be sure ! It was so believed , I admit , by everybody — by myself , and the belief drove me mad ! And yet , I now remember , when at times I was calm — when the pale face , blind staring eyes , and dripping hair , ceased for awhile to pursue and haunt me , the low , sweet voice and gentle face came back , and I knew she lived , though all denied it . But look , it is her very image ! ’ he added fiercely , his glaring eyes flashing from the portrait to my face alternately . ‘ Whose image ? ’ ‘ Whose image !— Why , Mrs Irwin 's , to be sure . You yourself admitted it just now . ’ I was so confounded , that for several minutes I remained stupidly and silently staring at the man . At length I said : ‘ Well , there is a likeness , though not so great as I imagined ’ —— ‘ It is false ! ’ he broke in furiously . ‘ It is her very self . ’ ‘ We 'll talk of that to-morrow . You are ill , overexcited , and must go to bed . I hear Dr Garland 's voice below : he shall come to you . ’ ‘ No — no — no ! ’ he almost screamed . ‘ Send me no doctors ; I hate doctors ! But I 'll go to bed — since — since you wish it ; but no doctors ! Not for the world ! ’ As he spoke , he shrank coweringly backwards , out of the room ; his wavering , unquiet eyes fixed upon mine as long as we remained within view of each other : a moment afterwards , I heard him dart into his chamber , and bolt and double-lock the door . It was plain that lunacy , but partially subdued , had resumed its former mastery over the unfortunate gentleman . But what an extraordinary delusion ! I took a candle , and examined the picture with renewed curiosity . It certainly bore a strong resemblance to Mrs Irwin : the brown , curling hair , the pensive eyes , the pale fairness of complexion , were the same ; but it was scarcely more girlish , more youthful , than the young matron was now , and the original , had she lived , would have been by this time approaching to thirty years of age ! I went softly down stairs and found , as I feared , that George Irwin was gone . My wife came weeping out of the death-chamber , accompanied by Dr Garland , to whom I forthwith related what had just taken place . He listened with attention and interest ; and after some sage observations upon the strange fancies which now and then take possession of the minds of monomaniacs , agreed to see Mr Renshawe at ten the next morning . I was not required upon duty till eleven ; and if it were in the physician 's opinion desirable , I was to write at once to the patient 's uncle , Mr Oxley . Mr Renshawe was , I heard , stirring before seven o'clock , and the charwoman informed me , that he had taken his breakfast as usual , and appeared to be in cheerful , almost high spirits . The physician was punctual : I tapped at the sitting-room door , and was desired to come in . Mr Renshawe was seated at a table with some papers before him , evidently determined to appear cool and indifferent . He could not , however , repress a start of surprise , almost of terror , at the sight of the physician , and a paleness , followed by a hectic flush , passed quickly over his countenance . I observed , too , that the portrait was turned with its face towards the wall . By a strong effort , Mr Renshawe regained his simulated composure , and in reply to Dr Garland 's professional inquiry , as to the state of his health , said with a forced laugh : ‘ My friend , Waters , has , I suppose , been amusing you with the absurd story that made him stare so last night . It is exceedingly droll , I must say , although many persons , otherwise acute enough , cannot , except upon reflection , comprehend a jest . There was John Kemble , the tragedian , for instance , who ’ —— ‘ Never mind John Kemble , my dear sir , ’ interrupted Dr Garland . ‘ Do , pray , tell us the story over again . I love an amusing jest . ’ Mr Renshawe hesitated for an instant , and then said with reserve , almost dignity of manner : ‘ I do not know , sir ’ — his face , by the way , was determinedly averted from the cool , searching gaze of the physician — ‘ I do not know , sir , that I am obliged to find you in amusement ; and as your presence here was not invited , I shall be obliged by your leaving the room as quickly as maybe . ’ ‘ Certainly — certainly , sir . I am exceedingly sorry to have intruded , but I am sure you will permit me to have a peep at this wonderful portrait . ’ Renshawe sprang impulsively forward to prevent the doctor reaching it . He was too late ; and Dr Garland , turning sharply round with the painting in his hand , literally transfixed him in an attitude of surprise and consternation . Like the Ancient Mariner , he held him by his glittering eye , but the spell was not an enduring one . ‘ Truly , ’ remarked Dr Garland , as he found the kind of mesmeric influence he had exerted beginning to fail , ‘ not so very bad a chance resemblance ; especially about the eyes and mouth ’ —— ‘ This is very extraordinary conduct , ’ broke in Mr Renshawe ; ‘ and I must again request that you will both leave the room . ’ It was useless to persist , and we almost immediately went away . ‘ Your impression , Mr Waters , ’ said the physician as he was leaving the house , ‘ is , I daresay , the true one ; but he is on his guard now , and it will be prudent to wait for a fresh outbreak before acting decisively ; more especially as the hallucination appears to be quite a harmless one . ’ This was not , I thought , quite so sure , but of course I acquiesced , as in duty bound ; and matters went on pretty much as usual for seven or eight weeks , except that Mr Renshawe manifested much aversion towards myself personally , and at last served me with a written notice to quit at the end of the term previously stipulated for . There was still some time to that ; and in the meanwhile , I caused a strict watch to be set , as far as was practicable , without exciting observation , upon our landlord 's words and acts . Ellen Irwin 's first tumult of grief subsided , the next and pressing question related to her own and infant son 's subsistence . An elderly man of the name of Tomlins was engaged as foreman ; and it was hoped the business might still be carried on with sufficient profit . Mr Renshawe 's manner , though at times indicative of considerable nervous irritability , was kind and respectful to the young widow ; and I began to hope that the delusion he had for awhile laboured under had finally passed away . The hope was a fallacious one . We were sitting at tea on a Sunday evening , when Mrs Irwin , pale and trembling with fright and nervous agitation , came hastily in with her little boy in her hand . I correctly divined what had occurred . In reply to my hurried questioning , the astounded young matron told me in substance , that within the last two or three days Mr Renshawe 's strange behaviour and disjointed talk had both bewildered and alarmed her . He vaguely intimated that she , Ellen Irwin , was really Laura somebody else — that she had kept company with him , Mr Renshawe , in Yorkshire , before she knew poor George — with many other strange things he muttered rather than spoke out ; and especially that it was owing to her son reminding her continually of his father , that she pretended not to have known Mr Renshawe twelve or thirteen years ago . ‘ In short , ’ added the young woman with tears and blushes , ‘ he is utterly crazed ; for he asked me just now to marry him — which I would not do for the Indies — and is gone away in a passion to find a paper that will prove , he says , I am that other Laura something . ’ There was something so ludicrous in all this , however vexatious and insulting under the circumstances — the recent death of the husband , and the young widow 's unprotected state — that neither of us could forbear laughing at the conclusion of Mrs Irwin 's story . It struck me , too , that Renshawe had conceived a real and ardent passion for the very comely and interesting person before us — first prompted , no doubt , by her accidental likeness to the portrait ; and that some mental flaw or other caused him to confound her with the Laura who had in early life excited the same emotion in his mind . Laughable as the matter was in one sense , there was — and the fair widow had noticed as well as myself — a serious , menacing expression in the man 's eye not to be trifled with ; and at her earnest request , we accompanied her to her own apartment , to which Renshawe had threatened soon to return . We had not been a minute in the room , when his hurried step was heard approaching , and Mrs Waters and I stepped hastily into an adjoining closet , where we could hear and partly see all that passed . Renshawe 's speech trembled with fervency and anger as he broke at once into the subject with which his disordered brain was reeling . ‘ You will not dare to say , will you , that you do not remember this song — that these pencil-marks in the margin were not made by you thirteen years ago ? ’ he menacingly ejaculated . ‘ I know nothing about the song , Mr Renshawe , ’ rejoined the young woman with more spirit than she might have exhibited but for my near presence . ‘ It is really such nonsense . Thirteen years ago , I was only about nine years of age . ’ ‘ You persist , then , unfeeling woman , in this cruel deception ! After all , too , that I have suffered : the days of gloom , the nights of horror , since that fearful moment when I beheld you dragged , a lifeless corpse , from the water , and they told me you were dead ! ’ ‘ Dead ! Gracious goodness , Mr Renshawe , do n't go on in this shocking way ! I was never dragged out of a pond , nor supposed to be dead — never ! You quite frighten one . ’ ‘ Then you and I , your sister , and that thrice-accursed Bedford , did not , on the 7th of August 1821 , go for a sail on the piece of water at Lowfield , and the skiff was not , in the deadly , sudden , jealous strife between him and me , accidentally upset ? But I know how it is : it is this brat , and the memories he recalls , that ’ —— Mrs Irwin screamed , and I stepped sharply into the room . The grasp of the lunatic was on the child 's throat . I loosed it somewhat roughly , throwing him off with a force that brought him to the ground . He rose quickly , glared at me with tiger-like ferocity , and then darted out of the room . The affair had become serious , and the same night I posted a letter to Yorkshire , informing Mr Oxley of what had occurred , and suggesting the propriety of his immediately coming to London . Measures were also taken for securing Mrs Irwin and her son from molestation . But the cunning of lunacy is not easily baffled . On returning home the fourth evening after the dispatch of my letter , I found the house and immediate neighbourhood in the wildest confusion . My own wife was in hysterics ; Mrs Irwin , I was told by half-a-dozen tongues at once , was dying ; and the frightful cause of all was , that little George Irwin , a favourite with everybody , had in some unaccountable manner fallen into the river Lea , and been drowned . This , at least , was the general conviction , although the river had been dragged to no purpose — the poor child 's black beaver-hat and feather having been discovered floated to the bank , a considerable way down the stream . The body , it was thought , had been carried out into the Thames by the force of the current . A terrible suspicion glanced across my mind . ‘ Where is Mr Renshawe ? ’ I asked . Nobody knew . He had not been seen since five o'clock — about the time , I soon ascertained , that the child was missed . I had the house cleared , as quickly as possible , of the numerous gossips that crowded it , and then sought a conference with Dr Garland , who was with Mrs Irwin . The distracted mother had , I found , been profusely bled and cupped , and it was hoped that brain-fever , which had been apprehended , would not ensue . The physician 's suspicions pointed the same way as mine ; but he declined committing himself to any advice , and I was left to act according to my own discretion . I was new to such matters at that time — unfortunately so , as it proved , or the affair might have had a less painful issue . Tomlins and I remained up , waiting for the return of Mr Renshawe ; and as the long , slow hours limped past , the night-silence only broken by the dull moaning , and occasional spasmodic screams of poor Mrs Irwin , I grew very much excited . The prolonged absence of Mr Renshawe confirmed my impressions of his guilt , and I determined to tax him with it , and take him into custody the instant he appeared . It was two in the morning before he did so ; and the nervous fumbling , for full ten minutes , with his latch-key , before he could open the door , quite prepared me for the spectral-like aspect he presented on entering . He had met somebody , it afterwards appeared , outside , who had assured him that the mother of the drowned child was either dead or dying . He never drank , I knew , but he staggered as if intoxicated ; and after he had with difficulty reached the head of the stairs , in reply to my question as to where he had been , he could only stutter with white trembling lips : ‘ It — it — cannot be — be true — that Lau — that Mrs Irwin is — dying ? ’ ‘ Quite true , Mr Renshawe , ’ I very imprudently replied , and in much too loud a tone , for we were but a few paces from Mrs Irwin 's bedroom door . ‘ And if , as I suspect , the child has been drowned by you , you will have before long two murders on your head . ’ A choking , bubbling noise came from the wretched man 's throat , and his shaking fingers vainly strove to loosen his neck-tie . At the same moment , I heard a noise , as of struggling , in the bedroom , and the nurse 's voice in eager remonstrance . I instantly made a movement towards Mr Renshawe , with a view to loosen his cravat — his features being frightfully convulsed , and to get him out of the way as quickly as possible , for I guessed what was about to happen — when he , mistaking my intention , started back , turned half round , and found himself confronted by Mrs Irwin , her pale features and white night-dress dabbled with blood , in consequence of a partial disturbance of the bandages in struggling with the nurse — a terrifying , ghastly sight even to me ; to him utterly overwhelming , and scarcely needing her frenzied execrations on the murderer of her child to deprive him utterly of all remaining sense and strength . He suddenly reeled , threw his arms wildly into the air , and before I could stretch forth my hand to save him , fell heavily backwards from the edge of the steep stairs , where he was standing , to the bottom . Tomlins and I hastened to his assistance , lifted him up , and as we did so , a jet of blood gushed from his mouth ; he had likewise received a terrible wound near the right temple , from which the life-stream issued copiously . We got him to bed : Dr Garland and a neighbouring surgeon were soon with us , and prompt remedies were applied . It was a fruitless labour . Day had scarcely dawned before he heard from the physician 's lips that life with him was swiftly ebbing to its close . He was perfectly conscious and collected . Happily there was no stain of murder on his soul : he had merely enticed the child away , and placed him , under an ingenious pretence , with an acquaintance at Camden-Town ; and by this time both he and his mother were standing , awe-struck and weeping , by Henry Renshawe 's deathbed . He had thrown the child 's hat into the river , and his motive in thus acting appeared to have been a double one . In the first place , because he thought the boy 's likeness to his father was the chief obstacle to Mrs Irwin 's toleration of his addresses ; and next , to bribe her into compliance by a promise to restore her son . But he could not be deemed accountable for his actions . ‘ I think , ’ he murmured brokenly , ‘ that the delusion was partly self-cherished , or of the Evil One . I observed the likeness long before , but it was not till the — the husband was dying , that the idea fastened itself upon my aching brain , and grew there . But the world is passing : forgive me — Ellen — Laura ’ —— He was dead ! The inquest on the cause of death returned , of course , that it was ‘ accidental ; ’ but I long regretted that I had not been less precipitate , though perhaps all was for the best — for the sufferer as well as others . Mr Oxley had died some five weeks previously . This I found from Renshawe 's will , where it was recited as a reason that , having no relative alive for whom he cared , his property was bequeathed to Guy 's Hospital , charged with L. 100 a year to Ellen Irwin , as long as she lived unmarried . The document was perfectly coherent ; and although written during the height of his monomania , contained not a word respecting the identity of the youthful widow and the Laura whose sad fate had first unsettled the testator 's reason . THE VINCEJO 'S PRIZE . This somewhat curious incident in the under-current of history , is given on the authority of Mr H. G. Austen , of New Square , Lincoln 's Inn , to whom the facts were communicated by his father , Sir F. W. Austen , who commanded one of the ships under the orders of Sir George Cockburn on the occasion referred to in the narrative . It is well known that when the French republican armies were overrunning the north of Italy , and commencing that wholesale system of plunder which was afterwards carried out to such perfection by Napoleon 's marshals , the then reigning Duke of Florence offered the magnificent collection of pictures which adorned the Pitti Palace , to the English nation for the comparatively small sum of L. 100 , 000 — a sum which , as the late George Robins might have said , with less than his customary exaggeration , was ‘ hardly the price of the frames , gentlemen . ’ Mr Pitt seems , unfortunately , to have been less sensible of the value of the collection than scrupulous of asking parliament for the money ; and the opportunity was lost of redeeming the national character , by such a set-off against the republican dispersion of the noble collection of Charles I . This circumstance is well known ; but it will probably be new to most of our readers to learn , that many of the best pictures which had thus failed to become British property ‘ by purchase , ’ narrowly missed becoming such ‘ by conquest ; ’ and that , in fact , they were for some hours in British custody . Such , however , was the fact , and the following narrative of the circumstance alluded to may perhaps not be considered devoid of interest . It was in the latter part of the year 1799 , that a squadron of British men-of-war was cruising in the Gulf of Genoa . It was known that the French were on the point of evacuating Italy , and these ships had been detached from Lord Keith 's fleet , to watch that part of the coast , and to intercept , as far as possible , all communication between the ports of Italy and France . The squadron consisted of four vessels , under the orders of the present admiral of the fleet , Sir George Cockburn , then Captain Cockburn , whose pendant was flying in the Minerve frigate . Whilst some of the vessels kept pretty close in , so as to cut off all communications alongshore , others kept a look-out more to seaward , for any vessels that might attempt to make a straight run across the bay . One afternoon , four sails were discovered to seaward running towards the coast of France . The signal to chase was immediately made , and each of the British cruisers started off in pursuit of one of the strangers . Our concern is with the Vincejo , a brig of eighteen guns , commanded by Captain Long , which happened , from her position , to be the most advanced in the chase . She was standing off-shore on the larboard tack , with her head to the south-west , when the chase was discovered somewhat to leeward , standing nearly due west , with the wind on her starboard-quarter . The latter was a smart-looking ship of 600 or 700 tons , displaying no colours ; though from the course she was steering , and her evident intention to avoid being overhauled , no doubt was entertained that she was an enemy . Both vessels sailed well ; and as the stranger gradually edged away , the Vincejo got more and more into her wake . A stern chase is proverbially a long chase ; and though it was apparent from the first that the British , though much smaller , was the faster vessel , it was many hours before she was enabled to get within range . About dusk , however , this was effected , and the first shot from the Vincejo produced an instantaneous effect on the chase : her head was thrown into the wind , and she appeared at once resigned to her fate . Great , of course , was the anxiety of the captors to learn her character , and comparatively keen the mortification which followed , when , in reply to their hail , the words ‘ the Hercules of Boston , in the United States , ’ were twanged across the water in unmistakable Yankee tones . Here was ‘ a lame and impotent conclusion . ’ England was at peace with the United States ; and if the character of the stranger corresponded with her hail , she would prove after all no prize . The captors , however , were of course not to be put off without examination ; and a boat was immediately despatched from the Vincejo to board , and see what could be made of her . The officer who was sent on board was received by the captain with a good deal of bluster and swagger : he loudly asserted his rights as a neutral , and threatened the vengeance of Congress if they should be infringed . His account of himself was , that he had come out from Boston with a cargo of ‘ notions , ’ which he had traded away at Leghorn ; and finding some difficulty in getting a return cargo , he had agreed with some invalid French officers to take them home , and he was now bound for the first port in France he could make . This account appeared to be confirmed by his papers , and by the presence on board of several gaunt , sickly-looking figures , who had all the appearance of being military invalids . There were no visible signs of any cargo ; and after a somewhat cursory examination , the lieutenant returned to his ship , after telling the skipper , more for the sake of annoyance than from any expectation of its being realised , ‘ that Captain Long would certainly detain him . ’ This threat had the effect of determining the Yankee skipper to proceed on board the Vincejo , and try his eloquence on the captain ; and in this expedition he was accompanied by some of his passengers . After their several natures they assailed Captain Long : the Yankee blustered and bullied ; the Frenchmen were all suavity and politeness : ‘ They were quite sure M. le Capitaine was much too generous to take advantage of the chance which had thrown them into his hands — a few poor wounded and disabled invalids on their way home ! The English were a brave people , who do not make war on invalids . What object could be gained by making them prisoners ? Assuredly , M. le Capitaine would not think of detaining them . ’ Captain Long was sorely puzzled how to act . It must be owned , that the circumstances were suspicious . Here was a vessel just come from a port in possession of the enemy — for the French still occupied Leghorn — bound avowedly for the enemy 's country , and with enemies on board . Were not these grounds enough to detain her ? On the other hand , the captain 's story might be true : no appearance of any cargo had been discovered ; Captain Long doubted whether the presence of the Frenchmen on board would be sufficient to condemn the vessel ; and there seemed something pitiful in making them prisoners under such circumstances , even if the laws of war would have sanctioned it . After some deliberation , he took a middle course , and announced that he should keep the American ship by him till daylight , when , if his senior officer should be in sight , he should take her down to him , to be dealt with as Captain Cockburn might decide : if , on the other hand , the Minerve should not be in sight , he would , on his own responsibility , allow the Hercules to proceed on her voyage . In the meantime , both vessels should return towards the point fixed on by Captain Cockburn as a rendezvous . ‘ And this , ’ he observed , ‘ ought to satisfy all parties , as the Hercules would be thereby brought nearer to her destination , which was more than her captain deserved , after the needless chase he had led the Vincejo . ’ This announcement seemed extremely unpalatable to the Yankee captain ; and from a very energetic discussion which took place in under-tones between him and his passengers , it was evident they were dissuading him earnestly from some course which he was bent on taking . This was pointed out to Captain Long as an additional circumstance of suspicion , that there was something wrong about the American ; and he was strongly urged to detain her , at all events , till he could get the opinion of Captain Cockburn : but he adhered to his decision . ‘ Ay , ay , ’ said he to the representations of his first-lieutenant ; ‘ it 's all very well for you , gentlemen . You share in the prize-money , but not in the responsibility of our captures ; that rests upon me . And as I really think there is no ground for detaining the fellow , I 'll not do more than I have said . ’ Morning came ; and with its first dawn many anxious eyes on board both vessels were scanning the horizon in hope or fear . The vessels had made good much of the distance they had run in the chase , and the bold cliffs of the coast between Genoa and Nice were distinctly visible from the mast-head to the north and west , but no Minerve greeted the searching gaze of the Vincejo 's look-out . The frigate was nowhere to be seen . The first-lieutenant of the Vincejo having communicated this fact to Captain Long , and made one more effort to prevail on him to detain the Hercules , till they could rejoin their senior officer , was most reluctantly compelled to give the order for communicating to the captain of that ship that she was free . The American did not wait for a second permission . Sail was made with all speed ; and long before the Vincejo had reached her rendezvous , her late prize was safe in the harbour at Nice . When Captain Long had reported to Captain Cockburn what had taken place , the latter was by no means disposed to approve of his junior 's decision . He thought the circumstance extremely suspicious , and quite sufficient to have justified the detention of the American ; and not being under the influence of the gaunt aspects and energetic pleadings of the Frenchmen , he was not inclined to admit the weight of their arguments . ‘ I think , ’ said he , ‘ you might as well have brought her to me : I daresay I could have made something of her . ’ From the other captains of the squadron , too , Captain Long had to undergo much good-humoured raillery for his tender-heartedness and gullibility ; raillery which certainly lost nothing in force , when in a few days the real nature of the adventure became known . The French having soon afterwards abandoned Leghorn , Captain Cockburn sent one of his squadron into that port for supplies . The intelligence she brought back was truly mortifying . On the arrival of the Theresa at Leghorn , it appeared that the Hercules was the object of much interest there , and great eagerness had been displayed to learn whether anything was known of her fate . When the facts were communicated , they were received with absolute incredulity . ‘ Captured , examined , and let go ! It was impossible . Nothing to condemn her ! Why , she was loaded with booty . The plunder of Italy was on board her . Pictures , church-plate , statues , the é lite of the spoilers ’ collections , had been sent off in her . She was actually ballasted with brass guns ! ’ It was too true . Upon further inquiry , it appeared , beyond a doubt , that the vessel which had been so unfortunately dismissed as not worth detaining , had French plunder on board , which , on a moderate estimate , was valued at a million and a half sterling ; and what made it still more vexatious was the discovery , that a detention of the vessel even for a few hours longer , would have led to the disclosure by the captain of the real nature of his venture . He had with difficulty been prevailed on to undertake the transport of the articles in question , and had only at last consented to do so , on an express agreement , that if he should be detained twenty-four hours by a British cruiser , he should be at liberty to make terms for saving his vessel by denouncing the contents of his cargo . No doubt it was his intention to do this at once , against which the Frenchmen had been so earnestly remonstrating ; and had Captain Long persevered in detaining him , nothing could have prevented the discovery , even if the American himself had not made the disclosure . A little ebullition of temper was to be expected when the news of what they had missed was circulated among the squadron . The captains ’ shares might be considered as worth L. 40 , 000 or L. 50 , 000 , a sum which it would require considerable philosophy to resign with equanimity . Whether the country could properly have benefited by the capture , may be a question for jurists . It might have been argued , that the captor of stolen goods could not be entitled to retain them against the original owner . It is probable , however , that no very nice inquiry would have been made into the title of the French possessors , and that it would have been considered a case in which , to use the language of Roderick Dhu , it was perfectly justifiable — ‘ To spoil the spoiler as we may , And from the robber rend his prey . ’ PAINTERS ’ MONOGRAMS . One of the most curious among the studies of a professed connoisseur , is that of the signatures or marks , technically called ‘ monograms , ’ by which painters , sculptors , engravers , and other artists , are accustomed to distinguish their works . The dishonesty of the modern picture-market , however , has made it now little more than a curious study . As a practical guide in determining the genuineness of a work , the monogram , from the skill and precision with which fraudulent dealers have learned to counterfeit it in almost all its varieties , has long been far worse than equivocal , and the authorship of a picture must , now-a-days , often be decided on entirely independent grounds . But the history of the subject is , in many respects , extremely curious and interesting , although few have ever thought of bestowing attention upon it , except those whose actual experience as amateurs or collectors has brought it directly under their notice . The practice of artists signing their works with their name appears to be as old as art itself . The odium excited against Phidias for his alleged impiety in inscribing his name upon the shield of his celebrated statue of Minerva , is a familiar example , which will occur to every reader ; and there can be no doubt that the usage was also known to the painters of the classic times . But if we may judge from the Grecian and Roman remains , whether of sculpture , of fresco , of cameo , or of mosaic , which have come down to our times , the precaution of affixing the name was by no means universally , or even commonly adopted ; and the monogram , properly so called , appears to have been entirely unknown among them . It was so also at the first revival of art in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries . The practice of using a single letter , or a single combination of letters or arbitrary characters , seems to have originated with the medi æ val architects and other artists in stone . Neither the painters , nor the engravers , nor the metal-founders , nor the medalists of those ages , availed themselves of this device , nor do we find it at all general among such artists , till the very close of the fifteenth and the beginning of the sixteenth century . But , once introduced , it became universal . Every artist of the sixteenth , and of the greater part of the seventeenth century , has his monogram , more or less simple according to the taste or caprice of the designer ; and to such a length was the practice carried , that the very excess produced a reaction , and led , for a time , to the abandonment of monograms altogether . With the painters of the eighteenth century , they fell into complete disfavour ; and although , in the present century , the revival of ancient forms has led to their re-adoption in the German school , and among the cultivators of Christian art generally , yet many of the first painters of the present day seem to eschew the use of monograms , as savouring of transcendentalism , or of some other of the various affectations , by which modern art is accused of having been disfigured . Independently altogether of its bearing upon art , the study of monograms has a certain amount of interest . There is a class of adventurers at the present day who make a livelihood from the curiosity or credulity of the public , by professing to decipher the peculiarities of an individual 's character , and to read his probable destiny , in any specimen of his handwriting which may be submitted for their inspection . Without carrying the theory to these absurd lengths , it is impossible not to feel some interest about the autograph of any celebrated individual , and some tendency to compare its leading characteristics with our preconceived notions regarding him . A still wider field for speculation than that which grows out of the handwriting , is afforded by a device like the monogram , which , being in a great measure arbitrary , may naturally be expected to exhibit more decidedly the workings of the judgment , the fancy , or perhaps the caprice , of the artist . The monogram , as we have seen , is a substitute for the full-length signature of the artist — the mode of marking their works originally adopted by the ancients . It is found in an almost infinite number of varieties . The earliest , as well as the most natural and easy substitute , was a simple contraction of the name — as , ‘ augs ca ., ’ for Augustinus Caraccius ; or JVL . ROM ., for Julius Romanus . This contraction , however , cannot properly be called a monogram at all ; and the same is to be said of the form of signature adopted by many of the most eminent painters — the simple , unconnected initials of the name . The idea of a monogram supposes that the characters , whatever may be their number considered separately , shall be all connected so as to form one single device . The first such form which will occur to one 's mind is the mere combination of the initial letters of the name — as , for example , AB , or AK , which are the actual monograms of Andrew Both , the celebrated Flemish landscape painter , and of Antony K ö lbel , a distinguished Austrian artist of more modern times . In some instances , the monogram is found appended to the full signature of the artist , as in Albert D ü rer 's beautiful engraving of Adam and Eve , and in other less celebrated works , especially those of the early engravers . It is to be observed , however , that some artists were by no means uniform in the style of monogram which they employed . The device of the same artist often varies , not only in the size and figure of the letters which form it , but sometimes even in the letters themselves . Many artists have employed two , three , four , and even a greater number of devices ; and of the celebrated engraver just named , Albert D ü rer , we ourselves have seen not less than thirty different modifications of the letters A D , the initials of his name .