CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 460 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , OCTOBER 23 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . PRESERVED MEATS AND MEAT-BISCUITS . The many-headed public look out for ‘ nine days ’ wonders , ’ and speedily allow one wonder to obliterate the remembrance of that which preceded it . So it is with all newspaper topics , and so it has been in respect to the preserved-meat question . We all know how great was the excitement at the commencement of the present year on this matter . Ships ’ accounts overhauled ; arctic stores re-examined ; canisters opened and rejected ; contracts inquired into ; statements and counter-statements published ; questionings of Admiralty officials in the two Houses of Parliament ; reports published by committees ; recommendations offered for future guidance ; descriptions of the preserving processes at different establishments : all went the round of the newspapers , and then the topic was forgotten . It deserves to be held in remembrance , however , for the subject-matter is really important and valuable , in respect not only to the stores for shipping , but to the provisioning of large or small bodies of men under various exceptional circumstances . A few of the simple laws of organic chemistry suffice to account for the speedy decay of dead animal substances , and for the methods whereby this decay is retarded or prevented . In organised substances , the chemical atoms combine in a very complex but unstable way ; several such atoms group together to form a proximate principle , such as gluten , albumen , fibrin , & c .; and several of these combine to form a complete organic substance . The chemical rank-and-file , so to speak , form a battalion , and two or more battalions form the chemical army . But it is a law in chemistry , that the more complex a substance becomes , the less stable is its constitution , or the sooner is it affected by disturbing influences . Hence organic substances are more readily decomposed than inorganic . How striking , for instance , are the changes easily wrought in a few grains of barley ! They contain a kind of starch or fecula ; this starch , in the process of malting , becomes converted into a kind of sugar ; and from this malt-sugar or transformed starch , may be obtained ale or beer , gin or whisky , and vinegar , by various processes of fermenting and distilling . The complex substance breaks up through very slight causes , and the simple elements readjust themselves into new groupings . The same occurs in animal as in vegetable substances , but still more rapidly , as the former are more intricate in composition than the latter , and are held together by a weaker tie . What the ‘ vital principle ’ may be , neither chemists nor physiologists can tell us with any great degree of clearness ; but it is this vital principle , whatever it may be , which prevents decay in a living organic substance , however complex . When life departs , the onslaught begins ; the defender has been removed , and a number of assailants make their appearance . Air , heat , and moisture are the principal of these ; they attack the dead organism , and gradually convert it into wholly different and inorganic compounds , such as water , carbonic acid , ammonia , phosphuretted hydrogen , and many others . What , then , would result if these disturbers could be warded off , one or all ? It is now pretty well ascertained , that if any one of the three — air , heat , moisture — be absent , the decay is either greatly retarded or indefinitely postponed ; and we shall find that in all antiseptic or preserving processes , the fundamental principle has simply such an object in view . Sometimes the operation of natural causes leads to the preservation of dead animal substances for a great length of time , by excluding one out of the above three disturbing influences . If heat be so deficient that the animal juices become wholly frozen up , the substance is almost proof against decay . Thus , about seventy years ago , a huge animal was found imbedded in the ice in Siberia : from a comparison of its skeleton with those of existing species , Cuvier inferred that this animal must have been antediluvian ; and yet , so completely had the cold prevented putrefaction , that dogs willingly ate of the still existing flesh . At St Petersburg , when winter is approaching , the fish in the markets become almost like blocks of ice , so completely are they frozen ; and in this state they will remain sound for a lengthened period . Dead poultry , and other articles of animal food , are similarly kept fresh throughout the winter in many rigorous climates , simply by the powerlessness of the attacking agents , when heat is not one of the number . And that which nature effects on a large scale , may reasonably be imitated by man on a more limited one . It is customary to pack many kinds of provisions in ice or snow , either for keeping them in storehouses , or for sending them to market . Thus it is with the tubs of poultry , of veal , and of other kinds of meat , which , killed in the country districts of Russia in autumn , are packed in snow to keep cool till sold at market ; and thus it is with much of the salmon sent from Scotland to London . Since the supply of excellent ice from Wenham Lake , commenced about nineteen years ago , has become so abundant and so cheap , it is worth a thought whether the preservative powers of cold might not advantageously be made more available in this country than they have yet been . In the United States , housewives use very convenient refrigerators or ice-boxes , provided with perforated shelves , under which ice is set , and upon which various provisions are placed : a large uncooked joint of meat is sometimes kept in one of these boxes for weeks . Among the celebrities of the Crystal Palace , many will recollect Masters 's elegant ice-making machine , in which , by combining chemical action with centrifugal motion , ice can be made in a few minutes , let the heat of the weather be what it may . This machine , and the portable refrigerators manufactured by the Wenham Company , together with our familiar , old-fashioned ice-houses , might supply us with much more preservative power , in respect to articles of food , than we have hitherto practically adopted . If , instead of watching the effects produced by abstraction of heat , we direct attention to the abstraction of moisture , we shall find that antiseptic or preservative results are easily obtainable . All kinds of bacon and smoked meats belong to the class here indicated . The watery particles are nearly or quite driven out from the meat , and thus one of the three decomposing agents is rendered of no effect . In some cases , the drying is not sufficient to produce the result , without the aid of the remarkable antiseptic properties of salt ; because decomposition may commence before the moisture is quite expelled . In many parts of the country , hams are hung within a wide-spreading chimney , over or near a turf-fire , and where a free current of air , as well as a warm temperature , may act upon them ; but the juices become dissipated by this rude process . Simple drying , without the addition of salt or any condiment , is perhaps more effectual with vegetable than with animal substances . But it is under the third point of view that the preservative process is more important and interesting , inasmuch as it admits of a far more extensive application . We speak of the abstraction of air . Atmospheric air affects dead organic matter chiefly through the agency of the oxygen which forms one of its constituents ; and it is principally to insure the expulsion of oxygen that air is excluded . The examples which illustrate the resulting effects are numerous and varied . Eggs have been varnished so as to exclude air , and have retained the vital principle in the chick for years ; and it is a familiar domestic practice , to butter the outside of eggs as a means of keeping them . The canisters of preserved provisions , however , are the most direct and valuable result of the antiseptic action by exclusion of air . The Exhibition Jury on Class 3 , in their Report on this subject , speak thus warmly thereupon :— ‘ It is impossible to overestimate the importance of these preparations . The invention of the process by which animal and vegetable food is preserved in a fresh and sweet state for an indefinite period , has only been applied practically during the last twenty-five years , and is intimately connected with the annals of arctic discovery . The active measures taken to discover a north-west passage , and to prosecute scientific research , in all but inaccessible regions , first created a demand for this sort of food ; and the Admiralty stimulated the manufacturers to great perfection in the art . As soon as the value of these preparations in cold climates became generally admitted , their use was extended to hot ones , and for the sick on board ship under all circumstances . Hitherto they had been employed only as a substitute for salt beef or pork at sea , and if eaten on shore , it was at first as a curiosity merely . Their utility in hot climates , however , speedily became evident ; especially in India , where European families are scattered , and where , consequently , on the slaughter of a large animal , more is wasted than can be consumed by a family of the ordinary number . ’ Whatever improvements may have been introduced by later manufacturers , the principle involved in the meat-preserving processes is nearly as M. Appert established it forty years ago . His plan consisted in removing the bones from the meat ; boiling it to nearly as great a degree as if intended for immediate consumption ; putting it into jars ; filling up the jars completely with a broth or jelly prepared from portions of the same meat ; corking the jars closely ; incasing the corks with a luting formed of quicksilver and cheese ; placing the corked jars in a boiler of cold water ; boiling the water and its contents for an hour ; and then allowing the cooling process to supervene very gradually . Until the recent disclosures concerning the preserved meats in the government dep ô ts , the extent of the manufacture , or rather preparation , was very little known to the general public . In the last week of 1851 , an examination , consequent on certain suspicions which had been entertained , was commenced at the victualling establishment at Gosport . The canisters — for since Appert 's time stone jars have been generally superseded by tin canisters — contain on an average about 10 pounds each ; and out of 643 of these which were opened on the first day 's examination , no fewer than 573 were condemned as being utterly unfit for food . On the next day , 734 were condemned out of 779 ; and by the fourth day , the number examined had risen to 2707 , of which only 197 were deemed fit for food . Such wretched offal had been packed in the canisters , instead of good meat , that the stench arising from the decomposing mass was most revolting ; the examiners were compelled to use Sir William Burnett 's disinfecting fluid abundantly , and even to suspend their labours for two or three days under fear of infection . The canisters formed part of a supply sent in by a contractor in November 1850 , under a warrant that the contents would remain good for five years ; the filling of the canisters was understood to have been effected at Galatz , in Moldavia , but the contractor was in England . The supply amounted to 6000 canisters , all of which had to be examined , and out of which only a few hundred were found to contain substances fit for food . Instead of good meat , or in addition to a small quantity of good meat , the examiners found lung , liver , heart , tongue , kidney , tendon , ligament , palate , fat , tallow , coagulated blood , and even a piece of leather — all in a state of such loathsome putridity as to render the office of the examiners a terrible one . Of course nothing can be predicated from such atrocities as these against the wholesomeness of preserved food ; they prove only the necessity of caution in making the government contracts , and in accepting the supplies . The Admiralty shewed , during subsequent discussions , that large supplies had been received from various quarters for several years , for use on shipboard in long voyages and on arctic expeditions ; that these had turned out well ; and that the contractor who was disgraced in the present instance , was among those who had before fulfilled his contracts properly . Fortunately , there is no evidence that serious evil had resulted from the supply of the canisters to ships ; the discovery was made in time to serve as a useful lesson in future to government officials and to unprincipled contractors . The jury report before adverted to , points out how cheap and economical these preserved meats really are , from the circumstance , that all that is eatable is so well brought into use . It is affirmed by the manufacturers , that meat in this form supplies troops and ships with a cheaper animal diet than salt provisions , by avoiding the expense of casks , leakage , brine , bone , shrinkage , stowage , & c ., which are all heavy items , and entail great waste and expenditure ; and by a canister of the former being so much smaller than a cask of the latter , in the event of one bad piece of meat tainting the whole contents . The contents of all the cases , when opened , are found to have lost much of the freshness in taste and flavour peculiar to newly-killed meat ; they are always soft , and eat as if overdone . As a matter of choice , therefore , few or no persons would prefer meat in this state to the ordinary unpacked and recently-cooked state . But the important fact to bear in mind is , that the nutritious principles are preserved ; as nutriment , they are unexceptionable , and they are often pleasantly seasoned and flavoured . In the ordinary processes of preparation , as carried on in London and other places , the tin canisters have a minute hole , through which the air may be expelled , while the meat is simmering or boiling within ; and in the case of poultry being preserved whole , extra precautions are necessary , to insure the expulsion of the air from the hollow bones of the birds . Soups are more easily prepared than solid meat , on account of the greater facility for getting rid of the confined air . The minute air-hole in the canister is soldered down when the process is completed . M. Alexis Soyer , who has a notoriety in London as the prince of cooks , and a very ingenious man — a sort of Paxton of the kitchen — wrote to the daily journals , about the time of the disclosure at Gosport , to offer a few suggestions . He said : ‘ No canister ought to contain more than about six pounds of meat , the same to be very slightly seasoned with bay-salt , pepper , and aromatic herbs in powder , such as bay-thyme and bay-leaf , a small quantity of which would not be objectionable even for invalids . No jelly should be added to the meat ; the meat , and the meat alone , should produce its own jelly . With the bones and trimmings of the above , a good stock should be made without vegetables , well reduced and skimmed , to form a very strong transparent demi-glaze ; six-pound canisters should be filled with the same , bearing a special mark , and one of these allowed to every dozen of the others . This demi-glaze , when diluted in water , would make six gallons of very good broth , with which any kind of soup could be made in a very short time . ’ He also points out how the condition of the preserved meat may be guessed by the external appearance of the canister . If either the top or bottom of the canister be convex , like the upper surface of a watch-glass , the contents are in a state of decomposition ; the bulging being occasioned by the gases generated during the chemical changes . If the contents of the canister be sound , the top and bottom will be either quite flat , or slightly concave . The Jury on Food , at the Great Exhibition , had quite an embarras des richesses ; they were surrounded by hundreds of canisters of preserved provisions , all of which they were invited to open and taste . They say , or their reporter says , that the merits of the contributions ‘ were tested by a selection from each ; the cases were opened in the presence of the jury , and tasted by themselves , and , where advisable , by associates . The majority are of English manufacture , especially the more substantial viands ; France and Germany exhibiting chiefly made-dishes , game , and delicacies — of meat , fish , soups , and vegetables . ’ It is an important fact for our colonies , that viands of this description are as well prepared in Australia , Van Diemen 's Land , Canada , and the Cape of Good Hope , as in the mother-country . ‘ Animal food is most abundant and cheap in some of those colonies . In Australia , especially , during seasons of drought , it is wasted in extraordinary quantities ; flocks are slaughtered for the tallow alone , and herds , for their bones and hides . Were the meat on these occasions preserved , it cannot be doubted that it could be imported into England , and sold at a cheaper rate than fresh meat in our metropolitan markets , to the great benefit of the lower-classes . ’ This is a statement well worth being borne in mind by some of those who are at present dazzled with gold-digging wonders . In respect to the preserved meats at the Great Exhibition , many were merely cured or dried meats . From Canada , for instance , they comprised hams , bacon , tongues , and barrels of beef and pork . Among the miscellaneous contributions were grated beef , canisters of fresh salmon , ‘ admirable boiled mutton in tin cases , ’ dried mullets , ‘ mouton r ô ti , ’ fish , meats preserved in a fresh state by simple drying — on a plan practised in Switzerland — and preserved larks . Not the least remarkable was a preserved pig , which reclined in all its glory on the floor of the south-west gallery , and was a successful example of curing on a large scale . Still more striking than this , was the large partridge-pie , placed somewhat out of general notice in the ‘ Netherlands ’ department ; a formidable pie it truly was , for it contained 150 partridges , with truffles , and weighed 250 pounds : it had been made a year before it was forwarded to London . But among the contributions more immediately relating to our present subject , may be mentioned those of Mr Gamble , which comprised , among others , a canister of preserved boiled mutton , which had been prepared for the arctic expedition in 1824 ; many such canisters were landed at Fury Beach in Prince Regent 's Inlet ; they were found by Sir John Ross at that spot in 1833 in a perfect state , and again by Sir James Ross in 1849 , the meat being as sweet and wholesome as when prepared a quarter of a century before . The range of these preserving processes is singularly wide and varied . If we take the trade-list of one of the manufacturers , such as that of Messrs Hogarth of Aberdeen , and glance through it , we shall find ample evidence of this . There are nearly twenty kinds of soups selling at about 2s . per quart-canister . There is the concentrated essence of beef , much more expensive , because containing the nutriment of so much more meat ; and there are , for invalids , concentrated broths of intermediate price . There are about a dozen kinds of fish , some fresh and some dried . There are various kinds of poultry , roast and boiled ; hare , roast and jugged ; and venison , hashed and minced . There are beef , veal , and mutton , all dressed in various ways , and some having the requisite vegetables canistered with them , at prices varying from l0d . to 15d . per pound . There are tongues , hams , bacon , kidneys , tripe , and marrow ; and there are cream , milk , and marmalade . Lastly , there are such vegetables as peas , beans , carrots , turnips , cabbage , and beet , at 6d . to 1s . per pound-canister . The canisters for all these various provisions contain from one pound to six pounds each . It was Messrs Hogarth , we believe , who supplied the preserved meats and vegetables to the arctic ships under Sir E. Belcher which sailed in the spring of 1852 . M. Brocchi è re , a French manufacturer , has lately extended these economical processes so far , as to attempt to produce concentrated food from the blood of cattle . He dries up the liquid or serous portions of the blood , and forms into a cake , with admixture of other substances , the coagulable portion , which contains fibrin , the source of flesh and muscle . Unless a more delicate name could be given to this preparation , prejudice would have some influence in depriving it of the chance of fair play . The dry blood is in some cases combined with a small portion of flour , and made into light dry masses , like loaves or cakes , to be used as the basis of soups ; while in other cases it is combined with sugar , to make sweet biscuits and bon-bons . Another kind of preserved animal fluid is the ozmazome , prepared by Messrs Warriner and Soyer . This consists of the nutritious matter or juice of meat , set free during the operation of boiling down fat for tallow in Australia ; it is afterwards concentrated , and preserved in the form of sausages . A great amount of nutriment is thus obtained in a portable form ; when boiled with gelatine , it forms a palatable diet , and it is also used to form a gravy for meat . Masson 's method of preserving vegetables seems to be very effective , as applied to white and red cabbages , turnips , Brussels sprouts , and such like . The process , as conducted in France , is very simple . The vegetables are dried at a certain temperature ( 104 to 118 degrees Fahrenheit ) , sufficient to expel the moisture without imparting a burnt taste ; and in this operation they lose nearly seven-eighths of their original weight . The vegetables are then pressed forcibly into the form of cakes , and are kept in tinfoil till required for use . These vegetables require , when about to be eaten , rather more boiling than those in the ordinary state . Some of the French ships of war are supplied with them , much to the satisfaction of the crews . Dr Lindley has stated , on the authority of a distinguished officer in the antarctic expedition under Sir James Ross , that although all the preserved meats used on that occasion were excellent , and there was not the slightest ground for any complaint of their quality , the crew became tired of the meat , but never of the vegetables . ‘ This should shew us , ’ says Dr Lindley , ‘ that it is not sufficient to supply ships ’ crews with preserved meats , but that they should be supplied with vegetables also , the means of doing which is now afforded . ’ Generally speaking , the flavour of preserved vegetables , whether prepared on Masson 's or on any other process , is fresher than that of the meats — especially in the case of those which abound in the saccharine principle , as beet , carrot , turnips , & c. The more farinaceous vegetables , such as green peas , do not preserve so well . One of the most remarkable , and perhaps valuable recent introductions , in respect to preserved food , is the American meat — biscuit , prepared by Mr Borden . A biscuit-beef is prepared by a Frenchman , M. Du Liscoet , resembling an ordinary coarse ship-biscuit ; but this is said to have ‘ an animal , salt , and not very agreeable taste . ’ The American meat-biscuit , however , is prepared in a way which renders its qualities easily intelligible . It contains in a concentrated form all the nutriment of meat , combined with flour . The best wheaten flour is employed , with the nutriment of the best beef , and the result is presented for use as food in the form of a dry , inodorous , flat , brittle cake , which will keep when dry for an unlimited period . When required for use , it is dissolved in hot water , boiled , and seasoned at pleasure , forming a soup about the consistence of sago . One pound of the biscuit contains the nutritive matter — fat excepted — of five pounds of prime beef , mixed with half a pound of wheaten flour . One ounce of the biscuit , grated and boiled in a pint of water , suffices to form the soup . It can also be used in puddings and sauces . The manufacture of the meat-biscuit is located at Galveston , in Texas , which abounds in excellent cattle at a very low price . It is said that the meat-biscuit is not liable to heating or moulding , like corn and flour , nor subject to be attacked by insects . The meat-biscuit was largely used by the United States ’ army during the Mexican campaign ; the nutriment of 500 pounds of beef , with 70 pounds of flour , was packed in a twenty-two-gallon cask . Dr Lindley , as one of the jurors for the Great Exhibition , and as a lecturer on the subject at the Society of Arts , commends the meat-biscuit in the very highest terms . ‘ I think I am justified in looking upon it , ’ he says , ‘ as one of the most important substances which this Exhibition has brought to our knowledge . When we consider that by this method , in such places as Buenos Ayres , animals which are there of little or no value , instead of being destroyed , as they often are , for their bones , may be boiled down and mixed with the flour which all such countries produce , and so converted into a substance of such durability that it may be preserved with the greatest ease , and sent to distant countries ; it seems as if a new means of subsistence was actually offered to us . Take the Argentine Republic , take Australia , and consider what they do with their meat there in times of drought , when they cannot get rid of it while it is fresh ; they may boil it down , and mix the essence with flour — and we know they have the finest in the world — and so prepare a substance that can be preserved for times when food is not so plentiful , or sent to countries where it is always more difficult to procure food . Is not this a very great gain ? ’ A pertinent question , which intelligent emigrants would do well to bear in mind . THE BUYER OF SOULS : A Russian Story . All over the world , the essential elements of human nature are the same . And it is very fortunate for me that they are so , else I should find myself in considerable difficulty in endeavouring to place before my readers a correct picture of the little , out-of-the-way town of Nikolsk . Making due allowances for the differences in national manners and customs ; for Nikolsk being under the dominion of his autocratic majesty the emperor of all the Russias , instead of the mild , constitutional government of Queen Victoria , there is no great discrepancy between Nikolsk and any equally out-of-the-way town in England . It has the same dearth of excitement , the same monotonous uniformity of life ; it lives in the same profound ignorance of the great incidents that the drama of human existence is developing on the theatre of the world at large ; it has its priest , its doctor , its lawyer , its post-office where a seal is not so sacred as it might be , or rather where the problem of getting at the news , without breaking the wax , has been successfully solved ; it has the same thirst for scandal , the same intense interest for the most contemptible trivialities , the same constantly impending danger of suicide from ennui , did not human nature adapt itself to its environments , and sink into pettiness as naturally as though there were no such things as towns and cities , and enlarged views of man and nature in the world : all these it has the same as any British Little Pedlington . Then it has its circles of social intercourse , as rigidly defined and as intensely venerated as the rules of court precedence . The difference in the social scale between a landowner , a tenant , a member of the professions , a tradesman , a publican , a sweep , and a beggar , is accurately prescribed and religiously observed — with this addition , however , that in Nikolsk the owners of land are also owners of the serfs upon the land , and that the numerous representatives of that most centralised of all governments cut an important figure in the snobberies of the place . In fine , there is one little English word that describes Nikolsk completely , and that is — dull . It is dull — beyond comprehension dull . No town in the universe can be duller ; because , from its quintessential dulness , there is but one step to total inanition . Thus , in Nikolsk , the ancient saying , that there is nothing new under the sun , was daily and hourly verified . Week after week , and year after year , the governor pillaged the people ; the inspector of charities pillaged the charities ; the inspector of nuisances sedulously avoided inspecting at all , lest , by removing them , the need for his services should cease ; the landowner ground down the serfs ; the tax-assessor ground the landowners ; and everybody , in return for the favours a paternal government showered upon them through its immaculate representatives , cheated and defrauded that government with a persistency and perseverance approaching the sublime . Mothers of daughters were in despair , for in Nikolsk there were no ‘ nice young men , ’ no eligible matches ; fathers of sons despaired in their turn , for as everybody robbed everybody , and the government robbed the robbers , there were no heiresses ; ladies wore the fashions of 1820 in 1840 , under the impression that they were the newest from Paris ; the reading portion of the community were just beginning to hear of Voltaire as a promising writer ; and the general public laboured under the fixed idea , that somewhere or other Napoleon was still prosecuting his leviathan campaigns , happily not in Russia . The only thing that ever broke the monotony of existence was the prevalence of cholera , or the governor essaying some loftier flight of tyranny than usual by hanging up a score of defaulters to the revenue , or knouting a bevy of ladies whose tongues outran their prudence . Such being the state of affairs in Nikolsk , it will be easily imagined , that when mine host of the Black Eagle , in a very important and mysterious manner , announced to a select few that a singular and eccentric stranger , rolling in money , had arrived at his hostelry , with the intention of staying some time in Nikolsk , the news flew like a telegraphic message , or a piece of scandal among a community of old maids , through the place ; and that in a few hours after his arrival , nobody , from governor to serf , thought or spoke of anything or anybody else than the mysterious stranger , who , under the name of Tchitchikof , occupied the best suite of apartments in the Black Eagle , and , as the landlord affirmed on oath , was eccentric to a degree , and revelled in untold gold . Now , whatever had been the station in society of M. Tchitchikof , his means or his idiosyncrasy , the mere fact of his being a stranger had been enough to make the good people of Nikolsk pounce down upon him like a hawk on its quarry , and morally tear him to pieces with rapacious analysis to satiate their ravenous curiosity . But as to the fact of his being a stranger , was added the piquancy of a reputation for eccentricity , and the irresistible recommendation of wealth , the Tchitchikof mania spread over all ranks of society , and raged with the fury of a tornado by the evening of the very day upon which the host of the Eagle first delighted them with the news . In fact , so intense was the rage regarding him , that the landlord of that hostelry reaped a fortune from the constant drain upon his potables by inquisitive callers , and would have assuredly ceased to dispense strong drinks for evermore , had not the governor , in his vexation at the sequel of Tchitchikof 's visit , found some pretext to despoil him of his gains , and a good round sum to boot . Various were the speculations as to the occupations and antecedents of Tchitchikof , and the business that had called him to Nikolsk . Enterprising mothers of families hoped that he was a Cossack Coelebs in search of a wife , and began , on the strength of the surmise , to lay plots for ensnaring him , justly considering that a fool with money is preferable to a sage without ; landowners trembled at the idea of his being a government assessor , come to examine into the state of the properties , and assess accordingly ; while government employ é s , knowing too well that a paternal government does not tolerate plundering in subordinates , shuddered , conscience-stricken , at the idea that he must be a St Petersburg inspector , come to Nikolsk with powers of scrutiny , and equally unlimited powers of knouting . Every class , therefore , received with joy the assurance , that , he was simply a private gentleman of fortune , travelling over Russia at his own sweet will . This mine host positively stated that he had heard Tchitchikof say with his own lips . This announcement delighted the officials and landowners , by removing their fears of the knout and taxes , and equally delighted the enterprising mammas , by increasing the probability of his visit being intimately connected with matrimonial intentions . It being thus definitely settled that there was nothing to be feared from Tchitchikof , the good folks of Nikolsk naturally took up the next position — that , being a stranger , and rich and eccentric , there was something to be gained from him . The leading passions of the Nikolskians being curiosity and avarice , their dealings with strangers were generally twofold — to scatter their ennui for a few days , by discovering their histories and affairs , and , where facts failed , calling in the aid of fancy ; and when there was nothing more to be discovered or invented , to lighten their money-chests by all the tyranny that power dare venture on , or the effrontery that cunning could devise and execute . Their curiosity regarding Tchitchikof was soon baffled , by discovering , like Socrates , that all they knew was , that nothing could be known . In vain did mine host essay to pump him : with a show of the most voluble confidence , Tchitchikof contrived always virtually to tell nothing . In vain the postmaster looked among the letters with a lynx eye ; not one word of writing ever came to Tchitchikof through the medium of the post . Their knowledge of him speedily resolved itself into this : that he was a dashing , handsome young man , of most refined and polished manners , eminently gifted with that self-possession which is the never-failing accompaniment of good-breeding and intercourse with what is termed good society , elegant in dress , and , as the host of the Eagle announced , decidedly eccentric . This eccentricity manifested itself in one way , and one only , and that altogether incomprehensible to the greedy Nikolskians — namely , a morbid desire to part with his money . If Tchitchikof met a serf on the highway , he would offer him a ruble for a stick , a cap , or any other article he wore , intrinsically not worth a handful of corn ; and when the bewildered serf hesitated , would manifest the utmost anger and impatience until he had gained possession of the coveted article . With possession , his value for it ceased , and the dear purchase was generally consigned to the fire a few minutes after it was bought . However varied his freaks might be in detail , in spirit they were ever essentially the same ; they ever consisted in making some worthless piece of lumber an excuse for lightening his purse of a ruble or two . The priest of the place was the first to find a solution of Tchitchikof 's conduct . He asserted that Tchitchikof , in his love for money , had committed some fraud or some misdeed to obtain it , and that his conscience smiting him , he had sought ghostly solace from some minister , by whom he had been ordered , as adequate penance , to get off a certain portion per annum in bad bargains — thus at once doing good to the sellers and torturing the avaricious spirit of the penitential purchaser . To this the governor objected , with much force , that , money being the end of human existence , the gaining of it , by any means short of murder , must be laudable , and could sit heavily on no sane man 's conscience ; but being warned by the priest , that such arguments bordered on heresy , he shifted his ground , and maintained that Tchitchikof was much too young and too far from death to dream of penitence , even if he had committed such a crime ; though he was evidently too reckless and devil-may-care to leave any dash of the miser in his composition . But the inspector of highways effectually knocked the clerical argument on the head , by saying , that had any priest thought it necessary , for the good of Tchitchikof 's soul , that he should part with his money , he would have taken due care that , instead of it being squandered in Nikolsk , it had all gone to swell the revenues of Mother Church . The inspector of the hospital finally settled it to the satisfaction of all parties , by shewing , from attentive observation of Tchitchikof 's conduct at the hospital , that he must be a monomaniac , whose particular insanity took the form of philanthropy ; but that , believing that a gift debases the recipient , he dexterously contrived to give his assistance under the cloak of a purchase . Although his companions could not see how any man could be so insane as to fancy a serf could be debased , this opinion was unanimously adopted , and the whole community set their wits to work to make themselves objects of charity for the nonce , and so obtain a share in the plunder . Space will not permit , neither would the end of our story be advanced by , a detail of the numerous and adroit dodges the Nikolskians invented in order to work upon Tchitchikof 's supposed philanthropy . Suffice it to say , that they were not in the least degree successful . It seemed as though you had only to appeal directly to Tchitchikof 's charity to close up his bowels of compassion , and render him at once callous and niggardly . Perhaps , too , as some thought , he was as acute as he was eccentric , and could distinguish between real and feigned distress . However it might be , it was soon remarkably clear that Tchitchikof , madman though he was , was not to be done ; and the baffled conspirators did not hesitate to say , that , after all , he was no such remarkable friend of his species ; that he kept a keen eye on the main chance ; and if it were his gratification to do good , he made a little go as far as it could , and was singularly blind to meritorious poverty . Accordingly , Tchitchikof having now been a fortnight in Nikolsk , was fast ceasing to be an object of interest , when his eccentricity broke out in a fresh place , and there seemed some likelihood of the children of Nikolsk , in the end , spoiling that Egyptian . It so happened , that at that time the landowners , or rather serf-owners , constituted the most depressed ‘ interest ’ in that portion of the Russian Empire . Not that they were suffering from free-trade of any kind , or clamouring for open or disguised protection : the cause of their depression was the prevalence of a deadly epidemic , which reduced the number of their serfs with remorseless vigour — combined with the tax which a paternal government levied on them , as a consideration for its maintaining them in their humane and Christian property . One of the principles of Russian taxation is this : that as every individual in the empire , European or Asiatic , is the child of the czar , owes him fealty and obedience , and receives protection , light , and glory from him , as from a central sun , so every individual owes in return a direct contribution to the fund by which the czar-father supports that light and glory . This is the theory of Russian taxation ; but against its actual carrying out in fact , is opposed the old difficulty , that from him who has nothing , nothing can possibly be extracted ; and as the poor serfs have no more means of paying taxes than the hogs and cattle their fellow-slaves , a considerate paternal government drops its theory , and makes the landowner pay the poll-tax for the slaves he possesses , much as an English gentleman pays taxes for his horses and dogs , horses and dogs being as little able to pay tax themselves as the Russian serf . Now , in a kind of deep irony , a serf is called a soul . M. K —— or M. T —— owns so many souls , Miss L —— ‘ s marriage-portion was so many souls , Madame B —— ‘ s dowry was a hundred souls ; and this word soul only applies to the male serfs — women and children being given in , or there being only one soul per family among serfs . Well , a landowner paying so much per soul to the government , and it being a work of much time and trouble to take a census of souls every year , an estimate is made at long intervals — say ten or twenty years — and the landowner is compelled to pay accordingly till the period expires , whether the number of his serfs increase or diminish . It is therefore self-evident , that if the former occur — that if his serfs propagate their species with due rapidity — the serf-owner is a clear gainer during the interval between the soul-censuses , as he will be paying tax for a given number , while he is actually reaping the profit of the labour of treble or quadruple that number ; while , if cholera , fever , or any other of the ills that flesh , and especially serf-flesh , is heir to , come and slay their thousands , the exact converse obtains , and he will be paying tax for a certain number , while he only reaps the profit of a third . In the latter case were the landowners of Nikolsk . Cholera had more than decimated the serfs ; the impoverished owners regarded their unreaped fields and untilled lands and impoverished exchequers with a sigh — a sigh which deepened into a shudder , when they reflected how soon the collector would arrive with his inexorable demand for soul-tax . The landed interest is in no country , we believe , celebrated for bearing reverses with dignified composure ; and the depressed condition of the serf-owning interest was as much noised abroad in that district , as a certain professedly depressed interest connected with the soil has been , and is , in another country we know of much nearer home . About a dozen miles from Nikolsk there dwelt a widow , Madame Korobotchka by name , who lived on her late husband 's estate , and had suffered more than her neighbours by the prevalent serf mortality . Late one evening , when a violent storm was raging without , a stranger , who had been surprised in the storm , demanded the shelter of Madame Korobotchka 's ch â teau till the morning ; and as hospitality is a sacred duty in Russia , his demand was not only granted , but in a few minutes the stranger was seated as her vis - à - vis at the best repast her impoverished condition could afford . ‘ You appear to have a nice property here , matouchka , ’ said the stranger , by way of opening a conversation . ‘ How many peasants have you ? ’ ‘ Peasants , batiouchka ! At present , about eighty ; but these are awful times . This year , we have had a frightful loss of them . Providence have pity on us ! ’ ‘ Nevertheless , your men look well enough , and —— But , pardon me — allow me to inquire to whom I am indebted for this hospitality ? I am quite confused — arrived so suddenly and so late — I ’ —— ‘ My name is Korobotchka — my paternal name Nastasie Petrovna . ’ ‘ Nastasie Petrovna ! Beautiful name . ’ ‘ And you , sir ? ’ inquired Nastasie . And then added , palpitating with terror : ‘ Are you — surely not — are you — an assessor ? ’ ‘ O no ! ’ was the reply . ‘ My name is Tchitchikof . I am no assessor ; I travel on purely private business . ’ ‘ I see : you have come to buy . How annoying ! I 've just sold all my honey to those thieves of merchants . ’ ‘ It is of no consequence . I do not buy honey . ’ ‘ Indeed ! hemp , then ? Dear me , and I have next to none . ’ ‘ Never mind , matouchka , ’ said Tchitchikof . ‘ My business in these parts is different . You were mentioning that you have had many deaths here ? ’ ‘ Alas , yes ! eighteen souls , ’ said Nastasie , sighing ; ‘ and such fine fellows : and the worst is , I shall have to pay for them . The assessor arrives , you must pay what he demands — pay to a soul . Eighteen die — it is all one — you pay the same . They are frightful , they are ruinous , these deaths ! ’ ‘ Ah , Nastasie , ’ said Tchitchikof , ‘ it is the will of God : we must not murmur against Providence ! But tell me — will you let me have them ? ’ ‘ Let you have what ? ’ ‘ Your dead souls . ’ ‘ How can I let you have them ? ’ ‘ Nothing easier . Sell them to me : I will give you money for them . ’ ‘ How ! what ! Do you want to disinter them ? ’ ‘ Disinter them ! what nonsense ; no ! ’ cried Tchitchikof . ‘ You hand them over to me by a regular conveyance , and I pay you whatever we agree upon for them . ’ ‘ And what will you do with them ? ’ asked Nastasie in great surprise . ‘ That is my business , ’ said Tchitchikof . ‘ But you see they are dead . ’ ‘ And who , in the name of goodness , said they were living ? ’ cried he . ‘ It 's a misfortune for you that they are dead , is n't it ? You pay the tax for them , do n't you ?— and that 'll half-ruin you , you say . Well , I clear you of the tax for these eighteen dead ones — do you understand ?— not only clear you of the tax , but give fifteen rubles into the bargain . Is that clear , or is it not ? ’ ‘ No — yes — I can n't tell what to say . You see , I have never sold dead peasants before , and ’ —— - ‘ It would be queer if you had , ’ cried Tchitchikof . ‘ Who 'd buy them , do you think ? It 's my humour , my whim , to have them . I gain nothing by them — how can I ?— and you gain everything . Cannot you see that ? ’ ‘ Yes — but — really I do n't know what to say . What puzzles me is , that they are dead . ’ ‘ She has n't the brains of a bullock , ’ exclaimed Tchitchikof indignantly . ‘ Listen , matouchka . Pay attention . You pay for them as if they were living : that will ruin you . ’ ‘ Ah , that is true indeed , batiouchka . In three months , I must pay one hundred and fifty rubles , and bribe the assessor to boot . ’ ‘ Well , then , I save you all that trouble . I pay for these eighteen — I , not you . When you sign the contract , I hand over the money . Do you understand now ? ’ As Nastasie 's cupidity excelled her stupidity , she did begin to understand ; and after a little more hesitation and explanation , Tchitchikof drew up a formal conveyance of the eighteen souls , precisely as though they were bodies and souls , inserting their names , however , as a guarantee against his claiming any of Nastasie 's living stock . Nastasie signed it , Tchitchikof paid the money , and , after a good night 's rest , departed for Nikolsk , with the title-deed of the dead souls safely in his possession . Of course this new freak of Tchitchikof 's was soon noised abroad , and in the eyes of the Nikolskians proved two things :— 1st , That he was unmistakably mad , or philanthropic to a high degree ; 2d , That there was now a prospect of gaining something by said madness or philanthropy . Accordingly , all the serf-owners made it their business to drop in upon Tchitchikof in a purely casual manner ; and contrived , after more or less higgling , to depart with a larger quantity of the current coin of Russia in their possession than they possessed on first seeking the interview . In a few days , Tchitchikof found himself possessed of 2000 souls , at the moderate cost of 19 , 500 rubles . Dead souls were getting quite a scarce article ; and , on the true principles of supply and demand , some enterprising Nikolskians were about to import some defunct souls from a distance , when suddenly , one morning , the host of the Eagle announced , that at dead of the previous night , Tchitchikof had departed , bag and baggage and souls . This sudden departure created a great sensation . All the old theories about Tchitchikof revived ; and the general opinion seemed to be , that it was all a deep-laid scheme of some irresponsible man in authority , the end whereof was to be suffering in some shape or other to the good people of Nikolsk ; until the inspector of the hospital , the Nikolsk Socrates , proved clearly , by unassailable argumentation , that Tchitchikof was mad ; that his exit was in exact keeping with his conduct during his sojourn ; and that they might repose in the peace of easy consciences , proud that they had made the most of his insanity . Now for the d é nouement . At St Petersburg is or was a bank established by a paternal government for this most laudable purpose : what with deaths , taxes , and the natural extravagance that seems to accompany the possession of land in all countries , the Russian landowners are often embarrassed , and were driven , before this bank was established , to seek assistance from usurious Jews , the end of which was frequently total ruin , and a Hebraicising of the race of landowners , not pleasant to a Russian and a Christian czar . Therefore this bank was established to lend money to distressed members of the landed interest ; compelled by its charter to lend 200 rubles per soul , at a given interest and time , to every landowner who should deposit his title-deeds with the bank . On a certain day very soon after Tchitchikof 's abrupt exit from Nikolsk , a solicitor applies at this bank for a loan of 400 , 000 rubles on the security of 2000 souls . The title-deeds are examined — found correct ; the money is paid ; and in a few days afterwards M. Tchitchikof and the money are both out of the jurisdiction of the czar . The time for repayment arrives . The bank hears nothing of M. Tchitchikof . A letter is sent to Nikolsk : no reply . Another of a threatening nature : still no reply . Finally , a special agent is despatched , and finds neither Tchitchikof nor security ; but gradually collects the particulars of his visit , as narrated above , and returns to report progress , or no progress , to his superiors . There is nothing for it , one would think , but to write off the 400 , 000 rubles as a clear loss , and think no more of it . But a paternal government knows better than that . It adjudges that the Nikolskians are virtually accessaries to the fraud ; apportions the loan among the sellers of the souls , and compels repayment . So that the Nikolskians have to conclude , in reflecting on M. Tchitchikof , not without acerbity and a certain uncharitableness of spirit , that if he were a friend of his species , he limited his species to himself ; and if he were mad , there was a very clear and profitable method in his madness . Meantime the principal actor in this little Russian episode , as the Baron von Rabenstein , captivates the hearts of our English ladies at the ball-room , and empties the pockets of our English gentlemen at the rouge et noir table in the fashionable German watering-place of Lugundtrugbad . And without disparaging his patriotism , or natural love of country , we believe we speak advisedly when we state , that he has not the slightest idea of returning , within anything like a limited period , to the territories of his autocratic majesty . SPELLING-BOOK VERSUS HORN-BOOK . Nothing is considered a more shocking mark of defective education than false spelling , or bad spelling , or misspelling — all which terms are used to express one 's spelling a word in some way which the critic does not approve ; that is , does not consider the right way . But this is plainly assuming that there is but one right way . Begging his pardon , is he quite certain that there must be true and false , good and bad , right and wrong ways of spelling every word in every language , or even in our own ? It seems very doubtful . At all events , we must , I think , tether the critic to his own particular period , and not let him range up and down at his pleasure , condemning the past and legislating for the future . No doubt there is at this time a common and usual way of spelling most words , which may claim to be called the right way , or orthography . It is equally certain , that for any individual writer to depart from that way , is anything but a mark of wisdom . At the same time , it would not be difficult to specify a considerable number of words , of which the spelling has only recently been made what it is , and about which , even now , doubts may be raised . But this is hardly worth mentioning , for it is clear that there is , generally speaking , a mode of spelling the English language which is followed by all well-educated persons ; and as , according to Quintilian , the consensus eruditorum forms the consuetudo sermonis , so this usage of spelling , adopted by general consent of the learned , becomes a law in the republic of literature . My object is not to insist on what is so plain and notorious , but rather to call attention to a fact which many readers do not know , and many others do not duly consider . I mean this fact — that three or four hundred years ago there was no such settled rule . Not that a different mode was recognised , but that there was no recognised mode . There was no idea in the minds of persons who had occasion to write , that any such thing existed , for in fact it did not exist ; and the adoption of this or that mode was a matter of taste or accident , rather than of duty or propriety . Thus it was that the writer who spelt ( or spelled , for we have some varieties still ) a word variously in different parts of the same book or document , and even the printer whose own name appeared one way on the title-page and another on the colophon , was not contradicting his contemporaries or himself : he was not breaking the law , for there was none to break — or , at least , none that could be broken in that way . He would , perhaps , have said to the same effect , though not so elegantly as Quintilian : ‘ For my part , except where there is any established custom to the contrary , I think everything should be written as it is sounded ; for the use of letters is to preserve sounds , and render them , as things which they have been holding in trust , to the reader . ’ In short , the people of England , in these old times , had a law of their own , though it did not manifest itself in a fixed mode of spelling , but differed from ours , and , indeed , was based on a very different principle . Perhaps I might say , that they were brought up , not to the Spelling-book , but the Horn-book . By this , I mean that the critic of modern times has been no doubt well drilled in the spelling-book , soundly rated if he was guilty of a misspelling , and made to understand that it was next to impossible for him to commit a more disgusting barbarism ; while his many-times-great-grandfather ( the scholar of Lily , perhaps we might almost say of Busby ) went through no such discipline . He was , as I have said , brought up on the horn-book . Now , I grant that , generally , the major includes the minor ; and a man 's being able to read is prima facie evidence that he knows his letters ; yet it is possible that the modern many-times-great-grandson may indulge in as much laxity respecting letters , as his ancestor did with regard to words . Just try the experiment . Go round to half-a-dozen printers , and ask them to print for you the first letter of the alphabet . They will understand you , and you will understand me , without my puzzling the workman who is to print this — if it is printed — by naming the letter here . Apply to them , I say , successively to print this letter for you . It is not likely that any one of them will ask you : ‘ What shape will you have it ? ’ because that is not a technical mode of expression among printers ; but if any one should do so , you would perhaps answer with some surprise : ‘ Why , the right shape to be sure . Do not you know your letters , and are not your first , second , and third letters , and all through the alphabet , of the right shape ? Only take care that you do not make this first one in the shape of the second , or third , or any of those which follow , for the whole set are distinguished from one another simply and purely by their shape . ’ As I have said , however , if you applied to a practical man , he would not put the question in this form . At the same time , he certainly would put it in another . He would perhaps say : ‘ What type will you have ? Shall it be Roman , Italic , Black-letter , Script , or any of the grotesque inventions of modern fancy ? ’ You immediately become aware that your order is too indefinite to be acted on without some further specification . As , however , it is immaterial to you in a matter of mere experiment , you say at once ‘ Roman . ’ Does that settle it ?— not at all : the question of form and shape is as wide open as ever . The Upper Case and Lower Case in a printing-office differ as much as the Upper House and Lower House in parliament or convocation . Is it to be a great ‘ A , ’ or a little ‘ a ? ’ A great ‘ A , ’ I need not tell you , though quite the same in sound and value , is no more like a little ‘ a , ’ than a great ‘ B ’ is like a little ‘ b . ’ As to writing also , as well as printing — set half-a-dozen critics separately and apart to write a capital ‘ A , ’ and see how far the letters which they will produce agree in form and shape — I do not say with any in the printer 's stock , for not one will do that , we may be certain , but with each other . One scribe will probably make something like an inverted cornucopia , or wiredrawn extinguisher ; and one will cross it with a dash , and another with a loop ; while another will make a letter wholly different — something that shall look like a pudding leaning against a trencher set on edge — something that is only a great ‘ A ’ by courtesy , being in fact nothing but an overgrown little ‘ a ; ’ bearing the same proportion to a common ‘ a ’ as an alderman does to a common man , and looking as if it had been invented by some municipal scribe or official whose eye was familiar with the outline of recumbent obesity . But notwithstanding these and many other variations , you freely allow that each of your friends has made a capital ‘ A . ’ You do not dream of saying that one is right , and all the rest are wrong . The taste and the skill of their penmanship may be various , and the judgment of good and bad goes so far , but it knows better than to go further . Your toleration on this point is unbounded . If you can but make it out , you say , without the least emotion of resentment or contempt : ‘ Mr A. always makes his Bs in this way ; ’ and ‘ Mrs C. always makes her Ds in that way . ’ Their Bs and Ds forsooth ! Yes : ‘ every man his own alphabet-maker . ’ Why not , if you do but understand him ? Right or wrong , the fact is that , come in what shape it may , you take what stands for ‘ A ’ to be ‘ A , ’ with all the rights and qualities annexed to that letter . Except so far as taste is concerned , you do not think of rebuking the self-complacent type-founder , who prides himself on having produced a new form which all the world will admit to be a genuine ‘ A , ’ as soon as they make out that it was meant for one . I have thought it worth while to say all this about letters , because I believe that it will illustrate what was once upon a time nearly true as to words . The principle of those who had occasion to write in those early times was , so far as circumstances allowed , just opposite to that of the modern critics who find fault with their practice . They made that which , notwithstanding its fluctuations , we may call ‘ the constant quantity ’ to be the sound , exactly as we do with the multiform As and Bs just noticed . On the other hand , modern purists consider , not altogether incorrectly as to the fact , that the notation has somehow been settled and fixed , and they are disposed to force the sound into conformity . ‘ B , y , spells by , ’ said Lord Byron ; and what he settled for himself , the spelling-book has settled for the rest of the world and all the words in it . The circumstances of those who wrote English some centuries ago , may be considered as bearing some analogy to those of modern English authors who have occasion to write down Oriental words in English letters , and who are therefore obliged to make the characters which we use represent sounds which we do not utter . Of course there can only be an approximation . Writers feel that there is a discretion , and use it freely . It is easy for one after another to imagine that he has improved on the spelling of his predecessors . How many variegations and transmogrifications has the name of one unhappy Eastern tongue undergone since the days when Athanasius Kircher discoursed of the Hanscreet tongue of the Brahmins ? I am almost afraid to write the name of Vishnoo , for I do not remember to have seen it in any book published within these five years ; and what it may have come to by this time , I cannot guess . To a certain point , I think , this progressive purification of the mode of representing Eastern sounds has been acceptable to the world of letters ; but the reading-public have shewn that there is a point at which they may lose patience . They not long ago decided that Haroun Alraschid , and Giafar , and Mesrour , and even the Princess Badroulboudour , and the fair slave Nouzhatoul-aouadat , had all ‘ proper names , ’ and refused to part with the friends of their youth for a more correctly named set of persons never before heard of . This by the way , however ; for the main object of these remarks is to convey and impress the idea , that what naturally seems to us the strange and uncouth spelling of former times , was not a proof of the gross , untaught ignorance which it would now indicate . The purpose of the writer in those days was , not to spell accurately words which there was no strict rule for spelling , but to note down words in such a way as to enable those who had not heard them to reproduce them , and to impart their sense through the eye to those who should only see them . One of the finest proofs and specimens of this which we possess , is to be found in a sort of historical drama , now about three hundred years old , written by Bishop Bale , one of the most learned men of his time , and still existing , partly in his hand-writing , and partly in another hand , with his autograph corrections . [ 1 ] Certainly the prelate and the scribe between them did , as we should consider it , most atrociously murder the king and queen 's English — for I suppose it would be hard to say how much of it belonged to Edward , and how much to Elizabeth ; and there is something quite surprising in the prolific ingenuity with which they evade what we should consider the obvious and natural spelling . For instance , one of the dramatis person æ, and a very important one , is an allegorical person called ‘ Civil Order ; ’ but I believe that the word ‘ civil ’ thus spelled never occurs in the whole work , though seven other modes of spelling it are to be found there . What then ? You know what the writer means by cyvill , cyvyll , cyvyle , sivyll , syvyll , sivile , and syvile . Only say it out , and do n't be afraid . It is mere nervousness that hinders people from reading old spelling . Clear your throat , and set off at full speed , and the top of your voice , with the following paragraph . Do not stop to think ; take the raspers without looking at them , and you will find that you get over the ground wonderfully :— ‘ The suttle munkych rewlars in furdewhodes rewled the pepell with suttyll rewles . But some of the pepyll were sedycyows scysmatyckes , and did puplyshe them for dysgysyd ipocryts , full of desseyvable gylle and covytous hydolatrie of luker . And these sysmatykes could in no wysse indewer that lords , nowther dewks , nor yet the kings mageste , nor even the empowr , should ponnysh any vylayn . Because , say they , peples in general , as well as peplys in particular ( that is , yehe man and his ayers ) , hath an aunchant and ondowghted right to do his dessyer attonys . “ Yea sewer , ” said a myry fellawe ( for such as be myrie will make myrye jests ) — “ even as good right as a pertre to yield peres , and praty pygys to eat them ." ’ It is , of course , only for the spelling , or various spellings , of these words that the bishop is responsible , they being here arbitrarily brought together from various parts of his work merely to form a specimen . There can be no doubt that he would have pronounced the words ‘ people ’ and ‘ merry ’ in one uniform manner wherever they occur ; but it is curious to consider how little we can judge respecting the pronunciation of our forefathers . Their litera scripta manet ; but how they vocalised it , we cannot always decide . If the reader takes up any edition of Sternhold and Hopkins , printed less than a hundred years ago , he may , I believe , read in Psalm lxxix — O God , the Gentiles do invade , thine heritage to spoil : Jerusalem an heap is made — thy temple they defile . Any one who is aware how many of what are called ‘ vulgarisms ’ in pronunciation are in fact ‘ archaisms , ’ will naturally think that the ancient pronunciation of ‘ spoil , ’ like the modern vulgar one , was ‘ spile . ’ But if he goes to one old black letter — say that printed by John Windet for the assignees of Richard Day in 1593 — he will find in the fourth line ‘ defoile ; ’ and if he goes to another edition he may find ‘ defoyle ; ’ and he will learn that in speculating on such matters , he must be on his guard against modernisers , and go to originals . Even then the rhymes of our ancestors teach us much less of their pronunciation than we might expect ; and the curious glimpses which we sometimes get from them , and from other sources , are only enough to make us wish for more . Take , for instance , Master Holofernes 's vituperation of Don Adrian de Armado in Love 's Labour Lost , and see what you can make of it : ‘ I abhor such phantasms , such insociable and point-devise companions , such rackers of orthography , as to speak dout fine , when he should say doubt ; det , when he should pronounce debt ; d , e , b , t ; not d , e , t ; he clepeth a calf , cauf ; half , hauf ; neighbour vocatur nebour ; neigh abbreviated ne : this is abominable , which we would call abhominable . ’ Such a passage is curious , coming from one of whom it was asked : ‘ Monsieur , are you not lettered ? ’ and answered : ‘ Yes , yes ; he teaches boys the Horn-book . ’ FOOTNOTES : [ 1 ] Kynge Johan , a Play in Two Parts . By John Bale . Edited for the Camden Society by J. Payne Collier , Esq ., F. S. A ., from the Manuscript of the Author in the Library of the Duke of Devonshire . 1838 . A FEW WORDS ABOUT ROOMS AND THEIR ORNAMENTS . The sun shines brightly to-day , and his beams glance lovingly from the flowers without to those within the room , and rest upon the ‘ Eve ’ that stands among them ; the light is toned into softness by this green drapery , and reminds us of the leaves and tracery which peep in at the windows . We find , in the effect of the whole , such a delicate reflex of the nature outside , that we live with a half-conscious perception that but a tent-like division exists between us and the birds and blossoms in the garden . We love this room as we do few others , not for the evidences of wealth in it , though these exist , but because the idea regulating its arrangement is predominant through all its details . Affection and love of beauty were present at its creation for home-life , and worked it into harmony . All rooms might have this kind of beauty , subject only to slight modifications from position and wealth . Character , in reality , has everything to do with it . Rooms tell us much of their inhabitants . No one will doubt who remembers the stiff , formal arrangement of the drawing-room ‘ at school , ’ where the chairs stood in the primmest rows and couples , and the whole place breathed such an air of strict propriety , that we doubted whether a hearty laugh would not be unbecoming in it ; or the uncomfortable , seldom used , conventional drawing-room , which has such fine-looking , unreadable books on its polished tables ; or the cheerful tiny room of the friend who has very little money , but very much taste , and who hangs an engraving there , and puts flowers here , and makes a shrine out of an ordinary garret . In some rooms , we see that life is respectably got through in a routine of eating , sleeping , comfort-loving ; in others , that it glances to the stars , and lives with the flowers ; in others , again , that it finds out good in shady nooks or crowded cities , and is filled with affection and intelligence . There are very few rooms , except among the poorest and most degraded , that have not in them some indications of the love of beauty , which is so universal in human nature . Influenced by the same feeling , the cottager 's wife scours her tins , arranges her little cupboard of cups and saucers , buys barbarous delineations of ‘ Noah in the Ark , ’ or ‘ Christ with the Elders , ’ from the pedler ; and the nobleman collects around him all he thinks precious in bronze or painting . Cleanliness and order are certainly the simplest manifestations of the love of the beautiful in the household — the germ , which the feeling in its highest development must include ; but too many among us remain satisfied with the lower form , and from some reason or other , fail to see the further gratification that is possible to all . Nature , however , stimulates and satisfies this love everywhere , and society in many directions is following in her footsteps . Let us see what can be done in the matter . After all , rooms must still retain the impress of the character of their inhabitants . Yes ; but there are certain general rules which all who do arrange them would do well to remember . In the first place , they should be well lighted , and as thoroughly ventilated as they can be made ; the eye should be pleased with their general effect ; no detail of colouring or furniture should mar it ; they should be filled with gentle relief , not uniformity of colour ; and there should be as many waving lines , instead of angles , as possible . They should contain all things necessary to their several characters , but nothing very superfluous ; and their whole arrangement should indicate , and be subservient to , the idea that prompted it . Above all , they should have in them some thing , or things , to soothe the thoughts , stimulate the fancy , and suggest something higher than the ordinary uses which they serve . Human beings , even in the life of a day , experience many fluctuations of mood , of joy or sadness ; and there should be some thing , if not person , in their homes , that would suggest to them mute sympathy and comfort . Are we sad ? It is winter now , and these hyacinth bulbs are unsightly , but spring will bring flowers to them , as time and patience will to us . Are we glad ? These roses and geraniums glow in the sunbeams , and we rejoice together . Are we dull ? That beautiful Greek form rouses us into activity again . Are we weary of climbing , and dissatisfied with our want of success ? Turn to that Raphael , and let us remember , that all who faint not by the way , and aspire worthily , shall at length be transfigured in the light of truth and beauty . There are few if any rooms that need be without some such suggestion and comfort . Nature offers them lavishly to all who care to seek them ; and first , and most generously , her loveliest of treasures , flowers , which are the brightest of drawing-room accessories , as well as the sweetest of cottage adornments . Sea-weed , too — which is more difficult to get , but when arranged with taste , is so exquisite in colour — is a sweet remembrance of sea-side beaches and the odour of the spray . Bits of pine-bark and fir-cones are beautiful as to colour , and bring back to us pictures of woods gleaming in the western light , and well-known landscapes seen through vistas of tall stems ; sprays of clematis and bryony , a group of ivy-leaves , or bunch of ripe corn , require nothing but a little graceful arrangement to throw a light of beauty over many a dull corner . But some of these ornaments are perishable , and can but delight us for awhile . We must have something more permanent . Ah , then , there are shells which still echo faintly the delicious murmur of the waves , and reflect all the colours of sea and sky together ; one or two of them we must secure : the graceful nautilus , from whose mouth shall hang in summer some pendent blossoms ; and that Venus 's ear , which glitters in the sunbeams as it lies upon the table , and bears the impress of spirits ’ wings upon its inner surface . Bronzes , marbles , and paintings can be purchased only by the wealthy , so we will not speak of them ; we will see them as often as we can in public galleries , and meanwhile rejoice that such fine substitutes in plaster and engraving may become ours . These are yearly becoming more common among us ; and treasures of antique and modern art , Grecian gods , and Italian Madonnas , may be our own household delights by the expenditure of a few shillings . Of course , to the taste and requirements of each individual must be left the selection of the kind and character of the beauty he desires to have around him . Some subjects in art are best suited for enjoyment in rooms destined for solitary use , others for those of general resort — some touch us peculiarly in one mood , some are welcome to us in all . Of this last character ‘ St Catherine borne by Angels ’ is a specimen : the earth sinks beneath them , they fly so swiftly and yet so calmly ! we are in the air too with them , and mark how small the world looks , with its burdens of wrong and suffering , as we cleave our way through the fields of ether up towards the stars ; and that lovely one the spirits hold so tenderly , how still and calm is every line !— she is at peace after the storm and the agony , and for a space we lie still as she in those angel arms . Of the same class is Raphael 's ‘ Transfiguration , ’ which is magnificent if we only contemplate the grouping of the figures , but truly sublime in the ideas it suggests . Flaxman 's ‘ Mercury and Pandora ’ likewise , elegant and graceful in the highest degree , is peculiarly suited for generally used rooms and constant delight . But specimens crowd into our recollection for which we have not space . General sitting-rooms can bear a variety of subject and suggestion — they will have a variety of inhabitants or visitors ; and while bearing the impress of a certain unity , they should contain pleasure for all , and stimuli for differing minds . We would not habitually admit in them works of art which rouse too painful a class of emotions . Fuseli 's picture of ‘ Count Ugolino in Prison , ’ in which the stony fixedness of despair deprives us , as we gaze , almost of the living hope within us , we could not bear to have near us habitually . That wonderfully beautiful marble of Francesca di Rimini and her lover , which appeared in the Great Exhibition last year , would come under the same law of banishment . It realised so perfectly the hopelessness of hell , that at sight of it we swooned in spirit as Dante did in reality . Life has so many stern realities for most of us , that in art we need relief , and generally desire to find renewed hope and faith through delight and gladness . In rooms where we need care to please only ourselves , we can follow our own tastes more entirely and freely . In them , shall we not have a Madonna whose ‘ eyes are homes of silent prayer ? ’ — a copy of De la Roche 's ‘ Christ , ’ so touching in its sad and noble serenity ? or some bust or engraving of poet or hero , which shall be to us as a biography , never failing to stimulate us in the best direction ? Or shall we have a copy of that fine Mercury , who stands resting lightly on the earth with one foot , and raised , outstretched arms , in the act of ascending from it — the embodiment of aspiration ? All these things are symbols of noble thought , and they may belong to us as easily now as a copy of Bacon or Shakspeare . Here is great cause for rejoicing . Fantastic furniture , old china , and such-like things , will one day be superseded in drawing-rooms , just as the old , barbarously-coloured ‘ Noahs ’ and ‘ Abrahams ’ of the cottage may now easily be by pictures in better perspective and purer taste . Then there will be danger of crowding rooms with good things — a great mistake also : an ornament should have a simple background , should ‘ shew like metal on a sullen ground . ’ Rooms , from temptations of wealth or taste , should never become mere pretty curiosity-shops . Forbearance and self-control are necessary in this as in all things . ‘ To gild refined gold ’ is worse than useless . Let us not question the need of such thought and care for mere dwelling-places . Are not rooms the nurseries of the young spirits among us , the resting-places of all others on their pilgrimage ? And because everything is important that influences and educates the soul , love and thought shall work together in our homes , and create in all details something akin to the universal harmony they should typify . INVESTMENTS ! What is to be done with the money which is realised in the ordinary course of affairs , has latterly become a kind of puzzle . There it goes on accumulating as a result of industry ; but what then ? A person can but eat one dinner in the day ; two or three coats are about all he needs for the outer man ; he can but live in one house at a time ; and , in short , after paying away all he needs to pay , he finds that he has not a little over for — investment . Since our young days , this word investment has come remarkably into use . All are looking for investments ; and as supply ordinarily follows demand , up there rise , at periodical intervals , an amazing number of plans for the said investments — in plain English , relieving people of their money . A few years ago , railways were the favourite absorbents . Railways , on a somewhat more honest principle , may possibly again have their day . Meanwhile , the man of money has opened up to him a very comprehensive field for the investment of his cash : he can send it upon any mission he chooses ; he may dig turf with it , or he may dig gold ; he may catch whales , or he may catch sprats , or do fifty other things ; but if he see it again after having relinquished his hold upon it , he must have exercised more discretion than falls to the lot of the majority of Her Majesty 's lieges in their helter-skelter steeple-chasing after 20 per cent . Our present business , however , is not with legitimate speculation , but with schemes in which no discretion is exercised , or by which discretion is set to sleep — in a word , with bubble investments ; and the history of many of the most promising of these speculations may be read in the following brief and not altogether mythical biography , of an interesting specimen which suddenly fell into a declining way , and is supposed to have lately departed this life . The Long Range Excavator Rock-Crushing and Gold-Winning Company was born from the brain of Aurophilus Dobrown , Esq ., of Smallchange Dell , in the county of Middlesex , between the hours of ten and eleven at night on the 14th of October 1851 . It was at first a shapeless and unpromising bantling ; but being introduced to the patronage of a conclave of experienced drynurses , it speedily became developed in form and proportion ; and before it was ten days old , was formally introduced , with official garniture , to the expectant public , by whom it was received with general approbation and favour . The new company , in a dashing prospectus , held forth a certain prospect of enormous advantages to shareholders , with an entire exemption from responsibility of every sort . The shares were a million in number , at one pound each , without any further call — on the loose-cash principle , and no signing of documents . Aurophilus Dobrown was chairman of the committee of management . The intentions of the company , as detailed at length in their eloquent prospectus , were to invade the gold regions of the Australian continent with a monster engine , contrived by the indefatigable Crushcliff , and which , it was confidently expected , would devour the soil of the auriferous district at a rate averaging about three tons per minute . It was furnished , so the engineer averred , with a stomach of 250 tons capacity , supplied with peristaltic grinders of steel of the most obdurate temper , enabling it with ease to digest the hardest granite rocks , to crush the masses of quartz into powder , and to deposit the virgin gold upon a sliding floor underneath . The machine was to be set in motion by the irresistible force of ‘ the pressure from without , ’ and 1000 pounds-weight of pure gold per diem was considered a very low estimate of its powers of production . These reasonable expectations being modestly set forth in circulars and public advertisements , and backed by the august patronage of the respectable and responsible individuals above named , the Long Range Excavator Company speedily grew into vast repute . The starving herd encamped in Stagg 's Alley , flew at once to pen , ink , and paper , and applications for shares poured in by thousands . Referees were hunted up , or they were not — that is no great matter . Half a million of the shares were duly allotted ; and that done , to the supreme delectation of the stags , Mr Stickemup the broker , in conjunction with his old friend and colleague Mr Knockemoff , fixed the price of shares by an inaugural transaction of considerable amount , at 25 per cent . above par , at which they went off briskly . Now were the stags to be seen flying in every direction , eager to turn a penny before the inevitable hour appointed for payment on the shares . It was curious to observe the gradual wane of covetousness in the cerval mind ; how , as the fateful hour approached , their demand for profit grew small by degrees and beautifully less . From 4s . premium per share to 3s . ; from 3s . to 2s . ; from 2s . to 1s . ; and thence to such a thing as 9d ., 8d ., 7d ., and still downwards , till , as the hand of the dial verged upon the closing stroke of the bell , they condescended to resign their Long Range Excavators to the charge of buyers who could pay for the shares they held . The company was now fairly afloat . By the aid of A few clever riggers to put on the pot , To stir it round gently , and serve while ‘ twas hot , the shares rose higher than had been expected . Aurophilus Dobrown sold his 50 , 000 at a handsome premium , and realised what he was pleased privately to term ‘ something substantial ’ by the speculation . The public became enthusiastic on the subject of the Long Range Excavators , and for a few short weeks they were the favourite speculation of the market . By and by , however , a rumour began to be whispered about on the subject of the monster-machine , the stomach of which , it was secretly hinted , was alarmingly out of order , and resisted all the tonics of the engineer . It was currently reported among parties most interested , that from late experiments made , previous to embarkation , it had been ascertained beyond a doubt , that though the peristaltic apparatus digested pints with perfect ease , it yet rejected quartz — a defect which it was but too plain would be fatal to the production of gold . The effect of this rumour was most alarmingly depressing upon the value of the shares . In a few days , they fell 50 per cent . below par , with few buyers even at that . At this juncture , it was discovered that one of the directors was actively bearing the market ; but the discovery was not made before that disinterested personage , who had previously disposed of the whole of his original allotment at a handsome premium , had secured above 10 , 000 new shares at a cost of about half their upset value . A colleague openly accused him of this disgraceful traffic at a general meeting of the directors , and declared that he had not words to express his disgust at one who , for the sake of his own personal profit , could condescend to depreciate the property of his constituents . The accused retorted , and the meeting growing stormy and abusive , ended late at night with closed doors . A few days after , affairs again began to take a turn upwards . The failure of the engine was declared to be an erroneous and altogether unfounded report . It was boldly asserted , that the small model-engine of one inch to the foot , had actually crushed several masses of Scotch granite , and eliminated seven or eight ounces of pure metal ; and these specimens were exhibited under a glass-case in the office of the company , in proof of their triumphant success . Now the shares rose again as rapidly as they had lately fallen , and honourable gentlemen who had held on , had an opportunity of turning themselves round . It is to be supposed that some of them at least did that to their satisfaction ; at anyrate , the respectable and responsible concocters of the Long Range Excavator Rock-Crushing and Gold-Winning Company very soon began to turn their backs upon the public altogether . By degrees , the whole body of directors , trustees , counsel and agents , dwindled down to a solitary clerk paring his nails in a deserted office . Shares at a discount of 60 , 70 , 80 , 90 per cent . attested the decline of the speculation . Honourable gentlemen were reported to have gone upon their travels . The office was at first ‘ temporarily closed , ’ and then let to the new company for Bridging the Dardanelles on the Tubular Principle . The engine of the Long Range Excavators , according to the last report , had foundered — but whether in the brain of Crushcliff , the engineer , or on the Scilly Rocks , we could not clearly make out . The only one of the original promoters who has latterly condescended to gratify the gaze of the public , is the Baron Badlihoff , who , a few days ago , made his appearance on the monkey-board of an omnibus , whence he was suddenly escorted by policeman B . 1001 , to the presence of a magistrate , who unsympathisingly transferred him to Clerkenwell Jail , for certain paltry threepenny defalcations , due to a lapse of memory which our shameful code persists in regarding as worthy of incarceration and hard labour . He is now an active member of a company legally incorporated under government sanction , for grinding the wind upon the revolving principle . It is not precisely known when the first dividend on the Long Range Excavators will be declared . Sanguine speculators in the L. R. E ., and the Thames Conflagration Company , expect to draw both dividends on the same day . In the meantime , the books are safe in the custody of Messrs Holdem Tight and Brass , of Thieves ’ Inn ; and ill-natured people are not wanting , who insinuate that they constitute the only property available for the benefit of the shareholders . Let us now take a glance at a snug little commercial bubble , blown into being by ‘ highly respectable men , ’ a private affair altogether , which never had a name upon ‘ Change , and was managed — we cannot say to the satisfaction of all parties — by the originating contrivers , without making any noise in the papers , or exciting public attention in any way . We will call it , for the sake of a name , ‘ The Babel and Lowriver Steam Navigation Company . ’ Lowriver is a pleasant , genteel little village , which has of late years sprung suddenly into existence on the coast of —— shire , and has been growing , for the last seven years , with each succeeding summer , more and more a place of favourite resort with the inhabitants of Babel . Mr Montague Whalebone took an early liking to the place , and built a row of goodly houses by the water-side , and a grand hotel at the end of the few stumps of pitchy stakes dignified by the name of the pier . But the hotel lacked customers , and the houses wanted tenants ; and the whole affair threatened to fall a prey to river-fog and mildew , when the Babel and Lowriver Steam Navigation Company came to the rescue , and placed it upon a permanent and expansive footing . Of the original constitution of this snug company , it is not easy to say anything with certainty . All we know is , that , some seven years ago , it was currently spoken of in private circles as a capital investment for money , supposing only that shares could be got : that was the difficult thing . Large dividends were to be realised by building four steamers , and running them between Babel and Lowriver . Upon the neat hot-pressed prospectus , privately and sparingly circulated — it was whispered that it was too good a thing to go a begging — appeared the names of Erebus Carbon , Esq ., of Diamond Wharf ; of Montague Whalebone , Esq ., of Lowriver ; of Larboard Starboard , Esq ., ship-builder ; and Piston Rodd , Esq ., of the firm of Boiler & Rodd , engineers , as directors . The shares were L. 20 each , liable to calls , though no calls were anticipated ; and it was reckoned an enormous favour to get them . Traffic in shares was discountenanced : the company had no wish to be regarded as a cluster of speculators , but rather as a band of brothers , co-operating together for their common benefit . Of course , the necessary legal formalities were gone through — that could not safely be dispensed with . In spite of the difficulty of obtaining shares , a pretty large number of them got into the hands of the respectable portion of the public , and the whole were soon taken up . The boats were built by Larboard Starboard , Esq . ; and the engines , as a matter of course , were put on board by Messrs Boiler & Rodd ; Erebus Carbon , Esq ., supplied , at the current rates , the necessary fuel ; and at all hours of the day the vessels ran backwards and forwards , carrying customers to Mr Montague Whalebone 's hotel , and lodgers to the new tenements , which soon began to rise around it in all directions . Lowriver took amazingly , and rose rapidly in public estimation ; the boats filled well , and the speculation promised great things . When , however , after several mouths of undeviating prosperity , the shareholders began to look for some return for their capital in the shape of a dividend , each one of them was individually surprised by a ‘ call : ’ L. 5 a share was wanted to clear off urgent responsibilities . ‘ The outfitting costs had been greater than was foreseen , ’ and the demands upon the shareholders were not likely to be limited to the first call . The victims rushed , as they were invited to do , to the office , to inspect the accounts . The engineer was there to receive them , and , all suavity and politeness , submitted every fact and figure to their investigation . There was nothing to be found fault with — everything was fairly booked ; but there was a heavy balance dead against the company . The engineer himself put a long face upon the affair , and shrugged his shoulders , and mumbled something about having burned his own fingers , & c. After this , reports soon got abroad very prejudicial to the value of the investments . Then came the winter , during which few passengers travelled to Lowriver ; and with Christmas came another L. 5 call . People grew tired of paying 20 per cent . for nothing , and many forfeited their shares by suffering them to be sold to pay the calls . This game went on for nearly three years — all ‘ calls ’ and no dividends ; until at length it would have been difficult to find five persons out of the original 500 who held shares in the Babel and Lowriver Steam Navigation Company , and there was next to nobody left to call upon . Years have rolled on since then . Lowriver has grown into a popular and populous marine summer residence . Mr Montague Whalebone , who knew what he was about , having bought and leased the building-ground , has become the owner of a vast property increasing in value every day . Larboard Starboard , Esq ., is on the way to become a millionaire , and has several new boats building for the company 's service at the present moment . Messrs Boiler & Rodd have quintupled their establishment , and are in a condition to execute government contracts . Erebus Carbon , Esq ., has found a market in the company for hundreds of thousands of tons of coal , and , from keeping a solitary wharf , has come to be the owner of a fleet of colliers . At this hour , the company consists of six individuals — the four original projectors , and a couple of old codgers — ‘ knowing files , ’ who had the penetration , in the beginning , to see through the ‘ bearing dodge , ’ and would not be beaten or frightened off . They paid up every call upon shares , and bought others — and then , by shewing a bold front , asserted a voice in the management , and crushed in to a full and fair share of the profits . They have made solid fortunes by the speculation ; while the original shareholders , whose money brought the company into existence , have reaped nothing but losses and vexation in return for their capital . But enough , and more than enough , on the score of the delusive farces which , with pretences almost as transparent as the above , are from time to time played off for the purpose of easing the public of their superfluous cash . Let us glance briefly at a speculation of a different kind , no less a bubble as it proved , but one whose tragic issues have already wrought the wreck of many innocent families , and which , at the present moment , under the operation of the Winding-up Act , is darkening with ruin and the fear of ruin a hundred humble abodes . We have good reason to know its history too well ; and we shall , in as few words as possible , present the facts most important to be known to the reader 's consideration , with the view of inculcating caution by the misfortunes of others , and shewing at the same time how possible it is , under the present law regulating joint-stock partnerships , for an honest man , by the most inadvertent act , to entail misery upon himself , and destitution upon his offspring . It is some fifteen or twenty years ago , since a company of two or three speculative geniuses issued a plan for establishing , in a delightful glen situated but a few miles from a well-known Welsh port in the Bristol Channel , a brewery upon an extensive scale . The prospectus , as a matter of course , promised to the shareholders the usual golden advantages . The crystal current which meandered through the valley was to be converted into malt-liquor — so great were the natural and artificial advantages which combined to effect that result — at one-half the cost of such a transformation in any other locality ; and the liquor produced was to be of such exquisite relish and potency , that all Britain was to compete for its possession . So plausible was everything made to appear , that men of commercially acquired fortune , of the greatest experience , and of long-tried judgment , invested their capital in the fullest confidence of success . Following their example , tradesmen and employers did the same ; and , in imitation of their betters , numbers of persons of the classes of small shopkeepers and labouring-men invested their small savings in shares in the ‘ Romantic Valley Brewery . ’ The number of joint-proprietors amounted in all to some hundreds , holding L. 20 shares in numbers proportioned to their means or their speculative spirit . Not one in fifty of them knew anything of the art of brewing , or had any knowledge of the locality where the scheme was to be carried out ; but no doubt was entertained of the speedy and great success which was promised . The land was bought , the necessary buildings were substantially erected , and the three principal concocters of the scheme , one of whom was a lawyer , were appointed to manage the concern , and empowered to borrow money in case it should be wanted , to complete the plant , and to work it until the profits came in . They had every advantage for the production of a cheap and superior article : labour , land-carriage , and water-carriage , were all at a low charge in the neighbourhood ; and materials , upon the whole , rated rather under than over the average . Year after year , however , passed away , and not a farthing of dividend came to the shareholders ; promises only of large profits at some future period — that was all . It happened that none of the shareholders had invested any very large sums , and this was thought a fortunate circumstance , as none of them felt very deeply involved . The rich had speculated with their superfluity , and they could bear to joke on the subject of the Romantic Valley , though they shook their heads when the supposed value of the shares was hinted at . The poor felt it more , and some of the neediest sold their single shares or half-shares at a terrible discount , while they would yet realise something . As time rolled on , several of the older proprietors died off , and willed away , with the rest of their property , the Romantic Valley Brewery shares to their friends and relatives . A considerable number of them thus passed from the first holders to the hands of others , one and all of whom naturally accepted the legacies devised to them , and gave the necessary signatures to the documents which made the shares their own . Meanwhile , the managers went on working an unprofitable business , borrowing money on the credit of the joint proprietors ; and in the face of all the advantages upon which they plumed themselves , plunged deeper and deeper into debt , until , being forced to borrow at a high rate of interest to pay for the use of former loans , they found their credit , in the thirteenth year of their existence , completely exhausted ; and then the bubble burst at once in ruin , utter and complete , overwhelming all who were legally connected with it , either by original purchase , by transfer , or by inheritance . Independent country gentlemen , west-country manufacturers , and merchants of substantial capital , were summarily pounced upon by the fangs of the law , and all simultaneously stripped of everything they possessed in the world . Professional men , the fathers of families genteelly bred and educated , were summarily bereft of every farthing , and condemned in the decline of life to begin the world afresh . Not a few , seized with mortal chagrin at the horrible consummation of an affair which had never been anything but a source of loss and annoyance , sunk at once into the grave . Others — accustomed perhaps for half a century to the appliances of ease and luxury , and who were the owners of hospitable mansions , the centres of genteel resort — at the present moment hide their heads in cottages , and huts , and eleemosynary chambers , where they wither in silence and neglect under the cold breath of alien charity . Some , at threescore , are driven forth from a life of indulgence and inactivity , to earn their daily bread . Young and rising tradesmen , who had had the misfortune to inherit from a relative or a patron but a few shares , or even a single one , saw themselves at once precipitated into bankruptcy . One case , for which we can personally vouch , is beyond measure distressing : a gentleman of good fortune dying , had bequeathed to each of a large family of daughters a handsome provision ; shortly before the bursting of the fearful bubble , the mother also died , dividing by will her own fortune among the young ladies , and leaving to each one a few shares in the Romantic Valley Brewery . The transference of these shares to the several children made the whole of them liable to the extent of their entire property ; and the whole six unfortunates were actually beggared to the last farthing , and cast upon the world to shift as they might . To detail the domestic desolation caused by this iniquitous affair , would require the space of a large volume . It has wrought nothing but wretchedness and ruin to those to whom it promised unexampled prosperity , and it is yet working still more — nor is it likely to stop , for aught that we can see , so long as it presents a mark for legal cupidity . All that could be got for the creditors has been extorted long ago from the wealthier portion of the victims ; but the loans are not yet all liquidated , and the claim yet remaining unsatisfied , is now the pretext under which the lawyers are sucking the life-blood from the hard-working and struggling class of shareholders , who , while industriously striving for a respectable position , are considered worth crushing for the sake of the costs , though they will never yield a penny towards the debt . Besides the persons who have the settlement of affairs in their hands , the original concocters of the company are the only persons who have profited from its operations . They indeed ride gloriously aloft above the ruin they have wrought . The process by which they have managed to extract a lordly independence for themselves , from a scheme which has resulted in the destitution and misery of every other participator , is a mystery we do not pretend to fathom in this case — though it is one of by no means unusual occurrence in connection with bubble-companies of all sorts . THE OSTRICH . For the following particulars relative to the habits of the ostrich , and the various modes of taking it , we are indebted to a gentleman who spent many years in Northern Africa , and collected these details from native sportsmen , his principal informant being Abd-el-Kader-Mohammed-ben-Kaddour , a Nimrod of renown throughout the Arab tribes of this region . The ostrich country , says Ben-Kaddour , may be described as a rectangle , of which the towns of Insalah , Figig , Sidi-Okba , and Warklah form the angles ; that is , it comprises the northern skirts of the Saharian desert , where water and herbage are plentiful in comparison with the arid plains of the centre . Throughout this region , ostriches may frequently be seen travelling in pairs , or in companies of four or five couples ; but wherever there has been a recent fall of rain , one is almost sure to find them grazing together in large numbers , appearing at a distance like a herd of camels . This is a favourable opportunity for ostrich-hunting , especially if the weather is very warm ; for the greater the heat , the less vigour have the birds for prolonging the chase . It is well known , that though the ostrich cannot raise itself into the air , it is nevertheless so swift of foot , that it cannot be fairly run down even by the horses of this region , which , on an emergency , are known to run 180 miles in a single day . An ostrich-hunt is , therefore , undertaken by at least ten horsemen together , who , being apprized of the spot where a large group are feeding , approach with extreme caution , and form a cordon round them . To prevent the birds from escaping from the circle thus formed , is all they attempt , and it requires their utmost dexterity . The terrified creatures run hither and thither ; and not managing their breath as they would do in an ordinary pursuit , they at length become exhausted , and betray it by flapping their wings . The sportsmen now fall deliberately upon them , and either lead them away alive , or fell them with a blow on the head . Their first care is to remove the skin , so as to preserve the feathers uninjured ; the next is to melt down the fat , and pour it into bags formed of the skin of the thigh and leg , strongly tied at the lower end . The grease of an ostrich in good condition fills both its legs ; and as it brings three times the price of common butter , it is considered no despicable part of the game . It is not only eaten with bread , and used in the preparation of kooskoos , and other articles of food , but the Arabs reckon it a valuable remedy in various maladies . In rheumatic attacks , for instance , they rub it on the part affected till it penetrates thoroughly ; then lay the patient in the burning sand , with his head carefully protected . A profuse perspiration comes on , and the cure is complete . In bilious disorders , the grease is lightly warmed , mixed with salt , and administered as a potion . It acts thus as a powerful aperient , and causes great emaciation for the time ; but the patient , say the Arabs , having been thus relieved from all the bad humours in his body , afterwards acquires robust health , and his sight becomes singularly good . The flesh of the ostriches , dressed with pepper and meal , forms the supper of the sportsmen . Ostrich-shooting is conducted in quite a different manner , and as it is practised only or chiefly during the period of incubation , it is to it we are principally indebted for the acquaintance which the Arabs have gained with the habits of these singular birds . The pairing-season is the month of August . The reumda ( female ) is generally shy , and the delim has often to pursue the object of his choice at full speed for four or five days , during which he neither eats nor drinks . When , however , she has consented to be his , she never again quits him till the young ones are reared ; and the bond between them is equally respected by all their companions : there is no fighting about mates , as among some other gregarious species . The period of incubation begins in the month of November , and presents the best opportunity for shooting the ostrich . At this season , also , the feathers are in the finest condition , though the fat is much less abundant . Five or six sportsmen set out together on horseback , taking with them two camels laden with provisions for a month , besides an abundant supply of powder and ball . They search for places where rain has lately fallen , or where pools of water occur , for in such localities there is likely to be that plentiful herbage which never fails to attract the ostrich . Having discovered its footprints , the sportsmen examine them with care . If they appear only here and there on the bare spots , they indicate that the bird has been here to graze ; but if they cross each other in various directions , and the grass is rather trampled down than eaten , the ostrich has certainly made her nest in the neighbourhood , and an active but cautious search for it is commenced . If she is only making her nest , the operation may be detected at a great distance , as it consists simply of pushing out the sand from the centre to the circumference of a circle , so as to form a large hole . The sand rises in dense clouds round the spot , and the bird utters a pining cry all day long . When the nest is finished , she cries only towards three in the afternoon . The female sits on the eggs from morning till noon , while her mate is grazing ; at noon , he takes her place , and she goes to the pasture in her turn . When she returns , she places herself facing her mate , and at the distance of five or six paces from the nest , which he occupies all night , in order to defend it from enemies , especially from the jackals , which often lie in ambush , ready to take advantage of an unguarded moment . Hunters often find the carcasses of these animals near ostriches ’ nests . In the morning , while the reumda is sitting , the sportsmen dig on each side of the nest , and at about twenty paces from it , a hole deep enough to contain a man . In each of these they lodge one of their best marksmen , and cover him up with long grass , allowing only the gun to protrude . One of these is to shoot the male , the other the female . The reumda , seeing this operation going forward , becomes terrified , and runs off to join her mate ; but he does not believe there is any ground for her terror , and with somewhat ungallant chastisement , forces her to return . If these preparations were made while the delim was sitting , he would go after her , and neither would return . The reumda having resumed her place , the sportsmen take care not to disturb her ; it is the rule to shoot the delim first , and they patiently wait his return from the pasture . At noon , he takes his place as usual , sitting with his wings outspread , so as to cover all the eggs . In this position , the thighs are extremely prominent , and the appointed marksman takes aim at them , because , if he succeeds in breaking them , there is no chance of escape , which there would be if almost any other part were wounded . As soon as he falls , the other sportsmen , attracted by the report , run up and bleed him according to the laws of the Koran . They hide the carcass , and cover with sand every trace of the blood that has been shed . When the reumda comes home at night , she appears not uneasy at the absence of her mate , but probably concluding that he was hungry , and has gone for some supper , she takes his place on the eggs , and is killed by the second marksman in the same way as the delim . The ostrich is often waylaid in a similar manner at its usual drinking-place , a good shot being concealed in a hole , whence he fires on it . The ostrich drinks nearly every five days when there is water ; otherwise it can do without it for a much longer time . Nothing but excessive thirst induces it ever to approach a human habitation , and then it flies as soon as it is satisfied . It has been observed , that whenever the flashing lightning announces an approaching storm , it hastens towards the water . Though single birds may often be shot on these occasions , it is a much less certain sport than killing them on the nest , and less profitable , as in the latter case the eggs form no contemptible part of the spoil . The nest of an ordinary pair contains from twenty-five to thirty eggs . But it often happens that several couples unite to hatch together : in this case , they form a great circular cavity , the eldest couple lay their eggs in the centre , and the others make a regular disposition of theirs around them . Thus , if there are four younger couples , they occupy the four angles of a square . When the laying is finished , the eggs are pushed towards the centre , but not mixed ; and when the eldest delim begins to sit , all the rest take their places where their eggs have been laid , the females observing similar order . These associations are found only where the herbage is very plentiful , and they are understood always to be family groups , the centre couple being the parents of the rest . The younger birds lay fewer and smaller eggs — those of one year old , for instance , have only four or five . The period of incubation is ninety days . In the case of several couples associated thus in the same nest , the sportsmen do not attempt to destroy any but the old ones ; for if they were to set about making as many holes as there were ostriches , the whole company would take fright and decamp . But perhaps it is determined to leave them all in peaceable possession for the present , and rather make a prey of the brood when hatched . The watching of the nests in such cases has led to further observations . The eggs of each pair are disposed in a heap , always surmounted by a conspicuous one , which was the first laid , and has a peculiar destination . When the delim perceives that the moment of hatching has arrived , he breaks the egg which he judges most matured , and at the same time he bores with great care a small hole in the surmounting egg . This serves as the first food of the nestlings ; and for this purpose , though open , it continues long without spoiling , which is the more necessary , as the delim does not break all the eggs on the same day , but only three or four , and so on , as he hears the young ones stirring within . This egg is always liquid , but whether by a provision of nature in its original composition , or through the instinct of the parent-birds in avoiding to keep it covered like the rest , is not ascertained . The young ones , having received this their first nourishment , are immediately dried in the sun , and begin to run about ; in a few days they follow the parent-birds to the pastures , always returning to shelter under their wings in the nest . The paternal affection of the delim is remarkable : he never leaves his offspring ; he faces every danger , and combats every foe in their defence . The reumda , on the contrary , is easily terrified , and leaves all to secure her own safety ; so that it is usual to compare a man who bravely defends his tent to a delim , and a pusillanimous soul to a reumda . The delim finds himself more than a match for the dog , the jackal , the hy æ na , or the eagle : man is his only invincible foe ; yet he dares to wage the unequal war when the young are in danger . If the Arabs desire to make a prey of the ral , as the young ostriches are called , they follow their footmarks , and having nearly overtaken them , they begin to shout ; the terrified birds run to their parents , who face about , and stand still to fight for them ; so the Arabs lead away the ral before their eyes , in spite of the bravadoes of the delim , who then manifests the liveliest grief . Sometimes the greyhound is employed in this sport : the delim attacks him , and while they are fighting , the men carry off the young ones , to bring them up in their tents . The ral are easily tamed ; they sleep under the tent , are exceedingly lively , and play with the children and dogs . When the tents are struck for a flitting , the pet ostriches follow the camels , and are never known to make their escape during the migration . If a hare passes , and the men start in pursuit of it , the ostrich darts off in the same direction , and joins the chase . If she meets in the douar ( village of tents ) a child holding any eatable thing in its hand , she lays him gently on the ground , and robs without hurting him . But the tame ostrich is a great thief , or rather is so voracious , it devours everything it finds — even knives , female trinkets , and pieces of iron . The Arab on whose authority these details are given , relates that a woman had her coral-necklace carried off and swallowed by an ostrich ; and an officer in the African army affirms , that one of them tore off and ate the buttons of his surtout . The ostrich is , at the same time , exceedingly dexterous ; so that she will tear a date from a man 's mouth without hurting him . The Arabs are distrustful of her , and know where to lay the blame if , on counting their money , they find two or three dollars missing . It is no uncommon thing to see , at some distance from a douar , a wearied child riding on the back of an ostrich , which carries its burden directly towards the tent , the young Jehu holding on by the pinions . But she would not carry too heavy a load — a man , for instance — but would throw him on the ground with a flap of her wing . When ostriches are taken to market in Africa , their legs are tied almost close together with a cord , another cord attached to this one being held in the hand . PROGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES . The official statement of the United States ’ census , published at Washington in December last , furnishes us with the means of knowing what our American brethren have been doing in the ten years from 1840 to 1850 . In that decennial period , the whole territory had increased from 2 , 055 , 163 to 3 , 221 , 595 square miles , exclusive of the great lakes in the interior , and deeply-indenting bays on the coast . The gross population in June 1850 , numbered 23 , 246 , 201 ; an increase from June 1840 of 6 , 176 , 848 . Of these , 19 , 619 , 366 were whites ; 3 , 198 , 298 were slaves ; and free blacks , 428 , 637 ; the increase having been respectively , 5 , 423 , 371 — 711 , 085 — 42 , 392 . The whole increase was equivalent to 3-1 / 2 per cent . ; while in Europe , it is not more than 1-1 / 2 per cent . ; and if it continue as at present , the population will , forty years hence , exceed that of England , France , Spain , Portugal , Sweden , and Switzerland put together . The deaths in the last of the ten years were 320 , 194 , being 1 to each 72. 6 , or 10 to each 726 of the inhabitants ; this return is , however , supposed to involve an error , as the mortality is less in proportion than in the most favoured parts of Europe ; whereas the reverse is generally considered to be the fact . In the same year , 1467 slaves were manumitted , and 1011 escaped . The number of emigrants from foreign countries during the 10 years was 1 , 542 , 850 . Among the individual states , the most populous are New York , which numbers 3 , 097 , 394 inhabitants ; Pennsylvania , 2 , 311 , 786 ; Ohio , 1 , 980 , 408 ; Virginia , 1 , 421 , 661 ; Massachusetts , 994 , 499 ; Indiana , 988 , 416 ; Kentucky , 982 , 405 ; Georgia , 905 , 999 . Taking the whole 31 states , the proportion of inhabitants is 15. 48 to the square mile : the free states comprise 13 , 605 , 630 , and the slave states , 9 , 491 , 759 of population . To supply this population , there are 2800 newspapers : 424 in the New England states ; 876 in the middle states ; 716 in the southern states ; and 784 in the western states . Three hundred and fifty are dailies , 150 three times a week , 125 twice a week , 2000 weekly , 50 fortnightly , 100 monthly , and 25 quarterly : the aggregate circulation being 422 , 600 , 000 yearly . There is 1 periodical for every 7161 free inhabitants . The capital invested in manufactures , excluding the establishments under 500 dollars of annual value , amounted to 530 , 000 , 000 dollars ; the value of raw material was 550 , 000 , 000 ; the amount paid for labour ( in one year we presume ) , 240 , 000 , 000 ; value of articles manufactured , 1 , 020 , 300 , 000 ; persons employed , 1 , 050 , 000 . There were 1094 cotton ‘ establishments ’ in operation , which produced 763 , 678 , 407 yards of sheeting ; 1559 woollen establishments , which produced 82 , 206 , 652 yards of cloth ; 2190 iron establishments , which produced 1 , 165 , 544 tons of iron of various kinds . Of improved lands , there were 112 , 042 , 000 acres ; of wheat , 104 , 799 , 230 bushels were grown in the last year ; 591 , 586 , 053 bushels of Indian corn ; 199 , 532 , 494 pounds of tobacco ; 13 , 605 , 384 tons of hay ; 32 , 759 , 263 pounds of maple-sugar were made ; 314 , 644 hogsheads of cane-sugar of 1000 pounds each ; 312 , 202 , 286 pounds of butter ; and 103 , 184 , 585 pounds of cheese . EFFECT OF THE EARTH 'S ROTATION ON LOCOMOTION . The following is from Herapath 's Journal on the effect of the earth 's rotation on locomotion : ‘ Mr Uriah Clarke , of Leicester , has called our attention to an article in the Mechanic 's Magazine , by himself , on the influence of the earth 's rotation on locomotion . It is well known , that as the earth revolves on its axis once in twenty-four hours , from west to east , the velocity of any point on its surface is greater nearer the equator , and less further from it , in the ratio of the cosine of the latitude . Mr Clarke says : “ Some rather important conclusions in relation to railway travelling arise out of the view now taken . The difference between the rotative velocity of the earth in surface-motion at London and at Liverpool is about twenty-eight miles per hour ; and this amount of lateral movement is to be gained or lost , as respects the locomotion in each journey , according to the direction we are travelling in from the one place to the other ; and in proportion to the speed will be the pressure against the side of the rails , which , at a high velocity , will give the engine a tendency to climb the right-hand rail in each direction . Could the journey be performed in two hours between London and Liverpool , this lateral movement , or rotative velocity of the locomotive , would have to be increased or diminished at the rate of nearly one-quarter of a mile per minute , and that entirely by side-pressure on the rail , which , if not sufficient to cause the engine to leave the line , would be quite sufficient to produce violent and dangerous oscillation . It may be observed , in conclusion , that as the cause above alluded to will be inoperative while we travel along the parallels of latitude , it clearly follows , that a higher degree of speed may be attained with safety on a railway running east and west than on one which runs north and south . ” There is no doubt of the tendency Mr Clarke speaks of on the right-hand rail , but we do not think it will be found to be so dangerous as he says . It will be greatest on the Great Northern and Berwick lines , and least on the Great Western . ’ FOREST SCENERY OF AMERICA . The forests between Lake Superior and the Mississippi , where the country is very flat and wet , are composed almost entirely of black cypress ; they grow so thick that the tops get intermixed and interlaced , and form almost a matting overhead , through which the sun scarcely ever penetrates . The trees are covered with unwholesome-looking mosses , which exhale a damp earthy smell , like a cellar . The ground is so covered with a rank growth of elder and other shrubs , many of them with thorns an inch long , and with fallen and decayed trunks of trees , that it is impossible to take a step without breaking one 's shins . Not a bird or animal of any kind is to be seen , and a deathlike silence reigns through the forest , which is only now and then interrupted by the rattle of the rattlesnake ( like a clock going down ) , and the chirrup of the chitnunck , or squirrel . The sombre colour of the foliage , the absence of all sun even at mid-day , and the vault-like chilliness one feels when entering a cypress swamp , is far from cheering ; and I do n't know any position so likely to give one the horrors as being lost in one , or where one could so well realise what a desolate loneliness is . The wasps , whose nests like great gourds hang from the trees about the level of one 's face ; the mosquitoes in millions ; the little black flies , and venomous snakes , all add their ‘ little possible ’ to render a tramp through a cypress swamp agreeable .— Sullivan 's Rambles . THE BETTER THOUGHT . The Better Thought ! how oft in days When youthful passion fired my breast , And drove me into devious ways , Didst thou my wandering steps arrest , And , whispering gently in mine ear Thine angel-message , fraught with love , Check for the time my mad career , And melt the heart naught else could move ! Thine was no stern and harsh rebuke ; No ‘ friend 's advice , ’ so true , so cold ; No message wise , such as in book , Or by the teacher oft is told , Which , like the pointless arrow , falls , And rings perhaps with hollow sound , But ne'er the wanderer recalls , And ne'er inflicts the healing wound . Thy voice was gentle , winning , mild ; Thy words told thou wert from above , Like those with which the wayward child Is wooed by a fond mother 's love ; Or like a strain of music stealing Across the calm and moonlit seas , Which moves the heart of sternest feeling , And wakes its deeper harmonies . Sweet was thy presence , welcomed guest ; And I , responsive to thy call , Arose , and felt within my breast A power that made the fetters fall From off my long enthrall è d soul , And woke , as with a magic spell , Griefs which yet owned the soft control Of hopes that all might still be well . But ah , thou wast an injured guest ! How soon departed , soon forgot , Were all the hopes of coming rest That clustered round the Better Thought — The tender griefs , the firm resolves , The yearnings after better days , Like transient sunlight which dissolves , And leaves no traces of its rays ! Yet I despair not — through the night That long has reigned with tyrant sway , E'en now I see the opening light , The harbinger of coming day ; To Heaven I now direct my prayer — O God of love , forsake me not ! Grant that my waywardness may ne'er Quench the returning Better Thought ! GARVALD . J. F . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL & CO ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .