CHAMBERS ’ EDINBURGH JOURNAL CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS , EDITORS OF ‘ CHAMBERS 'S INFORMATION FOR THE PEOPLE , ’ ‘ CHAMBERS 'S EDUCATIONAL COURSE , ’ & c . No . 447 . NEW SERIES . SATURDAY , JULY 24 , 1852 . PRICE 1-1 / 2d . THE MARTYR SEX . Ever since that unfortunate affair in which the mother of mankind was so prominently concerned , the female sex might say , with Shylock , ‘ Sufferance is the badge of all our tribe . ’ They are , in fact , an incarnation of the Passive Voice — no mistake about it . ‘ Ah , gentle dames , it gars me greet , ’ as Burns pathetically says , to think on all the hardships and oppressions which you have undergone throughout the course of history , political and domestic . It is most wonderful that you can bear up your heads at all in the world . Most assuredly it could not be done except under favour of some inherent principle of fortitude , quite beyond all that your associate , Man , has ever displayed . For this reason , I propose to fix upon you the honourable style and title of the Martyr Sex . As insanity is the more affecting when we observe its victim to be unconscious of the visitation , so does my heart bleed most particularly for the Martyr Sex , when I observe them undergoing severe oppressions without knowing it . So natural is suffering to the sex , or so accustomed are they to it , that they subject themselves spontaneously to enormous loads of trouble and torture , which no one would think of imposing upon them , and which they might easily avoid . It might almost be said , that suffering has a sort of fascination for them , drawing them placidly into it , whether they will or not . It seems in some mysterious way wrought up with their entire destiny . Hence , at no period of the history of the Sex , do we find them free from some form of amateur affliction . At one time , it is one part of their persons , at another time , another , which is subjected to voluntary distress — but always some part . Not that the shifting is , so far as can be seen , designed as a measure of relief ; it would rather appear the object simply is — to make every part bear its share in turn , and allow none to escape . Thus , about a hundred years ago , a lady went about with shoes that raised her heels three inches above the floor , and threw her whole person out of its proper balance , occasioning , of course , a severe strain upon certain muscles , attended by constant pain . A little later , her feet might have been found restored to their right level ; but , as if to make up for this , and allow no interval of misery , a tower of hair , pomatum , flour , pins , and pinners , had been reared on the head , such as an inquisitor might have considered himself very ingenious in devising , as a means of undoing the convictions of heretics , or bringing round a Jew to Christianity . Verily , it was a most portentous enginery for the affliction of female humanity ; but how heroically it was endured ! A whole generation bore it without a sigh ! It often cost them their night 's rest merely to get it properly put in order — for , dressing being in those days very elaborate , the attendants had to prepare some ladies one day for a party that was to take place the next . They would sit , however , in a chair all night , in order to preserve the structure in all its integrity , sleeping only by snatches , and often waking in terror lest something might be going wrong . Talk of the martyrs of science — Galileo in prison , Bruno at the stake . These men had something of importance in view to sustain them in their trials . Give me the Martyr Sex , who sacrifice ease and convenience , without having any adventitious principle whatever to compensate for and support them under their sufferings . In more recent times , we have seen the entire Sex submitting to torture in a middle ground — namely , the waist — with an equal degree of magnanimity . The corsets also formed an engine which would have perfectly fitted the purposes of the Inquisition ; indeed , there were some ingenious devices of the Holy Office which did not greatly differ from it . It might almost shake the common-sense of admiration for martyrial sufferings , to find that every little girl in England was for some years both able and willing to endure a regular torture , without apparently having the least idea of making any merit by her patience . Present pains , possible consequences — such as red noses , bad breath , permanent ill health , death itself — were made light of . There being no imaginable good end to be served by it , was nothing to the point . The corsets were , for a time , a proud symbol of the martyr power of the Sex . You would see an example set forth in each milliner 's window , carefully disposed under a glass-shade , as indicating the pride they felt in it as a sort of badge of honour . It is to be hoped that a few special copies will be preserved in our antiquarian museums , and , if possible , they should be such as can be certified to have killed their wearers , in order to shew to future generations what the women of our age could submit to in that particular line — not generally of course , for it is to be expected that the women of the future will have equal sufferings in some other walk to boast of . It is not always , indeed , that the Sex have a master torment , like tight stays , to endure ; but certainly they are never without some source of either anguish or inconvenience to keep their martyr power in exercise . For one thing , they are sadly afflicted with over-large shoes . Strange to say , though there are artists pretending to be ladies ’ shoemakers , the sex never get shoes sufficiently small . Every now and then , they are receiving some monstrous affront , in the form of a pair of shoes that might hold sufficient meal for a pudding besides their feet . From this cause flow certain pains and penalties in the form of corns and bunions , insuring that they shall never take a step in life without being reminded of the doom of suffering which has been passed upon them . To speak of the simple incommodations which they suffer from dress were endless . At one time , they are all blown out into sleeve , so that a miscellaneous dinner-party looks like a series of men and women with feather-beds stuck between each pair . At another time , the sleeve , while moderate in the region of the upper arm , is fashioned wide at the bottom , as if to allow of the fair wearers laughing in it — the joke , however , being all against themselves , seeing that the pendulous part is a source of continual trouble and worry , from its trailing through every sauce and tart that may be at table , till it becomes a kind of geological phenomenon , in the illustration which it affords of the succession of deposits and incrustations . Or the swelling falls mainly into a lower part of the dress , taking the form of a monstrous prolongation of skirts , and insuring that the fair Martyrs shall act as scavengers upon every street in which they promenade . I hardly know a more interesting sight than that of a young lady going to school on a wet day , with books to carry in one hand , and an umbrella to sustain in the other . To see the struggles she makes in such circumstances to keep her skirts from dragging in the mud , or the patience with which she submits to their unavoidably doing so , and to think of the sad condition of her lower extremities all the time — to reflect , moreover , that all this trouble and suffering could be avoided by merely having skirts of a sufficient , but not over-sufficient length — presents such an affecting picture of evils voluntarily encountered and heroically sustained , as but rarely occurs in the course of human life . It is justly held as a strong proof of patience , that you should calmly submit to be spat upon , or have mud thrown upon you by some infuriated crowd ; but here is a gentle creature who literally goes out every day to endure the certain contact of these nuisances , and comes home to dinner not in much better plight than one who has sat ( unpopularly ) in the pillory for an hour . I really must give such martyrdom the meed of my admiration ; and the more so , that I feel myself , under the hardening effects of worldly common-sense , totally unprepared to go through such hardships without some useful end to be served by it . The last example of what may be called the Martyrdom of Inconvenience which the Sex have shewn , is to be found in a form of bonnet adapted for summer wear , in which the front comes only to about an inch behind the forehead , so as to leave the face fully exposed to the attacks of the sun ( when there is one ) and the unmitigated gaze of the beaux . There is something very remarkable in this fashion , for a great number of ladies find it absolutely indispensable to add to this abbreviation of a bonnet a sort of supplement of silk called an ugly , wherewith to screen the face from becoming an absolute photograph . A couple of inches added to the bonnet itself would serve the end ; but this would give a regular and not inelegant protection . It would , therefore , entirely prevent inconvenience , and so thwart the Sex in their martyrial propensities . Such a thing is not to be thought of . On the contrary , either to suffer from sunlight without an ugly , or to suffer from clumsiness with one , enables the unfortunate Sex to indulge in its favourite passion to the fullest extent possible in such cases . Admirable portion of creation ! what merits are yours , what praise is called for fully to requite you ! But , indeed , it must be quite impossible ever to make sufficient acknowledgment of that wonderful power of endurance for its own sake which you shew in the most trivial , as in the most important phases of life ! I therefore quit the subject with a humiliating sense of my utter incompetency to do it entire justice . I weep and wonder — my very soul thrills with the pathos of woman 's martyr position on the earth and her volunteer sufferings above all . But I would vainly attempt to utter all I feel . I must leave it to each bearded fellow-creature , as he walks through the wilderness of this world , to behold with a sympathising eye and spirit an endurance so affecting , and endeavour to compensate it , to the individual sufferers within his reach , by every consolation and every reward he may have it in his power to bestow . THE YOUNGEST BRITISH COLONY . Which is the youngest British colony ? Simple as the question seems , it may be doubted , considering the remarkable increase of late years in the number of John Bull 's colonial progeny , whether the most experienced red-tapist of Downing Street could answer it without some hesitation . At least a dozen infant communities occur at once to the recollection . There is Port Philip , lately rechristened by the royal name of Victoria , and now seemingly in a fair way to be smothered in its cradle by a deluge of gold-dust . There is the Hudson 's Bay Company 's little Cinderella of Vancouver 's Island , with its neglected coal-mines , and other mineral riches . Then we have the precocious ‘ Canterbury ’ pet , the ‘ young Virginia ’ of New Zealand . Nor must we forget the storm-vexed colony of Labuan , ushered into existence amid typhoons and parliamentary debates — nor the small castaways , growing up in secluded islets and corners — in the Falkland Islands , the Auckland Islands , on the Mosquito Shore , and in the far Eastern Seas . It is in one of these directions that most persons would probably be inclined to cast an inquiring glance before attempting to answer the question with which these remarks are prefaced . It is not likely that many would at once be able to recall to mind the fact , that an important British colony , dating its official existence from the 22d of March 1851 , has suddenly sprung up in the interior of Africa — a colony already possessing an efficient legislature , a handsome revenue , and several flourishing towns , with churches , schools , a respectable press , and other adjuncts , of civilisation . A brief description of this remarkable colony may serve to awaken for it an interest which its future progress , if at all corresponding with the past , will probably keep alive . There is some difficulty in describing the ‘ Orange River Sovereignty ’ — for such is the long and rather awkward name by which this settlement is now known — so as to convey a correct idea of its situation without the aid of a map . That the Cape Colony occupies the southern coast of the African continent , and that the colony of Natal is on the south-eastern coast , are facts of which few readers will need to be reminded . Will it , then , be sufficient to say , that the ‘ sovereignty ’ in question is situated in the interior , between these two colonies , having the Cape on the south , and Natal on the east ? It will be necessary to refer briefly to the manner in which it acquired its rank as a colony , and its peculiar name . Just two hundred years ago , in the year 1652 , the Cape Colony was founded by the Dutch ; and about fifty years ago , it came into the possession of our own government . During these two centuries , the colony has been constantly extending itself towards the east and north , just as the British settlements in North America , which were founded about the same time , have been ever since extending their borders towards the west and south , or as the settlements of Eastern Australia have been spreading to the west , south , and north . It is a natural movement of colonisation , and there seems to be no means of checking it , even if any advantage were to be gained by doing so . As the American backwoodsmen , in their progress westward , reached at last the boundary-streams — as they were once considered — of the Mississippi and the Ohio , so the South-African colonists gradually found their way to the great Orange River , which , flowing nearly across the continent , from east to west , formed a sort of natural limit to the old colony . But beyond this boundary , extensive plains and undulating downs , covered with nutritious herbage like the American prairies , spread out invitingly towards the distant northern horizon . The exterminating wars among the native tribes had left these grassy plains almost wholly unoccupied . You might travel over them for days without meeting a human being , or any traces of human possession , except here and there the decaying huts and bleaching skeletons of the former inhabitants . The feeble remnants of these tribes had sought refuge in the recesses of the neighbouring mountains , where some of them , in their dire extremity , sustained a horrid existence by cannibalism , which revolting custom still further diminished their numbers , and has only recently been suppressed . The Cape ‘ boers , ’ or farmers , rich as the patriarchs of old in cattle and sheep , and straitened like them for pasture , gradually found their way over the river into these fruitful and vacant plains . At first , they crossed only in small numbers , and with no intention of remaining permanently . But the abolition of slavery , the mismanaged Caffre wars , and some unpopular measures of the Cape government , suddenly gave a great impulse to the emigration . About fifteen years ago , some thousands of Dutch colonists sold their farms , packed their household gear in their huge capacious wagons , and with their wives and children — in all , at least 10 , 000 souls — accompanied by myriads of cattle , sheep , and horses , crossed the Orange River , and plunged into the vast wilderness beyond . Some spread themselves over the rich pastures in the country lying immediately north of that river , and now forming the infant colony which is presently to be described . Others penetrated far to the north , forded the Vaal or Yellow River , and planted corn-fields and vineyards on the fertile slopes of the Kashan Mountains , where they still maintain themselves as a self-governed and thriving community . One small band of bold adventurers found their way to the verdant but fever-haunted plains about Delagoa Bay , whence the few survivors were presently driven by the destructive ravages of the pestilence . But the main column of the emigrants , turning to the right , crossed the lofty chain of the Drakenberg — the ‘ Rocky Mountains ’ of Africa — and descended into the well-watered valleys and woody lowlands of Natal . The romantic but melancholy story of the sufferings , the labours , the triumphs , and the reverses which filled up the subsequent years — how some of the emigrants were surprised and massacred by the jealous tribes of the interior , and others were treacherously slaughtered by their professed ally , the blood-thirsty chief of the Zulus — and how the exasperated survivors turned upon their assailants , broke their power , and scattered them ; how they planted towns , formed a regular government , and set up an independent republic ; all these , and many similar events , must be left for the future historians of South Africa to record . Neither is it necessary to refer here to the policy which led our government afterwards to extend its authority over the lands thus conquered and settled by the emigrants , or to the manner in which this authority , at first resisted , was finally established . Natal was thus made a British province in 1842 . Many of the boors , naturally enough disliking the new government thus forced upon them , retraced their course over the Drakenberg , back into the upland plains of the interior . Here they were left pretty much to themselves , until the year 1848 , when Sir Harry Smith proclaimed the extension of the Queen 's supremacy over the whole of the territory situated between the Orange and Vaal Rivers ; but , as has been already said , it was not until March of last year that this acquisition was finally sanctioned , and the new colony established by an act of the imperial government . The Vaal River — sometimes called the Nu Gariep , and sometimes the Yellow River — is the principal tributary of the Orange River ; indeed , it is so large an affluent , that some geographers have doubted , as in the case of the Mississippi and the Missouri , which should properly be considered the main stream . These rivers , the Orange and the Vaal , rising near together in the Drakenberg chain , take a wide circuit , the one to the south-west , the other to the north-west , and flow each a distance of about 400 miles before their junction . The territory which they thus enclose is nearly as large as England , comprising between 40 , 000 and 50 , 000 square miles . It is inhabited by about 80 , 000 natives , of various Bechuana , Namaqua , and half-caste tribes , and by some 15 , 000 or 20 , 000 colonists of European origin . Over all these inhabitants , colonists and natives , the British sovereignty has been proclaimed . Subject to this supremacy , the native chiefs and tribes are still left to manage their own affairs , according to their original laws and customs . But in order to indicate clearly and decisively the fact , that the royal authority is now paramount in this region whenever Her Majesty 's government chooses to exert it , the name of the Orange River Sovereignty has been given to the whole territory . The portion of this territory which is properly a British settlement — or , in other words , which is inhabited by Dutch and English colonists , is in extent about two-thirds of the whole . It is subdivided into four districts , for each of which a stipendiary magistrate has been appointed . These magistrates , with eight unofficial members of council — who are all respectable landowners — form , in conjunction with the ‘ British resident , ’ the legislature of the colony . The title of the Resident is borrowed from the official system of India , and was originally given to him when acting as a government commissioner for the protection of the native tribes ; but his office is at present simply that of a colonial governor . The extensive country which is thus governed , cannot be better described than in the words of Sir Harry Smith , who , in a dispatch written in January 1848 , gives the following account of the whole region , which he had just traversed , on his way from the Cape to Natal . He describes it as ‘ a country well fitted for the pasturage of cattle , and covered in every direction with large game . It is , ’ he adds , ‘ strongly undulating ; and although badly watered , well adapted for the construction of dams ; and , the soil being generally rich , it is capable , if irrigated , of producing every species of grain . It is miserably destitute of trees , frequently even of bush , and is thickly studded with abrupt and isolated hills , whose height frequently approaches that of mountains . Over the greater part of this tract of country , not a single native is to be seen ; nor for many years , if ever , has it been inhabited by one . The gardens of the emigrants ( boers ) are in many places very good ; their houses miserable , as they have been deterred from exhausting their little remaining capital by building on a doubtful and precarious tenure . That objection to the increase of their comfort , if the word be applicable , will now , I trust , be happily removed . ’ The absence of trees , of which Sir Harry speaks , is believed to have originated from the same cause which occasions a similar want in the prairies of America — that is , the native custom of burning down the grass every winter , to fertilise the soil . Where trees have been planted recently , they have grown well . The apple , pear , peach , and other fruit-trees of temperate climates , are found to thrive and produce abundantly . The whole country , it should be added , is a great plateau , elevated 2000 or 3000 feet above the level of the sea . The climate is , therefore , cooler than in Natal , which is situated in the same latitude , but at a lower elevation . It was not till Sir Harry Smith had thus proclaimed the royal supremacy , in 1848 , that English colonists began to establish themselves in any considerable numbers in the country . But they then soon found their way thither , principally as traders , and settled in the new towns which quickly sprang up in the several districts . Bloem Fontein , the capital , is now almost wholly an English town . It has its municipality ; its weekly newspaper — printed in English and Dutch ; its English and ‘ Dutch Reformed ’ churches , and Wesleyan Chapel ; its government school ; its market ; and various other appurtenances of a flourishing town , all of which have come into existence since Sir Harry Smith made his flying visit to the province in 1848 , and proclaimed it subject to Her Majesty 's supremacy . Such magic resides in a British governor 's proclamation ! But the growth of Bloem Fontein , rapid as it has been , is not so striking as that of another town . There is a well-known story of a traveller , in a newly-settled part of North America , inquiring his way at a lonely hut to a ‘ city ’ which made a conspicuous figure in some land-speculator 's map , and receiving the startling information , that he was then standing in the principal square . An adventure of much the same nature befell a traveller in South Africa , who , in February 1850 , attempted , while on his way from Bloem Fontein to Natal , to discover the newly-founded town of Harrismith . ‘ At length , ’ he writes , ‘ having reached the eastern side of the mountain , I halted , and determined to go in search of this new-born town — a future city in our vast empire . Taking my attendant , Andries , with me , we proceeded to an elevation , where I felt sure it must come into view . We were disappointed . Not a spire , nor chimney , nor hut could be seen ; and so we walked on towards another elevation . On our way , we came to an emigrant settler , busily employed in brick-making ; and from him I learned that we had taken the left-hand road instead of the right , after we passed the last stream . We were about a mile from the spot marked out as the town , but no houses are built , nor are any persons residing there ; so I did not deem it worth while to proceed further in that direction . ’ In May of the same year , ‘ two or three houses ’ are reported to have been built ; in 1851 , they are springing up rapidly ; and at the latest date , the 9th of last January , we hear of an actual flourishing little town , with school-house , flour-mill , and bustling and increasing trade . The progressing town , however , had its difficulties , both physical and political , to contend with . The correspondent has to report , that ‘ the postal arrangements still continue unsatisfactory and vexatious , no post having been received from Bloem Fontein for the last two months ; and , ’ he indignantly adds , ‘ to make matters worse , the late magistrate 's clerk and postmaster has resigned , owing to grave charges having been preferred against him by a party faction who would rule public opinion . ’ But he consoles himself with the judicious reflection , that ‘ time and imported respectable intelligence will remedy this unhappy state of things , in the changes which small communities undergo . ’ It is satisfactory to learn , that in spite of the machinations of faction , the citizens managed to enjoy themselves when a suitable occasion offered . ‘ New-Year 's Day , ’ we are told , ‘ was celebrated with more than ordinary spirit . A shooting-match took place , after which a public supper and quadrille-party came off ; which finished the pleasures of the day . The next day , lovers of the turf had their enjoyment in the establishment of races . ’ And then we have , duly recorded in the well-known Racing-Calendar style , the fortunes of the competitors , for the ‘ Untried ’ Cup , the ‘ Harrismith Plate , ’ the ‘ Ladies ’ Purse , ’ and the ‘ Hack-Race ’ and it is stated that ‘ one of the horses was sold immediately after the races for L. 40 , ’ which would seem to be considered a high figure in that region . It is further announced , ‘ that another year will probably see the establishment of a fair , which will give our interior farmers and friends an opportunity of rendering a journey to Harrismith both profitable and pleasurable , as such an occasion will doubtless attract buyers of cattle , horses , sheep , wool , butter , tallow , grain , & c ., from Natal . ’ And the correspondent is ‘ happy to state , that several farmers are settling upon their farms in the neighbourhood of the town , which will tend to give confidence , and increase the value of land in its vicinity . ’ Thus , in less than two years , a real , bustling , hopeful little town had sprung into existence , with all the genuine characteristics of an English community . Education and trade , races and quadrilles , were already flourishing . The well-known political parties , the Buffs and the Blues , the foes of corruption and the friends of established institutions , were already arraying themselves in hostile ranks . In two years more , we may expect to receive the first numbers of the Harrismith Gazette and the Harrismith Independent , the ‘ organs ’ of the respective parties ; and to learn through their valuable columns , that the ‘ Harrismith Agricultural and Commercial Bank ’ has declared its first annual dividend of 10 per cent ., and that the new ‘ Harrismith Assembly-Rooms ’ were thrown open , on the auspicious anniversary of the royal birthday , to a large and select assemblage of the rank , fashion , and beauty of the city and its neighbourhood . The writer from whose letter some of the foregoing quotations are made , strongly recommends that the government should offer ‘ unstinted encouragement and liberal assistance ’ to promote emigration from Great Britain ; and considers that , if this were done , ‘ thousands of hardy English and Scotch farmers would avail themselves of the advantages which the country offers . ’ This is possible ; but at the same time , it should be known , that the excitement among the native tribes , caused by the war in Caffreland , had extended across the Orange River into the sovereignty , and that much confusion , and , unfortunately , some bloodshed , had ensued . These disorders , it is true , were only local ; but it is evident that the neighbourhood of some 80 , 000 barbarians must , for some time to come , be a source of considerable embarrassment and danger to all settlers in the new colony . In time , no doubt , with the progress of civilisation , this danger will be removed ; and the natives may become , as in New Zealand , a source of wealth to the colony , as useful labourers — like the ‘ skipping Caffres ’ under the brickmaker 's instructions , or peaceful cultivators of the soil . At present , however , the peril from this source is so evident and so serious , that a warning reference to it could not with propriety be omitted in any description of this otherwise promising settlement . THE SECRET . Jean Baptiste V é ron , a native , it was understood , of the south of France , established himself as a merchant at Havre-de-Gr â ce in 1788 , being then a widower with one child , a young boy . The new-comer 's place of business was on the south quay , about a hundred yards west of the custom-house . He had brought letters of high recommendation from several eminent Paris firms ; his capital was ascertained to be large ; and soon , moreover , approving him self to be a man of keen mercantile discernment , and measured , peremptory , unswerving business habits , it is not surprising that his commercial transactions speedily took a wide range , or that , at the end of about fifteen years , M. V é ron was pronounced by general consent to be the wealthiest merchant of the commercial capital of northern France . He was never , albeit , much of a favourite with any class of society : his manner was too brusque , decided , unbending — his speech too curt , frequently too bitter , for that ; but he managed to steer his course in very difficult times quite as safely as those who put themselves to great pains and charges to obtain popularity . He never expressed — publicly at least — any preference for Royalism , Republicanism , or Imperialism ; for fleur-de-lis , bonnet-rouge , or tricolore : in short , Jean Baptiste V é ron was a stern , taciturn , self-absorbed man of business ; and as nothing else was universally concluded , till the installation of a quasi legitimacy by Napoleon Bonaparte , when a circumstance , slight in itself , gave a clearer significance to the cold , haughty , repellent expression which played habitually about the merchant 's gray , deep-set eyes , and thin , firmly-compressed lips . His newly-engraved private card read thus :— ‘ J . B. de V é ron , Mon S é jour , Ingouville . ’ Mon S é jour was a charming suburban domicile , situate upon the C ô te , as it is usually termed-a sloping eminence on the north of Le Havre , which it commands , and now dotted with similar residences , but at the period we are writing of , very sparsely built upon . Not long after this assumption of the aristocratic prefix to his name , it was discovered that he had insinuated himself into the very narrow and exclusive circle of the De M é rodes , who were an unquestionable fragment of the old noblesse , damaged , it is true , almost irretrievably in purse , as their modest establishment on the C ô te too plainly testified ; but in pedigree as untainted and resplendent as in the palmiest days of the Capets . As the Chevalier de M é rode and his daughter Mademoiselle Henriette-Delphine-Hortense-Marie-Chasse-Loup de M é rode — described as a tall , fair , and extremely meagre damsel , of about thirty years of age — were known to be rigidly uncompromising in all matters having reference to ancestry , it was concluded that Jean Baptiste do V é ron had been able to satisfy his noble friends , that although de facto a merchant from the sad necessities of the evil time , he was de jure entitled to take rank and precedence with the illustrious though decayed nobility of France . It might be , too , as envious gossips whispered , that any slight flaw or break in the chain of De V é ron 's patrician descent , had been concealed or overlooked in the glitter of his wealth , more especially if it was true , as rumour presently began to circulate , that the immense sum — in French eyes and ears — of 300 , 000 francs ( L. 12 , 000 ) was to be settled upon Mademoiselle de M é rode and her heirs on the day which should see her united in holy wedlock with Eug è ne de V é ron , by this time a fine-looking young man , of one or two-and-twenty , and , like ninety-nine in every hundred of the youth of France , strongly prejudiced against the pretensions of mere birth and hereditary distinction . Rumour in this instance was correctly informed . ‘ Eug è ne , ’ said M. de V é ron , addressing his son in his usual cold positive manner , and at the same time locking his private é critoire , the hand of the clock being just on the stroke of five , the hour for closing — ‘ I have a matter of importance to inform you of . All differences between me and the Chevalier de M é rode relative to your marriage with his daughter , Mademoiselle de M é rode , are ’ —— ‘ Hein ! ’ ejaculated Eug è ne , suddenly whirling round upon his stool , and confronting his father . ‘ Hein ! ’ ‘ All differences , I say , ’ resumed M. de V é ron with unruffled calm and decision , ‘ between myself and the chevalier are arranged à l'aimable ; and the contract of marriage will be ready , for your and Mademoiselle de M é rode 's signature , on Monday next at two precisely . ’ ‘ Mine and Mademoiselle de M é rode 's ! ’ repeated the astounded son , who seemed half doubtful whether he saw or heard aright . ‘ Yes . No wonder you are surprised . So distinguished a connection could hardly , under the circumstances , have been hoped for ; and it would have been cruel to have given you any intimation on the subject whilst there was a chance of the negotiation issuing unfavourably . Your wife and you will , for the present , at all events , take up your abode at Mon S é jour ; and I must consequently look out at once for a smaller , a more bachelor-suiting residence . ’ ‘ My wife and me ! ’ echoed V é ron junior with the same air of stupid amazement as before — ‘ My wife and me ! ’ Recovering a little , he added : ‘ Confound it , there must be some mistake here . Do you know , mon p è re , that this Mademoiselle de M é rode is not at all to my taste ? I would as soon marry ’ —— ‘ No folly , Eug è ne , if you please , ’ interrupted M. de V é ron . ‘ The affair , as I have told you , is decided . You will marry Mademoiselle de M é rode ; or if not , he added with iron inflexibility of tone and manner — ‘ Eug è ne de V é ron is likely to benefit very little by his father 's wealth , which the said Eug è ne will do well to remember is of a kind not very difficult of transference beyond the range of the law of inheritance which prevails in France . The leprosy of the Revolution , ’ continued M. de V é ron as he rose and put on his hat , ‘ may indeed be said to have polluted our very hearths , when we find children setting up their opinions , and likings and dislikings , forsooth ! against their fathers ’ decision , in a matter so entirely within the parental jurisdiction as that of a son or daughter 's marriage . ’ Eug è ne did not reply ; and after assisting his father — who limped a little in consequence of having severely sprained his ankle some eight or ten days previously — to a light one-horse carriage in waiting outside , he returned to the office , and resumed his seat , still in a maze of confusion , doubt , and dismay . ‘ How could , ’ he incoherently muttered — ‘ how could my father — how could anybody suppose that —— How could he especially be so blind as not to have long ago perceived —— What a contrast ! ’ added Eug è ne de V é ron jumping up , breaking into passionate speech , and his eyes sparkling as if he was actually in presence of the dark-eyed divinity whose image filled his brain and loosed his tongue — ‘ what a contrast ! Ad é line , young , roseate , beautiful as Spring , lustrous as Juno , graceful as Hebe ! Oh , par exemple , Mademoiselle de M é rode , you , with your high blood and skinny bones , must excuse me . And poor , too , poor as Ad é line ! Decidedly , the old gentleman must be crazed , and — and let me see —— Ay , to be sure , I must confer with Edouard at once . ’ Eug è ne de V é ron had only one flight of stairs to ascend in order to obtain this conference , Edouard le Blanc , the brother of Ad é line , being a principal clerk in the establishment . Edouard le Blanc readily and sincerely condoled with his friend upon the sudden obscuration of his and Ad é line 's hopes , adding that he had always felt a strong misgiving upon the subject ; and after a lugubrious dialogue , during which the clerk hinted nervously at a circumstance which , looking at the unpleasant turn matters were taking , might prove of terrible import — a nervousness but very partially relieved by Eug è ne 's assurance , that , come what may , he would take the responsibility in that particular entirely upon himself , as , indeed , he was bound to do — the friends left the office , and wended their way to Madame le Blanc 's , Ingouville . There the lover forgot , in Ad é line 's gay exhilarating presence and conversation , the recent ominous and exasperating communication from his father ; while Edouard proceeded to take immediate counsel with his mother upon the altered aspect of affairs , not only as regarded Ad é line and Eug è ne de V é ron , but more particularly himself , Edouard le Blanc . Ten minutes had hardly passed by ordinary reckoning — barely one by Eug è ne de V é ron 's — when his interview with the charming Ad é line was rudely broken in upon by Madame le Blanc , a shrewd , prudent woman of the world , albeit that in this affair she had somewhat lost her balance , tempted by the glittering prize offered for her daughter 's acceptance , and for a time apparently within her reach . The mother 's tone and manner were stern and peremptory . ‘ Have the kindness , Monsieur Eug è ne de V é ron , to bid Ad é line adieu at once . I have a serious matter to talk over with you alone . Come ! ’ Ad é line was extremely startled at hearing her rich lover thus addressed , and the carnation of her glowing cheeks faded at once to lily paleness , whilst Eug è ne 's features flushed as quickly to deepest crimson . He stammered out his willingness to attend madame immediately , and hastily kissing Ad é line 's hand , followed the unwelcome intruder to another room . ‘ So , Monsieur Eug è ne , ’ began Madame le Blanc , ‘ this ridiculous wooing — of which , as you know , I never heartily approved — is at an end . You are , I hear , to marry Mademoiselle de M é rode in the early part of next week . ’ ‘ Madame le Blanc , ’ exclaimed the young man , ‘ what is it you are saying ? I marry Mademoiselle de M é rode next or any other week ! I swear to you , by all that is true and sacred , that I will be torn in pieces by wild horses before I break faith with ’ —— ‘ Chut ! chut ! ’ interrupted Madame Le Blanc ; ‘ you may spare your oaths . The sentimental bavardage of boys in love will be lost upon me . You will , as you ought , espouse Mademoiselle de M é rode , who is , I am told , a very superior and amiable person ; and as to Ad é line , she will console herself . A girl with her advantages will always be able to marry sufficiently well , though not into the family of a millionaire . But my present business with you , Monsieur Eug è ne de V é ron , relates to a different and much more important matter . Edouard has just confided to me a very painful circumstance . You have induced him to commit not only a weak but a highly criminal act : he has let you have , without Monsieur de V é ron 's consent or knowledge , two thousand francs , upon the assurance that you would either reimburse that sum before his accounts were balanced , or arrange the matter satisfactorily with your father . ’ ‘ But , Madame le Blanc ’ —— ‘ Neither of which alternatives , ’ persisted that lady , ‘ I very plainly perceive , you will be able to fulfil , unless you comply with Monsieur de V é ron 's wishes ; and if you have any real regard for Ad é line , you will signify that acquiescence without delay , for her brother 's ruin would in a moral sense be hers also . Part of the money has , I understand , been squandered on the presents you have made her : they shall be returned ’ —— ‘ Madame le Blanc , ’ exclaimed the excited young man , ‘ you will drive me mad ! I cannot , will not give up Ad é line ; and as for the paltry sum of money you speak of — my money as it may fairly be considered-that shall be returned to-morrow morning . ’ Madame le Blanc did not speak for a few seconds , and then said : ‘ Very well , mind you keep your promise . To-morrow is , you are aware , the F ê te Dieu : we have promised Madame Carson of the Grande Rue to pass the afternoon and evening at her house , where we shall have a good view of the procession . Do you and Edouard call on us there , as soon as the affair is arranged . I will not detain you longer at present . Adieu ! Stay , stay — by this door , if you please . I cannot permit you to see Ad é line again , at all events till this money transaction is definitively settled . ’ ‘ As you have now slept upon the proposal I communicated to you yesterday afternoon , ’ said M. de V é ron , addressing his son on the following morning at the conclusion of a silent breakfast — ‘ you may perhaps be prepared with a more fitting answer than you were then ? ’ Eug è ne warmly protested his anxiety to obey all his father 's reasonable commands ; but in this case compliance was simply impossible , forasmuch as he , Eug è ne , had already irrevocably pledged his word , his heart , his honour , in another quarter , and could not , therefore , nay , would not , consent to poison his future existence by uniting himself with Mademoiselle de M é rode , for whom , indeed , he felt the profoundest esteem , but not the slightest emotion of affection or regard . ‘ Your word , your honour , your heart — you should have added your fortune , ’ replied M. de V é ron with frigid , slowly-distilled , sarcastic bitterness — ‘ are irrevocably engaged , are they , to Ad é line le Blanc , sister of my collecting clerk — daughter of a deceased sous-lieutenant of the line ’ —— ‘ Of the Imperial Guard , ’ interposed Eug è ne . ‘ Who aids her mother to eke out a scanty pension by embroidery ’ —— ‘ Very superior , artistic embroidery , ’ again interjected the son . ‘ Be it so . I have not been quite so unobservant , Eug è ne , of certain incidents , as you and your friends appear to have supposed . But time proves all things , and the De M é rodes and I can wait . ’ Nothing further passed till M. de V é ron rose to leave the room , when his son , with heightened colour and trembling speech , although especially aiming at a careless indifference of tone and manner , said : Sir — sir — one word , if you please . I have a slight favour to ask . There are a few debts , to the amount of about two thousand francs , which I wish to discharge immediately — this morning , in fact . ’ ‘ Debts to the amount of about two thousand francs , which you wish to discharge immediately — this morning , in fact , ’ slowly repeated De V é ron , fixing on his son a triumphant , mocking glance , admirably seconded by the curve of his thin white lips . ‘ Well , let the bills be sent to me . If correct and fair , they shall be paid . ’ ‘ But — but , father , one , the chief item , is a debt of honour ! ’ ‘ Indeed ! Then your honour is pledged to others besides Mademoiselle la brodeuse ? I have only to say , that in that case I will not assist you . ’ Having said this , M. de V é ron , quite regardless of his son 's angry expostulations , limped out of the apartment , and shortly after , the sound of carriage-wheels announced his departure to Le Havre . Eug è ne , about an hour afterwards followed , vainly striving to calm his apprehensions by the hope , that before the day for balancing Edouard 's accounts arrived , he should find his father in a more Christian-like and generous mood , or , at any rate , hit upon some means of raising the money . The day , like the gorgeous procession that swept through the crowded streets , passed slowly and uninterruptedly away in M. de V é ron 's place of business , till about half-past four , when that gentleman directed a porter , who was leaving the private office , to inform M. le Blanc , that he , M. de V é ron , wished to speak with him immediately . On hearing this order , Eug è ne looked quickly up from the desk at which he was engaged , to his father 's face ; but he discerned nothing on that impassive tablet either to dissipate or confirm his fear . ‘ Edouard le Blanc , ’ said M. de V é ron with mild suavity of voice the instant the summoned clerk presented himself , ‘ it so chances that I have no further occasion for your services ’ —— Sir !— sir ! ’ gasped the terrified young man . ‘ You are , ’ continued M. de V é ron , ‘ entitled to a month 's salary , in lieu of that period of notice — one hundred francs , with which you may credit yourself in the cash account you will please to balance and bring me as quickly as possible . ’ ‘ Sir !— sir ! ’ again bewilderedly iterated the panic-stricken clerk , as he turned distractedly from father to son — ‘ Sir ! ’ ‘ My words are plain enough , I think , ’ observed M. de V é ron , coolly tapping and opening his snuff-box from which he helped himself to a hearty pinch . ‘ You are discharged with one hundred francs , a month 's salary in lieu of warning , in your pocket . You have now only to bring your accounts ; they are correct , of course ; I , finding them so , sign your livret , and there is an end of the matter . ’ Edouard le Blanc made a step or two towards the door , and then , as if overwhelmed with a sense of the hopelessness of further concealment , turned round , threw himself with a cry of terror and despair at M. de V é ron 's feet , and poured forth a wild , sobbing , scarcely intelligible confession of the fault or crime of which he had been guilty , through the solicitations of M. Eug è ne , who had , he averred , received every farthing of the amount in which he , Edouard le Blanc , acknowledged himself to be a defaulter . ‘ Yes !— yes ! ’ exclaimed the son ; ‘ Edouard gave the money into my hands , and if there is any blame , it is mine alone . ’ M. de V é ron listened with a stolid , stony apathy to all this , save for a slight glimmer of triumph that , spite of himself , shone out at the corners of his half-closed eyes . When the young man had ceased sobbing and exclaiming , he said : ‘ You admit , Edouard le Blanc , that you have robbed me of nearly two thousand francs , at , you say , the solicitation of my son — an excuse , you must be aware , of not the slightest legal weight ; no more than if your pretty sister , Mademoiselle Ad é line , who , I must be permitted to observe , is not altogether , I suspect , a stranger to this affair —— Hear me out , Messieurs , if you please : I say your excuse has no more legal validity , than if your sister had counselled you to commit this felony . Now , mark me , young man : it is just upon five o'clock . At half-past seven precisely , I shall go before a magistrate , and cause a warrant to be issued for your apprehension . To-morrow morning , consequently , the brother of Mademoiselle le Blanc will either be an incarcerated felon , or , which will suit me just as well , a proclaimed fugitive from justice . ’ ‘ One moment — one word , for the love of Heaven , before you go ! ’ exclaimed Eug è ne . ‘ Is there any mode , any means whereby Edouard may be rescued from this frightful , this unmerited calamity — this irretrievable ruin ? ’ ‘ Yes , ’ rejoined M. de V é ron , pausing for an instant on the outer threshold , ‘ there is one mode , Eug è ne , and only one . What it is , you do not require to be told . I shall dine in town to-day ; at seven , I shall look in at the church of Notre Dame , and remain there precisely twenty minutes . After that , repentance will be too late . ’ Eug è ne was in despair , for it was quite clear that Ad é line must be given up — Ad é line , whose myriad charms and graces rose upon his imagination in tenfold greater lustre than before , now that he was about to lose her for ever ! But there was plainly no help for it ; and after a brief , agitated consultation , the young men left the office to join Madame and Mademoiselle le Blanc at the Widow Carson 's , in the Grande Rue , or Rue de Paris , as the only decent street in Havre-de-Gr â ce was at that time indifferently named , both for the purpose of communicating the untoward state of affairs , and that Eug è ne might take a lingering , last farewell of Ad é line . Before accompanying them thither , it is necessary to say a few words of this Madame Carson , who is about to play a very singular part in this little drama . She was a gay , well-looking , symmetrically-shaped young widow , who kept a confectioner 's shop in the said Grande Rue , and officiated as her own dame du comptoir . Her good-looks , coquettishly-gracious smiles , and unvarying good temper , rendered her establishment much more attractive — it was by no means a brilliant affair in itself — than it would otherwise have been . Madame Carson was , in a tacit , quiet kind of way , engaged to Edouard le Blanc — that is to say , she intended marrying him as soon as their mutual savings should justify such a step ; and provided , also , that no more eligible offer wooed her acceptance in the meantime . M. de V é ron himself was frequently in the habit of calling , on his way to or from Mon S é jour , for a p â t é and a little lively badinage with the comely widow ; and so frequently , at one time , that Edouard le Blanc was half-inclined — to Madame Carson 's infinite amusement — to be jealous of the rich , though elderly merchant 's formal and elaborate courtesies . It was on leaving her shop that he had slipped and sprained his ankle . M. de V é ron fainted with the extreme pain , was carried in that state into the little parlour behind the shop , and had not yet recovered consciousness when the apothecary , whom Madame Carson had despatched her little waiting-maid-of-all-work in quest of , entered to tender his assistance . This is all , I think , that needs be said , in a preliminary way , of Madame Carson . Of course , the tidings brought by Eug è ne and Edouard very painfully affected Mademoiselle le Blanc ; but being a very sensible , as well as remarkably handsome young person , she soon rallied , and insisted , quite as warmly as her mother did , that the sacrifice necessary to relieve Edouard from the peril which environed him — painful , heartbreaking as that sacrifice might be — must be submitted to without reserve or delay . In other words , that M. de V é ron , junior , must consent to espouse Mademoiselle de M é rode , and forthwith inform his father that he was ready to sign the nuptial-contract that moment if necessary . Poor Eug è ne , who was really over head and ears in love , and more so just then than ever , piteously lamented his own cruel fate , and passionately denounced the tiger-heartedness of his barbarian father ; but as tears and reproaches could avail nothing in such a strait , he finally submitted to the general award , and agreed to announce his submission to M. de V é ron at the church of Notre Dame , not a moment later , both ladies insisted , than five minutes past seven . Madame Carson was not at home all this while . She had gone to church , and after devotions , called on her way back on one or two friends for a little gossip , so that it wanted only about a quarter to seven when she reappeared . Of course the lamentable story had to be told over again , with all its dismal accompaniments of tears , sighs , and plaintive ejaculations ; and it was curious to observe , as the narrative proceeded , how the widow 's charming eyes flashed and sparkled , and her cheeks glowed with indignation , till she looked , to use Edouard le Blanc 's expression , ‘ ferociously ’ handsome . ‘ Le monstre ! ’ she exclaimed , as Eug è ne terminated the sad history , gathering up as she spoke the shawl and gloves she had just before put off ; ‘ but I shall see him at once : I have influence with this Monsieur de V é ron . ’ ‘ Nonsense , Emilie , ’ said Madame le Blanc . ‘ You possess influence over Monsieur de V é ron ! ’ ‘ Certainly I do . And is that such a miracle ? ’ replied Madame Carson with a demure glance at Edouard le Blanc . Edouard looked somewhat scared , but managed to say : ‘ Not at all , certainly not ; but this man 's heart is iron — steel . ’ ‘ We shall see , ’ said the fair widow , as she finished drawing on her gloves . ‘ La grande passion is sometimes stronger than iron or steel : is it not Monsieur Eug è ne ? At all events , I shall try . He is in the church , you say . Very well , if I fail — but I am sure I shall not fail — I return in ten minutes , and that will leave Mademoiselle Ad é line 's despairing lover plenty of time to make his submission , if better may not be ; and so au revoir , Mesdames et Messieurs . ’ ‘ What can she mean ? ’ said Madame le Blanc as the door closed . ‘ I have noticed , once or twice during the last fortnight , that she has made use of strange half-hints relative to Monsieur de V é ron . ’ ‘ I do n't know what she can mean , ’ said Edouard le Blanc , seizing his hat and hurrying off ; ‘ but I shall follow , and strive to ascertain . ’ He was just in time to catch a glimpse of Madame Carson 's skirts as they whisked round the corner of the Rue St Jacques , and by quickening his speed , he saw her enter the church from that street . Notre Dame was crowded ; but Edouard le Blanc had no difficulty in singling out M. de V é ron , who was sitting in his accustomed chair , somewhat removed from the mass of worshippers , on the left of the high altar ; and presently he discerned Madame Carson gently and adroitly making her way through the crowd towards him . The instant she was near enough , she tapped him slightly on the shoulder . He turned quickly , and stared with a haughty , questioning glance at the smiling confectioner . There was no grande passion in that look , Edouard felt quite satisfied , and Madame Carson 's conduct seemed more than ever unintelligible . She appeared to say something , which was replied to by an impatient gesture of refusal , and M. de V é ron turned again towards the altar . Madame Carson next approached close to his chair , and bending down , whispered in his ear , for perhaps a minute . As she did so , M. de V é ron 's body rose slowly up , involuntarily as it were , and stiffened into rigidity , as if under the influence of some frightful spell . Forcing himself at last , it seemed , to confront the whisperer , he no sooner caught her eye than he reeled , like one struck by a heavy blow , against the pedestal of a saint , whose stony features looked less white and bloodless than his own . Madame Carson contemplated the effect she had produced with a kind of pride for a few moments , and then , with a slight but peremptory wave of her hand , motioned him to follow her out of the sacred edifice . M. de V é ron hastily , though with staggering steps , obeyed ; Edouard le Blanc crossing the church and reaching the street just soon enough to see them both driven off in M. de V é ron 's carriage . Edouard hurried back to the Grande Rue to report what he had witnessed ; and what could be the interpretation of the inexplicable scene , engrossed the inventive faculties of all there , till they were thoroughly tired of their wild and aimless guesses . Eight o'clock chimed — nine — ten — and they were all , Edouard especially , working themselves into a complete panic of undefinable apprehension , when , to their great relief , M. de V é ron 's carriage drew up before the door . The first person to alight was M. Bourdon , a notary of eminence ; next M. de V é ron , who handed out Madame Carson ; and all three walked through the shop into the back-apartment . The notary wore his usual business aspect , and had in his hands two rolls of thickly-written parchment , which he placed upon the table , and at once began to spread out . M. de V é ron had the air of a man walking in a dream , and subdued , mastered by some overpowering , nameless terror ; while Madame Carson , though pale with excitement , was evidently highly elated , and , to use a French phrase , completely ‘ mistress of the situation . ’ She was the first to break silence . ‘ Monsieur de V é ron has been kind enough , Edouard , to explain , in the presence of Monsieur Bourdon , the mistake in the accounts he was disposed to charge you with to-day . He quite remembers , now , having received two thousand francs from you , for which , in his hurry at the time , he gave you no voucher . Is not that so , Monsieur de V é ron ? ’ she added , again fixing on the merchant the same menacing look that Le Blanc had noticed in the church . ‘ Yes , yes , ’ was the quick reply of M. de V é ron , who vainly attempted to look the astounded clerk in the face . ‘ The mistake was mine . Your accounts are quite correct , Monsieur le Blanc ; and — and I shall be glad , of course , to see you at the office as usual . ’ ‘ That is well , ’ said Madame Carson ; ‘ and now , Monsieur Bourdon , to business , if you please . Those documents will not take so long to read as they did to write . ’ The notary smiled , and immediately began reading a marriage-contract between Eug è ne de V é ron and Ad é line le Blanc , by which it appeared that the union of those young persons was joyfully acceded to by Jean Baptiste de V é ron and Marie le Blanc , their parents — the said Jean Baptiste de V é ron binding himself formally to endow the bride and bridegroom jointly , on the day of marriage , with the sum of 300 , 000 francs , and , moreover , to admit his son as a partner in the business , thenceforth to be carried on under the name of De V é ron & Son . This contract was written in duplicate , and as soon as the notary had finished reading , Madame Carson handed a pen to M. de V é ron , saying in the same light , coquettish , but peremptory tone as before : ‘ Now , Monsieur , quick , if you please : yours is the most important signature . ’ The merchant signed and sealed both parchments , and the other interested parties did the same , in silent , dumb bewilderment , broken only by the scratching of the pens and the legal words repeated after the notary . ‘ We need not detain you longer , Messieurs , I believe , ’ said Madame Carson . ‘ Bon soir , Monsieur de V é ron , ’ she added , extending an ungloved hand to that gentleman , who faintly touched it with his lips ; ‘ you will hear from me to-morrow . ’ ‘ What is the meaning of all this ? ’ exclaimed Eug è ne de V é ron , the instant his father and the notary disappeared . ‘ I positively feel as if standing upon my head ! ’ A chorus of like interrogatories from the Le Blancs assailed Madame Carson , whose ringing bursts of mirth mocked for a time their impatience . ‘ Meaning , parbleu ! ’ she at last replied , after pausing to catch breath . ‘ That is plain enough , surely . Did you not all see with what empressement the poor man kissed my hand ? There , do n't look so wretched , Edouard , ’ she added with a renewed outburst ; ‘ perhaps I may have the caprice to prefer you after all to an elderly millionaire — who knows ? But come , let us try to be a little calm and sensible . What I have done , good folks , I can as easily undo ; and that being the case , Monsieur Eug è ne must sign me a bond to-morrow morning for fifty thousand francs , payable three days after his marriage . Is it agreed ? Very well : then I keep these two parchments till the said bond is executed ; and now , my friends ; good-night , for I , as you may believe , am completely tired after all this benevolent fairy-work . ’ The wedding took place on the next day but one , to the great astonishment of every one acquainted with the two families . It was also positively rumoured that M. de V é ron had proposed marriage to Madame Carson , and been refused ! Be this true or not , it was soon apparent that , from some cause or other , M. de V é ron 's health and spirits were irretrievably broken down , and after lingering out a mopish , secluded life of scarcely a twelvemonth 's duration , that gentleman died suddenly at Mon S é jour . A clause in his will bequeathed 20 , 000 francs to Madame Carson , with an intimated hope , that it would be accepted as a pledge by that lady to respect , as she hitherto had done , the honour of an ancient family . This pledge to secrecy would no doubt have been kept , but that rumours of poisoning and suicide , in connection with De V é ron 's death , having got abroad , the Procureur — G é n é ral ordered an investigation to take place . The suspicion proved groundless ; but the proc è s-verbal set forth , that on examining the body of the deceased , there were discovered the letters ‘ I. de B ., ’ ‘ T. F ., ’ branded on the front of the left shoulder ; the two last , initials of ‘ Travaux Forces ’ ( forced labour ) , being large and very distinct . There could be no doubt , therefore , that the proud M. de V é ron was an escaped for ç at ; and subsequent investigation , which was not , however , very strongly pressed , sufficiently proved that Jean Baptiste de V é ron , the younger son of a high family , had in very early youth been addicted to wild courses ; that he had gone to the colonies under a feigned name , to escape difficulties at home ; and whilst at the Isle de Bourbon , had been convicted of premeditated homicide at a gaming-house , and sentenced to perpetual imprisonment with hard labour . Contriving to escape , he had returned to France , and by the aid of a considerable legacy , commenced a prosperous mercantile career ; how terminated , we have just seen . It was by pure accident , or what passes for such in the world , that Madame Carson had arrived at a knowledge of the terrible secret . When M. de V é ron , after spraining his ankle , was carried in a state of insensibility into the room behind her shop , she had immediately busied herself in removing his neckcloth , unfastening his shirt , then a flannel one which fitted tightly round the neck , and thus obtained a glimpse of the branded letters ‘ T. F . ’ With her customary quickness of wit , she instantly replaced the shirts , neckcloth , & c ., and carefully concealed the fatal knowledge she had acquired , till an opportunity of using it advantageously should present itself . The foregoing are , I believe , all the reliable particulars known of a story of which there used to be half-a-hundred different versions flying about Le Havre . Edouard le Blanc married Madame Carson , and subsequently became a partner of Eug è ne de V é ron . It was not long , however , before the business was removed to another and distant French seaport , where , for aught I know to the contrary , the firm of ‘ De V é ron and Le Blanc ’ flourishes to this day . BETTING-OFFICES . ‘ Betting-shop ’ is vulgar , and we dislike vulgarity . ‘ Commission Office , ’ ‘ Racing Bank , ’ ‘ Mr Hopposite Green 's Office , ’ ‘ Betting-Office ,' are the styles of announcement adopted by speculators who open what low people call Betting-shops . The chosen designation is usually painted in gold letter on a chocolate-coloured wire-gauze blind , impervious to the view . A betting-office may display on its small show-board two bronzed plaster horses , rampant , held by two Ethiopian figures , nude ; or it may prefer making a show of cigars . Many offices have risen out of simple cigar-shops . When this is the case , the tobacco business gives way , the slow trade and fast profession not running well together . An official appearance is always considered necessary . A partition , therefore , sufficiently high not to be peered over , runs midway across the shop , surmounted with a rail . By such means , visions are suggested to the intelligent mind of desks , clerks , and , if the beholder has sufficient imagination , of bankers ’ clerks . In the partition is an enlarged pigeon-hole — not far off , may be supposed to lurk the hawk — through which are received shillings , half-crowns ; in fact , any kind of coin or notes , no sum appearing inadmissible . The office is papered with a warm crimson paper , to make it snug and comfortable , pleasant as a lounge , and casting a genial glow upon the proceedings . But the betting-lists are the attraction — these are the dice of the betting-man : a section of one of the side-walls within the office is devoted to them . They consist of long strips of paper — each race having its own slip — on which are stated the odds against the horses . Hasty and anxious are the glances which the speculator casts at the betting-lists : he there sees which are the favourites ; whether those he has backed are advancing or retrograding ; and he endeavours to discover , by signs and testimonies , by all kinds of movements and dodges , the knowing one 's opinion . He will drop fishing words to other gazers , will try to overhear whispered remarks , will sidle towards any jockey-legged or ecurial — costumed individual , and aim more especially at getting into the good graces of the betting-office keeper , who , when his business is slack , comes forth from behind the partition and from the duties of the pigeon-hole , to stretch his legs and hold turf-converse . The betting-office keeper is the speculator 's divinity . The office itself is but the point where the ringing of the metal takes place , where the actual business is more bindingly entered into ; but on great , or , as they are technically termed , grand days , there will occur — what will also apply , perhaps , occasionally to grand operas — very heavy operations . Large numbers of the speculators will collect , forming themselves into knots and groups on the pavement , and even in the roadway contiguous to the office . Here they appear a motley congregation , a curious agglomeration of seediness . Seediness is the prominent feature of the betting mass , as they are on such occasions collected — seediness of dress and of character . Yet amongst the groups are some better-looking kine , some who seem to fatten , and who costume themselves in fully-napped cloth , and boast of ostentatious pockets , and hats which advertise the owner as knowing a thing or two . These may be touters to the office : some may be victims , who have once won a stake . The latter now neglect their ordinary calling , and pass the whole of their time in the purlieus of betting-shops . As for the touters — betting-offices are not progressive without the aid of touters — they are gentlemen who have in their time worn many kinds of character , who have always existed one way or another on the very outskirts of honesty , till some fine morning a careless step brings them from that neutral ground into the domain of the law , where they are laid hold of . They do not disdain their adopted calling ; they are not above assisting errand-boys to go in for large stakes ; they tempt apothecaries ’ apprentices by prospects of being able to come out . They know likewise the best horses , and which are sure to win . But there are numbers of willing , untutored betting-men , who go in of their own accord — ‘ quite promiscuous . ’ They belong to the class of petty tradesmen , and perhaps there are steady workmen and comfortably incomed clerks among them ; although it is the tradesmen who are most numerous , and who give colour to the whole body . There is Macwait , the cheap baker , he contributes his quota weekly to the betting-shop : he has a strong desire to touch a twenty-pound stake . Whetcoles , the potato salesman , has given up a lucrative addition to his regular business — the purveying of oysters — for the sake of having more time to attend the office . Nimblecut , the hairdresser , has been endeavouring to raise his charge for shaving one half-penny per chin , to be enabled to speculate more largely . Shavings , journeyman carpenter , calculates upon clearing considerably more by ‘ Sister to Swindler ’ than a year 's interest from the savings-bank . There are thousands of similarly circumstanced speculators : they make a daily , if not more frequent promenade to the betting-office ; and on the days when the races come off , they may be observed in shoals , nodding and winking knowingly as they pass one another . Some are seen with jocular countenances , and pass for pleasant fellows : they are impressed with the idea that their horses are looking up . In others , the jocular expression has passed away , and the philosophical observer sets them down as melancholy individuals , given to castigating their wives , and verging dogwards . Betting-men — those who take a pride in their profession — assume generally a looseness of style : there may be an appropriateness in this , considering the mercurial contents of their pockets . In walking , a freedom of gait , approaching the swagger , is generally adopted ; cigar-smoking at the office door is considered respectable ; hands may be inserted ad libitum in pockets , and a primary coloured ‘ kerchief worn mildly . The individual is usually seen by the observant public making up his book . But the evidence of shrewdness consists in familiarity with the technicalities of turf-lore ; without this , costume is of no use . The better must be well up to the jockeys ’ names , and those of the horses — of the races they have run — of Day 's stable — of Scott 's ditto — must know when the cup or 2000-guinea stakes are run for . His vocabulary comprises such words as outsiders , winners , two-year old , lame ducks , and bad books . He sometimes talks loudly , although , for the most part , he delights in a close , earnest , confidential , suppressed tone . There is nothing a better prides himself on more than being in the possession of some , to the common herd , unattainable secret — something only to be obtained once in a lifetime , and then only after severe losses — a secret brought out by some train of fortuitous and most intricately-woven events . It comes through a line of ingenious , quickwitted , up-to-everything communicators , and is made known proximately to the fortunate possessor by a diplomatic potman , who waits in a room frequented by a groom , who pumped it out of a stable-boy , who —— It is not improbable that the information has somewhat deteriorated in its journeyings through mews and along dung-heaps : it is possible , when it comes to be made use of , it may be found very expensive in its application . The turf speculator must possess a frank and willing imagination : he must calculate upon his account at the betting-shop , as he would upon so much being to his credit at a banker 's ; he must consider the office cheques with which his pocket-book is overflowing , as at par with bank-notes ; he need keep but little gold and silver , as it is far better to know that it is producing a highly-profitable percentage . Should he be visited by any momentary fits of depression , he may draw forth his portfolio , and gratify his eyes with the contemplation of certificates for fives , and twenties , and fifties . We must not pass over a class of speculators who bet , and yet who are not true betting-men : they do not wish to be seen in betting-shops , yet cannot keep away . They are not loungers , for they may be observed passing along the thoroughfare seemingly with all desirable intentness upon their daily business ; but they suddenly disappear as they arrive at the door of the betting-shop . These are your respectable men ; worthy , solid , family men . But it is not easy to enter a betting-shop , and avoid rubbing against some clinging matter . Betting-men generally are not nice in their sensibilities ; and perhaps on a fine Sunday morning , proceeding with his family to the parish church , our Pharisee may receive a tip from some unshaven , strong-countenanced sans culotte , which may cause his nerves to tingle for the rest of the day . But there is also a light , flimsy , fly-away-kind of speculator , a May-day betting-man — a youth fresh , perhaps , from school and the country , with whom his friends have hardly yet made up their minds what to do — who is at present seeing as much as he can see of town , upon what he finds decidedly small means . He has an ambition to appear fast ; has of course a great admiration for fast people ; but is at present young and fresh-coloured , and cannot , with all his endeavours , make himself appear less innocent and good-natured than he is . He has strained his purse in a bet , has betted on a winning horse , and has won five pounds . This would perhaps have fixed him for life as a speculator ; but the money burns in his pocket . Before he can make up his mind to lay out his winnings on fresh bets , he must have a Hansom for the day . He decorates himself in his light-coloured paletot , blue neck-tie , and last dickey — drives to Regent Street to purchase cigars — to an oyster-shop redolent of saw-dust and lobsters — rigs a very light pair of kids — drives to , and alarms by his fast appearance , a few of his friends , who forthwith write off long woolly letters to relations in the country . He is accordingly cited to appear at home , where he becomes a respected local junior clerk in a Welsh mining company . There are various kinds of betting-offices . Some are speculative , May-fly offices , open to-day and shut to-morrow — offices that will bet any way , and against anything — that will accommodate themselves to any odds — receive any sum they can get , small or large ; and should a misfortune occur , such as the wrong horse winning , forget to open next day . These are but second-rate offices . The money-making , prosperous betting-office is quite a different thing . It is not advisable for concerns which intend making thousands in a few years , to pay the superintendents liberally , and to keep well-clothed touters — to conduct themselves , in short , like speculative offices . They must not depend entirely upon chance . Chance is very well for betting-men , but will not do for the respectable betting-office keepers , who are the stakeholders . The plan adopted is a very simple one , but ingenious in its simplicity . The betting-office takes a great dislike in its own mind to a particular horse , the favourite of the betting-men . It makes bets against that horse , which amount in the aggregate to a fortune ; and then it buys the object of its frantic dislike . This being effected , the horse of course loses , and the office wins . How could it be otherwise ? Would you have a horse win against its owner 's interest ? The thing being settled , the office , in order to ascertain the amount of its winnings , has only to deduct the price of the horse from its aggregate bets , and arrange the remainder in a line of perhaps five figures . Whereupon the betting-men grow seedier and more seedy ; some of the more mercurial go off in a fit of apoplectic amazement ; some betake themselves to Waterloo Stairs on a moonless night ; some proceed to the Diggings , some to St Luke 's , and some to the dogs ; some become so unsteady , that they sign the wrong name to a draft , or enter the wrong house at night , or are detected in a crowd with their hand in the wrong man 's pocket . But by degrees everything comes right again . The insane are shut up — the desperate transported — the dead buried — the deserted families carted to the workhouse ; and the betting-office goes on as before . A MAY FLOWER-SHOW AT CHISWICK . It is one o'clock P. M .; I am at Hyde-Park Corner ; I hail the nearest ‘ Hansom , ’ and am quickly dashing away for Chiswick . The road leading thither is always a scene of great bustle : on a Chiswick f ê te-day , this is very much augmented . But I am early , and the increase of vehicles is not yet great . A few carriages and cabs , mostly filled with ladies , who , like myself , are early on the road , and eager to be at the scene of action , are occasionally passed ; for my horse is a good one , and the driver seems to desire to do the journey in good style . The majority of passengers and conveyances are chiefly of the everyday character , and such as are always met with on this great thoroughfare . Omnibuses , with loads of dusty passengers ; carts and wagons , filled with manure , and each with a man or boy dozing upon the top ; teams baiting at the roadside inns ; troops of dirty children at the ends of narrow streets ; with carriers ’ carts , and travel-stained pedestrians , make up the aggregate of the objects on the road . But in another hour the scene will change ; the aristocratic ‘ turn-out , ’ with its brilliant appointments and spruce footmen — the cab , the brougham , and the open chariot , all filled with gaily-dressed company , will crowd the way ; for a Chiswick f ê te is one of the events of a London season . People go there as they do to the Opera — to see and to be seen . As I journey onward , I catch glimpses of blooming fruit-trees , and green hedges , speaking of the approach of summer . The little patches of garden by the wayside are gay with flowers , but sadly disfigured with dust . Even they , however , look quite refreshing in contrast with the close and crowded streets I have left behind . The spire of the church on Chiswick green is peeping above the houses in the distance ; and by the time I have noticed the increase of bustle on the road , and about the inn-doors , the cab has stopped at one of the garden entrances . Early as I am , many others are before me , and are waiting for the hour of admission — two o'clock . The carriages of those already arrived are drawn up in rank upon the green ; policemen are everywhere to preserve order ; ostlers are numerous , with buckets of water and bundles of hay ; groups of loungers are looking on , carriages are every minute arriving , and the bustle is becoming great . As it yet wants ten minutes to two o'clock , I shall occupy the time by giving the reader a little introduction to what we are presently to see . There are three of these f ê tes every year — one in May , another in June , and a third in July . When the weather is fine , there is always a brilliant gathering of rank , and beauty , and fashion ; but the June show is usually the best attended . English gardening is always well represented here . The plants and fruit brought for exhibition astonish even those who are best acquainted with what English gardeners can do . For several seasons past , it was thought that cultivation had reached its highest point ; yet each succeeding year outvied the past , and report tells me , that the plants exhibited to-day are in advance of anything previously seen . They are sent here from widely distant parts of the country — many of them are brought one or two hundred miles ; but most of the large collections are from gardens at a comparatively short distance from Chiswick . The principal prize is contended for by collections of thirty stove and greenhouse plants ; and their large size will be apparent , when it is stated that one such collection makes eight or ten van-loads . There are never more than three or four competitors for this prize . Their productions are generally brought into the garden on the evening previous to the day of exhibition . At about daylight on the morning of the f ê te , the great bustle of preparation begins . Everything has to be arranged , and ready for the judges by ten o'clock A. M ., at which hour all exhibitors , and others interested in the awards , are obliged to leave the gardens ; and they are not readmitted until the gates are thrown open to those who may have tickets of admission , at two o'clock . At last they are open . ( How expectation clogs the wheels of time !) I join the throng ; and in a few minutes I am among the flowers , which are arranged in long tents , on stages covered with green baize , as a background to set off in bold relief their beautiful forms and tints . There are three military bands stationed in different parts of the grounds , to keep up a succession of enlivening strains until six o'clock , the hour when the proceedings , so far as the public are concerned , are supposed to terminate . One of them is already ‘ discoursing most eloquent music . ’ Company rapidly arrives ; well-dressed persons are strolling through the tents , sitting beneath the trees , or on the benches , listening to the music . The scene is a gay one . The richness and beauty of the masses of flower , rivalled only by the gay dresses and bright eyes of hundreds of fair admirers ; the delicate green of the trees clothed with their young foliage , and the carpet-like lawns , all lit up by a bright May sun , and enlivened by the best music , combine to form a whole , the impression of which is not easily forgotten . But I am forgetting the flowers . Suppose we enter the nearest tent , and note the more prominent objects on our way . Here is a somewhat miscellaneous assortment ; geraniums are conspicuous . The plants are remarkably fine , averaging nearly a yard across , and presenting masses of flower in the highest perfection . One is conspicuous for the richness of its colouring ; its name is magnet ( Hoyle .) There is a collection of ferns , too ; their graceful foliage , agitated by every breeze , adds much to the interest of this tent . Among the most remarkable are the maidenhair-ferns ( adiantum ) , and a huge plant of the elk 's horn fern , from New South Wales . It derives its name from the shape of its large fronds . Before us is a quantity of Chinese hydrangeas , remarkable in this case for the small size of the plants , and disproportionately large heads of pink blossoms . Cape pelargoniums , too , are well represented : they are curious plants , indigenous to the Cape of Good Hope ; specimens of them are very often sent to this country , with boxes of bulbs , for which the Cape is famous . When they arrive , they look like pieces of deadwood ; but when properly cared for , they rapidly make roots and branches , and produce their interesting flowers in abundance . Passing to the next tent , we enter that part devoted to the fruit . A delicate aroma pervades the place . Directly before us is a large plant of the Chinese loquah , loaded with fruit . This is yellow , and about the size of a small plum . The plant is a great novelty ; for although hardy enough to be grown out of doors in this country , it produces its fruit only in a hothouse . Associated with it are some large vines in pots , with a profusion of fine bunches of grapes . Then there are dishes of strawberries ( British Queens ) , numerous pine-apples , cherries , peaches , bananas ( grown in this country ) , melons , & c .; besides some very fine winter apples and pears , which have been admirably preserved . Of the former , the winter-queen , old green nonpareil , and golden harvey are conspicuous ; of the latter , the warden and Uvedale 's St Germain are fine . The most attractive feature of these shows appears to be the orchideous or air-plants , as they are popularly known . A greater number of persons are always collected round them than in any other part of the tents ; nor is this to be wondered at . Nothing can be more singular in appearance or gorgeous in colouring . Their fragrance , too , is so delightful . Description can convey but a faint idea of their great beauty and diversity of character . They seem to mimic the insect world in the shapes of their blossoms ; nor are the resemblances distant . Every one has heard of the butterfly-plant : there is one on the stage now before us , and as the breeze gently waves its slender stalks , each tipped with a vegetable butterfly , it becomes almost difficult to imagine that we are not watching the movements of a real insect flitting among the plants . Here is a spike of Gongora maculata , bearing no faint resemblance to a quantity of brown insects with expanded wings collected round the stem . Close to it are some Brassias , mimicking with equal fidelity insects of a paler colour , besides hundreds of others equally curious and beautiful . Some bear their flowers in erect spikes , or loose heads ; others have drooping racemes a yard in length , as some of the dendrobiums . More have a slender flower-stalk making a graceful curve , with the flowers placed on the uppermost side , as Phol æ nopsis amablis , which bears a profusion of white blossoms closely resembling large moths with expanded wings . Here are some remarkable plants we must not pass without noticing : they are equally attractive both by their beauty and associations . They are two plants of Stanhopea tigrina , exhibited by Her Majesty , and a fine specimen of Acincta Humboldtii , named in honour of the philosophic traveller . They are all worthy of the associations they call up ; they grow in open baskets , and the flowers are produced from below , directly opposite the leaves . The ordinary law of flowering-plants is reversed in them . We pass on : everywhere gorgeous masses of flower are before us . Huge plants of Indian azaleas , filling a space of several feet , literally covered with blossoms of every hue . Heaths from the Cape , far outrivalling their brethren in their native wilds ; rhododendrons from the Himalaya ; and cactuses from the plains of South America . In fact , here are collected examples of the flora of almost every known country of the globe . But we must not be carried away by these more showy plants to the exclusion of some very curious and interesting little things which I see we are in danger of forgetting . Here , carefully covered by a bell-glass , is a fine specimen of Dion æ a muscipula , or Venus 's fly-trap . Every reader of natural history is familiar with its economy ; but one does not often get a sight of it . By the side of it are many other curious plants , covered with equal care . Anoectochillis argenteus , a little dwarf plant , with leaves which , both in their beautiful lustre and peculiar markings , resemble a green lizard , must serve for an example . Among other curiosities , is a small plant of one of the species of rhododendrons , recently introduced by Dr Hooker from the mountains of Sikkim Himalaya ; close to it are some azaleas imported from the northern parts of the Celestial Empire . There are also some very rare and valuable specimens of hardy trees , from the mountains of Patagonia . They belong to the very extensive family of coniferous plants , and have been named respectively Fitz-Roya Patagonica and Saxe-Gothea conspicua . There is also a remarkably handsome creeper , Hexacentras mysorensis , having pendent racemes of large flowers in shape resembling the snap-dragon , and of a rich orange and chocolate colour . To revert to the little Sikkim rhododendron , I shall give here the description of a still more diminutive specimen , met with by Dr Hooker during his journey , and which he has figured and described in his beautiful work , The Rhododendron of Sikkim-Himalaya . It is called R. nivale , or snow-rhododendron . ‘ The hard , woody branches of this curious little species , as thick as a goose-quill , struggle along the ground for a foot or two , presenting brown tufts of vegetation where not half-a-dozen other plants can exist . The branches are densely interwoven , very harsh and woody , wholly depressed ; whence the shrub , spreading horizontally , and barely raised two inches above the soil , becomes eminently typical of the arid , stern climate it inhabits . The latest to bloom , and earliest to mature its seeds , by far the smallest in foliage , and proportionally largest in flower , most lepidote in vesture , humble in stature , rigid in texture , deformed in habit , yet the most odoriferous , it may be recognised , even in the herbarium , as the production of the loftiest elevation on the surface of the globe — of the most excessive climate — of the joint influences of a scorching sun by day , and the keenest frost by night — of the greatest drought , followed in a few hours by a saturated atmosphere — of the balmiest calm , alternating with the whirlwind of the Alps . For eight months of the year , it is buried under many feet of snow ; for the remaining four , it is frequently snowed on and sunned in the same hour . During genial weather , when the sun heats the soil to 150 degrees , its perfumed foliage scents the air ; whilst to snow-storm and frost it is insensible : blooming through all ; expanding its little purple flowers to the day , and only closing them to wither after fertilisation has taken place . As the life of a moth may be indefinitely prolonged whilst its duties are unfulfilled , so the flower of this little mountaineer will remain open through days of fog and sleet , till a mild day facilitates the detachment of the pollen and the fecundation of the ovarium . This process is almost wholly the effect of winds ; for though humblebees , and the “ Blues ” and “ Fritillaries ” ( Polyommatus and Argynnis ) amongst butterflies , do exist at this prodigious elevation , they are too few in number to influence the operations of vegetable life . ’ To this Dr Hooker adds : ‘ This singular little plant attains a loftier elevation , I believe , than any other shrub in the world . ’ But here is a plant , or rather flower , more curious than any we have seen . The corolla is on a long stalk , a foot or more high ; but how to describe it is the difficulty . Imagine a bat with expanded wings , with the addition of a tail , spread out before you , having on its breast a rosette of narrow ribbon , of the same dusky colour , and you will gain some idea of its form and colour . Its botanical name is Attacia cristata . Here is the rose-tent . In no previous season have the plants appeared in finer condition . A few years ago , nobody could grow roses fit to be seen in pots ; many said it was impossible to do so : now , one can scarcely imagine anything finer than they are seen at the metropolitan flower-shows . Both in healthy appearance , and in fineness of flower , they exceed those which we admire so much in the open garden in summer . One or two are conspicuous , though all are beautiful . Souvenirs d'un ami has pale flesh-coloured flowers , exceedingly delicate ; nor is the perfume they emit less attractive . Niphetus , pure white ; Adam , very pale ; and G é ant des Batailles , of the richest crimson , are among the most attractive ; but there are numerous others , rivalling them in beauty and fragrance . As the afternoon wears away , the more fashionable visitors depart . At six o'clock , the several bands of music form one , the National Anthem is played , and the f ê te is over . GOLD-SEEKING AT HOME . The Lomond Hills , in the shires of Fife and Kinross , were known in ancient times as the hunting-grounds of the kings of Scotland , when these monarchs resided in their summer-palace at Falkland , a village on their north-eastern declivity . At a period intermediate between these and the present times , they were the haunt of the persecuted Covenanters , and often resounded with the voice of psalms raised at conventicles . Since then , their solitude and silence have seldom been disturbed , save by the bark of the shepherd 's dog , or the echoes caused by the blasting of rocks in the limestone quarries which run along their southern and western ridges . But during the month of May last , this solitude and silence were completely destroyed , by thousands of persons plying every kind of instrument upon them , from the ponderous crowbar and pickaxe , to the easily-wielded trowel and hammer , in search of gold , which they believed to be hidden in their recesses . The information on which they acted seemed to them to come from an authentic source , and to be confirmed by competent authority . On the southern base of the hills , overlooking the far-famed Lochleven , lies the village of Kinnesswood , noted as the birthplace of the poet Michael Bruce . A native of this village entered the army , and there learned manners at war with good morals , which , after his discharge , brought upon him the vengeance of the law , and he was banished ‘ beyond seas . ’ His subsequent good-conduct , however , procured him ‘ a ticket-of-leave , ’ and he became servant to the commissariat for the convicts in Van Diemen 's Land . In this capacity he had frequent opportunities of seeing the substance brought from the Bathurst ‘ diggings , ’ containing the gold which is now arriving in this country in such large quantities . It at once struck him that he had seen abundance of the same material in his native hills , when visiting the quarries in which several of his friends and acquaintances earned their livelihood . This impression he conveyed in a letter to his mother , who , as a matter of course , afforded the information to all to whom she had an opportunity of communicating it . The intelligence spread with the rapidity of an electric telegraph ; and an excitement was produced such as is seen among bees when their hive has received a sudden shock . The mountain pathways became immediately alive with human beings , and noises arose like the hum of a city heard at a distance during the busiest hours of the day . In the villages immediately adjoining the place of resort , the excitement was wholly confined to youngsters and idlers , who are ever ready to seize upon novelty and enter upon bustle ; but further off , it extended to old and young , hale and infirm , asthmatic and long-winded , grave and gay , taught and untaught , respectable and disreputable , industrious and idle , till it reached a compass of twenty miles at least , extending not only to the Forth and Tay , but stretching inland from their opposite shores . In short , men who had never climbed a mountain all their lives before , though living in close proximity to one , were seen on its loftiest peaks , and toiling there with all the ardour of Cyclops . Meanwhile , some of the less impulsive minds in the district , not altogether untouched by the prevailing mania , began to cast about for warrants to justify their appropriation of some of this much-coveted material , and assure their confidence that it was really gold . Memory , research , tradition , testimony , all came to their help . They recollected how their fathers had told them that the Laird of Lathrisk had wrought a lead-mine on the northern declivity of the East Law , which yielded also a considerable proportion of silver , and which was abandoned only because of the high tax government had put upon the latter metal . Then came the ready query : That since there is silver in these hills , why not also gold , seeing they frequently go together ? Then it was found that the mineral formations in which this metal occurs are the crystalline primitive rocks ; and with these the Lomond Hills were held to correspond . Then it had been told them , that in days of yore shepherds had found pieces of gold while tending their flocks on the hills , and that gold had been frequently met with in the whole district of country between the Forth and the Tay . Last of all came the testimony of a man who had returned to the neighbourhood from California , and who assured them , that the substance they submitted to his inspection was in all respects similar to that which was dug out of the hills in the gold regions of America . Singularly enough , though they did not reflect upon the facts , this man had returned home as poor as he had departed , and manifested no desire to accompany them to the new El Dorado at their doors . Other persons were meanwhile pushing inquiries in a more certain direction , and subjecting the supposed precious treasure to infallible tests . The chief centre of attraction is a partially-wrought limestone quarry , known by the name of the Sheethiehead , right above the village of Kinnesswood , and about a gunshot back from the brow of the Bishop Hill . It is surrounded on all sides by immense heaps of d é bris , which has been repeatedly dug into during the last thirty years by geologising students , in search of fossils connected with the carboniferous system , and who must have frequently met with the substance which has caused all this excitement , but never imagined it to be gold . The face of the quarry , to the depth of twenty feet from the top , is an accumulation of shale or slate , lying in regular layers , and easily broken . It has been turned to good account of late in the manufacture of slate-pencils of superior quality . Among this shaly accumulation , there are frequent layers of a soft , wet clay or ochre ; and it is in this that the brilliants which have dazzled the imagination of so many are chiefly found , and which , accordingly , are frequently thrown out among the d é bris , of which it comes to form a part . In this quarry , then , and in the heaps around it , hundreds are earnestly busy in laying bare what is beneath ; while scores of men , women , and children are silently and earnestly looking on . One has just brought out a ball of stone , or something like stone , about the size of a man 's hand , known among the quarrymen as ‘ a fairy ball ; ’ it is composed of a hard crust , like rusted iron , which , on being broken , is found to contain a yellow shining metal of various shapes and sizes — grains , octohedrons , cubes , and their allied forms , as is the case with gold ; and what else can it be but the precious metal , thinks the finder , as he places it in his receptacle , and applies himself anew to his vocation . In a little while he stumbles on another of these balls , as big as a man 's hat , which he breaks , and opens with increasing eagerness ; when , lo ! it is as empty as a ‘ deaf nut ’ — the water which percolated through the shale having rusted the iron that goes to form the crust along with the ochre , but failed , as in the previous case , to form crystals in the interior . A third , fourth , and fifth are found to be as hollow as the last , and the ‘ digger ’ begins to look a little crestfallen , and abate his eagerness . But here is an Irishman , who has been vastly more lucky , dancing a jig , with a footless stocking near him , tied at each end , packed as full as it can hold of ‘ the fine stuff , ’ as he calls it , while with wonderful agility he flourishes a heavy pickaxe and spade over his head , and screams at the highest pitch of his voice : ‘ Sure , now , and is n't my fortune made ! ’ By and by , getting at once hoarse and tired , he desists from his exertions , and entreats a boy near him ‘ to go into the bog beyont there , and get him some poteen , which he is sure is making in the stills among the turf ; ’ offering him at the same time a lump of his ‘ treasure ’ as payment for his trouble . Here is a tall , grave , shrewd-looking man , very like an elder of the kirk , throwing away part of his accumulation , but somewhat stealthily retaining a portion in the large cotton handkerchief in which he had placed it , while a respectable-looking woman is saying to him : ‘ John , the minister says , it 's no gold , but only brimstone . ’ To which he answers , with an audible sigh : ‘ Well hath the wise man said , all is vanity and vexation of spirit . ’ Here is a strong-built but lumpish-looking fellow , seemingly a ploughman or day-labourer , leaving the scene of action in evident disgust , who , on being asked if he had been successful , answers roughly : ‘ No ! ’ and adds : ‘ I 'll sell you this pick for a glass of ale or a dram of whisky . ’ Here are angry words passing between a middle-aged man and a youth , respecting the right of possession , the former having driven the latter away from a promising-looking place on which he was employed , and commenced operations upon it himself . It is Saturday ; and the mills on the river Leven are stopped at noon , to allow the water in the lake from which it flows to accumulate its supplies for the following week 's operations . Freed thus from labour , the spinners hasten to the scene of attraction , and largely swell the crowd already assembled there . The men begin the search with eagerness , while the women content themselves with looking on ; but it is evident that they are unaccustomed to the use of the instruments they have assumed , and that long practice will be necessary before they can turn them to much account . Here are bands of colliers able to wield them to purpose , yet how unwilling they appear to be to put forth their strength . They came in the expectation of getting gold for the lifting , which is nowhere the case ; and are evidently disappointed in finding that both effort and perseverance are necessary . Indeed , it surprised us to see so little disposition to make and maintain exertion on the part of those who fancied that certain riches would be the result . Notwithstanding the numerous traces of picking , hammering , and shovelling they have left behind them , there is not an excavation a foot deep ; while over a crevice in the rock , three inches square , ‘ a digger ’ has left the words , scratched with a piece of slate : ‘ There is no gold here , ’ as if he had done all that was necessary to prove it . Even in the loose d é bris around the quarry — with which the substance referred to abounds — there is no trace of a digging wider or deeper than a man 's hat . We have seen a student make greater and longer-continued exertion to get a fossil shell , and a terrier dog to get a rat or a rabbit , than any of the gold-seekers have . Burns the poet , in his lament , entitled Man was made to Mourn , complains , with more pathos and sentiment than truth and justice , that the landlords will not ‘ give him leave to toil . ’ That is not the leave most men desire , but the leave to be idle . If gold were to be got for the lifting , and bread were as easily procured as water , man would not be disposed to take healthful exercise , much less labour or toil . We shall not describe the scene as it developed itself on Sunday . It was at total variance with the reputation Scotchmen have acquired for the observance of that day , but in perfect keeping with the notoriety they have gained for their love of strong drink . Monday was the fifteenth day of the gold-fever ; and , like most other fevers , it was then at its height . Parties had been on the hill soon after the previous midnight awaiting the dawn , resolved to be the first at the diggings that morning , and ‘ have their fortunes made before others arrived . ’ But the lark had not got many yards high in his heavenward ascent , and only struck the first note of his morning-carol , when the mountain concaves sent back echoes of music from a whole band of men , marching at the head of a still greater number , who might have been taken for a regiment of sappers and miners . They have come from a distance ; and , like the others who have preceded them , can have known little or nothing of ‘ balmy sleep , kind nature 's sweet restorer , ’ unless they have taken it at church the preceding day , or in their beds , when they should have been there . The morning has grown apace , and shews the mountain-sides and table-land teeming with life . ‘ The cry is still , they come ; ’ and long before mid-day , it is calculated that there are at least 1200 persons on the hill — many of them spectators of the scene , but most of them actors in it . To a curious observer , it was at once an amusing , interesting , instructive , and painful spectacle . It developed character ; shewed to some extent the state of society among certain classes and professions ; and exhibited human nature in some of its peculiar and less agreeable phases . The most striking and unlikeable manifestations were — ignorance , credulity , superstition , recklessness , and disregard for all that is ‘ lovely and of good report . ’ We were particularly struck with the want of foresight , observation , and reflection shewn by a great number of the persons concerned , and of whom other things might have been expected . They had come to ‘ the diggings ’ without instruments of any kind with which to bring forth the supposed gold from its recesses ; and , more wonderful still , without food to sustain them while employed in finding it . What an easy prey these persons would have been to any one willing to take advantage of them ! They willingly parted with much of their supposed treasure for a few crumbs of cake from a boy 's pocket , and with still more for a slice of poor cheese from a quarryman 's wallet . The man who brought intoxicating drink to them , would have received in return whatever he would have been pleased to demand . One party , and one only , so far as we could learn , was more provident than the rest , having provisions with it equal to its necessities for one day at least , among which whisky held a prominent place . The substance found and supposed to be gold is very similar to that found in the coal-mines and iron-bands of Fife , which are known to ‘ crop out ’ in the Lomond Hills — none being found further north — yet the colliers and miners did not identify the substance when found in other circumstances than those in which they are accustomed to meet with it . The inhabitants of the district in which it is found shewed little sympathy with the excitement produced , a fact which should have led the gold-hunters to pause and ponder ; for they were as likely to know the nature of the substance sought as persons at a distance , and just as likely to appropriate it , if it really were gold . But under the influence of their credulity , our adventurers drew a conclusion quite different — namely , that the people at the foot of the hill affected indifference , in order to deceive those at a distance , and keep all the treasure to themselves . It was of no use to tell them , that this said gold had been tested half a century ago , and been ‘ found wanting . ’ They wished it to be gold , and they were determined to believe it such . Much advantage was taken of this credulity , even by those who had themselves been its dupes . The most daring falsehoods were invented by them , in order to induce others to befool themselves as they had done . One , according to his own account , had received 30s . for his ‘ findings ; ’ and another had been offered L. 2 for as much as he had collected in half an hour . Such are specimens of the fables they devised , with a view to deceive their acquaintances , and they had manifest pleasure in seeing them produce the desired effect . Meanwhile , every test known to or conceivable by the amateur chemists — of which there are not few in the counties in which the hills are situated — was put in requisition , and a voice evoked by them , but it would not speak as desired . Others , who knew nothing of chemistry , were torturing it in every possible way — beating it with hammers , to see if it would expand , like gold , into leaf ; but instead of this , it only flew off in splinters : then putting it into the smith 's forge , to see if it would liquefy and separate from the dross , but it only evaporated in fumes , which drove them from the smithy by their offensive odour . Not one of these experimenters , whether more or less skilled , thought of subjecting it to the simple and certain test of cutting it with a knife , of which the substance in question is not susceptible , whereas gold cuts like tough cheese . Enough , however , had been done to confirm suspicions which had been floating in the minds of many of the diggers , that this rapid wealth-finding was a delusion and a lie . All doubts upon the subject were finally set at rest by the professors of mineralogy in the colleges , and the practical chemists in Edinburgh and Glasgow , informing certain inquirers as to the real nature of this deceptive substance . It is of two kinds : the one with a gray , the other with a brown base — the latter much more common than the former ; the one shining with a whitish , the other , with a yellowish lustre . The one is galena , a sulphuret of lead ; the other , pyrites , a sulphuret of iron . These pyrites are very extensively diffused , and are said to be worth about L. 2 a ton . Pity it is that even this trifle should be lost to the poor quarryman , who has only to lay them aside when wheeling away his rubbish till they accumulate to such a quantity as to be worth a purchaser 's notice , but who does not know where to find a customer . The Lomonds were now again left to their solitude and silence , a few stray persons visiting them only from curiosity , to see the place and its productions which had caused such excitement . But the mania did not abate all at once . A village patriarch , skilled in fairy lore , entertained some of the gold-seekers with the following legend , which had the effect of sending them in search of the precious metal elsewhere . According to this ancient , a fairy , in times long gone by , appeared on a summer gloaming to a boy herding cattle in the place indicated by the following doggrel , and told him that — If Auchindownie cock does not craw , If Balmain horn does not blaw , I 'll shew you the gold in Largo Law . ‘ But , ’ added this benevolent son of Puck , ‘ if I leave you when these happen — for I must then return home immediately — take you notice where the brindled ox lies down , and there you will find the gold . ’ The cock crew and the horn blew . The fairy vanished , but the boy observed where the brindled ox lay down ; but then he did not reflect upon the need of marking the place , but ran home , in his impatience to communicate the delightful information he had received , and on his return found that the brindled ox had risen and left the place ; and as he could not determine the spot , the gold still awaits the search of some more reflective and painstaking person . Of course , one and another of the narrator 's auditors thought himself such a person , and hied him away to the conical hill that rises so conspicuously at the entrance to the estuary of the Forth . What success attended them there we have not the means of knowing , but we have seen it stated in a local newspaper , that a specimen of the shining substance found in that place had been sent to the editor , and he pronounces it more like gold than the crystals brought him from the Lomond Hills . But ‘ like , ’ says the proverb , ‘ is an ill mark ; ’ and we hope the gold-diggers of Fife will consider themselves as having been already sufficiently deceived by appearances . The mania lasted fully three weeks , not that any one person was under its influence all that time — for , singularly enough , the man who had been once there rarely if ever returned — but , like an epidemic , it spread wide , and only ceased by a change in the intellectual atmosphere . There could not be less than 300 persons upon an average each day upon the hill , either searching for the supposed treasure , or waiting to ascertain the result from those that did . This would make an aggregate of 6300 in the whole time ; but let us keep much within the mark , and take the number convened during that period at 5000 . Many of these were men earning 15s . a week ; but let us put them all down at 1s . 6d per day each , and allow 1s . for the expense incurred in their going to and from the place . This will make half-a-crown lost and expended by every one of them . This calculation makes L. 30 a day , and L. 630 for the whole period . Now , we are fully persuaded , that though all the pyrites carried off had been gold in the proportion in which it seemed in the substance , it would not have realised this sum , which is about the price of 200 ounces of gold ; so that , in the aggregate , the diggers would have been losers , though some of them individually might have been gainers . But the gainers would have been few in proportion to the whole , for we observed that not more than one man in twenty found even the pyrites , which are probably still more extensively diffused than gold itself ever is , even in the regions where it is now known to prevail : so that the wages of the nineteen unsuccessful men are to be calculated along with those of the successful one ; and then it follows , that unless the ‘ findings ’ of the latter at the close of the day are equal to the wages of twenty men , there is no increase of capital to the country , no gain upon the whole . Then the man who was lucky at one time , was unlucky at another — like a poacher who snares three hares in a night , but does not snare another for a week , while he has been unable to work during the day , and , in the end , his losses have counterbalanced his gains . Then if this phantom had proved a reality , all the mines and mills within a wide range of the place would have been instantly abandoned , and it must have taken a long time , indeed , to reproduce the capital thus lost to the country . In fine , it must have become necessary to fix a rent upon the diggings , in order to constitute a right to labour in them ; and still further , to levy a tax to provide a police , if not a military force , to preserve order ; and after these deductions are made , together with the incomes derived from previous occupations , and the great uncertainty connected with the vocation — to say nothing of the labour and discomforts to be endured — we cannot think gold-digging a profitable or desirable pursuit . COMPETITION AND MONOPOLY . A Memorandum just issued by that active body , the Sanitary Association , contains the following amusing and instructive account of the memorable competition between the great London water-companies forty years ago , and of the close monopoly in which that reckless and ruinous struggle ended :— ‘ In 1810 , a water mania , like our recent railway mania , suddenly broke out ; and the principle of competition , to which the legislature had all along looked for the protection of the public , was put upon its trial . Two powerful companies , which had been several years occupied in obtaining their acts and setting up their machinery , now took the field — one , the West Middlesex , attacking the old monopolists on their western flank ; the other , the East London , invading their territory from the opposite quarter . At the same time , a band of dashing Manchester speculators started the Grand Junction Company with a flaming prospectus , and boldly flung their pipes into the very thick of the tangled net-work which now spread in every direction beneath the pavement of the hotly-contested streets . ‘ These Grand-Junction men quite astonished the town by the magnificence of their promises . “ Copious streams ” of water , derived , by the medium of the Grand Junction Canal , from the rivers Colne and Brent : “ always pure and fresh , because always coming in ” — “ high service , free of extra charge ; ” above all , “ unintermittent supply , so that customers may do without cisterns ; ” such were a few of the seductive allurements held out by these interlopers to tempt deserters from the enemy 's camp . ‘ The West Middlesex Company , in its opening circulars , also promised “ unlimited supplies ” to the very “ housetops , ” of water “ clear and bright from the gravelly bottom of the Thames , thirteen miles above London Bridge . ” The East London was not behindhand with the trumpet ; and its “ skilful ” directors , by paying dividends in rapid succession out of capital , raised their L. 100 shares to the enormous premium of L. 130 before they had well got their machinery into play . Meanwhile the South London ( or Vauxhall ) Company was started — in 1805 — on the other side of the river , with a view to wrest from its old rulers the watery dominion of the south . The war was not , however , carried on in a very royal sort ; for , as the travelling mountebank drives six-in-hand through a country town to entice the gaping provincials to his booth , so these water-jugglers went round the streets of London , throwing up rival jets-d'eau from their mains , to prove the alleged superiority of their engines , and to captivate the fancy of hesitating customers . ‘ The New River Company , thus put upon its mettle , boldly took up the gauntlet . It erected new forcing-engines , changed its remaining wooden pipes for iron , more than doubled its consumption of coal , reduced its charges , augmented its supplies , issued a contemptuous rejoinder to its adversaries , and , appealing as an “ old servant ” to the public for support , engaged in a war of extermination . ‘ For seven years , the battle raged incessantly . The combatants sought — and openly avowed it — not their own profit , but their rivals ’ ruin . Tenants were taken on almost any terms . Plumbers were bribed to tout , like omnibus cads , for custom . Such was the rage for mere numerical conquest , that a line of pipes would be often driven down a long street , to serve one new customer at the end . Arrears remained uncollected , lest offence should be given and influence impaired . Capricious tenants amused themselves by changing from one main to another , as they might taste this or that tap of beer . The more credulous citizens , relying on the good faith of the “ public servants ” — as these once powerful water-lords now humbly called themselves — were simpletons enough , on the strength of their promises , to abandon their wells , to sell off their force-pumps , and to erect water-closets or baths in the upper storeys of their houses . In many streets , there were three lines of pipes laid down , involving triple leakage , triple interest on capital , triple administrative charges , triple pumping and storage costs , and a triple army of turncocks — the whole affording a less effective supply than would have resulted from a single well-ordered service . In this desperate struggle vast sums of money were sunk . The recently-established companies worked at a ruinous loss ; and such as kept up a show of prosperity were , in fact , like the East London Company , paying dividends out of capital . The New River Company 's dividends went down from L. 500 to L. 23 per share per annum . In the border-line districts , where the fiercest conflicts took place , the inhabitants sided with one or other of the contending parties . Some noted with delight the humbled tone of the old arbitrary monopolists , and heartily backed the invaders . Some old-stagers stuck to the ancient companies , and to the faces of familiar turncocks . These paid ; but many shrewd fellows put off the obsequious collectors , and contrived to live water-rate free . Thus the honest , as usual , paid for the knaves ; and the ultimate burden of all these squandered resources fell — also as usual — on society at large . ‘ Such a state of things could not last ; and it came to a conclusion which experience , had it been invoked , might have led parliament to anticipate . For , scarcely a century before , the two chartered East India Companies , after five years ’ internecine war , had coalesced to form that gigantic confederacy which for years monopolised the Indian trade , and rose to an unexampled pitch of corporate power and aggrandisement , at the cost of the mercantile community . ‘ Just so , in 1817 , the great water-companies coalesced against the public , and coolly portioned out London between them . Their treatment , on this occasion , of the tenants so lately flattered and cajoled , will never be effaced from the public memory . Batches of customers were handed over by one water-company to another , not merely without their consent , but without even the civility of a notice . Old tenants of the New River Company , who had taken their water for years , and had been their thick-and-thin supporters through the battle , found themselves ungratefully turned over , without previous explanation , to drink the “ puddle ” supplied by the Grand Junction Company . The abated rates were immediately raised , not merely to the former amount , but to charges from 25 to 400 per cent . more than they had been before the competition . The solemnly-promised high service was suppressed , or made the pretext for a heavy extra charge . Many people had to regret “ selling their force-pumps as old lead , ” or fixing water-closets on their upper floors , on the faith of these treacherous contractors . Those who had fitted up their houses with pipes , in reliance on the guarantee of unintermitting pressure , found themselves obliged either to sacrifice the first outlay , or to expend on cisterns and their appendages further sums , varying from L. 10 or L. 20 up to L. 50 — and even , in many cases , L. 100 . When tenants thus unhandsomely dealt by expressed their indignation , and demanded redress , they were “ jocosely ” reminded by smiling secretaries that the competition was over , and that those who were dissatisfied with the companies ’ supplies were quite at liberty to set up pumps of their own . ‘ Thus as , in political affairs , anarchy invariably leads to despotism , so , in commerce , subversive competition always ends its disorderly and ruinous course in monopoly , which , whether avowed or tacit , individual or collective , is but despotism in a lower sphere . ‘ The cure for these evils lies in the competitive contract-system , which brings competition to bear for , instead of in , the field of supply , so as to obviate the reckless multiplication of establishments , and capitals , and staffs , for the performance of a service for which one would suffice . Evidence shews that the water-companies might be bought out , so as to clear the way for the consolidation of the water-supply with the drainage and other connected sanitary services , under a public authority , responsible to the rate-payers through parliament , and charged to supervise the due execution of the works by contractors competing freely , on open tender , in the public market — a system obviously calculated to secure for the public the best possible service at the lowest possible rates . By empowering such an authority to buy the companies out in full , with money borrowed at 3 or 3-1 / 2 per cent ., we should come into possession of their works at an annual charge for interest , less , by nearly two-fifths , than our present annual payment to the companies ; by consolidating the nine establishments thus acquired , we should save more than half the present working costs ; and by the further consolidations referred to above , for which this first one would prepare the ground , we should still more reduce our annual charges , and still more improve our sanitary condition . ’ MICHAEL THE ARCHANGEL : A STATUETTE . My white archangel , with thy steady eyes Outlooking on this silent , ghost-filled room , Thy clasped hands wrapped on thy sheathed sword or doom , Thy firm-closed lips , not made for human sighs , Kisses , or smiles , or writhing agonies , But for divine exhorting , heavenly song , Bold , righteous counsel , sweet from seraph tongue — Beautiful angel , strong as thou art wise , Would that thy sight could make me wise and strong ! Would that this sword of thine , which idle lies Stone-planted , could wake up and gleam among The crowd of demons that with eager cries Howl in my heart temptations of world 's wrong ! Lama Sabachthani ! How long — how long ! Michael , great leader of the hosts of God , Warrer with Satan for the body of him Whom living , God had loved — If cherubim With cherubim contend for one poor clod Of human dust , with sin-stained feet that trod Through the wide deserts of Heaven 's chastisement — Are there not ministering angels sent To strive with evil ones that roam abroad Clutching our living souls ? ‘ The living , still The living , they shall praise Thee . ’ Let some great Invisible spirit enter in and fill The howling chambers of hearts desolate , There stand like thee , O Michael , strong and wise , My white archangel with the steadfast eyes ! WAGES HEIGHTENED IN CONSEQUENCE OF IMPROVEMENT OF MACHINERY . It is stated in a report of the Commissioners appointed in 1832 to inquire concerning the employment of women and children in factories , that ‘ in the cotton-mill of Messrs Houldsworth , in Glasgow , a spinner employed on a mule of 336 spindles , and spinning cotton 120 hanks to the pound , produced in 1823 , working 74-1 / 2 hours a week , 46 pounds of yarn , his net weekly wages for which amounted to 27s . 7d . Ten years later , the rate of wages having in the meantime been reduced 13 per cent ., and the time of working having been lessened to 69 hours , the spinner was enabled by the greater perfection of the machinery to produce on a mule of the same number of spindles , 52-1 / 2 pounds of yarn of the same fineness , and his net weekly earnings were advanced from 27s . 7d . to 29s . 10d . ’ Similar results from similar circumstances were experienced in the Manchester factories . The cheapening of the article produced by help of machinery increases the demand for the article ; and there being consequently a need for an increased number of workmen , the elevation of wages follows as a matter of course . Nor is this the only benefit which the working-man derives in the case , for he shares with the community in acquiring a greater command over the necessaries which machinery is concerned in producing .— Condensed from a Lecture by G. R. Porter to the Wandsworth Literary and Scientific Association . Printed and Published by W. and R. CHAMBERS , High Street , Edinburgh . Also sold by W. S. ORR , Amen Corner , London ; D. N. CHAMBERS , 55 West Nile Street , Glasgow ; and J. M'GLASHAN , 50 Upper Sackville Street , Dublin .— Advertisements for Monthly Parts are requested to be sent to MAXWELL , & Co ., 31 Nicholas Lane , Lombard Street , London , to whom all applications respecting their insertion must be made .