CHAMBERS 'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR LITERATURE , SCIENCE , AND ART . Fourth Series CONDUCTED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS . NO . 721 . SATURDAY , OCTOBER 20 , 1877 . PRICE 1 ½ d .] TOYS . Of British industries , not the least interesting to a large world of readers , great and small , will be found the manufacture of toys . Mr Bartley , in treating this subject in Mr Stanford 's useful series of Handbooks to British Manufactures , rightly assumes that objects which are so inseparably connected with the happiness of our early life cannot be held unimportant ; while we need but mention the name of Charles Dickens , in order to lend a charm to the avocations of a doll 's dressmaker and a journeyman toy-maker . Although the English productions are almost entirely confined to a few special types of goods , which not only hold their own among foreign rivals , but are largely exported to the continent , we find that in London alone there are , besides various importers of toys , eleven rocking-horse manufacturers , ten wholesale dealers , and one hundred and fifty-one retail dealers , not including the large tribe of small retailers , who combine other occupations with the sale of toys . Though Germany , Switzerland , and France are the great storehouses of all toys of which the material is soft wood , the toy manufacture of London forms a large and interesting industry . Penny wooden toys are turned out of a manufacturing establishment which consists of a toy-maker , his wife , and family . When the father has finished his work on the lathe , the mother and children have each their particular share in gluing , pasting , and painting . The material for these articles are scraps of timber bought out of builders ’ yards , the principal tools being the chisel and the lathe . Pewter toys are made in London in very large quantities . At one establishment a ton of metal is consumed each month in the production of Lilliputian tea , coffee , and dinner sets . English taste may be gathered from the fact , that the number of tea-sets made is nearly thirty times larger than either of the other two . Twenty-three separate articles make up a set , and of these articles two millions and a half are made yearly by one house alone . The metal is provided from miscellaneous goods , such as old candlesticks , tea-pots , pots and pans , bought from ‘ marine ’ store-dealers by the hundredweight ; and when melted , is formed into the required shapes by different processes of casting in moulds . One girl can make two thousand five hundred small tea-cups in a day . Putting together the four separate pieces of a mould made of hard gun-metal , she fills it with the molten metal , dips its mouth into cold water , takes it to pieces , and turns out a cup that only wants trimming . Under the head of paper toys , miniature packs of cards demand a large amount of material and labour . It is astonishing to read that one firm alone in London turns out each year one million packs of toy cards , using five or six tons of paper for the purpose , on each sheet of which are printed three packs in black and red . When these sheets have been pasted on cards — called ‘ middlings ’ — one girl can cut up and complete eight hundred and sixty-four packs each day , earning about one pound a week . These cards are sold at twopence , one penny , and a halfpenny a pack . The penny cards have , as might be expected , far the largest sale with the public ; the manufacturer getting five shillings for a gross of twelve dozen , or somewhat less than half the retail price . Many thousand gross of these little packs go to all parts of the world . The twopenny packs are precisely the same as the penny packs , with the addition of an ornamental paper back to each card . The demand for these superior packs is small , for when the price of an article gets above a penny , we read that it at once shuts it out from a certain class of the buying public . The purchaser that will spend more than a penny will spend sixpence . The spending public , it seems , go in sets . There is the farthing set , mostly children , who patronise small shops of toys and sweets ; there is the halfpenny set ; and the penny set . We then jump to the sixpenny set . There is a very large manufacture of toy picture-books which are sold at one penny , a halfpenny , and a farthing . Even the farthing books have a picture on the cover printed in four colours ; and valentines printed from wood-blocks and hand-painted can be sold for a halfpenny . Another large industry grown up or developed of late years is the manufacture of india-rubber toys . The india-rubber , cut up into small pieces , and formed , by the admixture of white-lead and other substances , into sheets of a putty-like inelastic material , is fitted into two pieces of an iron mould , variously shaped according to the requirements of the toy , and then plunged into the vulcanising bath — a vessel filled with sulphur and other ingredients . When taken out , the india-rubber has become elastic , the two pieces of mould are unscrewed , and the toy , after trimming and painting , is ready for use . Toy-boats , which in their construction go through fifteen different hands , are very cheap , though the whole of the work is done by hand . In one London manufactory as many as ten thousand sailing-boats are made every year ; upwards of five hundred twelve-feet lengths of three-inch deals being used in their manufacture , and eight tons of lead being required for their keels . We have left to the last place notice of the toy which is the speciality of English toy-makers , the wax-doll . The wax , after being melted in large vessels by means of boiling water , is poured into hollow plaster-moulds made in three pieces , and laid in rows with the crown of the head downwards . When the workman has filled from a can ten or twelve of these moulds , returning to the first one in the row , he pours back into his can as much of the wax as remains fluid ; and so on with the other moulds . Most of the wax is thus poured back again into the can ; but that which adheres to the mould has now become a hollow wax head , thick or thin according to the time which elapses between pouring the wax into the mould and pouring it out again . Then comes the process of fixing the glass eyes , which , save the very best , are now made abroad , the Germans having driven the Birmingham manufacturers out of the field . The wax ridges left by the joints of the mould are smoothed down , the surface is brushed over with turpentine to clean it , and with violet powder to beautify it ; and when the cheeks have been tinted with rouge and the lips with vermilion , the head is ready for the hair-dressing operations . For the best dolls , the wig is made by a lengthy process of fixing one or two hairs at a time , so as to give a natural appearance to the hair . In the common dolls , the hair is more quickly put on in locks . The black hair , most of which comes from abroad , is human ; but the favourite flaxen curls are of mohair , the silky wool of the Angora goat . Composition dolls ’ heads are made of pasteboard from iron moulds . The pasteboard is placed over a mould representing half a head cut vertically behind the ear , and is then forced by means of a pestle into every crevice . Another mould for the other half of the head , is similarly filled ; and when nearly dry , the two halves are removed from the moulds and pasted together . The head thus moulded , which becomes as hard as leather , is coated with a composition of size and whiting , washed with oil and turpentine ; and then having received a pair of eyes , is dipped into a vessel of melted wax , and re-dipped until it looks like a solid wax-head . The wax is then cut from off the eyes , and scraped from the part of the head which the hair will cover ; and the head is then ready for painting , powdering , and hair-dressing . A third class of dolls , known in the trade by the misnomer of ‘ rag dolls , ’ is the pretty muslin-faced creature with blue eyes and becoming cap . Her face is of wax , covered with an outer skin of muslin , and is made by pressing a wax mask , moulded in the ordinary way , into a mould exactly like the one in which the wax was cast , over which is stretched a piece of thin muslin . In this way the wax necessarily adheres so closely to the muslin , that it becomes a sort of skin to the mask . These faces are nothing but masks , and require the caps to conceal the junction with the skulls , made of calico and sawdust , like the bodies . The bodies are mostly the handiwork of women and the smaller members of the doll-maker 's family . The doll manufacturer gives out so many yards of calico which are to produce so many bodies , the sawdust to be found by the maker . Then by a division of labour in cutting out , sewing up , filling with sawdust , and making the joints , many dozen bodies will be turned out by one family in a week . The arms are a branch of the trade upon which certain persons are almost exclusively employed . They are made of calico above the elbow , of leather for the part below , and are paid for at the incredibly small price of sixpence-halfpenny a dozen pairs ; smaller arms for very cheap dolls costing three-halfpence a dozen pairs . We read that the hands , which thus cost each the sixteenth part of a penny , have always a certain number of fingers ! The materials are found by the makers themselves ; so when we consider that each doll sold to the public for sixpence should not cost more than threepence in the making , if the toy-merchant and the retailer are to earn a living , there remains but a pittance to be earned by the Caleb Plummers and Jenny Wrens . Though most dolls leave their first homes in an undressed condition , the larger establishments employ many young women in the dressmaking department of their trade . One article of dolls ’ attire forms a distinct branch of trade — the little many-coloured leather shoes , which are made from the waste material left by the makers of children 's ornamental boots and shoes . A thousand such pairs are made weekly by one large manufactory in Clerkenwell . And now we replace our puppets in their box , grateful for having been let into some of the mysteries of their creation , not only the more ready to admire the charming little picture of the toy-maker , by John Leech , in the Cricket on the Hearth , but more sensible of a sympathy with doll-nature , and more certain that toys are as much needed for old as for young . Happy is it if the toys of grown-up folks cause as little mischief and as much pleasure as the innocent toys of childhood ! FROM DAWN TO SUNSET . PART II . CHAPTER THE THIRTEENTH . When Deborah awaked , old Marjory was sitting watching over her ; the sun was still glorious on the woods outside , but the chamber was left in grateful gloom . She could not even distinguish her father 's picture ; but soon , clear and distinct through the gloom , laughed out the boyish face of Charlie . Charlie ? What had Charlie done ? Mute and still , Deborah looked up at her old nurse , while the darkness of reality dawned on her wakening mind . ‘ Thou'rt ill , child , ’ said old Marjory abruptly . ‘ What makes you think so , dame ? ’ asked Deborah faintly . ‘ Why , thy face betrays thee ; it is white as my apron , and thine was a sleep o ’ sorrow . I know it . Thou'lt eat summat now , an ’ no more o ’ these airs . ’ ‘ Have ye no letter or message for me , Marjory ? What are you hiding there ? ’ and Deborah raised herself in feverish excitement . ‘ Why , it 's a letter that 'll keep , I warrant me , my Lady Deb . It 's from the old man at Lincoln . ’ ‘ Give it me , Marjory , and leave me , dear old dame . I wish to be alone . ’ So Marjory left her ; but soon the old woman was knocking at the door again with food and wine for Deborah . She found her sitting on the floor white as a ghost . ‘ O child , thou'rt faintin ’ for good victuals ! There ! eat and drink like a Christian . Why , bless thee , Lady Deb , dear , I know the master 's in his old quandaries . But do n't take on , my Rose . ’ ‘ Dame , come and comfort me . Pray , take that food away ! Let me lay my head on thy kind old breast . Thou'rt a mother to me , Marjory — always wert . Dame , I 've no dear mother ! ’ The dame took her darling in her arms , and rocked her gently to and fro , with the toil-hardened old hand stroking the girl 's silken hair , and her grave old face laid against it . ‘ No ; thou hast no mother , poor lamb ; worse for thee . ’ ‘ It 's hard to know right from wrong , Marjory ; but I am quick to decide , and once decided , never falter . I try to do all for the best . ’ ‘ I know it , I know it . But child , my Lady Deb , have no dealin 's with that old man Master Sinclair . He 's a demon . ’ ‘ Hush ! or give the demon his due , Marjory . He has been kind to my brother Charlie . ’ ‘ For what ? We all know it ; all Enderby knows what he 's after . ’ ‘ That is no concern of Enderby 's . I hate this gossip . Look you , dame , if I choose to wed fifty such , it is no concern of Enderby 's . If I did wed Master Sinclair , it would be of mine own free will : let all the world know that ! ’ ‘ But thou'lt never wed him , dearie ! ’ cried the old nurse , in tremulous breathless haste . ‘ I do not answer you Yes or No ; but I am my own mistress . ’ ‘ Too much so — ever too much so , ’ muttered Marjory below her breath . ‘ What say'st thou , Marjory ? ’ ‘ That thou wantest a strong kind hand over thee , bein ’ too headstrong by half . I wish Master King was here ; he 'd advise thee ! ’ ‘ Best not , ’ said Deborah , with a quick breath of pain . ‘ Let “ Master King ” attend to his own affairs . Each one has his troubles . Nurse , love me ! I have need of it . O that I were a little tiny child again , when , in affright or in distress , I wrapped these arms o ’ thine about me ; and they would seem to shelter me from all the world ! O that thou wert magician , fairy , to give me my childhood back ! I was happy then . ’ ‘ An ’ not now ? What ails my bright bird ? Is it Master Charlie ? ’ ‘ O Marjory , do n't speak of that . Look you at his picture ; look there ! Could those fearless eyes ever turn aside in shame or dread ? Would Charlie , with all his faults , ever bring dishonour on us ? Tell me that ? ’ ‘ No , never . ’ The old face turned white , but did not flinch ; Marjory believed in the honour of her wild boy , as in her own soul . ‘ Ah , Marjory , nurse , my darling ! How I do love thee ! No ; never believe that any but a black liar would ever accuse Charlie Fleming of a mean low act . Wild , reckless he may be , but dishonourable , never ! Ah , my love , my comfort , our true and faithful friend , we believe in Charlie Fleming ! ’ ‘ Where is my boy ? ’ asked the old woman , with troubled tears in her eyes . ‘ Why do n't he come to Enderby ? They will say strange things o ’ him if he do n't come home . Oh , he 'll break his father 's heart by bein ’ so wild ; but it 's his father 's blood that 's in him . ’ ‘ And his mother 's too , for they say our sweet mother was a mad , mad lass . Dame , who was she ? What was my mother 's name ? ’ The girl gazed straight at the old woman till Marjory 's eyes fell , and the girl 's fair face was flushed with crimson . ‘ I have never asked you , ’ she said , ‘ not since I was a child ; but who was my mother , dame ? Prithee , tell me . Ah , say not that there was shame ! Poor and honest , I care not ; but naught of shame . ’ ‘ No , my Lady Deb , no ; naught o ’ shame . She was the child o ’ wedded parents , I promise thee ; she was lawful wedded wife , thy mother ; but if I was to tell thee who she was , Sir Vincent would strike me dead . I cannot tell thee ; there 's my faithful promise given , not . ’ ‘ I will not ask ye then . One day I will — must know . Does Charlie know ? ’ ‘ Ne'er from me or his father . But no one knows what Master Charlie knows . ’ ‘ There 's my father calling me ; I must go . Good-bye , dame . Pray for me . ’ Deborah went down into the hall . Sir Vincent got up and met her . He shut the door carefully , and led her to a chair ; he sat down opposite her , and screening his face from the light with one great sinewy hand , gazed out from under its shadow , as if he would read his daughter 's soul . For her part , she gazed at him with all her great and tender soul in her eyes , her own despair forgotten in her father 's . There was a long silence between them , each gazing on the other , sorrow-stricken and speechless . ‘ Father , ’ said Deborah softly then , ‘ sweet father , have I not done thee some good ? See ! here 's the letter from Lincoln ; and in three weeks I shall be Master Sinclair 's wife . It is my duty , father , my free choice . My heart is very strong . Sweet father , thou'rt sad still , ay , even heart-broken ; I know thy face so well ! I have saved Charlie . Listen ! This Master Sinclair puts everything in my power , makes me absolute mistress of all he has . My first act will be to save us from ruin ; Charlie from ruin too . But tell me what more there is ? What serpent has wronged Charlie falsely ? ay , falsely , for before heaven , father , I would swear that Charlie has done no dishonour ! Sooner would I doubt my own soul than his . He is incapable of double-dealing , incapable of all meanness and dishonesty . To doubt him , to believe for one moment that he could act dishonourably , is to believe that Charlie Fleming is no son of thine and mother 's ; that this Charlie Fleming is not the boy who has grown up under thine eyes and mine ; graceless , truly , but the very soul of honour . Even the masters at his school , his tutors , his comrades who knew him best , have done him justice in calling him honourable and true . Then doubt him not for one moment ! ’ Under the fire and sweetness of her faith in her brother , Sir Vincent waxed wan , and his fierce eyes grew dim with sadness . Laying one hand upon her hands , and shading his own face still , he whispered brokenly : ‘ Believe on — hope on . Sweet child , sweet Deb , my brave best one , I must confide in thee , or my old heart will break . This boy — this son , in whom I trusted — Ah me ! ’ and with his clenched hand on his brow and his eyes raised to heaven , the father gave a deep and bitter sob — ‘ has betrayed me — his father ! ’ With a strange hoarse eager whisper , and eyes that gleamed like a madman 's , Sir Vincent leaned forward and uttered those words to Deborah . She , white , still , waited without a word for more . ‘ I have seen the papers — Adam Sinclair holds them — by which that boy of mine has anticipated my death , and raised money upon Enderby ; his writing — his name — Charles Stuart Fleming . Adam Sinclair has got those papers out of Parry 's hands ; and by marrying thee , my fairest and my best , he buys those papers of Parry and destroys their shameful purport . But Deb — does that wipe out the stain ? Does that blot out the fact that that boy of mine , deceiving and betraying me — ay , cursing my lengthened life , and hungering for the old man 's death — has got a hound to raise this money ? Ay , that hound has in turn betrayed him into Sinclair 's hands ; and Charles Fleming 's black-heartedness is laid bare to him and me . ’ ‘ Have ye seen those papers , father , with your very eyes ? And Charlie 's writing ? ’ ‘ Ay , ay . ’ Deborah panted , terribly white and wild she looked , with her hands pressed on her side . Sir Vincent kneeled down beside her and laid his head upon her shoulder . Bitter , bitter was that hour . CHAPTER THE FOURTEENTH . Some days after that — it might have been centuries to Deborah Fleming — she heard a peal at the great hall bell ; and Kingston Fleming , pale , disordered in dress , and haggard-eyed , entered the library . Deborah was looking idly over the books , not reading ; she was stunned , and could neither read nor write ; she scarcely had the power of thought . One look at King , and she knew that he knew her fate . ‘ Deborah ! ’ he said , roughly and hoarsely , ‘ you have played me false ! By words strong and binding as an oath , you told your brother you would not wed Adam Sinclair — that no ruin , no misery , should lead you to so ignoble a sacrifice . Is it then under the mask of doing good , ye do this grievous evil ? Soiling your soul , sacrificing your life , not to save your father and your brother , for Charles Fleming would rather see you dead than accept your bounty then , but to win rank and money — to shuffle off this miserable coil of poverty , that wearies you ; and to sell yourself for gold and tinsel to this hoary reprobate ! No good intention , no amount of self-sacrifice , could justify so detestable a deed . ’ Palely beautiful , but full of calm scorn , Deborah Fleming faced her fiery and impetuous kinsman ; before she spoke , her haughty eyes flashed fire and disdain . ‘ Kingston Fleming , are you my brother ? Are you my guardian , my master , or the master of this house , that you dare to insult me thus ? What earthly right have you to question or to jeer at me ? Were I a man , I would strike you on the face for this . Coward ! Because I am alone and a woman , you dare to insult me by these words ! What if I choose to be wed to Adam Sinclair , and to love his “ gold and tinsel ; ” what is that to you ? What if I choose to “ sell ” my precious self for his name and fortune ; what is that to you ? I have my father 's consent ; I am under my father 's protection ; you have no earthly claim on me . Fair and friendly have you ever been to me . Courteous has been your kindly interest in me from childhood upwards ; but scarcely enough so , to justify your interference now . I thank you , Master Kingston Fleming , for your anxiety on my account ; but I 'll thank you also to leave me and mine alone . ’ Even in that wild moment , Kingston saw that she was trembling with fierce passion — ay , she could have struck him ; in that moment , she hated him . But Kingston too , goaded by his wild unavailing remorse and love , mad with the knowledge of how cruelly his taunt had wronged her , desperate at her beauty and her sacrifice , cared for nothing . Dashing down his hat and whip , he caught her hands in his : ‘ Beautiful , cruel , heartless , reckless Deborah ! Child , I have loved thee — too late , too late . I am free ! I am free to woo thee ; I am a free man now ! But when I come in mad haste to ask thy love and pity , I find thee betrothed , and cast away , and sold ! Listen ! I would have made thee love me . No woman on earth have I loved but Deborah Fleming ! I would have made thee love me ! ’ Then , with a sharp bitter cry , Deborah wrenched away her hands . Conscious of her brother 's dishonour , sublime in the greatness of her sacrifice , and her terrible secret and her suffering , she looked back on Kingston only with passion and scorn , to hide the love that would still master her , and hurled him back taunt for taunt . ‘ Ah ! you are a good one to preach honour and good faith to me ! throwing over one woman to woo another who is betrothed ! I feel dishonoured even to have heard your words of love , when I have plighted troth to Adam Sinclair . But do n't think to win or move me by thy treachery . Deborah Fleming does n't change her troth-plight every hour . Her vows once made , are binding , binding till death ! ’ ‘ Then good-bye , Deborah . ’ He took up his hat and whip and strode to the door . His looks were turned back on her , a smile was in his haggard eyes — intense passion , love , and suffering ; his face was pale as death . His last sight of her was the proud erectness of her figure , and the bright watchfulness of her beautiful haughty eyes , following him , and burning on him . But when he was gone from her sight , the bells of Enderby , as all through their interview , came clanging wildly out , clashing on heart and brain . ‘ I know not if I love or hate him most ! ’ cried the girl , half mad with her despair . ‘ I love him , and I hate him too ! ’ Then rang out the bells of Enderby , loud and clear , the refrain , ‘ I love him , and I hate him too ! ’ Low in the lull , loud and clear on the gale , ‘ I love him , and I hate him too ! ’ Mistress Dinnage in those days was well-nigh desperate . After hearing that Deborah Fleming was betrothed to Adam Sinclair and was to be wedded to him in three weeks ’ time , she knew no rest . It was all for Charlie , it was on his account ; Charlie therefore must know of this , and there would be an end of it . For two evenings Mistress Dinnage watched for her lover in vain . She had talked herself hoarse to Deborah ; she had exhausted threats and entreaties : she might as well have talked to the idle wind — and so she knew — as to Deborah once resolved . On the third evening-watch , however , Margaret saw the well-known form . She was out in a moment under the gloom of the trees and the twilight . ‘ I have somewhat to tell you , Charlie . Let me speak quickly and clearly , love . Your sister Deborah is betrothed to Master Sinclair ; they are to be wedded in two weeks and four days . There have been sad doings at Enderby . Your father ! Ah ! I dare not tell ye what I fear . But oh ! grievous trouble has he been in through tidings from Master Sinclair about you ! So Mistress Deborah promised then and there to be Master Sinclair 's wife . Oh , I tell you she is desperate since ! She loves another ; I know it ; but she gives up all for you and Enderby . ’ ‘ Can this be true ! Meg , I will kill him first . Has he betrayed me then ? What tidings has he sent ? ’ ‘ I know not ; but of terrible losses , be sure . Ah , dear , are ye not in terrible trouble , and waiting about for love of me ? Stay no longer , Charlie ! Think not o ’ me ; I will follow ; I 've got good courage . Release sweet Mistress Deborah . ’ ‘ How , quotha ? Death only will release that mad reckless girl . Ah ! I might have known her . ’ ‘ Neither prayers nor commands , Charlie , would she listen to ; no , not if you were rolling in riches now , she says she would not break her oath . Charlie ! O love , what do I urge you to ! You must fight that old man , and we must fly . Not to kill him , Charlie , hark ye !— not to kill him ; but to disable him for what life he has left ! Think me merciless , unwomanly ; I care not , so that it saves her . Or stay , stay , Charlie ! Will ye use all your influence first to turn him ? O ye can talk to tenderness a heart o ’ stone ! Talk to Adam Sinclair then till he melts to pity ; but set sweet Deborah free ! ’ ‘ Talk to him ! ’ said Charlie Fleming , with a short laugh ; ‘ ay , I will talk . But we have old accounts to settle first , old debts to square . We have a little affair to settle between ourselves , Adam Sinclair and I. Hark ye , Meg ! He has accused me of foul play — not to my face , not he ! but behind my back . He has accused me of cheating at cards — a dirty trick to brand on a man ; and as ye know , love , whatever Charlie Fleming 's faults , he would scorn so foul an act . I do n't mind telling ye now , Meg , that I must wipe off this slander with blood . All my comrades are up in arms at it ; and even now I am on my way to Lincoln , to meet Adam Sinclair face to face ; and in case I fall , Meg — to bid thee now farewell . ’ He took her in his arms ; he folded back the long dark hair from the passionate face . In bitter wrath and passion had she trembled at hearing of the foul slander put on his fair fame ; and her fiery spirit , following the spirit of his words , had made her grasp his hands , and pant and frown in eagerness for revenge . But when she pictured him dead — lying perchance beneath the old man 's deadly shot , stiffening in his blood , in the perished glory of his youth and strength — then her woman 's heart began to shudder and to faint : she leaned on his broad breast and moaned . ‘ What ! sick ? ’ he whispered . ‘ Faint ? A little poltroon ! The wife of a Fleming must be brave . Thou wouldst hate and despise Charles Fleming if he could for one moment brook such an insult as this . Come ; I meant to bid thee good-bye , and hide this from thee ; but now I have told thee all , thou must face death with me , and take it as it comes . ’ ‘ I know it ! I know it ! Not for one moment would I say aught but “ Go ! ” Yet , pity my woman 's fears ; think how long I have loved but thee ! Ay , I have kissed the stones where thy shadow passed ! and to lose thee now , now — my husband of but a week , my darling husband ! Nay ; I will not grieve before ‘ tis time ! ’ she cried with sudden fire , gazing up at him . ‘ See ! I am so brave that I would fain be thy second , and see thy true shot speed to that old coward heart ! Oh , thou'lt kill him , Charlie , thou'lt kill him , or hurt him sorely . A dead-shot he may be ; but men say thine is deadlier . Nay ; do not laugh ; I have listened , till I know better than thou canst know thyself , all Charles Fleming 's brave gifts . They say thou'rt a deadly shot . ’ He stooped and kissed her . ‘ A deadly shot ! Yes ; I will shoot him for love of thee . Better not mangle the old traitor ; I will kill him clean , or not at all . Thank heaven , if he kills me it will be clean ! Love , if I fall , do n't weep ; I leave a hope with thee . ’ These words were whispered ; she did not answer , she did not speak . A few more happy stolen hours , and he was gone . She went with him to the gate in the woods , where he was wont to come and go , through the mossed entrance and the tangled clambering ivy . There they stood , her hand upon the gate ; her dark head , that reached no higher than his heart , laid there . The mute clinging hand did not escape him ; every motion , every gesture of his young love , was marked by his keen hawk eyes , as if it were her last . He pulled open the stubborn gate ; still the two clung as if they would never part . ‘ Sweet love , good-bye . ’ He listened for her answer , but only heard a sob ; kisses were Margaret 's good-bye — kisses , and the deathless love within them . Then her arms fell asunder , and leaning against the gate , she let him go . With the iron grasped within her little hands , she stood gazing through the bars and saw him wave adieu ; still stood , while the quick hoofs bore him far away ; still stood , gazing for him through the night , though Mistress Margaret Fleming ( for Mistress Fleming indeed she was ) saw him no more ! COD-FISHING IN ICELAND . Though the French are not naturally a maritime nation , there is a hardy race of fishermen to be found on the coasts of Normandy and Brittany , from whose ranks are obtained a large proportion of the hands that are employed in the cod-fishing of Newfoundland and Iceland . Though it is a painful and dangerous occupation , there are few that offer a higher remuneration to the masters and crews ; the shoals of fish are inexhaustible , and the demand is always greater than the supply . It is , however , not always easy to get up the necessary complement of hands ; and captains sometimes have recourse to the unlawful acts of the press-gang of former days . A ship ready to start will enter a little creek on the coast of Brittany near an almost unknown village ; and after mass on Sunday , the captain announces at the church door that he is in want of men for Iceland . The advantages are loudly proclaimed : good food , good wine , brandy , meat three times a week , and above all , an immediate bounty of from four to eight pounds , with future pay in proportion to the results . The extreme poverty of the peasants makes such a sum of money seem fabulous ; they have only to say Yes . And yet , how hard it is to them to leave their beloved home and speak the fatal word ! The captain knows how to overcome their irresolution . Installed in a neighbouring cabaret , he patiently waits until some young and vigorous men enter , when he pours forth all his eloquence , enumerates the advantages , slurs over the danger and fatigue , shakes the gold in his purse , orders an abundance of cider and brandy , and in the end , draws his victims into the net . The engagement is signed ; and the labourer , who has spent the winter in collecting sea-weed for the fields and sowing his crops , leaves the women to manage the rest . All being favourable , he will return in September with twenty pounds in his pocket . A few voyages make him a good sailor , when he can be drafted into the fleet at Cherbourg , thence to be transformed into a servant of his country . From the difficulty of obtaining men , French shipbuilders reduce the labour by mechanical appliances ; so that five or six men will navigate ships of two hundred tons . But in cod-fishing craft it is necessary to have as many men as possible , and twenty are usually taken . The arrangements are wofully insufficient . There are only sleeping-places for a third ; one sailor resting whilst two are fishing . Thus , after six hours spent on deck without shelter from rain , wind , and snow , the waves washing over and the heavy line in their hands , the men go down stiff with cold and worn out with fatigue . Yet they must lie dressed as they are , on a hard damp mattress ; and frequently the clothes are never changed from the beginning to the end of the voyage . After five voyages a man is authorised to take the command , and though styled captain , he is nothing more than the head of the fishermen . It is his work to keep the account of the number of cod caught ; the sailors taking care as they hook a fish to cut out its tongue and place it in a bag hung to their belt . When the hour of repose comes the tongues are taken to the captain , and about ten centimes is allowed for each . The second in office is only chosen as being the most skilful with his line ; then comes the man who cuts off the cods ’ heads , opens and prepares the fish for the salter ; and lastly the one who lays them in the barrels and closes them for sale . With this short description of the crew we will pass over the voyage , as described by a French writer , M. Aragon , and take the reader to the Icelandic coast , Patrix-Fiord , where a number of vessels are already collected . Deserted during the past season , it now presents a scene of the greatest animation . A man-of-war is there to provide for any repairs that may be needed ; carpenters and blacksmiths are busy doing their work , the bay echoes with the noise of hammers and saws . Other vessels , called chasseurs , come from France to take away the fish . On the shore rises the little wooden hut of the cocman , a Danish merchant who lives there during the summer months to trade with the people and sell spirits . No night comes on to interrupt the incessant labour ; during the middle of May the sun is never below the horizon , and but a few stars may be seen on the zenith about the end of June . Those ships that have chosen their position for fishing take down their sails and lie as quietly at anchor as the wind will permit , the men standing in a close line at the side of the vessel . They are clothed from head to foot in knitted or flannel garments , with waterproof capes and hats . A petticoat of strong linen is tied round the waist , descending below the knees , and to preserve the feet from wet they wear woollen stockings and waterproof boots . Thick woollen gloves lined with leather save their hands from the injury of constant friction from the heavy line . The whole forms a curious picture of ragged , patched , greasy , well-tarred habiliments , which a comic pencil might rejoice to portray . The men , indifferent to their appearance , seek only to be saved from moisture . The lines they use are necessarily very heavy to bring on board a fish weighing say forty pounds . There are two hooks baited with the entrails of fish ; but the voracity of the cod is such that it is scarcely necessary to be too particular as to the lure . Thus the men stand for six hours consecutively , gently moving the line , and when a shake indicates a catch , lifting the heavy weight on board . The fatigue is very great , and much of it is pure loss , as the line too often brings up another fish , called the fl é tan , which though very good to eat , does not bear preserving . The sailors hold this interloper in extreme aversion , as it often breaks the line by its weight , and gives them much trouble to heave on board . Let us now take a glance at the scenery which surrounds these hardy seamen . The coast is broken up into large gulfs , strewn with shoals and reefs of a most dangerous character , where misfortunes are so frequent that the place is called by the fishermen ‘ The Ships ’ Cemeteries . ’ Enormous precipices line the coast , with heaps of volcanic stones , worn by the action of the waves , lying at the foot . These rocks are cut at certain distances into spaces like the mouth of an immense river , called fiords , which communicate with the sea by a comparatively narrow inlet , and spread out into a sort of lake , surrounded by vertical and jagged rocks . The more sinuous the outlet , the more sure is the anchorage ; and in each bay there is generally found one sandy spit , forming a sort of natural jetty , behind which the ships are secure , and where the cocman builds his hut . Far away in the distance rises the gigantic cone of the extinct volcano Sneffiels-J œ kul , whose summit is covered with rosy-tinted snow . In the hollows of the rocks thousands of sea-birds build their nests , to be slaughtered by the inhabitants at a certain season for the sake of fuel , their flesh being utterly unpalatable to the least fastidious appetite . One of the most important fiords is the Dyre-Fiord , where a small hamlet of a dozen huts or b œ rs is built in a large meadow . These constructions are not easy to describe ; they are low and massive , formed of lava-stone and peat . To avoid cold and damp within , a very small door opens into a dark narrow passage , towards which the rooms converge . The walls and pointed roof are covered with turf , upon which grows a thick crop of grass , making it very difficult to distinguish the b œ r from the field in which it stands . Within , the accommodation is most simple — a kitchen and one sleeping-apartment , with closets to contain provisions , clothes , and fishing apparatus . Beyond the vegetable garden is a building for drying fish , the planks of which are separated to admit the free circulation of the air . Here the decapitated cod are hung , emitting a savour far from pleasant . The heads form the food of the Icelanders with butter and milk ; the fish are sold for export . The sea-wolf is also largely eaten , though its flesh is tough and rancid , the frequency of leprosy and elephantiasis in the island being attributed to this unwholesome diet . Men and women , masters and servants , all inhabit the same room , whilst cleanliness is not much attended to ; but poor as they are , and accustomed to great privations , they set an example of cheerful contentment . The beauty of the young girls is remarkable ; their fair hair falls in long plaits , partially covered by a black cloth coif , daintily worn on one side of the head , and finished at the top with a tassel of coloured silk run through a silver or steel buckle , which floats on the shoulder . It reminds the traveller of the Greek head-dress ; but the blue eyes with their sweet benevolent expression soon recall to his mind their Danish origin . The dress is made of the cloth woven in the country , and on festival days the bodice is gaily adorned with silver braid and velvet , whilst the belt and sleeves are ornamented with silver devices , beautifully chased and often of great value . On wet and cold days the shawl becomes a useful mantilla , completely enveloping the head , and defending the wearer from the effects of the frequent storms . The people offer the most generous and cordial hospitality to all travellers , and especially to shipwrecked mariners . An opportunity for proving this hospitality once occurred in the open and dangerous bay of the Westre-Horn , surrounded by breakers and reefs . Here forty vessels were fishing on a fine morning in March , when the breeze began to freshen . The cod was abundant , and the men were tempted to stay too near the coast . All the vessels but five doubled the point ; these beaten back by the enormous waves , and not daring to raise a sail , were broken on the rocks . Thirty men reached the shore , sixty-six found a watery grave . The Sea-bird struggled long , until breaking up , all perished excepting the mate and cabin-boy ; the former had received a severe wound in the leg by falling on some broken glass . Tied to the rigging , together they awaited their fate , frozen with cold , the waves washing over them . After three hours the boy expired of exhaustion ; and the mate unloosing the ropes was soon thrown on to the shore . The corpses of his friends were lying around him , the survivors having gone inland for shelter ; but with great difficulty he followed them , crossing streams and marshes , sinking into ice and snow at every step , his wounded leg torn by the sharp points . Six weary hours were thus passed , when his heartrending cries at length reached two Icelanders , who carried him into a b œ r not far off . For five months these good people nursed and tended the sufferer . At the end of that time he was still confined to bed , but the healing had begun . A vessel was sent round to bring him away ; yet his hosts evinced much sorrow at the prospect of his departure . At their request the captain left him one night longer , when the shipwrecked mariner was escorted to the beach by the whole family , all manifesting a deep emotion . After thanking the father , not only for his care of the survivor , but also for the burial he had given to the victims of the storm , the captain assured him that the French government would indemnify him for the expense he had incurred ; but the good man only pressed his hand , declaring that he had done his duty , and deserved neither indemnity , thanks , nor recompense . The Minister of Marine sent a gold medal to him after hearing of his generous conduct . Robbery , murder , and theft are almost unknown in this peaceful little country ; not a soldier or policeman is needed even in the capital Reikiavik ; a fact which fully proves the virtues of the Icelanders . Travellers have asserted that the hospitality was not quite so disinterested as it appears , and there may be an exception in certain localities , such as the road to the Geysers , traversed every year by many tourists . Here the Lutheran ministers offer shelter in their churches , which are transformed into hotels , and provide fish , milk , and coffee for those who need it at a certain charge . Roads are almost unknown ; the configuration of the ground wholly prevents their formation . The island has been the scene of such tremendous volcanic action that the mountains are heaped together in the most fantastic manner . From the glaciers which cover the summits of extinct volcanoes rush torrents of water , bringing down the disintegrated rocks to accumulate in the valleys below . Yet in the midst of these convulsions , Nature does not forget her rights , and wherever a little earth can be found there grows a tuft of grass . Meadows undulating with the rocky ground cover it with a green mantle , and in summer the botanist will find most of the wild-flowers which bloom in our temperate climates . During the winter , the water infiltrating through the soil turns the whole into an impassable marsh , where the unwary traveller may sink into quicksands of the most dangerous character , since there is no exterior sign to denote their existence . In a country whose natural configuration scarcely admits of carriage-roads , ponies are invaluable , their robust constitution defying alike climate and fatigue . Small in size , quiet and patient , they resemble the Corsican or Pyrenean breed . Such is their docility , that the most inexperienced rider may mount without fear , and trust to their instinct in the difficult mountain passes . Three or four thousand are exported yearly into England , where they are used chiefly for coal-mines ; and such is the estimation in which they are now held , that their cost has largely increased . The eider-duck is one of the most profitable sources of revenue , and strict laws prevent their wanton destruction . A gun is not allowed to be fired near the places they frequent , for fear of alarming them ; thus they have become so tame that they allow themselves to be stroked without fear . They choose the islands for their homes — where their deadly enemy the fox cannot reach them — and the steep barren rocks in the fiords . Many of the owners clear a thousand a year by the sale of the down , without any expense . It is scarcely necessary to make laws for the preservation of game , since shooting is a pleasure the Icelanders wholly despise . The curlew , snipe , golden plover , and wild-duck abound , as well as the delicate white partridge ; but the natives despise them as food , and prefer smoked or dried salmon , with which their streams abound . In the middle of August the greater part of the French ships meet in the Faskrud-Fiord before starting home . By this time the snow is beginning to fall and ice to form around the bays . Detached icebergs make their appearance in forms as singular as varied , sometimes resembling fantastic animals or the prow of a ship . The anchors are raised , and the convoy leaves the wintry shore ; and anticipations of home once more dawn on the weary fishermen . THE ADMIRAL 'S SECOND WIFE . CHAPTER VII .— COMING-HOME . Preparations for the much-talked-of marriage are pushed on rapidly ; and before the spring flowers are making the slopes of Hayes Hill glad with their brightness , the wedding — a very quiet one — takes place . Laura Best is not present , though everybody says how charmingly she has acted towards Katie . She called on the bride-elect , and on the wedding morning a short perfumy note of congratulation and a handsome set of opals arrive as a marriage gift . Sir Herbert is pleased at his daughter 's attentions to his bride , and is glad that after all such a friendly feeling has sprung up between them . The fact is , Laura Best , finding that opposition cannot prevent the marriage , has decided to give it her apparent sanction . Not for worlds would she interfere with the happiness of the wedded pair or throw unpleasantness on their path . So she quietly does all that is needful in the way of proper attention , and then goes home to Hayes Hill to her children and duties there . Yet in secret she bears a heavy heart with her , and mourns over her father 's infatuation . If the Admiral 's wedding has been a quiet one , the home-coming is destined to be quite the reverse . The whole town of Seabright wakes up , and great preparations are made to welcome the pair . The ships in the bay are illuminated , flags flutter in the breeze , and bells peal out their jubilant chimes . Katie smiles proudly to herself as she walks through the lofty apartments of Government House , and feels she is mistress there now . It is pleasant to roam about everywhere , and know that she has the right to do so ; pleasant also to stand in the shade of the deep window , and listen to the joyous pealing of the bells , which she knows are pealing for her . Wealth and rank are in her grasp ; she has entered on the honours of her new position , and will rule with no timid hand . Self-confident and fearless , she laughs to herself in utter exultation at the warnings , the croakings , the forebodings that a while ago assailed her . Walter Reeves is very angry indeed , when he finds out how unceremoniously he has been set aside ; and he is intensely bitter against Katie in the first flush of his disappointment ; so doubtless it is fortunate for all concerned that his ship , the Leo , is ordered off on a cruise in the Mediterranean . He will be away for nearly twelve months , and surely in that time the most poignant heart-wound may be healed . Besides , change of scene is all-potent in such cases ! As months pass away , Lady Dillworth 's tastes rapidly expand and assert themselves ; ere long she becomes the leader of society in Seabright , and the most fashionably dressed woman there . Sir Herbert is generous beyond measure ; Katie must not have a wish ungratified , or a desire unfulfilled if he can help it . And so the young wife , loving admiration and homage with a wild passion , basks in them to her heart 's content . The semi-official parties at Government House , stately and dignified as they were , rapidly give place to balls and quadrille assemblies , to late hours and overcrowded rooms . The junior officers of the ships rejoice at the change ; while the older ones shake their heads ominously , and gradually withdraw themselves from excitements that have no longer any charms for them . Lady Dillworth is the belle on all occasions . Whether she entertains the company with her rich voice as she sings for them , or delights them with her sparkling conversation , or whirls with some favoured ones through waltz or galop , she is ever the attraction of the evening . If the Admiral sometimes thinks there is rather too much gaiety , and longs to have Katie now and then all to himself , he does not say so , for he cannot bear to deprive her of any enjoyment on which her heart is set . Often and often during the season , at Katie 's old home , sounds of the rattle of carriages come up to the cosy drawing-room , and the lamps flash for a moment on the blinds . ‘ There they go — another party at Government House , I suppose ! ’ Mr Grey will say , as he quietly looks up from his books . ‘ Yes , my dear ; Katie is giving a ball to-night , and such a magnificent dress she has got for it ! Sir Herbert grudges her nothing . ’ ‘ So much the worse for Katie . Spending is an art easily learned ; and where in the world she gained her education on that point , I am puzzled to know . Not from you , Sarah ; you were always economical . ’ ‘ Katie 's position is different from ours , dear ; she must keep it up . ’ ‘ But she has no need to keep up such an endless whirl . I wonder the Admiral is not tired to death of it . I should be , I know . ’ And so , all through the quiet night , husband and wife are roused every now and then from their slumbers by the rattle of passing wheels ; and Mrs Grey sighs to herself about Katie 's love for excitement , but will not blame her aloud , even to her husband 's ears . CHAPTER VIII .— RETURN OF THE ‘ LEO . ’ December comes round again with its blustering winds and rude gales ; there is every prospect of a spell of rough weather , and Captain Walter Reeves looks with intense satisfaction at his gallant ship the Leo , again riding securely at her anchor in Seabright Bay . A season on shore just now , when festivities are about to commence , is in his idea far preferable to being tossed about on a squally sea or cruising about from port to port ; so he congratulates himself on being ordered home . He hears of the gay doings at Government House , and how Katie is the reigning belle of Seabright ; and he listens placidly , without one throb of emotion . Time has proved a panacea . He has no pang of regret that Sir Herbert is the husband of this very attractive woman of fashion , instead of himself . As a matter of duty , he is on his way to call at Government House , when outside a fashionable shop in one of the streets he sees a well-appointed carriage drawn up , and in it he catches a glimpse of a well-known form and face . An obsequious shopman is standing on the edge of the curb-stone displaying some articles of bijouterie ; a coachman in dark livery , with a black cockade in his hat , is holding the reins . It is Lady Dillworth . There is no mistaking her imperial manner , as she speaks out in that slightly commanding voice ; neither is there any mistaking her handsome face , her brilliant eyes , her dark coronal of hair , as she sits there in her proud beauty . Walter , as he crosses the street , takes note of her velvet , her sealskin , and the feathers and the damask rosebuds in her bonnet , and thinks all this suits the Admiral 's wife very well . He hears her say to the shopman : ‘ The price is eight guineas , you say . Are the stones real ? ’ ‘ Yes , my Lady ; and they are very fine and well set . You are the first to whom I have had the honour of shewing them . ’ ‘ Send one of them to Government House . Or stay , ’ adds she musingly — ‘ I want another for a present for a friend ; so you may send me two bouquet-holders . ’ ‘ Sixteen guineas for such rubbish as that ! I 'm very glad the money comes out of the Admiral 's purse , and not out of mine . A poor Commander 's exchequer would not stand many such attacks as that , ’ thinks Walter , rather ungallantly , as he now greets the occupant of the carriage . Katie is surprised to see him , and says so as she holds out her daintily gloved hand . ‘ I had no idea the Leo had returned . Have you been long here ? ’ ‘ I arrived only last night , and am on my way to Government House . ’ ‘ How unfortunate there is no one at home ! Sir Herbert went to Belton Park this morning , and I am on my way to the station to meet a friend who is coming to stay with me . By-the-by , you know the young lady — Liddy Delmere . Do you remember her ? ’ ‘ Is n't she very pretty and a blonde ? ’ ‘ Yes ; she has both those attractions . ’ ‘ And does n't she sing nicely ? ’ ‘ O yes ! Liddy can sing if she likes ; and her voice is not a bad soprano , ’ replies Lady Dillworth with one of her brightest smiles . ‘ Then I 'm sure I 've often met her at your house in former days . ’ ‘ You had better come and refresh your memory this evening . We shall be quite alone , and very pleased to see you at Government House . ’ Captain Reeves is of course delighted to meet Lady Dillworth on such friendly terms . He accepts the impromptu invitation at once . The past , with its shadows and disappointments and jealousies , is gone for ever . Better now to banish every recollection of it from his heart , and meet Katie on an entirely new footing . As if by tacit understanding , they both decide this is the wisest plan . They meet and separate as mere every-day acquaintances . Nothing can be more unembarrassed than her ladyship 's smile as she acknowledges Walter 's parting bow , and drives off , to the admiration of the staring urchins in the street . ‘ Quite alone ’ is a mere relative term with Lady Dillworth ; for when the footman throws open the drawing-room door on that evening to announce Captain Reeves , the latter sees the room is already half full of guests . Katie stands near the piano ; her dark velvet dress falls in sweeping folds , unbroken by flounce or trimming ; the beautiful set of opals — her step-daughter 's wedding present — shine out with a subdued light from neck , arms , and breast . Beside her is Liddy Delmere , who in her bright blue silk dress , and with her sunny hair tied with ribbons of the same azure tint , forms a contrast to her hostess , in which neither loses . Ere long , Walter finds himself seated beside Miss Delmere , for they have renewed their acquaintanceship with mutual satisfaction , and plunge at once into discursive recollections of the past . ‘ We had some pleasant times together in the days long ago , ’ begins Walter . ‘ O yes ; I remember meeting you several times at Mrs Grey 's , also at a picnic on Bushby Plain , and at a gipsy party . Had n't we capital fun sometimes ? ’ ‘ Yes , really . What a pity these happy days are over . We never can recall those bright fresh hours , when the heart gilds everything with a magic glamour . ’ ‘ Speak for yourself , Captain Reeves ! For my part , I enjoy things as much as ever I did ; and my heart “ gilds ” a good deal still . Do tell me some of your adventures . What have you been doing all the months you were away ? ’ ‘ Nothing worth relating . I neither discovered a desert island nor a new race of savages . I really have no wonders to narrate . ’ ‘ How marvellous ! The very lack of incidents makes the thing curious . Now , if I had been cruising about in the Leo for months , I should have gleaned materials enough for at least two volumes of travels . ’ ‘ Ah ! you ladies draw largely on the imagination . My experience is just this : I went away from England last spring ; I return again in time for the Christmas pudding . ’ ‘ You sailors are all alike . I never met one yet who could give me the merest sketch of his voyage — all seems a blank , but the going and returning , ’ Liddy asserts laughingly . ‘ We had some nice balls at Malta , ’ replies Walter , rousing himself with a sudden recollection . ‘ Had you ? Who gave them ? ’ ‘ Sometimes we did ; and crowds of the prettiest girls I ever saw , came . ’ ‘ Very flattering to the givers . ’ ‘ Oh , I wish you could see the Auberge de Provence when it is made ready for a ball ; it looks just like a fairy scene . The old knights of Provence would never recognise the place if they could return to take a peep at it . As one passes through the hall , it appears like an orange grove ; the trees are full of golden fruit and fragrant blossoms ; and clusters of coloured lamps shine out like rubies through the green leaves . ’ Walter is fairly launched into his subject now ; one recollection speedily calls up another , till Liddy and he grow eloquent , and enjoy themselves amazingly . He begins describing some musical charades they ‘ got up ’ at Malta . ‘ How nice they must be ! But I can n't quite understand them . ’ ‘ We merely take a word , divide it , and make our singing descriptive of the parts , instead of acting them out . For instance , take Ravenswood . ’ ‘ A sweet word , particularly if one has to croak out a raven chorus ! Oh , I should like that extremely ! ’ laughs Liddy . ‘ Ah , no ; you do n't catch my meaning . We make quite a grand affair of it , have a drop-scene , on which birds and trees are painted , and our illustrations are from the opera of Lucia di Lammermoor . ’ ‘ Quite a musical drama on a small scale , I declare ! I wish we could get up something of the sort here . I 'll ask Lady Dillworth about it . And here she comes . ’ Katie walks over , looking rather amused at the evident good understanding between Liddy and Walter , as they thus interchange recollections with much empressement . She seats herself beside them , and the subject is discussed in all its points . Lady Dillworth enters into it with impulsive eagerness . Already she is longing for something new and fresh , something that will cause a sensation among the ‘ upper ten ’ at Seabright . Several other guests join them , and ere long an animated group of people are professing willingness to aid such a charming scheme ; anything novel is so attractive to those whose whole life is excitement . Walter takes the initiative at once . ‘ I have all the music we need . The bandmaster of the 25th arranged it for me with the songs , duets , and choruses . It 's capital for drawing-room practice , if we can only get enough performers . ’ Everybody is ready to join , so the r ô le is settled on the spot . Walter is to be Edgar ; Liddy , Lucy Ashton . But here the young lady enters a protest . ‘ I do n't wish to be Lucy . If you want me , you must let me be Lucy 's mother . I make a splendid old woman . ’ ‘ Then who will be the unfortunate bride ?— Will you , Lady Dillworth ? ’ asks Major Dillon , turning towards her . ‘ O yes , if Miss Delmere objects . ’ So it is settled . Walter infects the whole party with his eagerness . Scenes , music , costumes , and arrangements are talked over ; and Katie is all anxiety to carry out the plans with due effect . Walter is to bring on shore the music-scroll and sketches of the costume ; and the intended performers are invited to meet him to-morrow morning at Government House , for the first rehearsal . ‘ Now that affair is settled , we 'll have some music , ’ Katie says , as she rises and goes towards the piano . Walter follows her . ‘ Have you forgotten all your songs , Captain Reeves ? ’ ‘ O no . How could I ? You taught me most of them , ’ he replies . ‘ Will you try one now ? ’ ‘ Do n't ask me to sing a solo . I should break down at once ; but if you will allow me to join you in a duet , I 'll try to manage it . ’ Katie turns over a book of manuscript music , and they fix on Then and Now . ‘ The words are dreadfully stupid , but the air is pretty , ’ asserts Lady Dillworth , as she runs over the prelude : We heard the tower bells pealing On that soft summer night , Your hand was linked with mine , love ; Your heart , like mine , was light . We whispered low together Of that hope and of this ; While far above , the joyous bells Seemed echoes of our bliss . Again those bells are pealing ; We hear them now , and sigh ; No longer can their chimes , love , Blend with our thoughts of joy . Our lives for aye are parted ; And on the wintry air , Those crashing sounds but haunt us now , Like echoes of despair . The two voices ring harmoniously and plaintively through the rooms . One could almost imagine the singers are actually using the ‘ past to give pathos ’ to the words . But nothing is further from their thoughts . Katie is only deciding that , after all , Walter 's voice will ‘ do ’ with hers in the duets of the charade ; and Walter is wishing — just a little — that Miss Delmere had retained the part of Lucy , as at first proposed . ELECTRICITY AS A LIGHT-PRODUCER . It has long been the opinion of scientific people that in electricity we have a power the development of which is only at present in its infancy . The marvellous details of our telegraphic system constantly remind us that there is a mysterious fluid round about us which can to a certain extent be made subservient and obedient to the will of man . This familiarity with that which would a few centuries ago have been stigmatised as the outcome of sorcery , has led the ignorant to place a blind belief in its powers . The subtle fluid has in fact taken the place of the necromancer 's wand , and is believed by many to be capable of anything or everything . The electrician is thus credited with much that does not of right belong to his domain , and the wildest speculations are occasionally indulged in as to what next he will do for us . That electricity will prove of far more extended use than the present state of knowledge allows , we all have vague anticipations , and among these is the reasonable hope that it will some day supersede coal-gas as a means of artificial illumination . We propose , by a brief review of the present position of electrical research , to point out how far such a hope is justified by facts . Sir Humphry Davy was the first to discover that when the terminal wires of a powerful electric battery were furnished with carbon-points and brought into such a position that they almost touched , the space between them became bridged over with a dazzling arc of light . The excessive cost of producing this light ( owing to the rapid consumption of the metal-plates and acids which together form the battery-power ) rendered it for a long time almost inapplicable to any other purpose than that of lecture-room demonstration . But it was evident to all that a means of illumination so nearly approaching in its intensity the light of the sun , would , if practicable , be of immense value to society at large . Apart from its cost , there were many other hindrances to its ready adoption . The incandescent carbon-points — which we may here remark are cut from a hard form of gas-coke — were found to waste away unequally . Some plan had therefore to be hit upon of not only replacing them at certain intervals , but also , in view of this inequality of consumption , of preserving their relative distance the one from the other ; otherwise the light they gave became intermittent and irregular . These difficulties were met by employing clock-work as a regulator , and more recently by a train of wheelwork and magnets set in motion by the current itself . These arrangements naturally led to complications , which required the constant supervision of skilled operators , and the coveted light was necessarily confined to uses of a special nature where the question of cost and trouble was unimportant . The use of the battery for the electric light has for some years been almost entirely superseded by the magneto-electric machine . The construction of this machine is based upon Faraday 's discovery , that when a piece of soft iron inclosed in a coil of metal wire is caused to pass by the poles of a magnet , an electric current is produced in the wire . The common form of this machine consists of a number of such iron cores so arranged upon a revolving cylinder that in continual succession they fly past a number of stationary horse-shoe magnets placed in a frame round its circumference . By a piece of mechanism called a commutator , the various small streams of electricity thus induced are collected together into one powerful current . This invention forms one of the most advanced steps in the history of the electric light . But although it produces electricity without the consumption of metal involved in the battery system , another element of cost comes into view in the expense of the steam-power necessary to work it ; besides which the original outlay is considerable . In the year 1853 a Company was formed at Paris for producing ( by the aid of some large magneto-electric machines ) gas for combustion , by the decomposition of water . The Company failed to produce gas , and what was perhaps more to the annoyance of the subscribers , they failed also to shew any dividends , and the expensive machines were voted impostors . However , an Englishman , Mr Holms , succeeded in turning them to better account , and eventually produced by their aid a light of great power . Mr Wilde of Manchester was another worker in the same field ; and improved machines were soon introduced to public notice by both gentlemen . A few years after , the South Foreland and Dungeness lighthouses were provided with experimental lights . ( The first-named headland had previously been furnished with an oxyhydrogen or lime light , a source of illumination which is also open to the same objections of requiring constant attention and renewal .) It is a matter of surprise to most visitors to the South Foreland lighthouse to find that a small factory and staff of men are necessary to keep the electric apparatus in working order . The extent of the establishment is partly explained by the fact that , in case of a breakdown of any part of the apparatus , everything is kept in duplicate . Hence there are two ten horse-power steam-engines , and a double set of magneto-electric machines , although only half that number are in actual use at one time . The old oil-lamps are also kept ready , in view of the improbable event of both sets of electrical apparatus going wrong . Although lighthouses were the first places to which electrical illumination was applied , there are many other purposes for which that species of light is invaluable . One of the chief of these is its use in submarine operations . Unlike other lights , being quite independent of atmospheric air or any kind of gas for its support , and merely requiring an attachment of a couple of gutta-percha-covered wires for its connection with the source of electricity ( which may be at a considerable distance from the place of combustion ) , it is specially applicable to the use of divers . The importance of a means of brilliantly lighting the work of those engaged in clearing wreck or laying the foundations of subaqueous structures cannot be over-estimated . There is another service too in which we may hope some day to see it commonly employed : we mean as a source of light to our miners . For this purpose , the burner could be placed in a thick glass globe hermetically closed ; in fact the globe might even be exhausted of air , for experiments prove that the light is in several respects improved when burnt in a vacuum ! The danger of fire-damp explosion would by this means be almost altogether obviated ; for unless the glass were broken ( and abundant means suggest themselves for protecting it ) , no communication could be made between the light and the gas-laden air of the mine . As a means of night-signalling , the electric light can also be profitably applied . This can be done by an alphabet of flashes of varying duration ; the readiness with which the light can be extinguished and rekindled by the mere touch of a wire , rendering it peculiarly adapted for such a purpose ; while the distance at which it can be seen is perhaps only limited by the convexity of the earth . Several of Her Majesty 's ships are now being fitted with the electric light , which is to serve both for signalling purposes , and as a precautionary measure against the attack of torpedo-boats . For military field operations a brilliant light is often useful ; and an electrical apparatus is in actual use by one of the belligerents in the present war . In this case , the light is doubtless worked by an electric battery , as a steam-engine is hardly a convenient addition to the impedimenta of a moving column . Having called our readers ’ attention to the several special public uses for which the electric light is available , we may now consider how far it can serve us for the more common wants of every-day life . In its crude state as we have described it , governed by such a touchy thing as clock-work , it could not possibly compete with gas for ordinary purposes . But one or two improvements have within the last few months been made , which have led many to hope that the day is not far distant when the light will become common in our streets , if not in our houses . These improvements are two in number . The one is a plan whereby the electric current can be subdivided so as to serve a number of different lights , and the other is an improvement in the arrangement of the burner . The first-mentioned invention seems most certainly to bring the system more on a par with gas-lighting , only that wires take the place of pipes . But the second offers features of a more novel character . The carbons , instead of being placed point to point , one above the other , as in the old system , are put side by side and made into a kind of candle . The carbons therefore represent a double wick ; while the portion of the candle usually made of tallow is made of kaolin , a form of white clay used in the manufacture of porcelain . The points are thus kept at a fixed distance apart ; and as they burn , they vitrify the kaolin between them , which both checks their waste and adds , by its incandescence , to the light produced . The old difficulty of keeping the carbons apart by the aid of clock-work , therefore disappears . The invention of this ‘ electric candle ’ is due to a Russian engineer , M. Jablochkoff . Another plan which is also credited to the same inventor is that of doing away with the carbon-points altogether , and substituting for them a thin plate of kaolin . The light produced is said to be softer , steadier , and more constant than that obtained by any previous method . Successful experiments with M. Jablochkoff 's invention both in France and England have shewn it to be readily applicable to many purposes . It was lately tried at the West India Docks , London , where its power of illuminating large areas for the purpose ( among others ) of unloading ships by night , was fully demonstrated . Moreover , its portability is such that it can be carried into the depths of a ship 's hold . We may mention as a result of these experiments , that the various gas companies ’ shares have been depreciated to a considerable extent . Meanwhile , improvements in the magneto-electric machine have not been wanting ; Siemens in England and Gramme in France have succeeded in obtaining intense currents from machines far less bulky than those of the old pattern . But still steam-power is required to set them in motion , and until this is obviated , we cannot expect that the electric light can become really available for more general use . The inventors claim that their method of illumination is , for the amount of light obtained , far cheaper than any other known , pleading that one burner is equal to one hundred gas-lights . But we must remember that for ordinary purposes this amount of light is far beyond our needs . In factories where steam-power is already available , and where the light would supersede a large number of gas-burners , it can of course be employed with profit . Indeed we learn that at several large workshops in different parts of France the light is in actual use with the best results . Some of the railway stations both there and in Belgium are also making arrangements for its immediate adoption . The problem , however , which has now to be solved is , whether the light can be made available for domestic purposes . We fear that the necessary motive-power presents an insuperable objection ; for although , as we have explained , one engine will feed a certain number of lights , it will bear no comparison in this respect with the capabilities of a small gas-holder . Besides which , a man would have far more difficulty and expense in starting a steam-engine in his back-garden than he would have ( as is commonly done in country districts ) in founding a small gas-factory for the supply of his premises . Without losing sight of the benefits which coal-gas has given us , we may hope that it is not the last and best kind of artificial illumination open to us . It blackens our ceilings and walls ; it spoils our books and pictures , besides robbing our dwellings of oxygen , and giving us instead a close and unhealthy atmosphere . The combustion of electricity is on the other hand , as we have already shewn , independent of any supply of air ; and instead of vitiating the atmosphere , it adds to it a supply of that sea-side luxury ozone , which may truly be said to be ‘ recommended by the faculty . ’ Besides these advantages , it can be used without any sensible rise of temperature . Another great advantage which its use secures is its actinic qualities , which would enable artists and all whose work depends upon a correct appreciation of colours , to be independent of daylight . In conclusion , we may say that , beyond the special uses for the electric light which we have enumerated , and for which it has by experience been found practicable , we see no likelihood of its more general adoption until two requisites are discovered . The one is a substance that will , without wasting away and requiring constant renewal , act as an incandescent burner ; and the other is a cheap and ready method of obtaining the electric fluid . For the former we know not where to look , for even the hardest diamond disappears under contact with the electric poles . But with regard to the latter , we cannot help thinking how , many years ago , Franklin succeeded by the aid of a kite-string in drawing electricity from the clouds . Is it too much to hope that other philosophers may discover some means not only of obtaining the luminous fluid from the same source , but of storing it up for the benefit of all ? JAPANESE WRESTLERS . It is a fine clear day in February ; and the bright sun shining without a cloud to impede his rays , lights up the hull of H. M. S . Lyre , swinging lazily round her anchors in Yokohama Bay . Scarcely a ripple can be seen on the surface of the water , and numberless boats are darting to and fro , conveying passengers from the various ships to the shore . On board the corvette the blue-jackets and marines are reclining about the forecastle smoking and sewing , for it is Thursday afternoon , the day set apart in English men-of-war for the men to make and mend their clothes ; a concession which Jack values the more for the privilege of smoking all the afternoon which accompanies it . Clearly it is not a day for any one to remain cooped up in a ship , who is not detained there by duty . So think we officers ; for most of us have shifted into plain clothes , and are ready to go ashore . The officer of the afternoon watch , who is endeavouring to beguile the weary four hours he has to spend on deck by levelling his spyglass at every object far and near , looks gloomily at a party of us getting into a sampan , and remarks , with a view to cheering us up , that the glass is falling rapidly , and he expects dirty weather before the night ; he would n't go ashore if he could , & c. But we have been at sea too long to be persuaded out of anything by a little chaff ; so with a parting joke at sour grapes , we get into the crazy little sampan , and manage to seat ourselves without capsizing her , a work of some little difficulty . The four half-naked , muscular little fellows who form our crew work their long sculls with great vigour , keeping time to the beat of the unwieldy oars with a shrill monotonous chant , whose burden is ‘ Go ashore ! go ashore ! ’ It is a glorious view that lies before us on that bright winter day . The long esplanade , or bund , that fringes the shore is lined with the tall white houses of the foreign settlement , to the southward of which is the beautiful wooded hill called the Bluff , the white cliffs of which are dazzlingly bright in the sunlight . The bungalows of the foreign residents are for the most part on the Bluff , each house inclosed in its own beautiful grounds ; and here too , about two miles from the settlement , is the race-course , an invariable accompaniment to any large gathering of Englishmen in the East . Yokohama itself lies in a valley between the Bluff on the one hand and the Kanagawa hills on the other ; but inland rises range after range of lofty mountains , and towering far above everything is the snow-capped crest of Fusiyama , the ‘ peerless ’ mountain of Japan , which is forty-five miles distant from the bay where our ship is lying . Fusiyama is a volcano in the shape of a truncated cone , but no eruption has taken place for more than a century ; a fortunate thing for the country , as fifty thousand people are said to have perished at its last great outbreak , which almost destroyed the capital , Yeddo . Shocks of earthquake are very frequent , though slight , in Yokohama and the neighbouring town , Kanagawa ; in fact , most of Japan is subject to these volcanic disturbances , which occasionally cause great damage . It is on this account that the houses are built generally of such slight materials , as they can endure shocks which would infallibly overthrow any building constructed after the European fashion . In the summer , when the snow has melted from the top of Fusiyama , bands of pilgrims dressed in white , who have come from all parts of the empire to worship the peerless mountain , throng in great numbers along the roads at its base . At this season the ascent is often accomplished by foreigners for the sake of the magnificent view which is obtained from the summit on a clear day ; though whether it is worth while going through so much to obtain so little is of course a matter of opinion . Many people will tell you they go up for the sake of saying they have been there , forgetting that any one who has not been there can as easily say the same thing . For my own part I never could see the object of climbing a mountain only to come down again on the other side , and therefore in my numerous excursions into the interior of Japan , I gave Fusiyama a wide berth . Ponies are usually employed by those who believe in the merits of four legs as compared to two ; and the deep ashes which cover the upper part of the mountain render this mode of ascent preferable to the severe labour of climbing on foot . The weather is so clear on the day in question that the deep gullies down the sides can be easily traced by the naked eye as we are pulling ashore . While we have been admiring the beauties of the scene , our sampan has passed round the projecting arm of the English Hatoba , a stone jetty which protects the landing-place from the heavy swell which often sets into the bay ; so we land and make our way to the bund with some difficulty , owing to the crowd of coolies who are passing to and from the merchants ’ godowns with heavy packages slung on bamboo poles between two men . Now comes the question , how are we to pass our time ? for amusements are somewhat limited in a small settlement like Yokohama . To be sure , we can go to the club and play billiards or bowls or read the papers ; but the afternoon is so fine that it seems a pity to waste it indoors . We might spend a few hours very pleasantly in the Benten Dor é, a street filled with shops for the sale of lacquer-work and curiosities of different sorts ; but unfortunately it is nearly the end of the month , and I need scarcely tell any one acquainted with the manners and customs of naval officers that our dollars have grown small by degrees and beautifully less , and we are anxiously waiting for pay-day . The most popular idea seems to be to walk round the race-course to Mississippi Bay , on the south side of the Bluff , the favourite drive of the Yokohama ladies ; but just as we have resolved on this , a man passes making some proclamation in a high sing-song tone , which seems to meet with general approval from the natives . On inquiring , we find that he is announcing the arrival of the champion troupe of wrestlers , who intend giving a performance that afternoon on a piece of waste land just outside the boundaries of the foreign settlement . Nothing could have happened more apropos ; so jumping into some of the odd-looking little hand-carriages which ply for hire in great numbers about the streets of most Japanese towns , we are rattled along the streets at a rapid rate by the active little drivers , who seem to possess the enviable faculty of never tiring , for they trot along as gaily at the end of a thirty miles ’ run over indifferent roads , as when they started . On arriving at our destination , we find numbers of natives on the same errand , ‘ gaily dressed in their Sunday best , ’ entering an inclosure which has been hastily made out of long bamboos covered with matting , to keep out the too curious eyes that would gaze at the performance gratis . A payment of a quarter bu each ( about threepence in English money ) admits us to the interior , which presents a very striking scene . Round the sides of the large inclosure are numerous bamboo stages , crowded with the wealthier class of natives and a few foreigners ; while in the amphitheatre some thousands of people are assembled , many of them women , whose gay robes set off their attractions to perfection . Every one has his holiday face on , and the ceremonious politeness which usually characterises the meeting of any Japanese , has for the time given place to mirth and gaiety . Itinerant vendors of cakes and sweets ply their trade among the crowd with much apparent success ; and here and there is a stall for the sale of saki , a strong spirit brewed from rice , and much resembling inferior sherry in the taste and smell . There is a total absence of intoxication , and I may say very few drunken men are ever to be seen about the streets . By the time we have mounted a stage , and settled down on the chairs a neatly dressed mus ŭ me ( young girl ) has procured for us , the performances are about to commence , and a man is giving out the names of the first pair of wrestlers . In the centre of the amphitheatre a mound has been raised , on which a ring has been formed by banking up the earth to the height of a few inches . Two grave-looking elderly men , apparently the judges , now seat themselves upon mats on the mound , and unfurling their paper umbrellas , light their pipes , and commence smoking in dignified composure ; while the two wrestlers doff their kimonos ( robes ) and enter the ring perfectly naked but for a cloth round the loins . They are very far removed from our idea of what an athlete ought to be , for though muscular , they have an ungainly heaviness of figure . Weight is indeed thought of such importance in these contests that men are fattened for them like prize cattle , under the mistaken belief that such size is an advantage to the fortunate possessor ! A tedious preliminary performance has to be gone through before the actual business of wrestling commences . Each man comes to the centre of the ring , and squatting down in front of his antagonist , raises each leg in turn , and then brings it down heavily on the ground , at the same time striking his thigh smartly with his open hand . I suppose this is meant as a sort of challenge ; but it has an extremely ludicrous effect , at least to foreigners , to see two very fat men so employing themselves . Both men now quit the ring and take a draught of water and a pinch of salt , while they rub their arms and hands with mud , in order that they may get a better hold of each other 's naked body . At length they re-enter the ring , and the real struggle now begins . They squat in front of each other like two huge frogs and strike their hands together , at the same time uttering a curious hissing noise , which gets louder and louder till they suddenly fly at each other like angry cats . Heavy blows and slaps are exchanged freely in the effort to close , but umpires are behind each shouting out cautions at any attempted infringement of the rules on either side . When they have fairly got hold of each other many a cunning feint and twist is shewn , and the struggling bodies and limbs entwine so rapidly that the pair look like one gigantic octopus . At length the bout is concluded by one man being hurled bodily out of the ring into the crowd outside , and the cheering from the excited spectators is absolutely deafening . The victor stalks about the ring for some time in great dignity , receiving the congratulations of his friends , and then repeats his former challenge , striking his thighs heavily and crowing like a bantam cock . Another wrestler , nothing daunted , at once comes forward to try his fortune ; while the vanquished combatant , who has picked himself up amidst a running fire of chaff from the unsympathising crowd , resumes his kimono with an assumed air of indifference and vanishes behind the spectators . Three men in succession did the first victor overthrow before he found a foeman worthy of his grip ; but he too in turn soon succumbed to a fresh challenger . The judges during all the confusion maintained their seats in great dignity , and smoked away with quiet unconcern while the wrestlers strove and kicked beside them . Their office seemed to be to settle any disputes ; but it was almost a sinecure , as I saw hardly any during the afternoon , everything being conducted with perfect fairness and good-humour . All the hard work seemed to be done by the umpires , who were dancing about each combatant in a perfect state of frenzy , and their repeated screams of ‘ Anatta ! anatta ! ’ ( Sir ! sir !) when any unfair movement was attempted on either side , soon reduced their voices to mere croaks . To win a round , a man had either to lay his opponent flat on the ground or thrust him out of the ring . Several of the first bouts we witnessed were decided in the latter manner , a heavy man driving his antagonist clean out of the circle by the weight and impetus of his first assault . Any method whatever seemed to be allowed in catching hold ; I saw one man win a heat by dexterously catching his opponent by the scruff of the neck and jamming his head on the ground , the whole body perforce following suit . This seemed to be regarded as a sort of ‘ fool 's mate , ’ for I noticed that the loser was much laughed at ; and although the same man œ uvre was attempted several times afterwards , it was never successful . The light weights had their contest first ; and then came the middle weights , if such a term can be applied to men of fifteen stone at least . But the real event of the day was the concluding struggle between the champions , about a dozen in number , who would have passed muster in any assembly where height and strength were the test . Not one of them was under six feet in height , and most of them were considerably over ; one gigantic fellow must have been nearly seven feet . All of them were disfigured by the same inordinate amount of flesh ; but the muscles of the arms and legs were very powerfully developed , and the activity displayed in spite of their enormous size was something marvellous . In one severe contest the gigantic champion threw a lesser athlete clear out of the ring on to the heads of the spectators below , overwhelming one of the unfortunate judges in the transit . The latter , however , soon arose , gave himself a shake , and resumed his pipe and seat , apparently none the worse for his rude shock . The final contest of the day , which took place just before dusk , was between our friend the giant and the next biggest of the band ; and after a severe struggle , ended in the former being thrown as scientifically as ever I wished to see . The earth shook with the violence of the fall ; but the vanquished hero picked himself up at once , and with a good-humoured laugh at his opponent , resumed his kimono ; and the sports were concluded . Not the least amusing part of the afternoon 's amusement was afforded by a blue-jacket on leave from the Lyre , who threw his cap into the ring , and wanted to try conclusions with the biggest man of the party for a few dollars . A long and amusing conversation took place between the sailor and the natives ; but the challenge was not accepted , so Jack put on his hat and walked jauntily away . He was a tall powerful man , and I daresay could have held his own against the giant himself , in spite of his inferiority of weight ; for it is a well-known fact that the enormous amount of flesh cultivated by the Japanese wrestlers stands seriously in their way when opposed to a foreigner in good condition . It is not very many years ago that a shining light of the English Church in the East came to Japan and astonished the natives by throwing some of their best men . No doubt , before many years , the Japanese , who are very quick at seizing any new idea , will perceive the folly of feeding their athletes to such a size , and follow the English system of training . A very noticeable feature about these contests was the perfect good-humour with which they were conducted , not a single man losing his temper , in spite of the heavy blows and cuffs which were exchanged with great vigour before closing with each other . While discussing the afternoon 's amusement , we walked to the bund in the twilight , and a twelve-oared cutter soon took us on board in time for dinner . Next morning at daylight we were under weigh for Hong-kong . SHAMROCK LEAVES . A WAKE . Tim Scanlan , while he lived , was only a labouring man ; but he was well liked in the country ; and it was expected that his funeral would be an unusually large gathering . Crowds flocked to the wake , and a great provision of tea , whisky , pipes , and tobacco had been made . The widow occupied her post of honour at the head of the coffin , and displayed a fair show of grief , joining in with vociferous weeping whenever the ‘ keening ’ was led by the older women . She was young enough to have been the dead man 's daughter , having come to his house a ‘ slip ’ of a servant-girl , whom he had married and ruled over very masterfully . As the night wore on , the whisky began to tell on those outside the room where the corpse lay . The noise increased , and soon apparently became loud enough to ‘ wake the dead , ’ as the saying is ; for to the consternation and amazement of every one present , the defunct , after a deep sigh and sundry groans , opened his eyes and struggled up into a sitting posture . When the startled company had recovered from the shock , poor Tim was lifted out of the coffin ; whisky was liberally poured down his throat ; and well wrapped up in blankets and seated in the big chair by the fire , he gradually revived from the trance or stupor that had been mistaken for death . The last of the guests had departed from the cabin , and Tim , still propped up before the fire , was left to the care of his wife . Instead of coming near him however , she slunk off , cringing timidly away into a dark corner behind his chair , whence she directed frightened glances at her resuscitated spouse . ‘ Mary ! ’ said the man in a stern voice . No answer . ‘ Are you there ? ’ peering round , his face quivering with anger and weakness . ‘ Yis , Tim , I 'm here , ’ faltered Mary , without stirring . ‘ Bring me my stick . ’ ‘ Ah , no , Tim ; no ! Sure you never rose yer hand to me yet ! And ‘ tis n't now , when you 're all as one as come back from the dead , that ’ —— ‘ Bring me my stick . ’ The stick was brought , and down on her knees beside the big chair flopped the cowering wife . ‘ Well you know what you desarve . Well you know , you young thief o ’ the world ! that if I was to take and beat you this blessed minute as black as a mourning-coach , ‘ twould be only sarving you right , after the mean , dirthy , shameful turn you 've done me ! ’ ‘ It would , it would ! ’ sobbed the girl . ‘ Look here ! ’ gasped Tim , opening his breast and shewing an old tattered shirt . ‘ Look at them rags ! Look at what you dressed up my poor corpse in ; shaming me before all the decent neighbours at the wake ! An ’ you knowing as well as I did about the elegant brand-new shirt I 'd bought o ’ purpose for my berrin ; a shirt I would n't have put on my living back — no , not if I had gone naked in my skin ! You knew I had it there in the chest laid up ; and you grudged it to my unfortunate carcase when I could n't spake up for myself ! ’ ‘ O Tim , darlin ’ , forgive me ! ’ cried Mary . ‘ Forgive me this once , and on my two knees I promise never , never to do the likes again ! I do n't know what came over me at all . Sure , I think , the divil — Lord save us !— must have been at my elbow when I went to get out the shirt ; tempting me , and whispering that it was a pity and a sin to put good linen like that into the clay . Oh , how could I do it at all ? ’ ‘ Now , hearken to me , Mary ; ’ and Tim raised the stick and laid it on her shoulder . She knew he would n't beat her even if he could with his trembling hands ; but she pretended to wince and cower away . ‘ Mind what I say . As sure as you do me the like turn again , and go for to dress me in those undacent rags , I tell you what I 'll do — I 'll walk . ’ ‘ O do n't , Tim , do n't ! ’ shrieked Mary , as pale as ashes . ‘ Murther me now , if it 's plazing to you , or do anything to me you like ; but for the love of the blessed Vargin and all the Saints , keep in yer grave ! I 'll put the new shirt on you ; my two hands ‘ ll starch it and make it up as white as snow , after lying by so long in the old chest . Yer corpse will look lovely , niver fear ! And I 'll give you the grandest wake that iver man had , even if I had to sell the pig , and part with every stick in the cabin to buy the tay and the whisky . I swear to you I will , darlin ’ . There 's my hand on it , this blessed night ! ’ ‘ Well , mind you do , or ‘ twill be worse for you . And now give me a drop of wather to drink , and put a taste of sperrits through it ; for I 'm like to faint with thirst and with weakness . ’ Mary kept her promise ; for such a wake was never remembered as Tim Scanlan 's , when , soon after , the poor man really did depart this life . And the ‘ get up ’ of the ‘ elegant brand-new shirt ’ in which the corpse was arrayed , was the admiration of all beholders . CARRIER-PIGEONS . The value of these birds as carriers of messages was interestingly demonstrated at the siege of Paris , as it used to be in the French war seventy years ago , before the invention of the electric telegraph . It now appears that carrier-pigeons may be employed with advantage in taking messages from boats engaged in the Scottish herring-fisheries , when no species of telegraph is available . The following notice of the fact occurs in the Fishing Gazette : ‘ The experiment which was tried last year of employing carrier-pigeons for the purpose of bringing early intelligence each morning from the fishing-ground of the results of the night 's labour , is again being resorted to this season , and with the most satisfactory results . One of the birds is taken out in each boat in the afternoon ; and after the nets have been hauled on the following morning and the extent of the catch ascertained , the pigeon is despatched with a small piece of parchment tied round its neck , containing information as to the number of crans on board , the position of the boat , the direction of the wind , and the prospects of the return journey , & c. If there is not wind to take the boat back , or if it is blowing in an unfavourable direction , a request is made for a tug ; and from the particulars given as to the bearings of the craft , she can be picked up easily by the steamer . The other advantages of the system are that , when the curers are apprised of the quantity of herrings they may expect , they can make preparations for expediting the delivering and curing of the fish . Most of the pigeons belong to Messrs Moir and Son , Aberdeen . When let off from the boats , the birds invariably circle three times round overhead , and then sweep away towards the land with great rapidity , generally flying at the rate of about a mile per minute . Two superior birds in Messrs Moir 's possession have occasionally come a distance of twenty or twenty-five miles in as many minutes ; and on Tuesday one of these pigeons came home sixteen miles in the same number of minutes . Another of Messrs Moir 's pigeons flew on board the Heatherbell on Tuesday afternoon off the Girdleness , bearing a slip of paper containing the intelligence that the boat from which it had been despatched at 11. 54 had a cargo of twenty-five barrels of herrings . The pigeons require very little training , and soon know where to land with their message . A cot has been fitted up on the roof of Messrs Moir 's premises at the quay for the accommodation of the birds , and they invariably alight there on their return from sea . ’ According to the London newspapers , there was lately an amusing experiment to test the flight of carrier-pigeons against the speed of a railway train . The following is the account given of this curious race , which took place on the 13th July : ‘ The race was from Dover to London between the continental mail express train and a carrier-pigeon conveying a document of an urgent nature from the French police . The pigeon , which was bred by Messrs Hartley and Sons of Woolwich , and “ homed ” when a few weeks old to a building in Cannon Street , City , was of the best breed of homing pigeons , known as “ Belgian voyageurs . ” The bird was tossed through the railway carriage window by a French official as the train moved from the Admiralty Pier , the wind being west and the atmosphere hazy , but with the sun shining . For upwards of a minute the carrier-pigeon circled round to an altitude of about half a mile , and then sailed away towards London . By this time the train , which carried the European mails , and was timed not to stop between Dover and Cannon Street , had got up to full speed , and was proceeding at the rate of sixty miles an hour towards London . The odds at starting seemed against the bird ; and the railway officials predicted that the little messenger would be beaten in the race . The pigeon , however , as soon as it ascertained its bearings , took the nearest homeward route in a direction midway between Maidstone and Sittingbourne , the distance “ as the crow flies ” between Dover and London being seventy miles , and by rail seventy-six and a half miles . When the continental mail express came into Cannon Street station , the bird had been home twenty minutes ; having beaten Her Majesty 's royal mail by a time allowance representing eighteen miles . ’ The Conductors of CHAMBERS 'S JOURNAL beg to direct the attention of CONTRIBUTORS to the following notice : 1st . All communications should be addressed to the ‘ Editor , 339 High Street , Edinburgh . ’ 2d . To insure the return of papers that may prove ineligible , postage-stamps should in every case accompany them . 3d . Manuscripts should bear the author 's full CHRISTIAN name , surname , and address , legibly written . 4th . MS. should be written on one side of the leaf only . 5th . Poetical offerings should be accompanied by an envelope , stamped and directed . Unless Contributors comply with the above rules , the Editor cannot undertake to return ineligible papers . Printed and Published by W. & R. CHAMBERS , 47 Paternoster Row , LONDON , and 339 High Street , EDINBURGH . All Rights Reserved .