DEW DROPS VOL . 37 . NO . 7 . WEEKLY . DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILLINOIS . GEORGE E. COOK , EDITOR . FEBRUARY 15 , 1914 . How Arthur Made Valentines By MAY G. MOOAR Arthur had a box of paints given him for Christmas , and he had learned to color pictures very prettily ; so just as he was finishing the dress of a gorgeous Japanese lady such a happy thought came to him that he nearly spilled some yellow paint all over Miss Matsuki 's gay pink dress , in his haste to find mother and tell her about it . “ I want to make my valentines all myself this year , ” he exclaimed excitedly as soon as the yellow paint was safely back in the box , “ for now I can paint . Why can n't I paint some valentines , same 's Aunt Frances did last year ? ” “ Why , I think you could , dear , ” mother answered . “ ‘ Course I do n't mean I could make quite such lovely flowers as she did , ” Arthur went on , “ but I think it would be lots more fun to do it myself than to buy them . ” “ So do I , Arthur , ” mother said , “ and I think if you look through those papers in the lower drawer you 'll find some pictures to cut out that would make pretty valentines . Then you could color them with your paints and paste them on a sheet of note paper . ” “ But , mother , do n't valentines have some verses written on them besides the pictures ? Aunt Frances ’ did . Where can I get those ? ” “ Perhaps I could write those for you , ” mother laughed , “ if I tried real hard . ” “ Could you really write verses ? ” Arthur asked in round-eyed wonder . “ Then we 'll have some lovely valentines , wo n't we ? I 'll make one for you , and one for father , and Alice and John and Clifton and Barbara and oh , lots of folks . ” “ Well , I guess you better get to work right away , if you 've such a lot to do , ” advised mother , “ and I had better begin on the poetry . ” It was fun to find the pictures , for there were such a lot to select from , and by supper time Arthur had a nice pile all ready to paint next morning . Two days before Valentine 's day they were all done — prettily colored and pasted on note paper with a little verse that mother had written , printed in Arthur 's very best writing . Arthur decorates the valentines with his new paints while mother writes the verses . “ Are n't they bee-u-ti-ful , ” he exclaimed as he laid them in a row on the dining-room table . “ They are very nice , dear , ” mother said , “ and which do you think are the prettiest ones ? ” Arthur looked a long time at the row of little valentines and then he said , “ These two . ” One had a little curly-haired child carrying a big bunch of flowers in her hand , and the verse read : “ This bunch of roses I 'm bringing , Is a valentine for you , To show that in storm or in sunshine My love is always true . ” And the other valentine had a picture of two little boys carrying a big basket between them , and this was the little verse : “ What do you s'pose our basket holds ? Give guess one and two . You 'll never think , so I must tell : It 's full of love for you . ” “ And to whom are you going to give the two prettiest ones ? ” asked mother . An earnest look came into Arthur 's eyes . “ I fought I 'd send the little-girl one to that lame boy at the corner . I do n't know him very well , but he looks kind of lonely , you said , mother . Do n't you s'pose he 'd like it ? ” Mother nodded . “ And who is to have the other ? ” A little hand stole into mother 's , and two brown eyes full of love were lifted to mother 's face . “ That is for you , ” he said . “ BOB 'S LOST HIS TEMPER . ” Uncle Will , visiting in the family , heard this remark quite often . One day he said to Bob : “ I think it rather a fortunate loss , do n't you ? ” “ What ? ” asked Bob , in surprise . “ It was n't a very good one , you know . If I were you I 'd try to get a better one , and then never lose it . ” Good advice for Bob . GOING ALONE . “ I 'm afraid will have to go alone this morning , Harlis , ” said mamma . “ My head is getting worse instead of better . You think it will be all right for Harlis to go , do n't you , papa ? ” Mrs. Wentworth looked up inquiringly into the face of a tall man who had just entered the room . “ Certainly . He is big enough , and knows the way . Why not let him go ? ” her husband answered . Harlis was quite proud to hear that opinion , and adopting something of his papa 's emphatic tone , he said , “ Of course , I 'm big enough , mamma . Willie Nelson goes every single Sunday alone , and he is n't only two weeks older than I am . You need n't worry a bit . I 'll take Esther , too , if you want me to . I 'll take care of her . ” Mamma smiled a little as she answered , “ No , dear , I thank you just the same , but Annie will take care of Esther this morning . If I let you go alone , you must promise to go straight to Sunday-school . ” “ Yes , mamma , ” answered Harlis , very willingly . Proudly he walked down the street . He felt sure everyone was noticing him . One of the newsboys ran past him and shouted , “ Hello , little chap ! ” and grinned . Mamma had said , “ Be a good boy , Harlis , ” before he left home . He could n't help feeling how foolish it was for her always to say that , but he excused her with the thought that it was probably mamma-like to be a little anxious and worried about such things . “ Harlis ! Harlis ! ” Harlis was just entering one of the chief business streets through which he had to pass to reach the church . He turned and saw Willie Nelson running as fast as his little legs could carry him to catch up . “ All alone ? ” Willie asked . “ Yes . ” “ So 'm I . My mamma can n't come to Sunday-school . She makes me go , though . I do n't care much . Let 's go this way . ” “ No . I can n't . Mamma said for me to go just the same way I always did . I promised . ” “ Did you ? My , I go the way I want to . This is just as good as any , ” he added cheerfully . “ Let 's look in here . Ai n't that fine ? ” It was a display in the candy shop they were looking at . Across the window , hung from the gas jet by ribbons , was a huge candy cane . “ See that , ” said Willie , pulling out from his pocket a five-cent piece . “ Know what I am going to do with it ? ” “ Take it to Miss Beatrice for the poor little girl she told about . ” “ No , sir . Going to get some candy . Five cents do n't get much , though . Not the best kind . That costs money . ” Harlis put his hand in his pocket and quickly pulled it out . But the action did not escape Willis ’ sharp eyes . “ You got any ? ” he asked . “ Yes . ” “ Let 's see . Oh , a nickel ! Thought maybe it was just a penny . What a lot ten cents would get . What kind do you like best ? ” “ I like chocolate best . ” “ Do you ? Why , so do I . Say we get some ? ” “ I do n't believe mamma would like it . She said we must n't buy things on Sunday . ” “ She 'll never know . That 's nothing bad , either . ” When the collection basket was passed around , Harlis looked almost ready to cry . “ Did you forget your money ? ” said Miss Beatrice , pleasantly . Harlis so seldom came without it that it was noticeable . “ Yes 'm , ” answered the little boy , almost without thinking what he was saying . He was so uncomfortable , and Willie was making eyes at him . “ Never mind , bring it next Sunday , ” said Miss Beatrice , noticing the flushed face and telltale eyes , and not understanding quite what it meant . If mamma had not been sick , the trouble would surely have come out earlier , because mamma would have seen in a minute that something was wrong . After the late dinner , there was nothing to do but cuddle up in the corner of the sofa with his books . Just as it was growing dark , papa came down from the sick room . He found Harlis with his head buried in the sofa cushion . “ What 's the matter ? ” said papa briskly , picking up his little boy . “ Lonesome ? Too bad ! Thought you went to Aunt Lucy 's with Esther . ” “ I did n't want to , ” said Harlis , breaking out in big , shaking sobs . Papa knew something was wrong , then , and by degrees the story came out . Papa said very little , for he seemed to understand the real suffering Harlis had already gone through because of his wrongdoings . “ But the nickel was mine , ” said Harlis , as he and mamma were talking it over . “ Was it ? ” said mamma . “ What did I give it to you for ? ” “ For the poor little girl . ” “ You can put it back , but you must earn it , ” she said . “ Oh , I will ! I will ! ” Harlis was only too glad to do this . “ And I 'll never do so again , mamma . ” And his mamma felt sure he never would . — Written for Dew Drops by Florence Maule . THE LIGHT OF A SMILE . If it drizzles and pours , Is there any reason The weather indoors Should be dull , like the season ? There is something makes bright The cloudiest places ; Can you guess ? ‘ Tis the light Of the smiles on your faces . — Selected . Mother 's Valentines By Elizabeth P. Allan “ Davie boy , I wish you would get up early to-morrow morning , ” said Mrs. Forbes ; “ I want your help in sending out some valentines . ” Davie opened his sleepy eyes wide . “ Why , mother , ” he said , “ I did not know that you were in the valentine business ! ” “ There has n't been a fourteenth of February since I can remember , ” answered his mother smiling , “ that I have n't sent out at least one valentine . Do you know what Valentine Day means , Davie ? ” “ It means sending funny pictures to the other fellows , ” grinned Davie . “ First of all , it means a Love Day , ” said Mrs. Forbes , “ and valentines are supposed to be sweethearts ’ love letters . But I do n't see why sweethearts should have a corner on love , do you , Davie ? ” Davie helps mother deliver a new kind of valentine . “ What sort of valentines do you send , mother ? ” asked the little boy . His curiosity had waked him up and made him forget that the hands of the clock had left his bedtime far behind . “ My valentines used to be made of little pictures cut out and pasted on a card or a piece of note paper , when I was no older than you , ” said Davie 's mother ; “ and my mother used to write on them in her fine , copy-book hand , little verses like this : “ ‘ The rose is red , The violet 's blue , Sugar 's sweet , And so are you ! ’ ” Davie laughed aloud at the idea of his mother ever having been such a little girl . “ And then , when I was in my teens , ” she went on , “ I saved my dimes and bought fine valentines made of silver paper cut into hearts and cupids , with what I thought beautiful ‘ poetry ’ printed on them . ” “ And what are your valentines like now ? ” asked Davie . “ You 'll find them rather heavy , I 'm afraid , ” said his mother merrily ; “ you see , Davie , I have found out that Love has something else to do besides playing with silver hearts and cupids , though that 's all right too . There are some poor and tired and lonely people in the world who do n't want you to give them money , or to offer them help on most days of the year ; it hurts their feelings . But on love-days , like Christmas , and Thanksgiving , and Valentine 's Day , you can give them a love gift , and they are pleased . I have some like that for you to carry around to-morrow . ” When Davie came downstairs early the next morning , he brought with him one of his cherished “ Peter Rabbit ” books . “ Mother , ” he said , “ I want to begin to keep Valentine Day like you do . ” So “ Peter Rabbit ” found himself tucked in Mrs. Tobin 's bundle for Jack Tobin , who had never had that sort of valentine , or indeed any sort , in his life . And it was queer how all day long the thought of that new sort of valentine he had sent out made Davie smile to himself ! VALENTINES . The wind was blowing down our street , And it was snowing some ; But I watched from the chilly porch To see the postman come . Across the street to Elsie 's door ; And then I meant to run Before she got the valentine — I knew that she 'd get one . I knew it would be beautiful , With lace and hearts and things , And pretty verses on the leaves , And tied with ribbon strings . I knew the verses all by heart ; I knew the bows were pink ; The hearts were gold ; the lace was white — Oh , what would Elsie think ! I saw the postman come at last , And Elsie at the door ; She got a valentine , sure ‘ nough — I knew she would before . And then I hid inside our hall ; And , when his whistle blew , The postman called : “ Hello ! hello !— A valentine for you ! ” Sure ‘ nough , I got a valentine , With lace and hearts and things , And pretty verses on the leaves , And tied with ribbon strings . And I have wondered , ever since , And guessed if Elsie knew For sure I 'd get a valentine , Before the postman blew , Just like I knew that she 'd get one And knew her verses , too . I never s'posed that I 'd get one — Do you guess Elsie knew ? — Written for Dew Drops by Ellen D. Masters . A TREE TALK . What a wonderful thing a tree is ! A live thing , a useful thing , a beautiful thing , and so common that we scarcely think of it as a wonder at all . Think of the great families of trees , the maple , the beech , the birch , the hemlock , the spruce , the oak , and so on and on and on . So many alike , and yet each one different . What a world of wonders ! In the human family there are oddities , you know , and so in the tree family . There is the whistling tree , for instance . It grows in the West India Islands . It bears pods with open edges , and the wind passing through them makes the whistling sound which gives the tree its name . Then there is the cow tree , which yields a delicious creamy milk . This tree grows in South America , and often looks like a dead tree , but if it is tapped the milk will flow out freely . Sunrise is “ milking time , ” when the natives come with their jugs and fill them with the sweet , nourishing fluid .— Selected . Illustration TWENTY VALENTINES By Marion Mallette Thornton “ Oh , ” said Millicent , watching the postman 's blue coat up the street . “ I wish he would come here day after to-morrow and bring me twenty valentines ! ” “ Will he , Mitty ? ” Jimmy-Boy asked eagerly . Millicent shook her head . “ ‘ Course not , Jimmy-Boy . I know only six little girls ; I could n't get but six . ” Aunt Sara was listening . She was Millicent 's very prettiest auntie from the city , and she nearly always found a way to help . “ How would you like to send twenty valentines ? ” she asked . Millicent laughed . “ Why , auntie , I could n't send but six , either . I do n't know any more girls . Besides , I have n't any more valentines . ” “ Suppose I should show you how to make twenty valentines , and find twenty little girls to send them to ; would you like , to do it ? ” Millicent came running from the window with Jimmy-Boy close behind her . “ I 'd love to , auntie ! Please show me right away . ” “ Love to , auntie , right away , ” echoed Jimmy-Boy . “ You can help , ” Aunt Sara promised . “ You can bring the mucilage while Millicent gets the scissors . ” When they came back with these , Aunt Sara had a pile of gay pictures on the table , and some sheets of thick white paper . “ We will cut this into hearts , ” she said , “ and you can cut out these birds and flowers and paste them on . Let 's see which can make the neatest and prettiest ones . ” Jimmy-Boy had to be helped a little in cutting out pictures , but he had learned to paste neatly at kindergarten , and his valentines were so pretty it was hard for Aunt Sara to choose between his and Millicent 's . It was such fun making them that Millicent almost forgot about the twenty little girls they were to go to . “ Let 's see who can make the neatest and prettiest ones . ” “ Who are they , auntie ? ” she asked when she remembered . “ Where do they live ? ” “ Away down in the city , ” Aunt Sara explained . “ Each one in a little white bed in a Children 's Hospital . I do n't know their names , but I 'll send them to the superintendent , and they will get them safely on Valentine 's Day . You can n't think how happy they will be . ” “ Oh , I just like to try to think ! ” cried Millicent . “ I 'm glad we made them so nice . ” The twenty valentines went off in their white envelopes the next morning . On Valentine 's Day the postman brought Milly six from the six little girls and two from Jimmy-Boy and Aunt Sara . They were lovely , and there were some for Jimmy-Boy , but they did not please the children nearly as much as a letter that came a week later . It was from the hospital superintendent and said : “ I wish you could have seen my dear little sick girls smile when they saw their pretty valentines . They looked at them all day and slept with them under their pillows at night . One tiny girl kept hers in her hand . They all send a big ‘ Thank-you ’ to Millicent and Jimmy-Boy . ” “ Next year we 'll begin sooner and make forty , ” Millicent decided ; “ it 's lots more fun than getting them , is n't it , Jimmy-Boy ? ” HAROLD 'S SHETLAND PONY . On Harold 's birthday Uncle George gave him a Shetland pony . I never saw anyone so surprised as Harold was . He thanked his uncle so many times that I thought Uncle George would be all tired out saying , “ You 're welcome . ” The week of the Flower Festival here in Santa Barbara , where we live , Harold drove his pony in the parade . The carriage was all covered with pink roses . There were roses all over the canopy top , and all over the dashboard , and along the sides , and up the back , and on the seat where Harold sat . And the pony had a collar of roses , and the roses were wreathed in the harness and wound in the wheels . Harold enjoyed the parade very much , but he never thought of taking a prize till the money was sent to him . He was as pleased as could be . “ What will you buy with the money , Harold ? ” I asked . “ Well , you see , ” said Harold , “ the money does n't really belong to me . It belongs to the Shetland pony , and I would like to talk about what would be the nicest thing to do for the pony . ” So we all talked about it and decided that the nicest thing we could do for the pony would be to put a big screen window in the front of his stall , so he would not be troubled with flies .— Selected . FLO 'S VALENTINE “ I wonder where I 'd better send This valentine . ” said Flo ; “ It 's pretty , and my dearest friend Would like it much , I know . “ My dearest friend is Nelly May ; She 'll have a lot , I s'pose ; She always does , for she 's a girl ‘ Most everybody knows . “ I want to send it awful bad To Nelly May , for she Will likely send her loveliest one To her dear friend — that 's me . “ But there is little Molly Jones — She said , the other day . She 'd never had a valentine In all her life ; now say , “ I 've half a mind to send her this ; ‘ Twill s'prise her so , you see . That wo n't be selfish , for I know She 'll not send one to me . “ And Nelly May wo n't miss it , for She 'll have so many ; so I 'll start right off and mail it now As quick as I can go . ” — Written for Dew Drops by Helen M. Richardson . HOW BLANCA SAVED THE KITTENS . Blanca was a pretty fox terrier who lived on the fourth floor of a big apartment house , and the four kittens were her adopted family . For when the kittens ’ mother died and left them wee , helpless babies , Blanca at once proved the kindness of her heart by taking and caring for them as if they had been her very own . One day a great danger came to Blanca and her family , as well as to everyone else in the building . A blue mist began to drift through the halls , there was the smell of smoke , then someone cried “ Fire ! ” and the people in the different flats rushed out of their rooms in a panic . Quickly a big , shiny , brass fire engine rattled up , followed by the hose cart , and the wagon loaded with long ladders if they should be needed . The firemen rushed in , dragging lengths of hose , the smoke grew thicker and the confusion worse . Some of the people were so frightened that they did not know what they were doing . But there was one who did not lose her presence of mind , and that was the little dog . When the first alarm was given , Blanca ran down to see what it all meant . But she was not satisfied to be safe herself , and leave her foster babies in danger . Up she went again , up the stairways filled with firemen and excited tenants to the top floor , and down she came jumping over hose pipe , dodging between firemen 's legs , with a kitten in her mouth . This she carried out and laid down where it would be safe , then started back again through smoke and flame and heat . Four times she made the trip to the top floor , and each time she came back with a kitten in her mouth . Nor did she rest till they were all out of danger . All the people who had watched the little dog said how brave she was . And so we all say . But what made Blanca brave was because she thought of the kittens instead of herself .— Written for Dew Drops by Adele E. Thompson . Learn to treat everybody with respect and consideration . A good friend is worth trying to keep . OUR LESSON — For Feb. 15 . PREPARED BY MARGUERITE COOK . Title .— Christ 's Hatred of Shams .— Luke 11 : 37-54 . Golden Text .— Be not deceived ; God is not mocked — Gal . 6 : 7 . Beginners Golden Text .— The day is thine , the night also is thine .— Ps . 74 : 16 . Truth .— God looketh upon the heart . 1 . One day when Jesus was teaching the people a Pharisee invited him to dine with him . Illustration 2 . Jesus went with him , for he hoped to be able to teach him how to truly love and serve God . Illustration 3 . The Pharisee was surprised that Jesus sat down to the table to eat without first washing his hands . Illustration 4 . Jesus told him that it was true that the Pharisees made much of washing their hands but that their hearts were far from clean . Illustration 5 . Jesus told him that God made the soul as well as the body and wanted the soul kept clean and pure . Illustration 6 . They loved to be thought great and good but were selfish and unkind . 7 . When they prayed or gave alms to the poor it was to be seen and praised by others . Illustration 8 . Jesus also blamed those who made life hard for others and made things easy for themselves . 9 . God looks into our hearts and sees what we really are . 10 . It is useless for us to try to deceive God . 11 . He knows all the time if we have wicked , selfish , impure hearts , no matter how hard we try to seem good . 12 . To please God we must have pure hearts and live pure , true , loving lives . QUESTIONS . What is the Golden Text ? What is the Truth ? 1. Who invited Jesus to dine with him ? 2 . What did Jesus hope to be able to teach him ? 3 . At what was the Pharisee surprised ? 4 . What did Jesus tell him about the hearts of the Pharisees ? 5 . What did Jesus tell him about the body and soul ? 6 . Although they loved to be thought great and good , what were they ? 7 . Why did they pray and give alms to the poor ? 8 . Whom did Jesus also blame ? 9 . When God looks into our hearts what does he see ? 10 . What is it useless for us to try to do ? 11 . What does he know ? 12 . What must we do to please God ? LESSON HYMN . Tune — “ Jesus loves me , this I know , ” omitting chorus ( E flat ) . We should all be very sure That our hearts are good and pure ; Jesus knows if we are true , He knows all we say or do . Title of Lesson for Feb. 22 . Faith Destroying Fear .— Luke 12 : 1-12 . Golden Text for Feb. 22 . Every one who shall confess me before men , him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God .— Luke 12 : 8 . Beginners Golden Text for Feb. 22 . He careth for you .— 1 Peter 5 : 7 . Advice to Boys and Girls Freddy 's Way . When the clock struck eleven , Freddy turned from the window where he had been watching for nearly an hour and he said : “ Guess Dan has forgotten to come for me . I think I 'd better write a letter to mother . ” His aunt , whom he was visiting , answered : “ That will be a sensible thing to do , dear . ” Freddy worked very hard on his letter . When it was finished , he said : “ It does n't look as nice as it might , but I guess mother will know I tried to do my best . ” His aunt replied : “ I 'm sure she will , anyway , the main thing was to keep your promise and write to her . ” Presently , Freddy took his cap and went outdoors to find amusement for himself ; it was a beautiful warm day , just the kind when a boy loves to go swimming , and he thought longingly of the river . But his aunt did not wish him to go alone , and for some reason Dan had failed to call for him . The next-door neighbor was mowing his lawn and Freddy asked : “ Need any help ? ” The man answered : “ Sure , I was just wishing for a boy to rake the grass . ” Freddy set about his work whistling and the neighbor never guessed that his small helper had had a disappointment that morning . It was Freddy 's happy way when he could not do one thing to find another and do that cheerily .— Written for Dew Drops by Marie Deacon Hanson . A Good Rule . We have the wisest teacher , and she has given this rule That helps us in our lessons — you can use it in your school . Always add a smile or two when things are going wrong , Subtract the frowns that try to come when lessons seem too long , Then multiply your efforts when the figures wo n't come right , Divide your pleasures day by day with every one in sight Now if you always use this rule you 'll have a happy day , For lessons then are easy , and the hours fly away . Entered at the Post Office at Elgin , Ill ., as Second Class Mail Matter . Price of Dew Drops .— In lots of five or more , to one address , 20 cents per copy per year , or 5-1 / 2 cents per copy per quarter . Address , DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILL .