DEW DROPS VOL . 37 , No . 34 . Weekly David C. Cook Publishing Co ., Elgin , Illinois David C. Cook , Jr ., Managing Editor Mabelle M. Carbaugh , Assistant Editor August 23 , 1914 Billikens ’ Surprise By HELEN HAWLEY Gilbert was a little boy who was going to have the first suit of clothes , that were not homemade . Was n't that an event ! Gilbert thought so . He was going to the city with father and mother to be fitted . Mr. Haywood said to his wife . “ You 'd better take the boy and go with me as far as Branton . It 's the best place I know of , for fitting out little fellows like him . Maybe I can stop over long enough to help you . I 'll look up the time-table . ” That 's the way it happened that Gilbert and his mother came back to their home at midnight . For this story is n't about the hours in the city , it 's about the reaching home so very late . Maybe you 'll like to know , though , that the new clothes were all right , and Gilbert was a very happy though a very sleepy boy by midnight . But he was wide-awake enough when the cab drew up at their own door , and he heard his mother exclaim . “ Why , the house is lighted ! There 's a bright light in the living room , and in the dining room too ! ” Mrs. Haywood had paid the driver and he whirled the cab away before she thought . “ I do wish I 'd asked him to stay , until we could see what it means . ” Gilbert was eager to press forward , but his mother put him behind her . She fully expected to see burglars searching for silver , or taking money from the desk . But the sight which actually greeted her made her drop into a chair and laugh . And Gilbert ! He threw up his cap , almost shouting . “ That 's great , is n't it , mother ? Was n't it cute of Billikens to light up for us to get in ? ” Now Billikens was a beautiful white Persian kitten , which had come to Gilbert on his last birthday , and as full of mischief as a kitten could be . Billikens sat perched on the back of an easy-chair under one of the lights , looking for all the world as if he tried to say , “ I did it , for sure . ” Billikens sat perched on the back of an easy-chair . It was this way : Gilbert had often held Billikens up to play with the electric light cords , and once when the kitten had pulled just right , the light flashed out . Afterward , it became a kind of game to take him round to the brackets , and let him light up . “ I 'm afraid we 'll have to stop his doing it , ” Gilbert 's mother said . “ I doubt if you can teach a cat that what is done in play must n't be done in earnest . ” “ That 's too bad , ” Gilbert was quite grieved . “ It 's such fun to see him put on the lights . He almost laughs , himself . We could shut him up if we were away , mother dear . ” “ Well , perhaps . ” Gilbert was a thoughtful little chap . Now he said , “ I learned , did n't I , mother ? Grandfather liked to have me pull his whiskers when he was awake , but once I pulled them when he was taking a nap , and he did n't like it one bit . I never did it after that . ” Billikens DILLY AND HER DOUBLE-FACED DOLLY . “ I think you ought to invite Dilly to your party , Mildred , ” said Mrs. Fuller . “ She lives so near us , and you 've invited every other little girl on the street . ” “ Why , ” said Mildred , “ she 'd be sure to bring that dreadful doll that she loves so much . Some of the girls would n't come if she were invited . You said , mamma , I might ask just whom I pleased . ” Mrs. Fuller said nothing more , and the dainty notes of invitation flew here and there , but none stopped at Dilly 's door . Dilly hardly expected an invitation , but there were some bitter tears which fell down on Arabella 's face . Arabella was the name of one side of her doll . The doll was a crooked-neck squash with a stick for its body . It had two faces — one on each side of its head , and ink lines drawn round some of the yellow warts , made very prominent features . This doll was the comfort of Dilly 's life . The yellow noses were worn quite flat with her kisses , and she never had a trouble which was not poured into the two sympathizing ears , owned in common by Arabella and Angelina . The afternoon of the party came , and Dilly , with her doll , watched the gay little folks gather on the lawn in front of Mildred 's home . She soon became interested in their play , and quite forgot that she was not one of them , in her excitement over a game of hide-and-seek . Presently Mrs. Fuller called them for some pleasant surprise , and they all ran in , leaving their dolls leaning against the piazza . There was nothing more to see . Dilly was gathering up her doll , when something made her spring up and cry out . Rover , Johnny Cooper 's dog , shot past her , barking loudly , his eyes gleaming with mischief . Rover was the terror of every little girl in the neighborhood . Johnny sometimes teased his sisters by sending Rover after their dolls . Rover liked the sport , and came to think that dolls were his natural prey . Next to a big bone , there was nothing that delighted him so much as to shake a doll to pieces . He had seen the long row of dainty little figures , and was dashing towards them . Dilly ran after him , threatening and coaxing , but he did not notice her . Then she waved her turkey-red handkerchief , and screamed as loudly as she could , to attract someone 's attention . But no one came . Dilly thought of just one thing she could do . A last kiss on Arabella 's face , and then — “ Rover ! ” The cry sounded so sharp and strange that Rover turned his head . S-w-i-s-h ! Right down at his side there swooped such a queer-looking doll as Rover , with all his varied experience , had never seen . He made a dash for it . Dilly darted past him , and , gathering up the dolls , laid them in the hall , and shut the door . Her apron was over her face when she went down the walk , but a strange , crunching sound told her what had happened to her doll . Mildred found Dilly at home a few minutes later , folding away a little , ragged doll 's cap , and drenching it with tears . Mildred put her arms around Dilly 's neck . “ Oh , Dilly , ” she said , “ it was so beautiful of you ! Aunt Lou saw it all from the window . I 'm so ‘ shamed to think how I 've treated you . Do you think you could forgive me ? If you could I 'd love you all my life . ” Dilly forgave her , and , all in her ragged dress , went home with Mildred . Every little girl kissed her , and she stopped to tea . Not long after , a beautiful doll came to Dilly . It was Mildred 's gift , and all the little girls who were at the party helped to dress it . Dilly loves it dearly , and though it will never take the place of the dear , double-faced doll , she is very happy , for Mildred is her loyal friend . — Selected . A good cure for discontent — count your blessings every day . WHAT JENNY SHOWED JEAN . BY ADELE E. THOMPSON . It was a happy day for Jean when the cars started that were to take her and Big Sister all the way to Grandpa 's . When they left the train it was just as she had thought it would be . There was grandpa waiting to meet them , the ride through the green fields behind Prince , the big white house with dear grandma waiting at the door , Tobias the gray cat , the speckled hens ; all her friends , for grandpa had even opened the pasture gate and let Jenny , the pretty Jersey cow , come on the lawn to welcome Jean . And Jean ! She had hardly taken off her hat before she ran out to see them all . But Jenny was her especial favorite , because grandpa had brought her up from a calf and she was so gentle that she had let Jean take many a ride on her back . Jean had just given her a good hug when grandpa came by leading Prince to pasture . “ Please put me on her , ” she begged . “ All right , ” he answered . “ Take hold of the strap round her neck and do n't ride far . ” “ No , I wo n't . Jenny always stops for me to jump off when I want to . ” But when grandpa came back there was no little girl , no Jersey cow anywhere to be seen . Grandma and Big Sister had been so busy talking that they had not missed her , now when they called there was no answer . Where could Jean be ? But before anyone had time to be really frightened there was a patter of feet and Jean herself came running . “ Oh , oh , ” she cried , her eyes shining , “ what do you think ? Just as soon as I was on Jenny 's back she started for the barn . And when we came round by the barnyard she stopped and said ‘ Moo , moo , ’ an ’ then a little calf — just like Jenny — that I had n't seen ‘ cause it was lying down , jumped up , an ’ came running to the gate an ’ put its head through . Jenny put her head down an ’ kissed it , then she turned her head and looked at me , an ’ I jumped right down off her back an ’ kissed it too . For I knew it was Jenny 's calf an ’ she had taken me out the first thing to show it to me . Was n't it nice of Jenny to want me to see her calf ? an ’ grandpa , can I name it ? ” Grandpa said he thought it was very nice indeed , of Jenny to show Jean her baby , and they had been waiting for her to come and name it . “ Oh , oh ! ” cried Jean again , “ and I have a name all ready . It is Daisy . ” VAIN WISHES . BY HELEN I. CASTELLA . Sometimes I think I 'd like to be A duck to splash in the pond so free : And then again I 've pondered o'er The hen that clucks near the barnyard door . The guinea 's life is freer than all , She wanders off , nor listens to call , But the pine cone chips that fall on me , Remind me of squirrels far up in the tree — The nuts they 're gath'ring to store away ‘ Gainst skies of winter 's cold and grey . There 's something else that skips so free Through the brush with hardly a glance at me ; With his furry coat , he 's quick as a wink , Would I be a rabbit ? I stop and think . But between you and I — After all , what 's the use In spending my time regretting ? There 's only one thing I 'll turn into — A goose ! If I waste many moments in fretting ! The Things in the Garden By GERTRUDE WARNER Rose and Marguerite were playing in the nursery when they heard a queer bumping noise down in the back yard . “ What 's that ? ” asked Rose , stopping to listen . “ That 's Stubby , kicking his heels against the settee . He 's awful cross today , ” said Marguerite , and kept right on making the doll 's bed . In a second Rose had her head out of the window . There sat Stubby , kicking his heels against the settee and looking dreadfully cross . “ Why , Stubby dear , what 's the matter ? ” she called sweetly . “ Nuffin ’ , ” said Stubby . “ Why do n't you play with the things in the garden ? ” “ What fings ? ” “ Wait a minute and we 'll come down and show you , ” Rose said , drawing her head in . “ How can you play with that cross , cross Stubby ? ” asked Marguerite . “ He is n't sick , and we 've done everything to please him all day . He 's just plain cross . And if you play with him we can n't finish arranging the playhouse before five o'clock . ” Copyright by Underwood & Underwood , N. Y . “ Mother said I might stay till six , ” said Rose gently , “ and I 've thought of something to keep him busy . Come ! ” Marguerite gave Rose a bear-hug and soon Stubby saw them coming across the lawn . Rose stopped under the apple tree to look for green apples . “ Muvver says not eat green apples , ” shouted Stubby . Rose held up a little one . “ Come on , ” she called . “ Find one the size of that ! ” Stubby became interested in spite of himself , and more so , as Rose began picking thorns off the rosebush and sticking them into the apple for eyes , nose and mouth . Marguerite and Stubby began making one like Rose 's . “ Now , find a stick and push it in for the body , ” said Rose . Stubby rammed one in so hard that it came out at the top of his doll 's head . “ That 'll be good to stick a hat to , ” he said cheerfully . “ They look pretty thin , ” said Marguerite holding hers at arms length . “ But wait till they have clothes on , ” said Rose happily . “ Hollyhocks are fine for clothes . ” So Stubby raced off for hollyhocks , picking the short stems off very carefully ; first the large , silver-white ones , then shell-pink ones and last of all , the dark , velvety , red ones . “ Mine 's going to be red , ” shouted Stubby , running back with his hands full . “ Then take three , one for the waist and two for the ruffly skirt , ” said Rose . “ I know what 'll be good for a parasol , ” said Stubby , sitting down beside Rose . “ What ? ” asked Rose . Stubby pointed to the morning-glory vine climbing all over the arbor , with its pink and violet blossoms rolled tightly up , just like an umbrella ! Rose clapped her hands . “ Just the thing , ” she cried . The children next made long braids of hair of striped grass , and fastened them to the backs of the dolls ’ heads with thorns . Then they bound broad sashes of satiny grass around the waists and used the flat nasturtium leaves for sailor hats . “ Now we must begin a house for them to live in , ” proceeded Rose . “ Pick up little stones and make squares on the piazza floor for rooms . ” Stubby soon made four rooms , leaving a door in each , with a hall down the middle . “ We can have grape leaves for blankets on the beds , and rose-petals for pillows , can n't we ? ” said Stubby excitedly , “ and a big , flat stone for a table and little stones for chairs !— and more rose petals for chair cushions ! ” Marguerite was busily pinning a sweet-pea on her doll 's head for a bonnet , and Rose finished arranging an acorn cup full of tiny green grapes for apples , before she replied . “ Stubby , ” she said at last , “ you 're a very clever boy . ” She deftly cut a green apple in two as she spoke , and began hollowing one half out with a sharp stick . “ This will make a good set-bowl , ” she said , getting very red in the face with so much digging . “ Now , Stubby 's got the idea , we can go back and arrange the playhouse . ” “ Oh , I 'd rather do this ! ” cried Marguerite . “ We can arrange that playhouse any rainy day . ” “ Well , if you want to , we 'll keep on , ” said Rose , looking very happy , and giving Stubby a bear-hug . Stubby did n't usually like being hugged , but this time he hugged Rose back , and said , “ My doll 's name is going to be Rose . ” THE PRINCESSES AND THE WOOD-CUTTER 'S DAUGHTER . BY JANE WEST . When the queen was riding in the forest she met the woodcutter 's little daughter , and she was so pleased with the child that she invited her to visit at the palace . The child , Avis , came the next day , and she was taken up to the royal nursery to play with the princesses . Before long the children were arguing about what game they should play . Then Rose , who was the eldest , remembered her duty to the visitor . “ What would you like to play , Avis ? ” she said . “ I 'd like to play whatever the rest of you like , ” said Avis with her bright smile . After that the princesses were ashamed to argue about it . They agreed to let Mignon , the smallest of them , choose . She chose Ring-around-a-rosy , and they all played , and had a great deal of fun . When the queen came in for a few minutes Avis remembered to draw up the best chair , and place a footstool for her feet . All day Avis was so sweet and good-natured that the princesses quite hated to part with her . They said good-night , when she went , urging her to come soon again . “ How does Avis learn to be polite ? ” Rose asked the queen that night . “ She is only a poor woodcutter 's daughter , and lives in a weed cottage . But she has better manners than we , who live in the palace . ” “ Why , my child , you have forgotten what politeness is . Mignon , my little one , I just taught you yesterday , stand forth and tell your sisters . ” So Mignonette put her hands behind her , and chanted : “ Politeness is to do , and say The kindest thing , in the kindest way . ” “ There , children , ” said the queen , “ you see how it is . Politeness comes from a kind heart , and it makes a child lovely , and beloved , whether she lives in the hut or the palace . ” THE VALLEY OF GRUMP . BY MARGARET COLTON . The Valley of Grump is a sad , sad place , And a dangerous pitfall , too , So easy it seems to slip into its depths — And some of the little folks do ! Oh , I 'm sorry for them when I witness their woe , Their faces all wrinkle and twist about so ; And to their assistance I gladly would go — But I dread the sad Valley of Grump , my dears , I dread the sad Valley of Grump ! The sun never shines in the Valley of Grump ; The wind always blows from the east ; The air , I have noticed , is constantly chill , And never warms up in the least . As every one weeps , there are tears all the day ; And when people are cross , they have little to say ; And when faces are ugly , they look t'other way — So beware of the Valley of Grump , my dears , Beware of the Valley of Grump ! The sun never shines in the Valley of Grump Yet sometimes they speak in the Valley of Grump , And their language , I 'm told , is a whine — You may have been troubled by sound of that speech , But I hope that fate wo n't be mine . And sometimes , from down in the depths of the vale , The whine rises up in a terrible wail ; And the people who hear are like to turn pale , And flee from the Valley of Grump , my dears , Far away from the Valley of Grump ! There the tears ever falling are turned into fog That hangs o'er the vale damp and chill , And in it the little folks shiver and shake Till they really are well-nigh ill ! So I long to cry out to the sad little crew , “ Come up to the sunshine , you grumpy ones , do ! Your tears are all needless , if only you knew — Come out of the Valley of Grump , poor dears , Come out of the Valley of Grump ! ” THE “ BITER 'S ” WAGON . By Mary E. Q . Brush . I am sorry to say that little Chalmers Ashton was afraid of things ! And you know there was really nothing to be afraid of , for he lived in a safe , comfortable house in the best part of town , and there were father and mother and grandpa and Uncle James , Tilly the maid and Billy the hired man to look after him — to say nothing of Mr. O'Brien , the burly policeman in blue coat and brass buttons , who used to stroll up and down the street after nightfall . But Chalmers used to “ imagine things ” — “ think them up in his mind . ” I can n't begin to tell you just what they were — only some were like snakes and some had horns and sharp teeth and glaring eyes and they growled like everything . Chalmers made up a name for them ; he called them “ The Biters . ” Awful silly was n't it , to be afraid of made-up things ? One day an animal show came to the town . For one whole day big white tents were in the meadow at the rear of the orchard which belonged to Chalmers ’ father , and , what with the rumbling red and yellow wagons , the noise and confusion , the shouting of the men , the roaring of the lions and howling and snarling of the other animals — well , really , it was almost like being next door to a jungle ! And it was after midnight before everything was packed up and put on board the long train of cars . Now the show people left one of their smaller wagons behind them ; it was a very old one and something was the matter with it so that they did n't think it worth while repairing . So the next morning , there it stood near the elm tree out in the meadow . Then , what do you suppose ? Well , it was a very foolish thing to do , but Chalmers got it into his head that some of the animals had been left in that wagon ! “ I dare say they are ‘ Biters , ’ and maybe , sometime if I go near them , they 'll pounce out and grab me ! ” the little boy said to himself , and not a day passed that he did n't cast scared glances toward the tattered cover of the wagon . Of course there were times when he felt quite brave and actually wanted to peep into the wagon ; more than once he had visions of what a delightful time he might have with it , making believe it was a street car , or playing with it as an omnibus — but he never mustered up enough courage to do this . One day as he came home from school he happened to glance at the wagon and his heart seemed to jump up into his throat . Surely there was something stirring inside that wagon ; he saw the canvas cover bulge out — no , it was n't the wind fluttering it ! Besides he was positive that he heard queer noises inside . “ It 's the ‘ Biters ’ — I know it is ; ” he gasped . At first he was tempted to run right into the house , then something inside of him seemed to say , “ Do n't be such a coward , Chalmers ! Do n't you remember what the teacher told you today about General Washington and other brave men ? ” So Chalmers stood still a minute . “ I 'll not be a coward ! Besides , there 's mother sitting and sewing on the side porch . ” So Chalmers climbed over into the meadow and went toward the wagon . When he got to the rear of it and peeped in , what do you think he heard and saw ? Oh , such a lot of chuckles and giggles , and there , seated in a row were his cousins — plump little Marjory , laughing Sharley and cute little Jim ! There seated in a row were his cousins ! “ We 've come to spend the day with you and we thought we 'd hide and surprise you ! ” cried Sharley , while Marjory added . “ Oh , is n't this wagon the jolliest old place to play in ! You must have lots of fun with it . ” “ Well , I 'm going to have some fun with it now , ” Chalmers replied as he climbed up to take a seat beside her . +——————— -  + | | | Knowledge Box | | | +——————— -  + Ruth 's Pretty Dress . “ My dress is so pretty , ” said Ruth , smoothing its soft fold and patting her own curls as she looked at her pretty reflection in the big mirror . “ Yes , ” said the mother , “ your dress is pretty , dear , and let mother tell you something about how many helped to make your dress . “ First , a little brown seed baby was put into the ground and it grew up to be a plant with flowers on it . Then the flowers dropped off and little green pods came in their places . These pods made a nice little house for the seed babies , but when the little seeds got ripe they burst their house open and it was all full of soft , white cotton . Some little boys and girls picked the cotton out , and then some men put it in a machine and took the seed all out of the soft white stuff , and then it went to another big house and was made into thread , and then into a beautiful piece of cloth , and mother and auntie made your pretty dress out of the seed babies ’ cotton blanket . Is n't it nice that everybody helps Ruthie girl to have pretty things . ” — Written for Dew Drops by Francis McKinnon Morton . OUR LESSON .— For August 23 . PREPARED BY MARGUERITE COOK . Title .— The Wedding Feast .— Matt . 22 : 1-14 . Golden Text .— O Jerusalem , how often would I have gathered thy children together , even as a hen gathereth her own brood under her wings !— Luke 13 : 34 . Golden Text for Beginners .— We love him , because he first loved us .— 1 John 4 : 19 . Truth .— The great love of Jesus is for even those who would harm him . 1 . Jesus told a parable about the kingdom of heaven . Illustration 2 . He said it is like a king who made a marriage feast for his son . 3 . When the feast was ready he sent messengers to ask his guests to come to the feast . Illustration 4 . Some did not listen to the invitation , and others went about their work . Illustration 5 . Still others abused the king 's servants , and killed them . Illustration 6 . The king sent out his army to punish the murderers . 7 . The king then sent his servants out into the streets to invite whoever could be found to come to the feast . 8 . They brought in the poor and rich , the good and bad . Illustration 9 . The king went in to the feast to see his guests . 10 . He found one man who showed his disrespect for the king by not wearing his wedding garment as he should have done . 11 . The king sent him away from the feast . Illustration 12 . All are asked to come to God 's feast , but few accept his invitation . QUESTIONS . What is the Golden Text ? What is the Truth ? 1 . About what did Jesus tell a parable ? 2 . What did he say the kingdom of heaven is like ? 3 . When the feast was served for whom did the guests send ? 4 . To what did some of them refuse to listen ? 5 . What did still others do to the king 's servants ? 6 . What did the king do to these murderers ? 7 . Whom did the king send his servants out into the streets to invite ? 8 . Whom did they bring to the feast ? 9. Who went in to see his guests ? 10. Who was not wearing the wedding garment ? 11 . What did the king do with him ? 12. Who are asked to come to God 's feast ? LESSON HYMN . Tune — “ Jesus loves me , this I know , ” omitting chorus ( E flat ) . Come and love the Savior now , Let us all before him bow ; We must not reject his call , For he owns and loves us all . Title of Lesson for Aug. 30 . A Day of Questions .— Matt . 22 : 15-22 . Golden Text for Aug. 30 . Render ... unto God the things that are God 's .— Matt . 22 : 21 . Beginners Golden Text for Aug. 30 . We love him , because he first loved us .— 1 John 4 : 19 . +—————————————+ | | | Advice to Boys and Girls | | | +—————————————+ A Rule That Worked Both Ways . It is a poor rule that will not work both ways . At least , so thought Mrs. Fletcher , though her son , Ralph Fletcher , did not seem to be of the same opinion until he had first tasted some of his own medicine . “ I wish you would pick up that book , Ralph . You have stepped over it twice and have still left it on the floor , ” Mrs. Fletcher said to her son one morning . “ I did not drop it , mother ; it was Grace , ” Ralph replied . “ And because you did not drop it , you think you should not pick it up ? It would be a very unhappy world , Ralph , if all worked on that principle . However , as you seem unwilling to be polite and brotherly , I must ask Grace to place the book on the table again . ” A few mornings afterward , Ralph went to his mother , saying : “ Mother , dear , will you take a stitch in this ball for me ? I ripped it playing with Frank Danver . Will you do it now ? because I 'm in a hurry . ” “ I did not rip the ball , and so I see no reason why I should mend it , ” Mrs. Fletcher said . “ You did the damage ; you must repair it . ” “ Oh , mother — ” Ralph began , then stopped suddenly . “ Yes . It is not quite as nice a rule for others to work by , is it , Ralph ? ” “ No ; and it wo n't be nice for me after this , if I can help it , ” Ralph replied with a blush . After which , one may be sure , the mother 's fingers went to work quickly upon the ball . But that is a way mothers have , of ever standing ready to give help and encouragement to their boys and girls . SWINGING . BY ELIZABETH LINCOLN GOULD . Swing , swing , under the apple tree , Down in the orchard when apples are red ; Catch the rope tightly then up and away you go , Up to the green , spreading boughs overhead . Swing , swing under the apple tree , Up till you see the sky through the green ; Down till your feet sweep the grass growing under you , Up , up again to the wide , leafy screen . — Youth 's Companion . Entered at the Post Office at Elgin , Ill ., as Second Class Mail Matter . Price of Dew Drops .— In lots of five or more , to one address , 20 cents per copy per year , or 5-1 / 2 cents per copy per quarter . Address , David C. Cook Publishing Co ., Elgin , Ill .