DEW DROPS Illustration ] VOL . 37 . No . 10 . WEEKLY . DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILLINOIS . GEORGE E. COOK . EDITOR . MARCH 8 , 1914 . FRANCIE FISHER 'S FISH Illustration By Marion Mallette Thornton On the Primary Room wall was a beautiful picture of a shining river . Francie loved to count the fish that were swimming in it . Just fourteen there were , and every one stood for a new scholar someone had brought into the Primary Class . How Francie wished he could bring one and have Miss Florence pin a fish in the river and a red tag on his blouse to show that he had caught it . “ How you s'pose I can get a fish , mother ? ” he asked earnestly . “ I should think a Fisher-boy ought to be able to catch just one . ” Mother shook her head . “ I do n't know , I 'm sure . There is n't a child on this street who does n't go to Sunday-school . ” “ P'r ' aps one will move on , ” said Francie hopefully . But when a new family did move to that street there were no children in it . One day Francie came flying into the house . “ Oh . mother , the ash-man 's here and I b'lieve he 's got a fish with him ! ” “ What ? ” exclaimed mother , but when she looked out she understood . Sitting in the ash-man 's cart was a pretty little boy , with black eyes and tight curly hair . “ Is he yours . Mr. Lugi ? ” mother asked , and the ash-man smiled and nodded : “ Yes . mine — my Rafael . ” “ Does he go to Sunday-school ? ” put in Francie eagerly . “ No , no school — too little , him . ” “ Oh , but it 's just Sundays and we sing and there 's pictures . Could n't he please go with me . Mr. Lugi ? ” begged Francie , “ I 'll take awful good care of him . ” Mother explained a little more , and at last Mr. Lugi said Rafael might go , only — “ No dress up , no clothes , ” he said sadly . But that did not trouble Francie . “ Why , he can have my brown suit , can n't he , mother ? I 'd just as soon . ” The next day mother took Francie down to see Mrs. Lugi . Little Rafael was shy at first , but he soon got over it and was friendly as could be . The little black-eyed Italian mother was very glad to see them . “ I like Rafael go the Christ-church , ” she said . “ I use go myself , home — Italy . ” The brown suit , too small for Francie , was just right for Rafael , and it would have been hard to find two happier little boys than Francie and his fish when they walked into the Primary class together . Rafael clapped his hands with the rest when Miss Florence pinned the fish in the river and the red tag on Francie 's blouse . Miss Florence pinned the fish in the river and the red tag on Francie 's blouse . And what do you think ? Out in the big room there were two more new fish , one in Mother Fisher 's class and one in Father Fisher 's . They were Mr. Lugi and the little Italian mother , come to Sunday-school with their little boy . “ Really and truly , ” Francie said , “ seem 's if I caught three fish ‘ stead of one . ” “ Really and truly , ” said Mother Fisher , “ I think you did . ” “ ALL BY HERSELF . ” The older children were gone out for the day : mamma was busy in the sewing room with Miss Fay : Molly was doing the Saturday baking . “ What could Alice do all by herself ? ” This was the very question that popped into the wee girl 's own head , and she trotted off to ask mamma . “ Here 's I , ” she said , at the sewing room door . “ Here 's I , all by myself . What 's I goin ’ do , mamma ? ” “ Going to be mamma 's good little daughter and amuse yourself this morning without help from anybody . See how busy I am . ” “ Everybody 's busy that is n't gone way off , ” said Alice dolefully . “ Well , then , ” said mamma . “ Alice must be busy , too , taking care of herself and making her own good times . See how well she can do it . “ But first of all , ” mamma went on , “ think what you would like to do or to have me get for you , and I 'll stop a minute now for that , so as to start you . ” This was an important thing to decide , so Alice went into the next room and sat down in her kindergarten chair before her table , to think it out . She folded her arms and sat still about a minute : then she ran to mamma , exclaiming . “ I know now , please get me my snub scissors ” ( of course she meant round-pointed ) “ and some bright paper , and I 'll cut and cut ever so long . ” Mamma dropped her work and got the things . “ Now , dear , ” she said , “ see if you can n't get along the rest of the morning by yourself . Dolly and the picture books are in the dining room . Do n't ask me for anything if you can help it , but keep out of mischief and be as happy as you can . ” Alice went back to her little table and soon had it covered with queer things . There were the oddest dolls you ever saw , with arms sticking out like stems : and there were horses with as many legs as could be put along the whole length of the body . It was great fun to cut them . But by and by Alice grew tired of this , and jumped up quickly . Over went the little table , scattering things everywhere . Such a litter ! “ I 'll just leave it all , ” thought Alice . Then a little voice inside said . “ Pick it all up and help mamma . ” After a minute , the little girl obeyed this pleasant voice , and picked up every scrap . Then she ran downstairs without stopping at the sewing room door , though she wanted to . “ Peggy Morlinda , ” she said , taking dolly from her cradle , “ is you all by yourself , too ? Is n't it lonesome ? Come , I 'll put you to sleep . ” Peggy was soon asleep , or supposed to be , though her eyes were still staring . “ Now I will go take one little peek at mamma . ” said Alice , starting upstairs , but stopping next step . “ No . I wo n't neiver , ” she said bravely . “ I wo n't ‘ sturb mamma one bit . ” After this the little girl found amusement for awhile at the library window . Next , she went back to the picture books , and read a long story , all made up out of her own head , to Peggy Morlinda , who woke up to listen . But what a long morning it was ! She did not enjoy it much , but she made up her mind about one thing — she would n't “ ‘ sturb mamma . ” At last papa came home and Alice ran to him to be tossed up and down , and they had a fine frolic . “ Have you gotten along nicely with your work ? ” asked papa of mamma at dinner . “ Very nicely , thank you , ” said mamma . “ Alice helped me a great deal ! ” “ Alice ! ” exclaimed papa , looking as surprised as possible . “ Can Alice sew ? ” Mamma laughed . “ Oh , no , indeed , not yet , ” she said , “ but she gave me a fine chance to do it . She amused herself all morning and did not ask me to do anything for her , so we got on beautifully with the work in the sewing room . ” “ Peggy Morlinda , is you all by yourself , too ? ” “ Good girl , ” said papa , and Alice looked as happy as she felt . Oh , how glad she was that she had not left those scraps of paper for mamma to pick up ! It is always safe to listen to the little inward voice that says , “ Do right . ” “ Do tell me a story , ” “ What can I play ? ” “ What shall I do next ? ” the little folks cry to the grown-ups , and all these things take time to attend to . If the children who are too small to do any work to “ help mamma , ” would oftener amuse themselves , as Alice did , they would help much more than perhaps they think .— Written for Dew Drops by Mary Harris . OUR SKATING RINK . The wind blew shrill , the sky was gray : “ Oh , dear , ” sighed Molly , “ how it rains ! Let 's think of some new game to play , I 'm getting very tired of trains . ” “ I know , ” said Jack : “ it will be fun ! ” And seized some paper , pen and ink ; “ Look , look , ” cried Susie , “ what he 's done : He 's written , ‘ To the Skating Rink ! ’ ” The children thought it strange of him To pin it up upon the wall ; “ We have n't any skates , ” said Jim ; “ It is n't any good at all . ” But Jack looked wise . “ Oh , yes , ” said he , “ I 've thought of just the very thing ; These railway trucks do splendidly — We 'll tie them on our feet with string . ” They did , and all began to skate . But Jack , I fear , was rather rash ; He would start off at such a rate That down he tumbled with a crash ! He was n't hurt . “ I 'm quite all right , ” He cried , and scrambled up again ; And on they skated with delight , Forgetting all about the rain ! — Selected . Why Betty Changed Her Mind By Marie Deacon Hanson Illustration Each day , on her way to school , Betty called for Robbie Porter . There were two reasons why she did this . One was that she had promised Mrs. Porter she would , the other was that the little boy 's mother always gave Betty a cooky , or a piece of candy , or sometimes a penny . Betty never wanted anyone to know about this second reason , which made her feel ashamed of herself , whenever she thought of it . “ Just as if you could n't do a kind thing for your neighbor without expecting to get something for doing it , ” she would say scornfully to herself . One afternoon , Mrs. Porter met Betty in the grocery , and said to her : “ Deary , shall you mind calling for Robbie about ten minutes earlier in the morning ? I want to go to the city on the eight-thirty train . ” And before Betty could answer , she added . “ Of course , Robbie could go by himself now that he has learned the way , but he does so enjoy going with you . ” “ And I do n't mind one bit calling for him , ” Betty hastened to assure Mrs. Porter . “ I 'll come early in the morning . ” On the way home from the store . Betty saw her cousin , Julia Norton , coming eagerly to meet her . “ Betty , ” Julia cried , “ mother sent me to ask you to stay all night . Cousin Lottie has come , and mother says we can pop corn and have a good time . And you must be sure to bring your books so you can go right to school in the morning from our house . ” “ That will be lovely , ” Betty exclaimed delightedly . There were few treats she enjoyed more than going to her aunt 's home . Julia ran off to speak to another girl , and Betty following , suddenly remembered Robbie . How could she call for him if she were at her aunt 's ? The latter lived on the other side of the village , and it would be far out of Betty 's way to call for Robbie . “ I 'm sorry I can n't call for Robbie in the morning . ” “ I just wo n't bother about him , ” she decided . But even as she did so , she remembered that she had not only promised to call for Robbie in the morning , but to call for him earlier than usual and his mother would depend upon her . “ Oh , dear ! What shall I do ? ” Betty cried impatiently . A small voice seemed to answer in her ear , and it sounded so real that Betty actually turned to see if the owner were near : “ Do as you would be done by . ” “ Why , that 's the Golden Rule , ” Betty quickly exclaimed . “ And mother says if you do as the Golden Rule tells you , you 'll never be unhappy . What does it tell me to do now ? ” She stood in thought for a moment , and the next , she ran to overtake her cousin . “ Julia , please give this sugar to mother , ” Betty said , placing the bag in her cousin 's band . “ And tell her that I 've gone to Mrs. Porter 's and I 'll be right back . ” Betty flew down the street to Mrs. Porter 's and knocked hurriedly on the door . “ Why , Betty , what is it , dear ? ” Mrs. Porter asked in surprise , as the former rushed into the room , in response to the invitation to enter . “ I 'm sorry I can n't call for Robbie in the morning . I 'm going to Aunt Fanny 's to stay all night , ” Betty explained breathlessly . “ It is thoughtful of you to come and tell me now , dear , ” Mrs. Porter replied . “ I 'll ask Jennie Lee to stop for Robbie in the morning . I hope you will have a nice visit at your aunt 's . ” “ I know I shall , ” Betty answered happily . “ I 'll call for Robbie the next day , Mrs. Porter . ” And away the little girl tripped , light-hearted as could be . That is the way it makes one feel to follow the Golden Rule . JACK 'S MASTER . Jack 's most delightful present last Christmas was a red wooden gun , with arrows that would shoot very hard indeed . At least Jack thought it was delightful , but his mamma did not ; those little pointed wooden arrows that flew so far and hit so hard made her very uneasy , for fear her little boy would presently hurt somebody . But mammas hate to spoil their little boys ’ fun , and Jack 's mamma made an arrangement by which it was agreed that he was to have his gun , provided that he never pointed it at anybody , even in play . Jack was quick enough to promise ; he meant to keep his promise , too ; and I think would have kept it if it had n't been for his master . You did n't know Jack had a master ? No more did he know it till the day he had to give up his gun . You see , Jack had a little brother , two years younger than himself , who was a very spirit of mischief , and loved above all things to tease big Jack . One day , when the two boys were playing together , pretending to be wild Indians out in the woods . Will began to tease Jack by saying : “ There was a little man , and he had a little gun , ” and all the rest of that little song . I do n't know why this teased Jack , but he got madder and madder , until , alas ! in spite of his promise , he pointed his gun — not at the “ duck — duck — duck , ” but at Will , and struck him on the cheek . Now it was not the wooden arrow with which his gun was loaded this time , but one leg of a sharp steel hairpin , and it went into the cheek and stuck there like a little dagger . Half an hour later the red gun was in ashes on mamma 's hearth , while mamma herself and both boys sat sorrowfully by its grave . “ Mamma , ” said Jack , “ I did n't mean to shoot Will , but somehow I could n't help it . ” “ No , ” said mamma , shaking her head : “ I forgot when I let you keep the gun that you had a master . ” “ A master ? ” asked Jack , in surprise . “ Yes , ” said mamma , “ you obey Bad Temper 's orders , though you do n't always obey mine . ” “ Mamma , ” said Jack , presently , “ I think I 'll leave Bad Temper 's service . He gets me into a heap of trouble . ” “ Do , Jack , ” she said , smiling brightly at him . “ And while you are getting rid of a bad master , remember that you have a good one , the Lord Jesus , on whose banner is written , ‘ Putting away all wrath and clamor . ’ ” Little Will listened very soberly to all this , with a red hole in his cheek , and both chubby hands resting on his bare knees . I hope he made up his mind , too , to choose the good Master .— Selected . WHAT MAKES MEN ? What care I for cold or snow ? School bell rings , and off I go ! I am ready for the storm , And my heart is light and gay ; Mother 's hand has wrapped me warm , As I trudge along the way . Mother says , “ Learn all you can , Then you 'll be a better man . ” So I pack my books and go . Through the rain or wind or snow ; For I hope some day to be Just the man she 'd like to see . Well I know that boys must learn To be ready for each turn , Never idle nor afraid . By rough struggles men are made . So each morning , off I start . With a merry , willing heart . — Selected . LUCILE 'S SURPRISE . It was a bitter cold day in January , so cold that the children ran all the way to school . It was snowing , too , and blowing as hard as it could . A very small crowd was in the classroom that morning , and everyone began to wonder why . “ Not on account of the cold , surely , ” declared Edith Watts . “ Why , it 's just fine to be out to-day . And I know Lucile would never stay away because it was cold . She has too much spunk for that . ” But still Lucile did n't come , and everyone wondered : for she never was sick , and had said nothing the day before about staying away . “ I want her to awaken from a nap and find the kittens swinging in the basket . ” At the last moment Polly Dalton came hurrying in , saying , “ Girls ’ there 's a scarlet fever sign on Dayres ’ door , so Lucile must be sick . The nun was putting the sign up as I came by . ” Later in the day it was found that several other children had fever , or were afraid to come out lest they should get it , so the Hill School was closed for a week . Edith Watts was very lonely without her little friend , and spent much of her time writing letters to her , or in thinking of nice things to do for her . “ I wish I could think of something very , very sweet to do for her , something that would make her happy all the time , ” she said . “ It must be so lonely and stupid for her to stay in the same room all the time , never seeing any other children . ” “ Keep thinking about it and the right thought will come to you , ” mamma told her , and mamma 's advice turned out to be right , as usual . Two days later , Edith came downstairs , her face shining . “ I know , mamma . I know what will make Lucile happy every day in the whole six weeks she must stay in the house . The kittens ! I will give her my kittens . It has been nearly two weeks since she has seen them , and they have grown so much and their fur has fluffed out so beautifully she will hardly know them . ” And the kittens were lovely . Who would n't want a present like that ? Edith loved them with all her heart , but she did n't for one minute want to keep them for herself when she knew they would make Lucile happy . She put them carefully in a basket , covering them well to keep out the cold . A nice Indian hanging-basket that she had used for a swing for the pets was packed , too , and then papa took the “ happy thought , ” as mamma called it , to Lucile 's home . “ Remember , it must be a surprise for her , ” his small daughter reminded him as he left the house . “ I want her to awaken from a nap and find the kittens swinging in the basket just where she can see them . ” And that is the way Lucile saw them . If they ever had looked sweet to Edith 's eyes , they looked a thousand times more so to Lucile 's poor , tired ones . “ Oh-h-h ! ” she exclaimed , with a long-drawn , happy sigh . “ You darling darlings ! Have you come to stay , or are you only visitors ? ” The basket with its dainty load hung from a picture-hook near by , and the new-comers looked quite contented to stay . They jumped into the bed and did all they knew to cure the little girl . And they really helped .— Written for Dew Drops by Elizabeth Roberts Burton . Knowledge Box When Lapland Babies Go to Church . When Sunday morning comes , the Lapland father harnesses his reindeer to the sleigh . Father and mother wrap themselves in fur coats and put a fur coat on the baby , and away they go over the snow to church , it may be ten or even fifteen miles , for the reindeer can go a good deal faster than a horse . But the old Lapland custom of caring for the babies while the grown people are in church , you never would guess . For as soon as the reindeer is made secure , the father Lapp shovels out a snug little bed in the snow , and when it is ready the mother Lapp wraps the baby snug and warm in skins and lays it down there . Then the father Lapp piles the snow around and over the baby , when they go into the church and leave the baby in the snow . So common is this that sometimes there are twenty or thirty babies , down to the little wee-est ones , buried in snow around the church . You might think the babies would suffocate , but they do not , nor do they freeze . In fact , the snow does not make them cold . For when it covers anyone all over , if they have clothes enough on , so the snow will not melt and wet them , it will keep them warm . And as the little Lapland babies are not strong enough to knock the snow away and let in the cold , they just lie there safe and warm and go to sleep . When church is out the father Lapp goes to the spot where his baby is , puts his hands down into the snow , pulls the baby our and shakes the snow off it ; then the reindeer is unfastened , father and mother tuck themselves and the baby in the sleigh , and over the snow away they trot home again .— Written for Dew Drops by Adele E. Thompson . MOTHER HULDA 'S FEATHER BED . How many children know what the boys and girls of far-off Norway sometimes think when they see the dainty , feathery snowflakes flying softly and silently through the air ? I do n't think there are many of you who do know , so I will tell you the story . If we were there when they have the first snowstorm of the season we could hear them shouting gleefully to each other : “ See ! oh , see ! Mother Hulda is shaking her feather bed . ” There is a story about this Mother Hulda and her feather bed that is told to the little ones there . She lives , it is said , far , far above this busy world , with the clouds for her home , the sun for a lamp and fire . She is always very busy , and especially so at the beginning of the winter , for then she has to unpack her great feather bed , and after that is done she spends all of her time shaking it . Indeed she shakes it so much that she wears many holes in it , through which the feathers fly in all directions . The wind catches them up and carries them gently to the earth , where they cover the bare limbs of the trees , making them beautiful , and where they spread lightly on the ground and protect the roots of the flowers from the cold winter winds . Mother Hulda does not tire of shaking her bed until the warmer spring winds begin to blow ; then she packs it away until she sees Jack Frost traveling again over the world below , and finds traces of the mischievous fellow even in her lofty home .— Selected . OUR LESSON .— March 8 . PREPARED BY MARGUERITE COOK . Title .— Watchfulness ( Temperance Lesson ) .— Luke 12 : 35-48 . Golden Text .— Blessed are those servants , whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching .— Luke 12 : 37 . Golden Text for Beginners .— Even a child maketh himself known by his doings .— Prov . 20 : 11 . Truth .— Be always ready . 1 . Jesus told his disciples that they must be always ready and watching for his coming . Illustration 2 . He told them to be like faithful servants , who , with their lights burning , wait for the return of their absent master . 3 . He said that the master who should come home and find his servants watching for him would be pleased . Illustration 4 . He would invite them to sit down at his table , and he would serve them himself . 5 . Those faithful servants would receive a blessing . 6 . Jesus warns us all to watch and be faithful about our work , so that when he comes again we will be ready . 7 . He says that no one knows the day nor the hour when he will return . 8 . The master chooses the faithful servants to rule over his house . 9 . The unfaithful servant will not be found watching when his master shall come . 10 . He will spend his time in eating and drinking and abusing his fellow-servants . Illustration 11 . The master will come when he is not expected , and will see these evil deeds and punish the servant for his unfaithfulness . QUESTIONS . What is the Golden Text ? What is the Truth ? 1 . For what did Jesus tell his disciples to watch ? 2 . Like whom did he tell them to be ? 3. Who would be pleased to find his servants watching ? 4 . What would he invite them to do ? 5 . What would they receive if found faithful ? 6 . What does Jesus warn us all to do ? 7. Who knows when Jesus will return ? 8. Who will be made ruler over his master 's house ? 9. Who will not be found watching ? 10 . How will he spend his time ? 11. Who will come when he is not expected ? LESSON HYMN . Tune — “ Jesus loves me , this I know , ” omitting chorus ( E flat ) . When our work on earth is done , Jesus calls us , every one ; Let us work , and watch , and pray , For his coming , every day . Title of Lesson for March 15 . The Lawful Use of the Sabbath .— Luke 13 : 10-17 ; 14 : 1-6 . Golden Text for March 15 . The sabbath was made for man .— Mark 2 : 27 . Beginners Golden Text for March 15 . Even a child maketh himself known by his doings .— Prov . 20 : 11 . Advice to Boys and Girls The Difference it Made . “ What a sweet voice that little child in the red cloak has ! ” said a visitor in Sunday-school to a teacher , as together they listened to the children raising their song of praise . “ Yes , is n't it sweet ? And she always sings just so heartily , ” was the reply . A little later , the school closed and , the children on their way home , the visitor chanced to pass by the child in the red cloak , just in time to hear her say angrily to her nurse , who had called for her : “ I do n't want to go this way — I want to go through the park . I wo n't ! I wo n't go through that horrid old street ! ” “ But , Miss Mazie , your mamma said we were to go straight home and not stay in the park to-day . ” Upon this , the little lady marched away , with pouting lips and injured mien . “ Ah , ” thought the lady , “ what a difference it makes in the voice when one speaks angrily ! No matter how sweet it may be , how harsh and unloving angry words make it ! ” What a pity that Mazie did not keep her voice as musical and birdlike as it was when she was singing her morning song of praise ! Think of this , little readers , and when you are tempted to be angry and speak in cross tones , instead of making your voice unpleasant to hear , endeavor to make it sweet and loving . Thoughts for Mothers The Earnest Mother . Mothers seldom realize the influence they exert in molding the lives of their children . It is the faithful teaching , as well as the consistent practicing of an earnest mother which results in forming characters of nobility and uprightness in the sons and daughters . The work cannot be begun too early . From their very birth , our children receive impressions . What the character of these impressions is depends upon surrounding influences . A true mother 's influence should last long after she is at rest . Said Thomas H. Benton : “ My mother asked me never to use tobacco ; I have never touched it from that time to the present day . She asked me not to gamble , and I have never gambled , and I cannot tell who is losing in games that are being played . She admonished me , too , against hard drinking , and whatever capacity for endurance I have at present , and whatever usefulness I may have attained in life , I have attributed to having complied with her pious and correct wishes . When I was seven years of age she asked me not to drink , and then I made a resolution of total abstinence ; and that I have adhered to it through all time , I owe to my mother . ” Mothers , do not think your little ones are too young to receive advice ; it is true they may not act upon it for many years , but they will remember it and follow it sometime . HURRAH FOR THE BOY THAT WHISTLES . Hurrah for the boy that whistles ! Just now he passed by here . The rain dripped down from his sodden crown , But his whistle sounded clear ; And it made my task seem easier , And my heart grew brave and strong , Hurrah for the boy that whistles ! He helps the world along . — Written for Dew Drops by Bertha E. Bush . Entered at the Post Office at Elgin , Ill ., as Second Class Mail Matter . Price of Dew Drops .— In lots of five or more , to one address , 20 cents per copy per year , or 5-1 / 2 cents per copy per quarter . Address , DAVID C. COOK PUBLISHING CO ., ELGIN , ILL .