1841 . 1884 . THE PRAIRIE FARMER PROSPECTUS FOR 1884 . SEE INDUCEMENTS OFFERED SUBSCRIBE NOW . For forty-three years THE PRAIRIE FARMER has stood at the front in agricultural journalism . It has kept pace with the progress and development of the country , holding its steady course through all these forty-three years , encouraging , counseling , and educating its thousands of readers . It has labored earnestly in the interest of all who are engaged in the rural industries of the country , and that it has labored successfully is abundantly shown by the prominence and prestige it has achieved , and the hold it has upon the agricultural classes . Its managers are conscious from comparison with other journals of its class , and from the uniform testimony of its readers , that it is foremost among the farm and home papers of the country . It will not be permitted to lose this proud position ; we shall spare no efforts to maintain its usefulness and make it indispensable to farmers , stock-raisers , feeders , dairymen , horticulturalists , gardeners , and all others engaged in rural pursuits . It will enter upon its forty-fourth year under auspices , in every point of view , more encouraging than ever before in its history . Its mission has always been , and will continue to be — To discuss the most approved practices in all agricultural and horticultural pursuits . To set forth the merits of the best breeds of domestic animals , and to elucidate the principles of correct breeding and management . To further the work of agricultural and horticultural organization . To advocate industrial education in the correct sense of the term . To lead the van in the great contest of the people against monopolies and the unjust encroachments of capital . To discuss the events and questions of the day without fear or favor . To provide information concerning the public domain , Western soil , climate , water , railroads , schools , churches , and society . To answer inquiries on all manner of subjects coming within its sphere . To furnish the latest and most important industrial news at home and abroad . To give full and reliable crop , weather , and market reports . To present the family with pure , choice , and interesting literature . To amuse and instruct the young folks . To gather and condense the general news of the day . To be , in brief , an indispensable and unexceptionable farm and home companion for the people of the whole country . The style and form of the paper are now exactly what they should be . The paper used is of superior quality . The type is bold and clear . The illustrations are superb . The departments are varied and carefully arranged . The editorial force is large and capable . The list of contributors is greatly increased , and embraces a stronger array of talent than is employed on any similar paper in this country . We challenge comparison with any agricultural journal in the land . THE PRAIRIE FARMER is designed for all sections of the country . In entering upon the campaign of 1884 , we urge all patrons and friends to continue their good works in extending the circulation of our paper . On our part we promise to leave nothing undone that it is possible for faithful , earnest work — aided by money and every needed mechanical facility — to do to make the paper in every respect still better than it has ever been before . SPECIAL NOTICE To each Subscriber who will remit us $ 2. 00 between now and February 1st , 1884 , we will mail a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER FOR ONE YEAR , AND ONE OF OUR NEW STANDARD TIME COMMERCIAL MAPS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA — showing all the Counties , Railroads , and Principal Towns up to date . This comprehensive map embraces all the country from the Pacific Coast to Eastern New Brunswick , and as far north as the parallel of 52 deg ., crossing Hudson 's Bay . British Columbia ; Manitoba , with its many new settlements ; and the line of the Canadian Pacific Railway , completed and under construction , are accurately and distinctly delineated . It extends so far south as to Include Key West and more than half of the Republic of Mexico . It is eminently adapted for home , school , and office purposes . The retail price of the Map alone is $ 2. 00 . Size , 58 × 41 inches . Scale , about sixty miles to one inch . READ THIS . ANOTHER SPECIAL OFFER . Illustration “ THE LITTLE DETECTIVE . ” WEIGHS 1 / 4 OZ . TO 25 LBS . Every housekeeper ought to have this very useful scale . The weight of article bought or sold may readily be known . Required proportions in culinary operations are accurately ascertained . We have furnished hundreds of them to subscribers , and they give entire satisfaction . During January , 1884 , to any person sending us THREE SUBSCRIBERS , at $ 2. 00 each , we will give one of these scales , and to each of the three subscribers Ropp 's Calculator , No . 1 . RENEW ! RENEW ! ! Remember that every yearly subscriber , either new or renewing , sending us $ 2 , receives a splendid new map of the United States and Canada — 58 × 41 inches — FREE . Or , if preferred , one of the books offered in another column . It is not necessary to wait until a subscription expires before renewing . WE WANT AGENTS in every locality . We offer very liberal terms and good pay . Send for sample copies and terms to agents . WILL YOU Read about Patrick Barry , about the corn-root worm , about mistakes in drainage , about the change in prize rings at the Fat Stock Show , about improvement in horses , about the value of 1883 corn for pork making , about Fanny Field 's Plymouth Rocks , about the way to make the best bee hive , about that eccentric old fellow Cavendish , about the every day life of the great Darwin , about making home ornaments and nice things for the little folks ? Will you Read the poems , the jokes , the news , the markets , the editorials , the answers to correspondents ? In short , will you Read the entire paper and then sit down and think it all over and see if you do not conclude that this single number is worth what the paper has cost you for the whole year ? Then tell your neighbors about it , show it to them and ask them to subscribe for it . Tell them that they will also get for the $ 2 a copy of our superb map . By doing this you can double our subscription list in a single week . WILL YOU ? The Illinois State Board of Agriculture will hold a meeting at the Sherman House in Chicago , on the 4th of March next . The principal business of the meeting will be to complete arrangements for the next State Fair and the Fat Stock Show . The annual meeting of the Northern Illinois Horticultural Society will be held at Elgin Tuesday , January 22d and continuing three days . Kindred societies are invited to send delegates , and a large general attendance is solicited . Further particulars will be gladly received by S. M. Slade , President , Elgin , or D. Wilmot Scott , Secretary , Galena . The Brooklyn Board of Health petitions Congress to appropriate a sufficient amount of money to stamp out contagious pleuro-pneumonia and provide for the appointment of a number of veterinarians to inspect all herds in infected districts , to indemnify owners for cattle slaughtered by the Government , and to forbid the movement of all cattle out of any infected State which will not take measures to stamp out the disease . Secretary L. A. Goodman , of the Missouri State Horticultural Society writes THE PRAIRIE FARMER that on the 5th of January the mercury at Westport , Wis ., indicated 26 degrees below zero , the lowest point ever recorded there . He adds : “ The peaches are killed , as are the blackberries . Cherries are injured very much and the raspberries also . The dry September checked the growth of the berries and sun-burned them some , and now the cold hurts them badly . Apples are all right yet and prospects for good crop are excellent . ” It may be of interest to many readers to know that the I . & St. L. R. R. will sell tickets from Indianapolis and intermediate points to St. Louis , to persons attending the meeting of the Mississippi Valley Horticultural Society , at one and one-third rates . Mr. Ragan informs us that this is the only railroad line from central Indiana that offers a reduction of fare . The Missouri Pacific system of roads , including the Wabash , and embracing about ten thousand miles of road , extending as far north and east as Chicago , Detroit and Toledo , and as far south and west as New Orleans , Galveston and El Paso , will return members in attendance , who have paid full fare over these lines , at one cent a mile , upon the certificate of the Secretary of the Society . The Chicago & Alton , C ., B . & Q ., Keokuk , St. L. & N. W ., Chicago , B . & K. C ., Illinois Central , Cairo Short Line , and Hannibal & St. Joe roads will return members on the same terms . The Ohio & Mississippi will sell tickets to St. Louis and return at one and one-third fare , to members indorsed by the Secretary . The Louisville and Nashville will give reduced rates to members applying to its General Passenger Agent , C. P. Atmore , of Louisville , Ky . THE WEALTH OF THE NATION . The Census Bureau and Bradstreet 's agency have made from the most accurate examination possible an estimate of the wealth and business of the nation : Aggregate wealth of the United States in 1880 was $ 43 , 642 , 000 , 000 ( forty thousand and a half billions ) ; the total amount of capital invested in business was $ 8 , 177 , 000 , 000 ( over eight billions ) ; and the number of persons engaged in commercial business was 703 , 828 . Twenty-two per cent of all the business capital of the country is credited to the State of New York . Massachusetts ranks second , Pennsylvania third , Ohio fourth , Illinois fifth , and Michigan sixth . The aggregate business capital of these six States was $ 5 , 113 , 087 , 000 , leaving to all the other States $ 3 , 063 , 923 , 000 . The total recorded number of traders in the United States in June , 1880 — those having distinctive position in the commercial or industrial community — was 703 , 328 ; a trifle over 40 per cent were in the Western States . For the United States as a whole the average amount of capital employed to each venture — as indicated by the aggregate of capital in the country invested in trade ( as explained in the table compiled from the forthcoming census work ) and the total number of individuals , firms , and corporations engaged in business — is , in round numbers , $ 11 , 600 . The wealth of the country is , or was June 1 , 1880 , distributed as follows : Millions . Farms $ 10 , 197 Residence and business real estate , capital employed in business , including water-power 9 , 881 Railroads and equipment 5 , 536 Telegraphs , shipping , and canals 410 Live stock , whether on or off farms , farming tools and machinery 2 , 406 Household furniture , paintings , books , clothing , jewelry , household supplies of food , fuel , etc . 5 , 000 Mines ( including petroleum wells ) and quarries , together with one-half of the annual product reckoned as the average supply on hand 780 Three-quarters of the annual product of agriculture and manufactures , and of the annual importation of foreign goods , assumed to be the average supply on hand 6 , 160 Churches , schools , asylums , public buildings of all kinds , and other real estate exempt from taxation 2 , 000 Specie 612 Miscellaneous items , including tools of mechanics 650 Total $ 43 , 642 It will thus be seen that the farms of the United States comprise nearly one-fourth of its entire wealth . They are worth nearly double the combined capital and equipments of all the railroads , telegraphs , shipping , and canals ; more than double all the household furniture , paintings , books , clothing , jewelry , and supplies of food , fuel , etc . The live stock is more valuable than all the church property , school houses , asylums , and public buildings of all kinds ; more than all the mines , telegraph companies , shipping , and canals combined . It would take more than three times as much “ hard ” money as the nation possesses to purchase all these domestic animals . The farms and live stock together exceed the value of any two other interests in the country . CONTAGIOUS ANIMAL DISEASES . Congress seems bound to act at once upon the question of protection to domestic animals from contagious diseases . The pressure brought to bear upon members is enormous , and cannot be ignored . The action of European States on swine importation from America , the restrictions on the landing of American cattle in England , and the strong effort being made there to prohibit their introduction altogether , the known existence of pleuro-pneumonia in several of the Atlantic States , the unceasing clamor of our shippers and growers of live stock , all conspire to open the eyes of the average Congressman to the fact that something must be done . Mr. Singleton , of Illinois , must be something above or below the average Congressman , if the report is correct that he does not believe pleuro-pneumonia exists anywhere within the borders of the United States , and that he is willing to back his non-belief by a thousand dollars forfeit , if an animal suffering from the disease can be shown him . The former owner of Silver Heels , and breeder of fine horses and cattle at his Quincy farm , must have his eyes shaded and his ears obstructed by that broad brimmed hat , that has so long covered his silvered head and marble brow . “ The world do move , ” nevertheless , and pleuro-pneumonia does prevail in this country to such an extent as to furnish a reasonable excuse for unfriendly legislation abroad , and we gain nothing by denying the fact , the Allerton and Singleton assertions to the contrary , notwithstanding . IOWA STATE FAIR . At the late meeting of the Iowa State Agricultural Society , President Smith strongly advocated the permanent location of the State Fair . He thought it had been hawked about long enough for the purpose of giving different cities a chance to skin the people . The Legislature should aid the society in purchasing grounds . Ample ground should be purchased , as the fair is growing , and they should not be governed solely by our present demands . Secretary Shaffer touched briefly on the weather of last summer , the acreage and yield of crops , the demonstration of the futility of trying to acclimatize Southern seed-corn in the North , and the appointment of a State entomologist . He thought the State should assist the society in distributing its publications . The improvement of the Mississippi river was briefly handled . The state of the corn during the past year , the seeding , the yield , etc ., were summarized by months . The corn crop was a failure . The sorghum industry in its various bearings was discussed . Iowa will yet , he said , produce its own sugar . The question was raised whether the State should not encourage the growth of Northern cane . The sheep industry and its peril from worthless dogs was duly treated . This society was the first to insist on the necessity of Legislation on this subject looking to the extermination of worthless dogs . The society proceeded to locate the fair for the next year . Des Moines offered the present grounds for 10 per cent of the gate money . Dubuque offered free grounds and $ 2 , 500 in money . The first ballot resulted in seventy-one votes for Des Moines and twenty-three for Dubuque . Officers were elected as follows : President , William L. Smith , of Oskalossa ; Vice-President , H. C. Wheeler , of Sac ; Secretary , John Shaffer , of Fairfield ; Treasurer , George H. Marsh , of Des Moines . STILL ANOTHER FAT STOCK SHOW . At the meeting of the Indiana State Board of Agriculture last week , it was decided to hold a Fat Stock Show at Indianapolis some time in December of the present year . Liberal premiums will be offered . The matter elicited a discussion of considerable length , and it was generally believed that the show , if properly managed , could be made a success . Even if it failed to realize expenses the first year , the exhibition would be incalculably beneficial to the State . The election of new members to the Board resulted as follows : First district , Robert Mitchell , of Gibson county ; Second , Samuel Hargrave , of Pike ; Third , J. Q . A. Seig , of Harrison ; Fourth , W. B. Seward , of Monroe ; Eighth , W. S. Dungan , of Johnson ; Fourteenth , L. B. Custer , of Cass ; Fifteenth , W. A . Banks , of La Porte ; Sixteenth , R. M. Lockhart , of DeKalb . Three Fat Stock Shows in the West ! True , the success of the Chicago exhibit is having a wide influence . The live stock interests of the country are fully awakened to the important results from these shows . They are , indeed , educators of the highest character , and they stimulate to excellence unthought of by most farmers , ten years ago . Chicago , Kansas City , Toronto , and now Indianapolis ! Is there not room for a similar exhibition in the great stock State of Iowa ? Why do we not hear from West Liberty or Cedar Rapids ? QUESTIONS ANSWERED . F. J. ST. CLAIR , URSA , ILL .— Who was the first President to issue a Thanksgiving Proclamation ? ANSWER .— Washington , in 1798 , on the adoption by the States of the Constitution of the United States . SUBSCRIBER , PEOTONE , ILL .— How many kinds of soils are there , and what crops are best suited to bottom and what to upland soils ? ANSWER .— There are really but two soils , agriculturally considered , fertile soils and barren soils . Generally speaking , fertile soils are the result of the disintegration of mechanical forces and chemical agencies of limestone rocks ; and barren soils — sandy soils — are produced by similar means , from rocks largely or wholly composed of silex or quartz . The mixture of these two give rise to soils of an infinite variety , almost , having many differing degrees of fertility , down to barrenness . But you have practically but one soil to deal with , a true limestone soil of high fertility , which has received considerable accessions from silicious rocks . Your bottom lands do not differ materially from the upland , except that the former have received considerable vegetable matter , which the latter have lost . For the lowlands , corn , grass , and potatoes are the best crops ; for the highlands , the small grains , sorghum , beans , etc . But provide as much vegetable matter for the highlands as your lowlands possess , and make the sum of mixture in both alike , and your highlands will grow corn , grass , and potatoes as well as the low . CHARLES VAN METER , SPRINGFIELD , MO .— What is the best work on Grape Culture ? My means are small , and I can not , of course , buy a work costing ten or twelve dollars , however good it may be . Recommend , for this latitude , something good and cheap . ANSWER .— For your needs you will find nothing better than Hussman 's Grapes and Wine , a single volume , which will be sent you from THE PRAIRIE FARMER office , on remittance of $ 1. 50 . But there is something cheaper still , and very good , indeed , but covering different grounds from Hussman . The Grape Catalogue of Bush & Son & Meissner . You may obtain it by sending twenty-five cents to Bush & Son & Meissner , Bushberg , Missouri . CONSTANT READER , CHICAGO , ILL .— I am thinking of going down , one of these days , to Florida , with a view to go into oranges and make more money than I have , or lose it all . I have read a good deal about the seductive business , in Florida , though but little of the details of cultivation in other countries . Tell me where I can find something about how they manage in Spain and the south of Europe . ANSWER .— Most of the really valuable works on this subject are in foreign languages — French , Spanish , or Italian . However , for a wonder , a late publication of the Department of State , at Washington — Reports from the consuls of the United States , No . 33 — contains a valuable and lengthy paper on Orange Growing at Valencia , Spain , contributed by the consul there , which you may perhaps obtain through your member of Congress . J. D. SLADE , COLUMBUS , GA .— I am interested in a large plantation near this city with a friend who is a practical farmer . We have decided to abandon the planting of cotton to a great extent and adopt some other crops . Having concluded to try the castor bean , I wish to ask some information . 1 . Will you give me the names of parties engaged in the cultivation of the crop in Illinois and Wisconsin ? 2 . Where can I get the beans for planting ? 3 . Describe the soil , mode of preparation , planting , and cultivation , and give me such other information as we may need . ANSWER .— 1 . Winter wheat and corn have , to a very large extent , taken the place of castor beans and tobacco in the agriculture of Southern Illinois . As for Wisconsin , we question whether a bushel of castor beans was grown there last year . The two sections where they are now mostly cultivated are in Southwestern Missouri , by the old settlers , and in Middle and Southern Kansas , by the first comers . For information on the whole subject , write the Secretary of the Kansas State Board of Agriculture for the quarterly report issued two or three years ago , which was mostly devoted to castor-bean culture . The Secretary 's address is Topeka , Kansas . 2 . Of the Plant Seed Company , St. Louis , and also valuable information — that city being the chief market for the castor beans . 3 . The soil best suited to the crop is a light , rich , sandy loam , though any dry and fertile soil will yield good crops . For some reason not clearly understood , the castor bean has been found a powerful and energetic agent in improving some , if not all soils , the experience in Kansas being , that land which previously refused to yield good crops of wheat or corn either , after being cultivated two or three years in castor beans has borne great crops . This has been attributed to the completeness and the long time the crop shades the ground , and also to the long tap root of the plant , which makes it a crop of all others , suited to dry soils , and hot climate . After preparing the land as for corn , it should be laid off so the plants will stand , for your latitude , five feet each way . Three or four seeds are usually planted , but when the beans are five to six inches high , and out of the way of cut-worms , they are thinned to one . The cultivation is after the manner of Indian corn , and the planting should be at the same time . The beans for your latitude will begin to ripen late in July , and continue to the end of the season , when the plants are killed by severe frosts , light frosts doing scarcely any damage . In harvesting , a spot of hard ground is prepared and the pods as gathered are thrown on the ground and dried out in the sun . And here is where the trouble with making a successful and profitable crop comes in . The beans must be kept in the dry from the time of gathering the pods — one soaking rain always seriously damaging , and frequently destroying the merchantable value of so much of the harvest as happens to be on the ground . As in the case of broom corn , the hot , dry , and protracted late summer and fall months of that State , afford the Kansas farmer something like a monopoly of the castor bean crop . It is nevertheless giving place to corn and wheat . LETTER FROM CHAMPAIGN . The snow continues to accumulate , the last having fallen before midnight the 11th . There were only about two inches , but it is drifting this morning , for all it is worth , before a gale from the West . The first and second snows stay where they were put at first , but the subsequent ones are in drifts or scattered all abroad , in the many snows and the excellence of the sleighing , this winter resembles ‘ 78 - ‘ 79 , but there is more snow and the temperature is very much more severe . I suppose there is well-nigh eighteen inches now on the ground , something quite unusual in this latitude . Let us hope it will stay sometime longer yet , and save the fall wheat . The intensely cold weather of last week was rough on stock of all kinds and in all conditions , and particularly hard on that portion having short rations . But I have seen many worse storms and much harder weather for stock ; none however in which the fruits , small or large , suffered worse . At least that is the general judgment at the present . Peach buds are killed of course , and it will be lucky if the trees have escaped . All blackberries , but the Snyder , are dead down to the snow line — and some think the Snyder has not escaped , for reasons given further on . Examinations made of the buds of Bartlett , Duchess , Howell , Tyson , Bigarreau , Seckel , Buffum , Easter Buerre , and others yesterday , showed them all to be about equally frosted and blackened , and probably destroyed . Last year our pears suffered a good deal from the sleet of the second of February , which clung to the trees ten days , and the crop was a light one . This year , if appearances can be trusted , there will be less . In the many intense freezes of the last twenty-five years , I have never known pear buds to be seriously injured ; last year being a marked exception and this still more so . Hardy grapes have probably suffered as much , and the tender varieties are completely done for . How well the May cherry has resisted the low temperature remains to be seen . As for the sweet cherries , it is probably the end of them . There were buds set for an unusually abundant crop of apples in 1884 — the Presidential year . The hardy varieties have escaped material damage , no doubt , but some of the tender Eastern varieties , like the Baldwin , Roxbury Russet , in all reasonable probability , have not only lost their buds but their lives also . The disasters following the very low temperature of last week have no doubt been increased by the immaturity of the wood , due to the cool , moist summer . If summers like those of 1882-83 are not warm enough to ripen the corn crop , buds and wood of fruit trees will not acquire a maturity that resists intense cold as we see by our experience with pears , grapes , and peaches in the fruit season of 1883 , and which is almost sure to be repeated with aggravations in 1884 . Possibly the ground being but lightly frozen and protected by a good coat of snow , may save the apple trees and others from great disaster following thirty to thirty-five degrees below zero , when falling on half ripened wood , but the reasonable fear is that orchards on high land in Northern and Central Illinois , have been damaged more than last year . If so perhaps it were better after all , since it will open the eyes of a great many to the mistakes in location heretofore made , and lead them to put out future orchards where they ought to be . If my word of warning could reach those engaged in taking measures at Washington to prevent the spread of epidemic and infectious diseases in our stock , it would be “ go slow . ” If the wishes of a few veterinarians are met and the demands of a raft of pauper lawyers and politicians are complied with , it will result in the creation of a half dozen commissions . Each one of them , as previous ones have done , will find sufficient reason for their continuance and reports will be made that half the live stock in the country , South and West , is either in danger from or suffering under some of the many forms of epidemic or infectious diseases — and by the way , what justice is there in putting Detmers out of the way , and clinging to Salmon and Laws , both of whom indorsed nearly every thing the former did ? Beware of commissions , and above all of putting men upon them whose bread and butter is of more consequence to them than the stock interest , vast as it is . B. F. J . WAYSIDE NOTES . BY A MAN OF THE PRAIRIE . Of the 2 , 500 , 000 packages of seeds distributed by the United States Agricultural Department during last year more than 2 , 000 , 000 packages were furnished to Congressmen , and I notice that some of the papers are making unfavorable comments on the fact . Now I do not discover anything that seems to me radically wrong in this practice of the Department of Agriculture , or rather in the instructions under which the practice prevails . There are some men , mostly seedsmen , and some publishers , mostly those interested in securing patronage through seed premiums , or which are run in the interest of seed dealers , who grumble a great deal about this matter , and who sneer at the department and derisively call it the “ Government seed store . ” But I imagine if the public was thoroughly informed of the good the department has done by its seed distributions , it would have a great deal better opinion of this branch than it now has , and I wish Mr . Dodge , or some other efficient man , who knows all about it from the beginning would give to the country a complete history of what has been done in the way of introducing and disseminating new seeds , plants , and cuttings . I believe if the whole truth were told it would put an end to ridicule and denunciation . I am aware that there have been some things connected with this work that were not exactly correct . There may have been some helping of friends in the purchase of seeds ; there may have been some noxious weed seeds sent out to the detriment of the country ; Congressmen may have used their quota of seeds for the purpose of keeping themselves solid with their constituents . But , after all , it is my candid opinion the seed distributing branch of the department has been an untold blessing to the farmers of this country . As to this matter of giving a large proportion of the seeds to Congressmen , I have not much fault to find about that either , though perhaps a better system of distribution might be devised . I have yet to learn that an application to a Congressman for seed has been disregarded , if the seeds were to be had , whether that application came from a political friend or a political foe . And I do wish that farmers generally would make more frequent application to the members from their respective districts than they do . It will be money in their pockets if they will keep posted in what the department has to distribute which is valuable , or new and promising , and solicit samples either from Congressmen or direct from the Commissioner of Agriculture . “ Put your thumb down there , ” said an experienced orchardist to me the other day . We were talking about the recently started theory that the best bearing orchards are to be found on the low lands of the prairies . “ You just wait and see if these brag orchards ever bear another crop ! It will be as it was after the severe winter of 1874 and ‘ 75 , when the following autumn many of our orchards bore so profusely . The succeeding year the majority of the trees were as dead as smelts , and the balance never had vigor enough afterward to produce a decent crop . Once before , ” said he , “ we had a similar experience in Illinois . Put your thumb down at this place and watch for results . Do not say anything about this in your Wayside Blusterings , at least as coming from me , ” and of course I do n't . But I wanted the readers of THE PRAIRIE FARMER to help me watch with fear and trembling for the fulfillment of this horticultural prophesy , so I straightway make a note of it and ask you all to “ put your thumbs down here ” and wait . My friend 's theory is that the severe cold of last winter destroyed a large portion of the roots of these trees ; that the root pruning caused the extra fruitfulness , but proved too severe for the vitality of the trees to withstand , and that next year the bulk of the trees will not leaf out at all ; and further that the old theory as taught by Kennecott , Whitney , Edwards , and the rest of the “ fathers , ” that apple trees cannot thrive with wet feet , was the correct theory then and is the correct theory now . He would still plant on high , well drained land . My neighbor up at the “ Corners ” has a large flock of grade Cotswold sheep — Cotswolds crossed on large native Merinos . He keeps them to produce early lambs for the Chicago market . For the last three or four years he has received , on an average , four dollars per head for his lambs , taken at his farm . It is a profitable and pleasant sort of farming . Some day I may tell how he manages , in detail . REMEMBER that $ 2. 00 pays for THE PRAIRIE FARMER one year , and the subscriber gets a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER COUNTY MAP OF THE UNITED STATES , FREE ! This is the most liberal offer ever made by any first-class weekly agricultural paper in this country . Illustration POULTRY NOTES . Poultry-Raisers . Write for Your Paper . CHICKEN CHAT . Let me see — it was sometime during the month of December that the “ Man of the Prairie ” went wandering all over the village , and even scoured the country round about the village in search of an extra dozen eggs , and went home mad , and , man fashion , threatened to kill off every hen on the place if they did n't proceed to do their duty like hens and fellow citizens . It was also during that same December that the fifty Plymouth Rock hens that we are wintering in the barn cellar , laid , regardless of the weather , 736 eggs — an average of nearly fifteen eggs apiece . “ Is it a fact that the corn is too poor for manufacture into eggs ? ” I do n't know anything about the corn in your locality , but I do know that our Plymouth Rocks had whole corn for supper exactly thirty-one nights during the month of December — not Western corn , but sound , well-ripened , Northern corn , that sells in our market for twenty cents more per bushel than Western corn . I also know that hens fed through the winter on corn alone will not lay enough to pay for the corn , but in our climate the poultry-raiser may feed corn profitably fully one-half the time . When the morning feed consists of cooked vegetable and bran or shorts , and the noon meal of oats or buckwheat , the supper may be of corn . I believe the analytical fellows tell us that corn wo n't make eggs , and I am sure I do n't know whether it will or not , and I do n't much care ; but I know that hens will eat corn , when they can get it , in preference to any other grain , and I know that it “ stands by ” better than anything else , and that it is a heat-producing grain , and consequently just the thing to feed when the days are short and the nights long , and the mercury fooling around 30 degrees below zero . Hens need something besides egg material ; they must have food to keep up the body heat , and the poultry-raiser who feeds no corn in winter blunders just as badly as the one who feeds all corn . Talking about corn for fowls reminds me that the agricultural papers are full of wails from farmers who were taken in last season on seed corn . If they had followed the plan of an old farmer of my acquaintance they would not now be obliged to mourn a corn crop cut off by frost . When this old chap went to farming forty years ago he bought a peck of seed corn of the Northern yellow flint variety , and as he “ do n't believe in running after all the new seeds that are advertised in the papers , ” he is still raising the same variety — only it ripens some three weeks earlier than it did then . Every fall he does through his field and selects his seed corn from the best of the earliest ripened ears ; when these ears are husked one or two husks are left on each ear , and then the husks , with the ears attached , are braided together until there are fifteen or twenty ears in a string . These strings of seed corn are hung up in the sun for a fortnight or so , and then hung from the rafters in a cool , dry loft over the wood-shed ; there it remains till seed time comes again , and it never fails to grow . FANNY FIELD . BUSINESS STILL RUNNING . “ My own hens closed out business six weeks ago , ” not long since said “ Man of the Prairie . ” He mentioned also , that he had not much faith in pure bred poultry . Now he severely complains that no eggs can be found among the farmers nor in village stores . I will not say that pure strains of poultry are better layers than common , but , when one pays a good price for poultry , it is an incentive to provide good shelter and bestow upon them some manifestations of interest which would not be done with the common fowls . Herein may lay in part the secret of better returns from pure strains . Years ago our chickens ‘ closed out business ’ for several months . Of late this procedure is unknown . We crossed our best common hens with Plymouth Rock stock , paying a good price . We furnished comfortable quarters , gave variety of feed , and at present writing the lady-like biddies furnish enough eggs for our own use and some to sell to stores and neighbors . We still have a few common hens ( not caring to have all pure ) yet we find that with same care and attention , the purer strains give best returns . Skeptical , like a good many others , we were loth to experiment . Thanks to Fanny Field for her wise and instructive poultry writings . In a recent number she seemed to be in doubt whether her writings were heeded or doing any one good . Let me say in behalf of myself and a few others , that a few married ladies now have pin money by following her instructions , who , before , had to go to their lords ( husbands ) when they wanted a little money , which was sometimes begrudgingly given , and often times not at all . BACHELOR & MAID . COUNCIL BLUFFS , IOWA . Illustration THE APIARY . THE BEST HIVE . In answer to many inquiries as to the best hive , we will here state that is a mere matter of choice . Many good movable frame hives are now in use , free from patents , and while we prefer the Langstroth , there may be others just as good . Apiarists differ as to what constitutes the best hive . Novices in bee culture generally think that they can invent a better hive than any in use , but after trying their invention for awhile , conclude that they are not as wise as they thought they were . Many hives are patented yearly by persons ignorant of the nature of the honey-bee , and few , if any , are received with favor by intelligent apiarists . The requisites for a good hive are durability , simplicity , ease of construction and of working , and pleasing to the eye . We think the Langstroth embodies these . It was invented by the father of modern bee-culture . He gave to the world the movable frame ; without its use , we might as well keep our bees in hollow logs , as our fathers did . Different sizes of movable frames are now in use , but two-thirds of the apiarists prefer the Langstroth . Upon many farms , bees may be found in salt barrels , nail-kegs , etc ., doing little good for their owner , while if they were put into hives , where the surplus could be obtained in good shape , they would become a source of income . Specialists either manufacture their own hives , or buy them in the flat , in the lumber region . As the farmer may need but a few hives , he may find leisure in winter to make them . Every farmer needs a workshop , and if he has none , should provide himself with one . It need not be large , and can be made quite inexpensively . In his barn , if it is large , partition off a room for a workshop 12 × 14 feet , and if he not be blessed with a good large barn , why a thousand feet of common boards , and a load of good stout saplings , with a little mechanical skill and some muscle , will provide a very good farm workshop . Get a few tools , such as a saw , square , plane , hatchet , a brace , and a few bits , and before twelve months pass away you will wonder how you ever managed to do without one before ; many a singletree or doubletree can be made , or broken implements repaired during leisure , or the rainy days of late winter or spring , and the boys will go there to try their hands , and develop their mechanical skill ; exercising both brain and muscle . Remember that the school of industry is second to no university in the land . Now for the hives ; in the first place you need a pattern . Purchase of some dealer or manufacturer of apiarian supplies , a good Langstroth hive complete with section boxes . Then get a couple of hundred feet ( more or less ) of ten inch stock boards , mill dressed on both sides , then with your pattern hive , workshop , and tools , you are master of the situation . After your hives are made , do n't forget to paint them ; it is economy to paint hives as well as dwelling houses . LANGSTROTH HIVE . For the benefit of those who may not be able to obtain a pattern hive , or frame , we will give the dimensions . The sides of the Langstroth hive are 10 inches wide , by 23 inches long , the ends are 12 inches long , the back end the same width as the sides ; front end , 3 / 8 inches narrower , and recesses or sets back 3-3 / 8 inches from portico , all 7 / 8 inches thick . The Langstroth frame is 17-1 / 4 × 9-1 / 4 inches outside measure . The length of top bar of frame is 19-1 / 4 inches , the frame stuff is all 7 / 8 wide , the top bar is 5 / 8 × 7 / 8 , and is V shaped on the under side for a comb guide — the upright pieces 1 / 2 × 7 / 8 , the bottom pieces 1 / 4 × 7 / 8 . The above are the dimensions of an eight frame hive . Strips 1 / 4 × 7 / 8 inches are nailed on the outside of the hive 1 / 4 inch from the upper edge , and the cap or upper hive rests upon them . We make the cap 22-1 / 8 inches long by 13-7 / 8 inches wide in the clear , and ten inches high . Some apiarists omit the porticos , but we like them , and the bees appear to enjoy them . Right angled triangle blocks , made right and left , are used to regulate the entrance . By changing the position of these blocks on the alighting board the size of the entrance may be varied , and the bees always directed to it by the shape of the block , without any loss of time in searching for it — in case of robbing the hive , the hive can be entirely closed with them . A board was formerly used to cover the frames , but is now generally abandoned , apiarists preferring duck , enameled cloth , or heavy muslin . MRS. L. HARRISON . NO SAFER REMEDY can be had for Coughs and Colds , or any trouble of the Throat , than “ Brown 's Bronchial Troches . ” Price 25 cents . Sold only in boxes . MISCELLANEOUS . ARM & HAMMER BRAND TO FARMERS .— It is important that the SODA OR SALERATUS they use should be white and pure , in common with all similar substances used for food . CHURCH & CO 'S SODA & SALERATUS In making bread with yeast , it is well to use about half a teaspoonful of the “ ARM AND HAMMER ” BRAND SODA or SALERATUS at the same time , and thus make the bread rise better and prevent it becoming sour by correcting the natural acidity of the yeast . DAIRYMEN AND FARMERS should use only the “ ARM AND HAMMER ” brand for cleaning and keeping milk-pans sweet and clean . To insure obtaining only the “ ARM AND HAMMER ” brand Soda or Saleratus , buy it in “ POUND or HALF-POUND PACKAGES , ” which bear our name and trade-mark , as inferior goods are sometimes substituted for the “ ARM AND HAMMER ” brand when bought in bulk . “ THE BEST IS THE CHEAPEST . ” ENGINES SAW MILLS , THRESHERS , HORSE POWERS , ( For all sections and purposes .) Write for FREE Pamphlet and Prices to The Aultman & Taylor Co ., Mansfield , Ohio . THE FAMOUS EASY-RUNNING Monarch Lightning Sawing Machine IT BEATS THE WORLD FOR SAWING LOGS OR FAMILY STOVE WOOD . SENT ON 30 DAYS ’ TEST TRIAL . Illustration The boy in the picture on the left is sawing up logs into 20-inch lengths , to be split into stovewood for family use . This is much the BEST and CHEAPEST way to get out your firewood , because the 20-inch blocks are VERY EASILY split up , a good deal easier and quicker than the old-fashioned way of cutting the logs into 4-feet lengths , splitting it into cordwood , and from that sawing it up with a buck saw into stovewood . We sell a large number of machines to farmers and others for just this purpose . A great many persons who had formerly burned coal have stopped that useless expense since getting our Machine . Most families have one or two boys , 16 years of age and up , who can employ their spare time in sawing up wood just as well as not . The MONARCH LIGHTNING SAWING MACHINE will save your paying money and board to ONE hired man and perhaps TWO men . The boy at the right in the picture is sawing up cordwood in a buck frame . You can very easily use our machine in this way if you have cordwood on hand that you wish to saw up into suitable lengths for firewood . A boy sixteen years old can work the machine all day and not get any more tired than he would raking hay . The machine runs VERY EASILY , so easily , in fact , that after giving the crank half a dozen turns , the operator may let go and the machine will run itself for THREE OR FOUR REVOLUTIONS . Farmers owning standing timber cannot fail to see the many advantages of this great LABOR-SAVING AND MONEY-SAVING MACHINE . If you prefer , you can easily go directly into the woods and easily saw the logs into 20-inch lengths for your family use , or you can saw them into 4-foot lengths , to be split into cordwood , when it can be readily hauled off to the village market . Many farmers are making a good deal of money with this Machine in employing the dull months of the year in selling cordwood . It makes a great difference in LABOR AND MONEY both in using our machine , because you get away with a second man . It takes two men to run the old-fashioned cross-cut saw , and it makes two backs ache every day they use it . Not so with our saw . We offer $ 1 , 000 for a sawing machine that is EASIER OPERATED and FASTER RUNNING than ours . Every farmer should own our machine . It will pay for itself in one season . Easily operated by a sixteen-year-old boy . Lumbermen and farmers should GET THE BEST — GET THE CHEAPEST — GET THE MONARCH LIGHTNING SAWING MACHINE . E. DUTTER , Hicksville , O ., writes :— It runs so easy that it is JUST FUN to saw wood . C. A. COLE , Mexico , N. Y ., writes :— With this machine I sawed off an elm log , twenty-one inches in diameter , in one minute , forty-three seconds . Z. G. HEGE , Winston , N. C ., writes :— I have shown your machine to several farmers , and all pronounce it a PERFECT SUCCESS . WM . DILLENBACK , Dayton , Tex ., writes :— I am WELL PLEASED with the MONARCH LIGHTNING SAWING MACHINE . My boys can saw WITH ALL EASE . L. W. YOST , Seneca , Kan ., writes :— I will bet $ 50 that I can saw as much with this machine as any two men can with the old-fashioned cross-cut saw . T. K. BUCK , Mt . Vernon , Ill ., writes :— I have given the Monarch a fair trial , and can truly say it is ALL YOU CLAIM FOR IT , a complete success , enabling a boy to do the work of two strong men , and indeed , more . I would not take $ 75 for the MONARCH and be deprived of the privilege of having another like it . I sawed off a twenty-inch solid water oak log twelve times yesterday in FORTY-FIVE MINUTES . J. M. CRAWFORD . Columbia , S. C ., writes :— I tried the Monarch on an oak log to-day before twenty farmers . All said it WORKED PERFECTLY . N . B .— We are selling SIX TIMES as many Machines as any other firm , simply because our Machine gives perfect satisfaction . Our factory is running day and night to fill orders . Send in your order at once . The BEST is the CHEAPEST . Our agent sold four machines in one day . Another sold twenty-eight in his township . Another agent cleared $ 100 in one week . BE SURE AND MENTION THIS PAPER . WE WISH A LIVE , WIDE-AWAKE AGENT IN EVERY COUNTY IN THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA . Write for Latest Illustrated Catalogue giving Special Terms and scores of Testimonials . MONARCH MANUFACTURING CO . 163 E. RANDOLPH STREET , CHICAGO , ILL . REMEMBER that $ 2. 00 pays for THE PRAIRIE FARMER from this date to January 1 , 1885 ; For $ 2. 00 you get it for one year and a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER COUNTY MAP OF THE UNITED STATES , FREE ! This is the most liberal offer ever made by any first-class weekly agricultural paper in this country . SCIENTIFIC . SOME GOSSIP ABOUT DARWIN . The last number of the American Naturalist presents the following from David S. Jorden , of Bloomington , Indiana . It is one of those gossipy bits about the great scientist that every body enjoys reading . In a recent visit to England , the writer strolled into the village of Down in Kent , and talked with some of the villagers in regard to Mr. Darwin , whose beautiful home is just outside the little town . Some of this talk , although in itself idle and valueless , may have an interest to readers , as showing how a great man looks to his smaller neighbors . The landlord of the “ George Inn ” said that “ all the people wished to have Mr. Darwin buried in Down , but the government would not let them . It would have helped the place so much . It would have brought hosts of people down to see his grave . Especially it would have helped the hotel business which is pretty dull in winter time . “ Mr. Darwin was a very fine-looking man . He had a high forehead and wore a long beard . Still , if you had met him on the street , perhaps , you would not have taken much notice of him unless you knew that he was a clever man . ” “ Sir John Lubbock ( Darwin 's friend and near neighbor ) is a very clever man , too , but not so clever nor so remarkable-looking as Mr. Darwin . He is very fond of hants ( ants ) , and plants , and things . ” At Keston , three miles from Down , the landlady of the Grayhound had never heard of Mr. Darwin until after his death . There was then considerable talk about his being buried in Westminster , but nothing was said of him before . Several persons had considerable to say of Mr. Darwin 's extensive and judicious charity to the poor . To Mr. Parslow , for many years his personal servant , Mr. Darwin gave a life pension of £ 50 , and the rent of the handsome “ Home Cottage ” in Down . During the time of a water famine in that region , he used to ride about on horseback to see who needed water , and had it brought to them at his own expense from the stream at St. Mary 's Cray . “ He was , ” said Mr. Parslow , “ a very social , nice sort of a gentleman , very joking and jolly indeed ; a good husband and a good father and a most excellent master . Even his footmen used to stay with him as long as five years . They would rather stay with him than take a higher salary somewhere else . The cook came there while young and stayed there till his death , nearly thirty years later . “ Mrs Darwin is a pleasant lady , a year older than her husband . Their boys are all jolly , nice young fellows . All have turned out so well , not one of them rackety , you know . Seven children out of the ten are now living . “ George Darwin is now a professor in Oxford . He was a barrister at first ; had his wig and gown and all , but had to give it up on account of bad health . He would have made a hornament to the profession . “ Francis Darwin is a doctor , and used to work with his father in the greenhouse . He is soon to marry a lady who lectures on Botany in Oxford . “ For the first twenty years after Mr. Darwin 's return from South America , his health was very bad — much more than later . He had a stomach disease which resulted from sea-sickness while on the voyage around the world . Mr. Parslow learned the watercure treatment and treated Mr. Darwin in that system , for a long time , giving much relief . “ Mr. Darwin used to do his own writing but had copyists to get his work ready for the printer . He was always an early man . He used to get up at half past six . He used to bathe and then go out for a walk all around the place . Then Parslow used to get breakfast for him before the rest of the family came down . He used to eat rapidly , then went to his study and wrote till after the rest had breakfast . Then Mrs. Darwin came in and he used to lie half an hour on the sofa , while she or someone else read to him . Then he wrote till noon , then went out for an hour to walk . He used to walk all around the place . Later in life , he had a cab , and used to ride on horseback . Then after lunch at one , he used to write awhile . Afterwards he and Mrs. Darwin used to go to the bedroom , where he lay on a sofa and often smoked a cigarette while she read to him . After this he used to walk till dinner-time at five . Before the family grew up , they used to dine early , at half-past one , and had a meat-tea at half-past six . “ Sometimes there were eighteen or twenty young Darwins of different families in the house . Four-in-hand coaches of young Darwins used sometimes to come down from London . Mr. Darwin liked children . They did n't disturb him in the least . There were sometimes twenty or thirty pairs of little shoes to be cleaned of a morning , but there were always plenty of servants to do this . “ The gardener used to bring plants into his room often of a morning , and he used to tie bits of cotton on them , and try to make them do things . He used to try all sorts of seeds . He would sow them in pots in his study . “ There were a quantity of people in Westminster Abbey when he was buried . Mr. Parslow and the cook were among the chief mourners and sat in the Jerusalem chamber . The whole church was as full of people as they could stand . There was great disappointment in Down that he was not buried there . He loved the place , and we think that he would rather have rested there had he been consulted . ” MISCELLANEOUS . To Our Readers . THE PRAIRIE FARMER is the OLDEST , MOST RELIABLE , and the LEADING AGRICULTURAL JOURNAL OF THE GREAT NORTHWEST , devoted exclusively to the interests of the Farmer , Gardener , Florist , Stock Breeder , Dairyman , Etc ., and every species of industry connected with that great portion of the People of the World , the PRODUCERS . Now in the Forty-Second Year of its existence , and never , during more than two score years , having missed the regular visit to its patrons , it will continue to maintain supremacy as A STANDARD AUTHORITY ON MATTERS PERTAINING TO AGRICULTURE AND KINDRED PRODUCTIVE INDUSTRIES , and as a FRESH AND READABLE FAMILY AND FIRESIDE JOURNAL . It will from time to time add new features of interest , securing for each department the ablest writers of practical experience . THE PRAIRIE FARMER will discuss , without fear or favor , all topics of interest properly belonging to a Farm and Fireside Paper , treat of the most approved practices in AGRICULTURE , HORTICULTURE , BREEDING , ETC . ; the varied Machinery , Implements , and improvements in same , for use both in Field and House ; and , in fact , everything of interest to the Agricultural community , whether in FIELD , MARKET , OR HOME CIRCLE . IT WILL GIVE INFORMATION UPON THE PUBLIC DOMAIN , WESTERN SOILS , CLIMATE , ETC . ; ANSWER INQUIRIES on all manner of subjects which come within its sphere ; GIVE each week , full and RELIABLE MARKET , CROP , AND WEATHER REPORTS ; PRESENT the family with choice and INTERESTING LITERATURE ; amuse and INSTRUCT THE YOUNG FOLKS : AND , in a word , aim to BE , in every respect , AN INDISPENSABLE AND UNEXCEPTIONABLE farm and fireside COMPANION . Terms of Subscription and ‘ Club Rates ': ONE COPY , 1 YEAR , postage paid $ 2. 00 TWO COPIES , " " " 3. 75 FIVE " " sent at one time 8. 75 TEN " " sent at one time , and one to Club getter 16. 00 TWENTY " " sent at one time , and one to Club getter 30. 00 Address The Prairie Farmer Publishing Co ., Chicago . Ill . This Elegant RING GIVEN AWAY Illustration This elegant 18K ROLLED GOLD WEDDING RING , equal in appearance to a $ 10 ring , FREE TO ALL . Wishing to at once secure a large number of new subscribers to our well known literary and family paper , BACKLOG SKETCHES , and knowing that all who once read it will become regular subscribers , we make this most liberal offer to induce all to subscribe , firmly believing that in the future we shall be benefited in the increased business it will bring us . For only 25 Cents we will send BACKLOG SKETCHES three months ON TRIAL , and we will send every subscriber , absolutely FREE , this elegant 18K ROLLED GOLD RING . For $ 1 , we send Backlog Sketches a year and send every subscriber free , a beautiful RING , WARRANTED SOLID GOLD . Backlog Sketches is a large , 16 page , illustrated literary paper , size Harper 's Weekly , every issue being filled with the most charming stories and sketches and choicest miscellany . It is alone worth double the subscription price . Subscribe now . Sample paper for stamp . Address BACKLOG PUBLISHING CO ., AUGUSTA , MAINE CUT THIS OUT . IT WILL NOT APPEAR AGAIN . The above liberal offer , by a reliable firm , gives all a chance to get a valuable ring free . Subscribe now , before you forget it . GOLD MEDAL , PARIS , 1878 . Illustration BAKER 'S BREAKFAST COCOA . Warranted absolutely pure Cocoa , from which the excess of Oil has been removed . It has three times the strength of Cocoa mixed with Starch , Arrowroot or Sugar , and is therefore far more economical . It is delicious , nourishing , strengthening , easily digested , and admirably adapted for invalids as well as for persons in health . SOLD BY GROCERS EVERYWHERE . W. BAKER & CO ., Dorchester , Mass . A DANGEROUS AMBUSCADE . Discovered Barely in Time — The Most Deceptive and Luring of Modern Evils Graphically Described . ( Syracuse Journal .) Something of a sensation was caused in this city yesterday by a rumor that one of our best-known citizens was about to publish a statement concerning some unusual experiences during his residence in Syracuse . How the rumor originated it is impossible to say , but a reporter immediately sought Dr. S. G. Martin , the gentleman in question , and secured the following interview : “ What about this rumor , Doctor , that you are going to make a public statement of some important matters ? ” “ Just about the same as you will find in all rumors — some truth ; some fiction . I had contemplated making a publication of some remarkable episodes that have occurred in my life , but have not completed it as yet . ” “ What is the nature of it , may I inquire ? ” “ Why , the fact that I am a human being instead of a spirit . I have passed through one of the most wonderful ordeals that perhaps ever occurred to any man . The first intimation I had of it was several years ago , when I began to feel chilly at night and restless after retiring . Occasionally this would be varied by a soreness of the muscles and cramps in my arms and legs . I thought , as most people would think , that it was only a cold and so paid as little attention to it as possible . Shortly after this I noticed a peculiar catarrhal trouble and my throat also became inflamed . As if this were not variety enough I felt sharp pains in my chest , and a constant tendency to headache . ” “ Why did n't you take the matter in hand and check it right where it was ? ” “ Why does n't everybody do so ? Simply because they think it is only some trifling and passing disorder . These troubles did not come all at once and I thought it unmanly to heed them . I have found , though , that every physical neglect must be paid for and with large interest . Men can not draw drafts on their constitution without honoring them sometime . These minor symptoms I have described , grew until they were giants of agony . I became more nervous ; had a strange fluttering of the heart , an inability to draw a long breath and an occasional numbness that was terribly suggestive of paralysis . How I could have been so blind as not to understand what this meant I can not imagine . ” “ And did you do nothing ? ” “ Yes , I traveled . In the spring of 1879 I went to Kansas and Colorado , and while in Denver , I was attacked with a mysterious hemorrage of the urinary organs and lost twenty pounds of flesh in three weeks . One day after my return I was taken with a terrible chill and at once advanced to a very severe attack of pneumonia . My left lung soon entirely filled with water and my legs and body became twice their natural size . I was obliged to sit upright in bed for several weeks in the midst of the severest agony , with my arms over my head , and constant fear of suffocation . ” “ And did you still make no attempt to save yourself ? ” “ Yes , I made frantic efforts . I tried everything that seemed to offer the least prospect of relief . I called a council of doctors and had them make an exhaustive chemical and microscopical examination of my condition . Five of the best physicians of Syracuse and several from another city said I must die ! “ It seemed as though their assertion was true for my feet became cold , my mouth parched , my eyes wore a fixed glassy stare , my body was covered with a cold , clammy death sweat , and I read my fate in the anxious expressions of my family and friends . ” “ But the finale ? ” “ Came at last . My wife , aroused to desperation , began to administer a remedy upon her own responsibility and while I grew better very slowly , I gained ground surely until , in brief , I have no trace of the terrible Bright 's disease from which I was dying , and am a perfectly well man . This may sound like a romance , but it is true , and my life , health and what I am are due to Warner 's Safe Cure , which I wish was known to and used by the thousands who I believe , are suffering this minute as I was originally . Does not such an experience as this justify me in making a public statement ? ” “ It certainly does . But then Bright 's disease is not a common complaint , doctor . ” “ Not common ! On the contrary it is one of the most common . The trouble is , few people know they have it . It has so few marked symptoms until its final stages that a person may have it for years , each year getting more and more in its power and not suspect it . It is quite natural I should feel enthusiastic over this remedy while my wife is even more so than I am . She knows of its being used with surprising results by many ladies for their own peculiar ailments , over which it has singular power . ” The statement drawn out by the above interview is amply confirmed by very many of our most prominent citizens , among them being Judge Reigel , and Col. James S. Goodrich , of the Times , while Gen. Dwight H. Bruce and Rev . Prof. W. P. Coddington , D. D ., give the remedy their heartiest indorsement . In this age of wonders , surprising things are quite common , but an experience so unusual as that of Dr. Martin 's and occurring here in our midst , may well cause comment and teach a lesson . It shows the necessity of guarding the slightest approach of physical disorder and by the means which has been proven the most reliable and efficient . It shows the depth to which one can sink and yet be rescued and it proves that few people need suffer if these truths are observed . TO PRESERVE THE HEALTH Use the Magneton Appliance Co .' s MAGNETIC LUNG PROTECTOR ! PRICE ONLY $ 5 . They are priceless to LADIES , GENTLEMEN , and CHILDREN with WEAK LUNGS ; no case of PNEUMONIA OR CROUP is ever known where these garments are worn . They also prevent and cure HEART DIFFICULTIES , COLDS , RHEUMATISM , NEURALGIA , THROAT TROUBLES , DIPHTHERIA , CATARRH , AND ALL KINDRED DISEASES . Will WEAR any service for THREE YEARS . Are worn over the under-clothing . CATARRH , It is needless to describe the symptoms of this nauseous disease that is sapping the life and strength of only too many of the fairest and best of both sexes . Labor , study , and research in America , Europe , and Eastern lands , have resulted in the Magnetic Lung Protector , affording cure for Catarrh , a remedy which contains NO DRUGGING OF THE SYSTEM , and with the continuous stream of Magnetism permeating through the afflicted organs , MUST RESTORE THEM TO A HEALTHY ACTION . WE PLACE OUR PRICE for this Appliance at less than one-twentieth of the price asked by others for remedies upon which you take all the chances , and WE ESPECIALLY INVITE the patronage of the MANY PERSONS who have tried DRUGGING THE STOMACHS WITHOUT EFFECT . HOW TO OBTAIN This Appliance . Go to your druggist and ask for them . If they have not got them , write to the proprietors , enclosing the price , in letter at our risk , and they will be sent to you at once by mail , post paid . Send stamp for the “ New Departure in Medical Treatment WITHOUT MEDICINE , ” with thousands of testimonials , THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO ., 218 State Street , Chicago , Ill . NOTE .— Send one dollar in postage stamps or currency ( in letter at our risk ) with size of shoe usually worn , and try a pair of our Magnetic Insoles , and be convinced of the power residing in our Magnetic Appliances . Positively no cold feet where they are worn , or money refunded . Illustration AGENTS make over ONE hundred per cent . profit selling the REFLECTING SAFETY LAMP which can be sold in every family . Gives more light than three ordinary lamps . SAMPLE LAMP SENT FOR FIFTY CENTS IN STAMPS . We have other household articles . Send for circulars . FORSEE & MCMAKIN , CINCINNATI , O . PUBLICATIONS . MARSHALL M. KIRKMAN 'S BOOKS ON RAILROAD TOPICS . DO YOU WANT TO BECOME A RAILROAD MAN IF YOU DO , THE BOOKS DESCRIBED BELOW POINT THE WAY . The most promising field for men of talent and ambition at the present day is the railroad service . The pay is large in many instances , while the service is continuous and honorable . Most of our railroad men began life on the farm . Of this class is the author of the accompanying books descriptive of railway operations , who has been connected continuously with railroads as a subordinate and officer for 27 years . He was brought up on a farm , and began railroading as a lad at $ 7 per month . He has written a number of standard books on various topics connected with the organization , construction , management and policy of railroads . These books are of interest not only to railroad men but to the general reader as well . They are indispensable to the student . They present every phase of railroad life , and are written in an easy and simple style that both interests and instructs . The books are as follows : “ RAILWAY EXPENDITURES — THEIR EXTENT , OBJECT AND ECONOMY . ” — A Practical Treatise on Construction and Operation . In Two Volumes , 850 pages . $ 4. 00 “ HAND BOOK OF RAILWAY EXPENDITURES . ” — Practical Directions for Keeping the Expenditure Accounts . 2. 00 “ RAILWAY REVENUE AND ITS COLLECTION . ” — And Explaining the Organization of Railroads . 2. 50 “ THE BAGGAGE PARCEL AND MAIL TRAFFIC OF RAILROADS . ” — An interesting work on this important service ; 425 pages . 2. 00 “ TRAIN AND STATION SERVICE ” — Giving The Principal Rules and Regulations governing Trains ; 280 pages . 2. 00 “ THE TRACK ACCOUNTS OF RAILROADS . ” — And how they should be kept . Pamphlet . 1. 00 “ THE FREIGHT TRAFFIC WAY-BILL . ” — Its Uses Illustrated and Described . Pamphlet . . 50 “ MUTUAL GUARANTEE . ” — A Treatise on Mutual Suretyship . Pamphlet . . 50 Any of the above books will be sent post paid on receipt of price , by PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., 150 Monroe St. CHICAGO , ILL . Money should be remitted by express , or by draft check or post office order . Illustration ONLY ONE DOLLAR A YEAR . LOOK at this MAGNIFICENT OFFER for 1884 . One of these beautiful Cluster Regard Rings or 7 BEAUTIFUL OIL CHROMOS , and these HANDSOME SOLITAIRE PARISIAN DIAMOND EAR DROPS . This is no humbug , but a chance that will never be offered again , as it appears but once . So do not let THIS CHANCE SLIP by when you can get any of these BEAUTIFUL ARTICLES by subscribing for the LEADING FAMILY STORY PAPER , HOUSEHOLD AND FARM , providing your order is received on or before MARCH 15TH , 1884 . As we wish to introduce our Illustrated Family Paper , THE HOUSEHOLD AND FARM , in fifty thousand new homes , and in order to do so we make this wonderful offer . THE HOUSEHOLD AND FARM ( Subscription price only $ 1. 00 per year ) , is a sixteen page family paper , illustrated , cut and bound , and same size as Harper 's Weekly , and brimful of interesting reading for the household . This offer is only extended to ONE MEMBER OF EACH FAMILY , and will not be made again . Postage Stamps taken . Address , Illustration HOUSEHOLD & FARM , 9 Spruce Street , P. O . Box 2834 . NEW YORK . HOUSEHOLD . For nothing lovelier can be found In woman than to study household good .— Milton . “ GOING UP HEAD . ” AN OLD SOLDIER 'S STORY . The low school-house stood in a green Wabash wood Lookin ’ out on long levels of corn like a sea — A little log-house , hard benches , and we , Big barefooted boys and rough ‘ uns , we stood In line with the gals and tried to get ‘ head At spellin ’ each day when the lessons was said . But one , Bally Dean , tall , bony , and green As green corn in the milk , stood fast at the foot — Stood day after day , as if he 'd been put A soldier on guard there did poor Bally Dean . And stupid ! God made him so stupid I doubt — But I guess God who made us knows what He 's about . He 'd a long way to walk . But he would n't once talk Of that , nor the chores for his mother who lay A shakin ’ at home . Still , day after day He stood at the foot till the class ‘ gan to mock ! Then to master he plead , “ Oh I 'd like to go head ! ” Now it was n't so much , but the way it was said . Then the war struck the land ! Why the barefooted band It just nailed up that door : and the very next day , With master for Cap'en , went marchin ’ away ; And Bally the butt of the whole Wabash band . But he bore with it all , yet once firmly said , “ When I get back home , I 'm agoin ’ up head ! ” Oh , that school-house that stood in the wild Wabash wood ! The rank weeds were growin ’ like ghosts through the floor . The squirrels hulled nuts on the sill of the door . And the gals stood in groups scrapin ’ lint where they stood . And we boys ! How we sighed ; how we sickened and died For the days that had been , for a place at their side . Then one fever-crazed and his better sense dazed And dulled with heart-sickness all duty forgot ; Deserted , was taken , condemned to be shot ! And Bally Dean guardin ’ his comrade half crazed , Slow paced up and down while he slept where he lay In the tent waitin ’ death at the first flush of day . And Bally Dean thought of the boy to be shot , Of the fair girl he loved in the woods far away ; Of the true love that grew like a red rose of May ; And he stopped where he stood , and he thought and he thought Then a sudden star fell , shootin ’ on overhead . And he knew that his mother beckon 'd onto the dead . And he said what have I ? Though I live though I die . Who shall care for me now ? Then the dull , muffled drum Struck his ear , and he knew that the master had come With the squad . And he passed in the tent with a sigh , And the doomed lad crept forth , and the drowsy squad led With low trailin ’ guns to the march of the dead . Then with face turned away tow'rd a dim streak of day , And his voice full of tears the poor bowed master said , As he fell on his knees and uncovered his head : “ Come boys it is school time , let us all pray . ” And we prayed . And the lad by the coffin alone Was tearless , was silent , was still as a stone . “ In line , ” master said , and he stood at the head ; But he could n't speak now . So he drew out his sword And dropped the point low for the last fatal word . Then the rifles rang out , and a soldier fell dead ! The master sprang forward . “ Great Heaven , ” he said , “ It is Bally , poor Bally , and he 's gone up head ! ” — Joaquin Miller . TOO FAT TO MARRY . A very fat young woman came to my office and asked to see me privately . When we were alone she said : “ Are you sure no one can overhear us ? ” “ Quite sure . ” “ You wo n't laugh at me , will you ? ” “ Madam , I should be unworthy of your confidence if I could be guilty of such a rudeness . ” “ Thank you , sir ; but no one ever called upon you on such a ridiculous errand . You wo n't think me an idiot , will you ? ” “ I beg of you to go on . ” “ You do n't care to know my name or residence ? ” “ Certainly not , if you care to conceal them . ” “ I have called to consult you about the strangest thing in the world . I will tell you all . I am twenty-three years old . When I was nineteen I weighed 122 pounds ; now I weigh 209 ; I am all filling up with fat . I can hardly breathe . The best young man that ever lived loves me , and has been on the point of asking me to marry him , but of course he sees I am growing worse all the time and he do n't dare venture . I can n't blame him . He is the noblest man in the world , and could marry any one he chooses . I do n't blame him for not wishing to unite himself to such a tub as I am . Why , Doctor , you do n't know how fat I am . I am a sight to behold . And now I have come to see if any thing can be done . I know you have studied up all sorts of curious subjects , and I thought you might be able to tell me how to get rid of this dreadful curse . ” She had been talking faster and faster , and with more and more feeling ( after the manner of fat women , who are always emotional ) , until she broke down in hysterical sobs . I inquired about her habits — table and otherwise . She replied : “ Oh , I starve myself ; I do n't eat enough to keep a canary bird alive , and yet I grow fatter and fatter all the time . I do n't believe anything can be done for me . We all have our afflictions , and I suppose we ought to bear them with fortitude . I would n't mind for myself , but it 's just breaking his heart ; if it was n't for him I could be reconciled . ” I then explained to her our nervous system , and the bearing certain conditions of one class of nerves has upon the deposition of adipose tissue . I soon saw she was not listening , but was mourning her sorrow . Then I asked her if she would be willing to follow a prescription I might give her . “ Willing ? willing ? ” she cried . “ I would be willing to go through fire , or to have my flesh cut off with red-hot knives . There is nothing I would not be willing to endure if I could only get rid of this horrible condition . ” I prepared a prescription for her , and arranged that she should call upon me once a week , that I might supervise her progress and have frequent opportunities to encourage her . The prescription which I read to her was this : 1 . For breakfast eat a piece of beef or mutton as large as your hand , with a slice of white bread twice as large . For dinner the same amount of meat , or , if preferred , fish or poultry , with the same amount of farinaceous or vegetable food in the form of bread or potato . For supper , nothing . 2 . Drink only when greatly annoyed with thirst ; then a mouthful of lemonade without sugar . 3 . Take three times a week some form of bath , in which there shall be immense perspiration . The Turkish bath is best . You must work , either in walking or some other way , several hours a day . “ But , doctor , I can n't walk ; my feet are sore . ” “ I thought that might be the case , but if the soles of your shoes are four inches broad , and are thick and strong , walking will not hurt your feet . You must walk or work until you perspire freely , every day of the week . Of course , you are in delicate health , with little endurance , but , as you have told me that you are willing to do anything , you are to work hard at something six or seven hours every day . ” 4 . You must rise early in the morning , and retire late at night . Much sleep fattens people . 5 . The terrible corset you have on , which compresses the center of the body , making you look a great deal fatter than you really are , must be taken off , and you must have a corset which any dress maker can fit to you — a corset for the lower part of the abdomen , which will raise this great mass and support it . “ This is all the advice I have to give you at present . At first you will lose half a pound a day . In the first three months you will lose from twenty to thirty pounds . In six months , forty pounds . You will constantly improve in health , get over this excessive emotion , and be much stronger . Every one knows that a very fat horse weighing 1 , 200 pounds , can be quickly reduced to 1 , 000 pounds with great improvement to activity and health . It is still easier with a human being . That you may know exactly what is being done , I wish you to be weighed ; write the figures in your memorandum , and one week from now , when you come again , weigh yourself and tell me how much you have lost . ” I happened to be out of the city and did not see her until her second visit , two weeks from our last meeting . It was plain when she entered that already her system was being toned up , and when we were again in my private office , she said : “ I have lost six and a half pounds ; not quite as much as you told me , but I am delighted , though nearly starved . I have done exactly as you prescribed , and shall continue to if it kills me . You must be very careful not to make any mistakes , for I shall do just as you say . At first the thirst was dreadful . I thought I could not bear it . But now I have very little trouble with that . ” About four months after our first meeting this young woman brought a handsome young man with her , and after a pleasant chat , she said to me : “ We are engaged ; but I have told my friend that I shall not consent to become his wife until I have a decent shape . When I came to you I weighed 209 pounds ; I now weigh 163 pounds . I am ten times as strong , active , and healthy as I was then , and I have made up my mind , for my friend has left it altogether to me , that when I have lost ten or fifteen pounds more , we shall send you the invitations . ” As the wedding day approached she brought the figures 152 on a card , and exclaimed , with her blue eyes running over : “ I am the happiest girl in the world , and do n't you think I have honestly earned it ? I think I am a great deal happier than I should have been had I not worked for it . ” The papers said the bride was beautiful . I thought she was , and I suppose no one but herself and husband felt as much interested in that beauty as I did . I took a sort of scientific interest in it . We made the usual call upon them during the first month , and when , two months after the wedding , they were spending the evening with us , I asked him if his wife had told him about my relations with her avoirdupois ? He laughed heartily , and replied : “ Oh , yes , she has told me everything , I suppose : but was n't it funny ? ” “ Not very . I am sure you would n't have thought it funny if you could have heard our first interview . It was just the reverse of funny ; do n't you think so madam ? ” “ I am sure it was the most anxious visit I ever paid any one . Doctor , my good husband says he should have married me just the same , but I think he would have been a goose if he had . ” “ Yes , ” said the husband , “ it was foreordained that we two should be one . ” “ To be sure it was , ” replied the happy wife , “ because it was foreordained that I should get rid of those horrid fifty-seven pounds . I am going down till I reach one hundred and forty pounds , and there I will stop , unless my husband says one hundred and thirty . I am willing do anything to please him . ” — Dio Lewis ’ Monthly . ORNAMENTS FOR HOMES . It is not the most expensively furnished houses that are the most homelike , besides comparatively few persons have the means to gratify their love of pretty little ornaments with which to beautify their homes . It is really painful to visit some houses ; there naked walls and cheerless rooms meet you yet there are many such , and children in them too . How much might these homes be brightened by careful forethought in making some little ornaments that are really of no expense , save the time . Comb cases , card receivers , letter holders , match safes , paper racks , cornucopias , and many other pretty and useful things can easily be made of nice clean paste board boxes ( and the boxes are to be found in a variety of colors ) . For any of these cut out the parts and nicely sew them together , and the seams and raw edges can be covered with narrow strips of bright hued paper or tape . Ornament them with transfer or scrap pictures . I have seen very pretty vases for holding dried flowers and grasses , made of plain dark brown pasteboard , and the seams neatly covered with narrow strips of paper . Pretty ottomans can be made by covering any suitable sized box with a bit of carpeting , and stuffing the top with straw or cotton . Or , if the carpeting is not convenient , piece a covering of worsteds . A log cabin would be a pretty pattern . To amuse the children during the long winter months , make a scrap-book of pictures . Collect all the old illustrated books , papers , and magazines , and cut out the pictures and with mucilage nicely paste them in a book , first removing alternate leaves so it will not be too bulky . Perhaps this last remark is slightly wandering from my subject , but I can n't help it , I love the little folks and want them happy . Cares and trouble will come to them soon enough . Autograph albums are quite the rage nowadays , and children get the idea and quite naturally think it pretty nice , and want an album too . For them make a pretty album in the form of a boot . For the outside use plain red cardboard ; for the inside leaves use unruled paper ; fasten at the top with two tiny bows of narrow blue ribbon . A lady sent my little girl an autograph album after this pattern for a birthday present and it is very neat indeed . Any of the little folks who want a pattern of it can have it and welcome by sending stamp to pay postage . For the wee little girl make a nice rag doll ; it will please her quite as well as a boughten one , and certainly last much longer . I have a good pattern for a doll which you may also have if you wish it . A nice receptacle for pins , needles , thread , etc ., can be made in form of an easy chair or sofa . Cut the part of pasteboard and cover the seat , arms , and back with cloth , and stuff with cotton . Brackets made of pasteboard will do service a long time . MRS. F. A. WARNER SOUTH SAGINAW , MICH . RAILROADS . Illustration A MAN WHO IS UNACQUAINTED WITH THE GEOGRAPHY OF THIS COUNTRY WILL SEE BY EXAMINING THIS MAP THAT THE CHICAGO , ROCK ISLAND & PACIFIC R'Y By the central position of its line , connects the East and the West by the shortest route , and carries passengers , without change of cars , between Chicago and Kansas City , Council Bluffs , Leavenworth , Atchison , Minneapolis and St. Paul . It connects in Union Depots with all the principal lines of road between the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans . Its equipment is unrivaled and magnificent , being composed of Most Comfortable and Beautiful Day Coaches , Magnificent Horton Reclining Chair Cars , Pullman 's Prettiest Palace Sleeping Cars , and the Best Line of Dining Cars in the World . Three Trains between Chicago and Missouri River Points . Two Trains between Chicago and Minneapolis and St. Paul , via the Famous “ ALBERT LEA ROUTE . ” A New and Direct Line , via Seneca and Kankakee , has recently been opened between Richmond Norfolk , Newport News , Chattanooga , Atlanta , Augusta , Nashville , Louisville , Lexington , Cincinnati Indianapolis and Lafayette , and Omaha , Minneapolis and St. Paul and intermediate points . All Through Passengers Travel on Fast Express Trains . Tickets for sale at all principal Ticket Offices in the United States and Canada . Baggage checked through and rates of fare always as low as competitors that offer less advantages . For detailed information , get the Maps and Folders of the GREAT ROCK ISLAND ROUTE , At your nearest Ticket Office , or address R. R . CABLE , Vice-Pres . & Gen'l M'g ' r , E. ST. JOHN , Gen'l Tkt . & Pass . Agt . CHICAGO . MAPS . RAND , McNALLY & CO .' S NEW RAILROAD — AND — COUNTY MAP — OF THE — UNITED STATES — AND — DOMINION OF CANADA . Size , 4 × 2-1 / 2 feet , mounted on rollers to hang on the wall . This is an ENTIRELY NEW MAP , Constructed from the most recent and authentic sources . — IT SHOWS — ALL THE RAILROADS , — AND — EVERY COUNTY AND PRINCIPAL TOWN — IN THE — UNITED STATES AND CANADA . A useful Map in every one 's home , and place of business . PRICE , $ 2. 00 . Agents wanted , to whom liberal inducements will be given . Address RAND , McNALLY & CO ., Chicago , Ill . By arrangements with the publishers of this Map we are enabled to make the following liberal offer : To each person who will remit us $ 2. 25 we will send copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER One Year and THIS MAP POSTPAID . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., CHICAGO , ILL . MISCELLANEOUS . “ FACTS ABOUT Arkansas and Texas . ” A handsome book , beautifully illustrated , with colored diagrams , giving reliable information as to crops , population , religious denominations , commerce , timber , Railroads , lands , etc ., etc . Sent free to any address on receipt of a 2-cent stamp . Address H. C. TOWNSEND , GEN . PASSENGER AGT ., ST. LOUIS , MO . 500 VIRGINIA FARMS & MILLS FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE . Write for free REAL ESTATE JOURNAL . R. B . CHAFFIN & CO ., Richmond , Virginia . THE PRAIRIE FARMER is the Cheapest and Best Agricultural Paper published . Only $ 2. 00 per year . REMEMBER that $ 2. 00 pays for THE PRAIRIE FARMER from this date to January 1 , 1885 ; For $ 2. 00 you get it for one year and a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER COUNTY MAP OF THE UNITED STATES , FREE ! This is the most liberal offer ever made by any first-class weekly agricultural paper in this country . OUR YOUNG FOLKS CHAT ABOUT A BEAR . As I promised you last week , I will try and tell you about the bear I saw a few months ago away down in Nova Scotia , not many miles from that quaint old city of Halifax . Do I hear some of THE PRAIRIE FARMER boys and girls exclaim , as a real grown-up lady did just before I left Chicago : “ Halifax ! why , yes , I have heard tell of the place , but did not think that anybody ever really went there . ” People do go there , however , by the hundreds in the summer time , and a most delightful , hospitable , charming class of inhabitants do they find the Blue Noses , as they are called — that is , when one goes to them very well introduced . But we will have a little talk about Halifax and surroundings when you have heard about the bear . Well , in the first place I did not , of course , see the bear in the city , but in a place called Sackville — a section of country about five miles long , and extending over hill and dale and valley ; through woods and across streams . My host owned a beautiful farm — picturesquely beautiful only , not with a money-making beauty — situated upon the slope of a hill , where one could stand and look upon the most tender of melting sunsets , away off toward the broad old ocean . One morning as we were all gathered upon the front stoop , grandpa , mamma , baby , kitten and all , we looked down the valley and saw coming up the hill , led by two men , an immense yellow bear . One of the farm hands was sent to call the men and the bear up to the house . The men , who were Swiss , were glad enough to come , as they were taking bruin through the country to show off his tricks and make thereby a little money . The children were somewhat afraid at first , but soon felt quite safe when they saw he was firmly secured by a rope . Old bruin 's keeper first gave him a drink of water , then poured a pailful over him , which he seemed to enjoy very much , as the day was a warm one . One of the men said something in Swiss , at which the bear gave a roar-like grunt and commenced to dance . Around and around the great lumbering fellow went on his two hind legs , holding his fore paws in the air . It was not what one would call a very “ airy waltz , ” however . Again the keeper spoke , and immediately bruin threw himself upon the ground and turned somersaults , making us all laugh heartily . He then told him to shake hands ( but all in Swiss ) , and it was too funny to see the great awkward animal waddle up on his hind legs and extend first one paw and then the other . But what interested us all most , both big and little , was to hear the man say , “ Kisse me , ” and then to watch the bear throw out his long tongue and lick his keeper 's face . We then gave the bear some milk to drink , when suddenly he gave a bound forward toward the baby . But he was securely tied , as we well knew . The milk roused all the beast 's savage instincts , one of the men said . But what will interest you most of all will be the fact that on the farm ( which consisted of five hundred acres , nearly all woodland ) there were seen almost every morning the footprints of a real savage bear . The sheep were fast disappearing , and the farmers about were not a little worried . One day I went for a walk into these same woods , and such woods ! you Western boys and girls could not possibly imagine them — the old moss-covered logs , and immense trees cut down years ago and left to lie there until all overgrown with mosses and lichens . I never before experienced such a feeling of solitude as in that walk of over a mile in length through those deep dark woods , where sometimes we had literally to cut our way through with our little hatchets ( we always carried them with us when in the forest ) . As I sauntered on , those lines of Longfellow 's in Evangeline , came unconsciously to my mind , so exactly did they describe the place : This is the forest primeval . The murmuring pines and the hemlocks , Bearded with moss , and in garments green , indistinct in the twilight , Stand like Druids of old , with voices sad and prophetic . Stand like harpers hoar , with beards that rest on their bosoms . Loud from its rocky caverns , the deep voiced neighboring ocean Speaks , and in accents disconsolate answers the wail of the forest . Nova Scotia is , as you all know the Acadian country of which our own fireside poet writes so beautifully . It was but a few miles from where I was visiting that the scene of Evangeline , that exquisitely tender romance which so thrills the hearts of both old and young , was laid . As I drove through the country , coming ever and anon unexpectedly upon one of the many beautiful lakes from half a mile to two miles in length , in fancy I pictured the fair Evangeline and her guide , the good Father Felician , skirting these lakes in a light canoe as they traversed the whole and through in the sad and fruitless search for the lost lover Gabriel . No wonder the soul of the poet was filled with such strange , mystic beauty which thus found expression in rhythm and song , for Acadia has an enchantment all its own and can best be interpreted by the diviner thought of the poet . But I am afraid , boys and girls , that I have chatted with you so long now that there will be scarcely room this week to touch upon Halifax . But , however , if you wish , I will try and talk to you about it next week , and tell you of some of the winter sports the little Blue Noses indulge in in the winter time . MARY HOWE . A FAIRY STORY BY LITTLE JOHNNY . Me an Billy we ben readn fairy tales , an I never see such woppers . I bet the feller wich rote em will be burnt every tiny little bit up wen he dies , but Billy says they are all true but the facks . Uncle Ned sed cude I tell one , and I ast him wot about , and he sed : “ Wel Johnny , as you got to do the tellin I'le leav the choice of subjeck entirely to you ; jest giv us some thing about a little boy that went and sook his forten . ” So I sed : “ One time there was a little boy went out for to seek his forten , and first thing he see was great big yello posy on a punkin vine . ” Then Uncle Ned he sed : “ Johnny , was that the punkin vine wich your bed once had a bizness connection with ? ” But I did n't anser , only went on with the story . “ So the little boy he wocked into the posy , and crold down the vine on his hands and kanees bout ten thousan hundred miles , till he come bime bi to a door , wich he opened an went in an found hisself in a grate big house , ofle nice like a kings pallows or a hotell . But the little boy dident find any body to home and went out a other door , where he see a ocion with a bote , and he got in the bote . ” Then Uncle Ned he sed a uther time : “ Johnny , excuse the ignance of a man wich has been in Injy an evry were , but is it the regular thing for punkin vines to have sea side resorts in em ? ” But I only sed : “ Wen the little boy had saild out of site of land the bote it sunk , and he went down , down , down in the water , like he was tied around the neck of a mill stone , till he was swollowed by a wale , cos wales is the largest of created beings wich plows the deep , but lions is the king of beests , an the American eagle can lick ol other birds , hooray ! Wen the boy was a seekn his forten in the stummeck of the wales belly he cut to a fence , an wen he had got over the fence he found hisself in a rode runin thru a medder , and it was a ofle nice country fur as he cude see . ” Uncle Ned sed : “ Did he put up at the same way side inn wich was patternized by Jonah wen he pennitrated to that part of the morl vinyerd ? ” But I said : “ Bimebi he seen a rope hangin down from the ski , and he begin for to clime it up , a sayin , ‘ Snitchety , snatchety , up I go , ’ ‘ wot time is it old witch ? ’ ‘ niggers as good as a white man , ’ ‘ fee-faw-fum , ’ ‘ Chinese mus go , ’ ‘ all men is equil fore de law , ’ ‘ blitherum , blatherum , boo , ’ and all the words of madgick wich he cude think of . After a wile it got reel dark , but he kep on a climeing , and pretty sune he see a round spot of dalite over his hed , and then he cum up out of a well in a grate city . ” Jest then my father he came in , and he said : “ Johnny , you get the bucket and go to the wel and fetch sum water for your mother to wash the potatoes . ” But I said it was Billy 's tern , and Billy he sed twasent no sech thing , and I said he lide , and he hit me on the snoot of my nose , and we fot a fite , but victery percht upon the banners of my father , cos he had a stick . Then wile me and Billy was crying Uncle Ned he spoke up and begun : “ One time there was a grate North American fairy taler — ” But I jest fetched Mose a kick , wich is the cat , and went out and pitcht into Sammy Doppy , which licked me reel mean . BREEDERS DIRECTORY . The following list embraces the names of responsible and reliable Breeders in their line , and parties wishing to purchase or obtain information can feel assured that they will be honorably dealt with : CATTLE . Jersey . Mills , Charles F ..................... Springfield , Illinois HORSES . Clydesdales . Mills , Charles F ..................... Springfield , Illinois SWINE . Berkshire . Mills , Charles F ..................... Springfield , Illinois Chester Whites . W. A . Gilbert ...................... Wauwatosa Wis . SHEEP . Cotswold . Mills , Charles F ..................... Springfield , Illinois LIVE STOCK , Etc . Jersey Bulls . JERSEY BREEDERS desiring young bulls of the most approved form and breeding , and representing the families most noted for large yields of butter , will serve their interests by addressing the undersigned . Stock recorded in A. J. C. C. H. R . Cotswold Sheep . CHOICE representatives of this large and popular breed of sheep for sale at prices satisfactory to buyers . Ewes and rams of different ages . Breeding stock recorded in the American Cotswold Record . CHAS . F. MILLS , Springfield , Ill . VICTORIA SWINE . Illustration FALSTAFF . Winner of First Prize Chicago Fat Stock Show 1878 . Originators of this famous breed . Also breeders of Pekin Ducks and Light Brahma Fowls . Stock for sale . Send for circular A . SCHIEDT & DAVIS , Dyer , Lake Co. Ind . Illustration We will send you a watch or a chain BY MAIL OR EXPRESS , C. O. D ., to be examined before paying any money and if not satisfactory , returned at our expense . We manufacture all our watches and save you 30 per cent . Catalogue of 250 styles free . EVERY WATCH WARRANTED . ADDRESS STANDARD AMERICAN WATCH CO ., PITTSBURGH , PA . MEDICAL . Weak Nervous Men Whose DEBILITY , EXHAUSTED POWERS , premature decay and failure to perform LIFE 'S DUTIES properly are caused by excesses , errors of youth , etc ., will find a perfect and lasting restoration to ROBUST HEALTH and VIGOROUS MANHOOD in THE MARSTON BOLUS . Neither stomach drugging nor instruments . This treatment of NERVOUS DEBILITY and PHYSICAL DECAY is uniformly successful because based on perfect diagnosis , NEW AND DIRECT METHODS and absolute THOROUGHNESS . Full information and Treatise free . Address Consulting Physician of MARSTON REMEDY CO ., 46W . 14th St ., New York . TWO LADIES MET ONE DAY . One said to the other “ By the way how is that Catarrh of yours ? ” “ Why it 's simply horrid , getting worse every day . ” “ Well , why do n't you try ‘ DR. SYKES ’ SURE CURE , ’ I know it will cure you ! ” “ Well , then I will , for I 've tried everything else . ” Just six weeks afterward they met again and No . 1 said . “ Why , how much better you look , what 's up ! Going to get married , or what ? ” “ Well , yes , and it 's all owing to ‘ DR. SYKES ’ SURE CURE FOR CATARRH ; ’ oh , why did n't I know of it before ? it 's simply wonderful . ” Send 10 cents to Dr. C. R . Sykes , 181 Monroe street , Chicago , for valuable book of full information , and mention the “ Two Ladies . ” 30 DAYS ’ TRIAL DR. DYE 'S Illustration ELECTRO VOLTAIC BELT , and other ELECTRIC APPLIANCES . We will send on Thirty Days ’ Trial , TO MEN , YOUNG OR OLD , who are suffering from NERVOUS DEBILITY , LOST VITALITY , and those diseases of a PERSONAL NATURE resulting from ABUSES and OTHER CAUSES . Speedy relief and complete restoration to HEALTH , VIGOR and MANHOOD GUARANTEED . Send at once for Illustrated Pamphlet free . Address VOLTAIC BELT CO ., MARSHALL , MICH . I CURE FITS ! When I say cure I do not mean merely to stop them for a time and then have them return again , I mean a radical cure . I have made the disease of FITS , EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-long study . I warrant my remedy to cure the worst cases . Because others have failed is no reason for not now receiving a cure . Send at once for a treatise and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy . Give Express and Post Office . It costs you nothing for a trial , and I will cure you . Address Dr. H. G. ROOT , 183 Pearl St ., New York . BEST QUALITY . Illustration 80 Cards New designs in Satin and Gold finish , with name , 10 cts . We offer $ 100 for a pack of cards any nicer work , or prettier styles . Samples free . EAGLE CARD WORKS , NEW HAVEN , CT . MISCELLANEOUS . DIAMONDS FREE ! We desire to make the circulation of our paper 250 , 000 during the next six months . To accomplish which we will give absolutely free a genuine FIRST WATER Diamond Ring , and the Home Companion for one year , for only $ 2. 00 . Our reasons for making this unprecedented offer are as follows ; A newspaper with 200 , 000 subscribers can get 1c . per line per 1 , 000 of circulation for its advertising space , or $ 5 , 000 per issue MORE than it costs to produce and mail the paper . With but 10 , 000 or 20 , 000 subscribers , its advertising revenues do not pay expenses . Only the papers with mammoth circulations make fortunes for their owners , DERIVED FROM ADVERTISING SPACE . For these and other reasons , we regard 100 , 000 subscribers as being of more financial benefit to a paper than the paper is to the subscribers . With 100 , 000 or 200 , 000 bona-fide subscribers , we make $ 100 , 000 to $ 200 , 000 a year clear profit from advertising , above cost of publishing . Without a large circulation , we would lose money . Therefore , to secure a very large circulation , and thus receive high rates and large profits from advertising space , this ONLY EQUITABLE plan of conducting business is adopted . THE FIRST QUESTION TO BE ANSWERED IS ,— is the diamond pure — a genuine stone ? OUR ANSWER IS YES . The stone is GUARANTEED to be no Alaska Diamond , Rhine Pebble , or other imitation , but a WARRANTED GENUINE AND PURE DIAMOND . If it is not found so by the most careful and searching tests , we will refund the money , enter the subscriber 's name on our list , and have the paper mailed to him free during its existence . To the publisher of this paper has been sent a guarantee from the manufacturing Jeweler , from whom we obtain these rings , that they are just as represented , so that readers may rely upon the promises being fulfilled to the letter . The second question is , IS THE PAPER A DESIRABLE FAMILY JOURNAL ? YES . It contains contributions from the first writers of the times : fiction , choice facts , intellectual food of the most interesting , instructive and refined character . It is one of the LEADING PAPERS OF THE PROGRESSIVE WEST . We are determined to make it the most desirable and reliable paper in the United States ; will spare no effort or money to achieve that object . Sample Copies sent free on application . Remit by draft , express , or new postal note , to THE HOME COMPANION . N. W . Cor . Fourth and Race Streets , Cincinnati , O . Do n't fail to name the paper in which you see this advertisement . Do n't be Humbugged With Poor , Cheap Coulters . Illustration All farmers have had trouble with their Coulters . In a few days they get to wabbling , are condemned and thrown aside . In our “ BOSS ” Coulter we furnish a tool which can scarcely be worn out ; and when worn , the wearable parts , a prepared wood journal , and movable thimble in the hub ( held in place by a key ) can be easily and cheaply renewed . WE GUARANTEE OUR “ BOSS ” to plow more acres than any other three Coulters now used . OUR “ O. K . ” CLAMP Attaches the Coulter to any size or kind of beam , either right or left hand plow . We know that after using it you will say it is THE BEST TOOL ON THE MARKET . Ask your dealer for it . Manufactured by the BOSS COULTER CO ., Bunker Hill , Ills . LITERATURE . FOR THOSE WHO FAIL . “ All honor to him who shall win the prize , ” The world has cried for a thousand years , But to him who tries and who fails and dies I give great honor and glory and tears . Give glory and honor and pitiful tears To all who fail in their deeds sublime , Their ghosts are many in the van of years , They were born with Time in advance of Time . Oh , great is the hero who wins a name , But greater many and many a time Some pale-faced fellow who dies in shame And lets God finish the thought sublime . And great is the man with a sword undrawn , And good is the man who refrains from wine ; But the man who fails and yet still fights on , Lo , he is the twin-born brother of mine . — Joaquin Miller . A SINGULAR PHILOSOPHER . Hon . Henry Cavendish was born in England , Oct. 10 , 1731 , and died Feb. 21 , 1810 . Cavendish was the son of Lord Charles Cavendish , a son of the Duke of Devonshire ; and his mother was Lady Anne Grey , daughter of Henry , Duke of Kent . It is thus seen that the subject of this sketch belonged to two of the two most aristocratic , noble families in England , having for grandfathers the Dukes of Kent and Devonshire . This man , who became one of the most distinguished chemists and physicists of the age , born in high life , of exalted position and wealth , passed through the period of his boyhood and early manhood in utter obscurity , and a dense cloud rests upon his early life . Indeed , the place of his birth has been in dispute ; some of his biographers asserting that he was born in England , others that he was born in France or Italy . It is now known that he was born at Nice , whither his mother had gone for the sake of health . It seems incredible that one highly distinguished , who lived and died so recently , should have almost entirely escaped observation until he had reached middle life . From fragments of his early history which have been collected , we learn that he was a peculiar boy ,— shy , reticent , fond of solitary walks , without playfellows , and utterly insensible to the attractions of home and social life . He was born with inflexible reserve ; and the love of retirement so manifest in in later life mastered all his instincts even when a boy . If he had been of poor and obscure parentage , it would not seem so strange that one who for nearly fifty years was a Fellow of the Royal Society , and for a lengthened period a member of the Institute of France , and an object of European interest to men of science , had no one to record the incidents of his early life . But he lost his mother when almost an infant , and this sad event probably influenced greatly his early career , and isolated him from the world in which he lived . We find him at Dr. Newcome 's school at Hackney in 1742 , and from this school he went directly to Cambridge , where he remained until 1753 . He did not graduate , true to his odd instincts , although he spent the full period for a degree at Cambridge . No records of his college life have been preserved , and , as he went to London , it is wonderful that the next ten years of his life remain a blank . He joined the Royal Society in 1760 , but contributed nothing until 1766 , when he published his first paper on “ Factitious Airs . ” Cavendish was a great mathematician , electrician , astronomer , meteorologist , and as a chemist he was equally learned and original . He lived at a time when science was to a large extent but blank empiricism ; even the philosophy of combustion was based on erroneous and absurd hypotheses , and the speculation of experimenters were wild and fantastic . He was the first to submit these speculations to crucial tests , to careful and accurate experiment ; and the results which were given to the world introduced a new era in scientific knowledge . We have so much to say regarding the man , that we can only present a brief outline of his great discoveries . Alone , in a spacious house on Clapham Common , outside of London , did this singular man work through many long years , until he filled it with every possible device capable of unfolding or illustrating principles in science . At the time of a visit to London in 1856 this famous house was standing , and remained as it was when the owner left it , about a half century before . The exterior of the house would not attract special attention ; but within , the whole world could not , perhaps , furnish a parallel . Anvils and forges , files and hammers , grindstones and tempering-troughs , furnaces and huge bellows , had converted the panelled and wall-frescoed drawing-room into the shop of a blacksmith . In the spacious dining-room chemical apparatus occupied the place of furniture . Electrical machines , Leyden-jars , eudiometers , thermometric scales , philosophical instruments , were distributed through the chambers . The third story , save two bed-chambers ,— one for the housekeeper , the other for the footman ,— had been fitted up for an observatory . The lenses and achromatic glasses , tubes and specula , concave mirrors , and object-prisms , and the huge , rough old telescope , peering through the roof , were still there as their owner had left them . All appliances of housekeeping were absent , and Cavendish House was destitute of all comforts , for which the owner had no taste . In this house Cavendish lived for nearly half a century , totally isolated from the world and all human sympathies . He seldom or never visited relatives , and they were never guests at his house . He had several servants , all of whom were males , with one exception . He was shy of women , and did not like to have them come in his way . If he saw his female servant in any of the rooms , he would order her away instantly , or fly himself to other quarters . Rarely , during all the years of his solitary life , did a woman cross his threshold ; and , when one did , he would run from her as if she brought the plague . His servants were all trained to silence , and in giving his orders the fewest words possible were used . His meals were served irregularly , whenever in the intervals of absorbing labors , he could snatch a fragment of time . He uniformly dined upon one kind of meat ,— a joint of mutton ; and he seemed to have no knowledge that there were other kinds in the market . Upon one occasion he had invited a few scientific friends to dinner at Cavendish House , and when his servant asked him what he should provide , “ A leg of mutton ! ” said Cavendish . “ It will hardly be enough , ” said the servant . “ Well , then get two . ” “ Anything else , sir ? ” “ Yes , get four legs of mutton . ” His dress was peculiar ,— a snuff-colored coat reaching to his knees , a long vest of the same color , buff breeches , and a three-cornered hat . With him the fashion never changed ; he had but one suit ; not an extra coat , hat , or even two handkerchiefs . When his wardrobe gave out , and he was forced to see his tailor , he became very nervous . He would walk the room in agony , give orders to have the tailor sent for , and then immediately countermand the same . His shoes for fifty years were of one pattern ; and when he took them off they were put in one place behind a door , and woe to the servant who accidentally displaced them . He hung his old three-cornered hat on one peg at his house , and when he attended the meetings of the Royal Society he had a peg in the hall known as “ Cavendish 's peg . ” If , through accident , it was taken by some member before his arrival , he would stop , look at the occupied peg , and then turn on his heel , and go back to his house . When he went to the meetings , he walked in the middle of the street , never on the sidewalk ; and he invariably took the same route . Upon reaching the steps leading to the rooms , he would stop , hesitate , put his hand on the door-handle , and look about timidly , and sometimes return at a rapid pace . His cane , which he carried for fifty years , he placed upright in his left boot , which he took off at the door , covering his foot with a slipper . Once inside the rooms of the Royal Society , and surrounded by the most distinguished men of England and the world , he became excessively shy , and read his wonderful papers in an awkward manner . Applause of any kind he could not bear ; and if in conversation any one praised his researches or papers , he would turn away abruptly , as if highly indignant . If he was appealed to as authority upon any point , he would dart away , and perhaps quit the hall for the evening . This man of great genius and vast acquirements was incapable of understanding or enduring praise or flattery . He sought in every possible way to escape recognition or notice , listened attentively to conversation , but seldom asked questions ; never spoke of himself , or of what he had accomplished in the world of science . Cavendish was a man possessed of vast wealth , and , when he died , he was the richest bank-owner in all England . “ At the age of forty , a large accession came to his fortune . His income already exceeded his expenditure . Pecuniary transactions were his aversion . Other matters occupied his attention . The legacy was therefore paid in to his bankers . It was safe there , and he gave it no more heed . One of the firm sought to see him at Clapham . In answer to the inquiries of the footman as to his Business , the banker replied to see Mr. Cavendish personally . ‘ You must wait , then , ’ responded the servant , ‘ till he rings his bell . ’ The banker tarried for hours , when the long-expected bell rang . His name was announced . ‘ What does he want ? ’ the master was heard to ask . ‘ A personal interview . ’ ‘ Send him up . ’ The banker appeared . “ ‘ I am come , sir , to ascertain your views concerning a sum of two hundred thousand pounds placed to your account . ’ “ ‘ Does it inconvenience you ? ’ asked the philosopher . ‘ If so , transfer it elsewhere . ’ “ ‘ Inconvenience , sir ? By no means , ’ replied the banker . ‘ But pardon me for suggesting that it is too large a sum to remain unproductive . Would you not like to invest it ? ’ “ ‘ Invest it ? Eh ? Yes , if you will . Do as you like , but do n't interrupt me about such things again . I have other matters to think about . ’ ” With all his wealth it never occurred to him that others were in need , and that he might do good by benefactions . Solicited on one occasion to contribute to a charitable object , he exclaimed , “ Give , eh ! What do you want ? How much ? ” “ Give whatever you please , sir , ” said the solicitor . “ Well , then , will ten thousand pounds do ? ” On another occasion he was forced , from circumstances , to attend a christening in a church ; and , when it was intimated to him that it was customary to bestow some little present upon the attending nurse , he ran up to her , and poured into her lap a double handful of gold coins , and hastily departed . This was the only occasion on which he was known to cross the threshold of a church . Cavendish died possessed of five million dollars of property , and yet at no time had he the slightest knowledge of how much he had , and how it was invested . He despised money , and made as little use of it as possible . As regards matters of religion , he never troubled himself about them . He would never talk upon the subject , and probably never gave it a thought . All days of the week were alike to him : he was as busy on Sunday as on any other day . When asked by a friend what his views were of God , he replied , “ Do n't ask me such questions : I never think of them . ” The circumstances of Cavendish 's death are as remarkable as his career in life . “ Without premitory disease or sickness , or withdrawal from daily duties , or decadence of mental powers , or physical disability , he made up his mind that he was about to die . Closing his telescopes , putting his achromatic glasses in their several grooves , locking the doors of his laboratories , destroying the papers he deemed useless , and arranging those corrected for publication , he ascended to his sleeping-apartment and rang his bell . A servant appeared . “ ‘ Edgar , ’ said Cavendish , addressing him by name , ‘ listen ! Have I ever commanded you to do an unreasonable thing ? ’ “ The man heard the question without astonishment , for he knew his master 's eccentricities , and replied in the negative . “ ‘ And that being the case , ’ continued the old man , ‘ I believe I have a right to be obeyed . ’ “ The domestic bowed his assent . “ ‘ I shall now give you my last command , ’ Cavendish went on to say , ‘ I am going to die . I shall , upon your departure , lock my room . Here let me be alone for eight hours . Tell no one . Let no person come near . When the time has passed , come and see if I am dead . If so , let Lord George Cavendish know . This is my last command . Now , go . ’ “ The servant knew from long experience that to dispute his master 's will would be useless . He bowed , therefore , and turned to go away . “ ‘ Stay — one word ! ’ added Cavendish . ‘ Repeat exactly the order I have given . ’ “ Edgar repeated the order , promised obedience once more , and retired from the chamber . ” The servant did not keep his promise , but called to his master 's bedside Sir Everard Home , a distinguished physician . “ Sir Everard inquired if he felt ill . “ ‘ I am not ill , ’ replied Cavendish ; ‘ but I am about to die . Do n't you think a man of eighty has lived long enough ? Why am I disturbed ? I had matters to arrange . Give me a glass of water . ’ “ The glass of water was handed to him ; he drank it , turned on his back , closed his eyes , and died . “ This end of a great man , improbable as are some of the incidents narrated , is no fiction of imagination . Sir Everard Home 's statement , read before the Royal Institution , corroborates every particular . The mental constitution of the philosopher , puzzling enough during his life , was shrouded certainly in even greater mystery in his death . ” It is as a chemist that Cavendish stands preeminent . Without instructors , without companionship , in the solitary rooms of his dwelling , he meditated and experimented . The result of his researches he communicated in papers read to the Royal Society , and these are quite numerous . He was the first to demonstrate the nature of atmospheric air and also of water . He was the discoverer of nitrogen and several gaseous bodies . He did much to overthrow the phlogiston theory , which was universally accepted in his time ; and his researches upon arsenic were of the highest importance . There is scarcely any department of chemistry which he did not enrich by his discoveries . He was a close student of electrical phenomena , and made many discoveries in this department of research . He was also an astronomer and observed the heavens with his telescopes with the deepest interest . Some of his most important discoveries were unknown until after his death , as they were hidden in papers , which , for some reason , he would not publish . The life of this singular man was morally a blank , and can only be described by negations . He did not love ; he did not hate ; he did not hope ; he did not worship . He separated himself from his fellow-men and from his God . There was nothing earnest , enthusiastic , heroic , in his nature , and as little that was mean , groveling , or ignoble . He was passionless , wholly destitute of emotion . Everything that required the exercise of fancy , imagination , faith , or affection , was distasteful to Cavendish . He had a clear head for thinking , a pair of eyes for observing , hands for experimenting and recording , and these were all . His brain was a calculating engine ; his eyes , inlets of vision , not fountains of tears ; his heart , an anatomical organ necessary for the circulation of the blood . If such a man can not be loved , he can not be abhorred or despised . He was as the Almighty made him , and he served an important end in the world . Such a man manifestly would never sit for his portrait . And he never did . It was taken by Borrow the painter , unobserved by Cavendish , while at a dinner-party given for the express purpose of securing the likeness . It is now in the British Museum . Cuts of this painting are rare .— Popular Science News . THE PRAIRIE FARMER AND YOUTH 'S COMPANION ONE YEAR , $ 3 FOR THE TWO . It is not required that both papers be sent to one address , nor to the same post-office . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUB . CO ., 150 Monroe Street , Chicago . SEEDS , Etc . BUIST 'S SEEDS ARE THE BEST . WARRANTED TO GIVE SATISFACTION OR MONEY RETURNED , SPECIAL-INDUCEMENTS FOR MARKET GARDENERS . OUR VALUABLE CATALOGUE OF 192 PAGES FREE TO ALL . SEED GROWER ROBERT BUIST , JR. PHILADELPHIA , PA . FERRY 'S SEED ANNUAL FOR 1884 Will be mailed FREE TO ALL applicants and to customers of last year without ordering it . It contains illustrations , prices , descriptions and directions for planting all Vegetable and Flower Seeds , Plants , etc . INVALUABLE TO ALL . D. M . FERRY & CO. DETROIT , Mich . J . B. ROOT & CO .' S Illustration Illustr 'd Garden Manual of VEGETABLE and FLOWER SEEDS , ready for all applicants . Market Gardeners SEEDS a Specialty . Write for Wholesale Price-List , SENT FREE ROCKFORD , ILLINOIS . SEED-POTATOES and SEEDS . Illustration 60 newest varieties of potatoes . Garden seeds . Seed Grain , etc ., at lowest prices . Illustrated catalogue and treatise on POTATO CULTURE , free . J. W. WILSON , Austin , Ill . SEEDS ! PLANTS — Catalogue Free . A. E. SPALDING , AINSWORTH , IOWA . HUMOROUS THE DONKEY 'S DREAM . A donkey laid him down to sleep , And as he slept and snored full deep , He was observed ( strange sight ) to weep , As if in anguished mood . A gentle mule that lay near by , The donkey roused , and , with a sigh , In kindly voice inquired why Those tears he did exude . The donkey , while he trembled o'er And dropped cold sweat from every pore , Made answer in a fearful roar : “ I dreamed I was a dude ! ” TOM TYPO . Tom Typo was a printer good , A merry , cheerful elf ; And whatsoever care he had , He still “ composed ” himself . Where duty called him he was found Still working in his place ; But nothing tempted from his post — Which really was the “ case . ” He courted pretty Emma Grey , One of earth 's living gems — The sweetest Em , he used to say , Among a thousand “ ems . ” So “ chased ” was Emma 's love for Tom , It met admiring eyes ; She “ proved ” a “ copy ” to her sex . And wanted no “ revise . ” And Tom , he kept his “ pages ” clear And grew to be a “ type ” Of all that manhood holds most dear , When he with age was ripe . He made his last “ impression ” here While yet his heart was warm , Just in the “ nick ” closed his career , And death “ locked up his form . ” He sank into his final rest Without one sigh or moan ; His latest words — “ Above my breast Place no ‘ imposing stone . ’ ” COURTSHIP OF A VASSAR GIRL . The parents and the old relatives are chatting over their darling 's future . Meanwhile the fiances have escaped into the back parlor . Virginia — Where are you leading me to , John ? John — I wish to tell you , while others forget us , how happy I am to marry you — you , so winning , so witty , the gem of Vassar College . Virginia — Oh ! how many compliments to a poor graduate who only won the premium of rhetoric , and was second best in geometry . John — I love you , and worship you just as you are . V .— Oh , my friend , how anaphorical , and especially how epanaletical . J .— I do n't understand . V .— I mean that you repeat yourself . It is the custom of lovers to abuse of the gorgiaques figures from the very protasis and exordium . J .— I love you because you are accomplished and perfect . V .— Did I not know you , I should think that you favored asteisin and ethossoia . J . ( Somewhat abashed .) — Ah ! do you see * * * V .— Why this aposiopesis ? J .— Aposiopesis ! V .— This reticence ? J .— That is clearer . I acknowledge that the expressions you use annoy and trouble me . V .— You , on your side , speak a language stamped with schematism , while to be correct , even in making love , your language should be discursive . Allow me to tell you so frankly . J .— Anyhow , you do not doubt my love ? V .— I pardon this epitrope , but pray use less metaphor and more litotes in the prosopography you dedicate to my modest entity — J .— What will you ? Men love women ; I am a man ; therefore , I love you . V .— Your syllogism is perfect in its premises , but the conclusion is false . J .— Oh ! you are a cruel angel ! V .— I like that catachresis , but once again I repeat , I am practical , and prefer synedoche . J . [ Very much perplexed .] — Will you continue the conversation in the garden ? V .— Yes . ( They go into the garden .) Look , here is a very lovely parallelogram of green surrounded by petasites . Let us sit under those maritamboues will you ? J .— Willingly ! Ah ! here I am happy ! My heart fills with joy ; it seems to me it contains the universe . V .— You are speaking pure Spinozism . J .— When I think that you will be my wife , and I your husband ! What will be our destiny ! V .— The equation being given you are looking for the unknown quantity . Like you , I shall await the co-efficient . J . ( Who is determined to follow out his own thoughts ) — With the world of constellations above us , and nature surrounding us , admire with me those orbs sending us their pure light . Look up there at that star . V .— It is Allioth , neighbor to the polar star . They are nearing the cosmical moment , and if we remain here a few moments longer the occultation will take place . J . ( Resignedly .) — And there those thousands of stars . V .— It is the galaxy . Admire also the syzygy of those orbs . J . ( Exhausted .) — And the moon ; do you see the moon ? V .— It is at its zenith ; it will be at its nadir in fifteen days , unless there are any occultations in the movements of that satellite . J .— How happy I am ! ( They go indoors .) The owner of a soap factory , who had been complained of for maintaining a nuisance , was terribly put out at the charge and explained to the court : “ Your honor , the odors complained of can not exist ! ” “ But here are twenty complaints . ” “ Yes , but I have worked in my factory for the last fifteen years , and I 'll take my oath I can not detect any smells . ” “ As a rule , prisoner , ” replied the judge , as he sharpened his spectacles on his bootleg , “ the best noses are on the outside of soap factories . You are fined $ 25 and costs . ” Moral : Where a soap factory and a school-house are at loggerheads the school should be removed . THE PRAIRIE FARMER AND YOUTH 'S COMPANION ONE YEAR , $ 3 FOR THE TWO . It is not required that both papers be sent to one address , nor to the same post-office . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUB . CO ., 150 Monroe Street , Chicago . Illinois Central Railroad . The elegant equipment of coaches and sleepers being added to its various through routes is gaining it many friends . Its patrons fear no accidents . Its perfect track of steel , and solid road-bed , are a guarantee against them . MEDICAL . DISEASE CURED Without Medicine . A Valuable Discovery for supplying Magnetism to the Human System . Electricity and Magnetism utilized as never before for Healing the Sick . THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO .' s Magnetic Kidney Belt ! FOR MEN IS WARRANTED TO CURE Or Money Refunded . the following diseases without medicine :— Pain in the Back , Hips , Head , or Limbs , Nervous Debility , Lumbago , General Debility , Rheumatism , Paralysis , Neuralgia , Sciatica , Diseases of the Kidneys , Spinal Diseases , Torpid Liver , GOUT SEMINAL EMISSIONS , IMPOTENCY , ASTHMA , HEART DISEASE , DYSPEPSIA , CONSTIPATION , ERYSIPELAS , INDIGESTION , HERNIA OR RUPTURE , CATARRH , PILES , EPILEPSY , DUMB AGUE , ETC . When any debility of the GENERATIVE ORGANS occurs , LOST VITALITY , LACK OF NERVE FORCE AND VIGOR , WASTING WEAKNESS , and all those Diseases of a personal nature , from whatever cause , the continuous stream of Magnetism permeating through the parts , must restore them to a healthy action . There is no mistake about this appliance . TO THE LADIES :— If you are afflicted with LAME BACK , WEAKNESS OF THE SPINE , FALLING OF THE WOMB , LEUCORRHOEA , CHRONIC INFLAMMATION AND ULCERATION OF THE WOMB , INCIDENTAL HEMORRHAGE OR FLOODING , PAINFUL , SUPPRESSED , AND IRREGULAR MENSTRUATION , BARRENNESS , AND CHANGE OF LIFE , THIS IS THE BEST APPLIANCE AND CURATIVE AGENT KNOWN . For all forms of FEMALE DIFFICULTIES it is unsurpassed by anything before invented , both as a curative agent and as a source of power and vitalization . Price of either Belt with Magnetic Insoles , $ 10 , sent by express C. O. D ., and examination allowed , or by mail on receipt of price . In ordering send measure of waist , and size of shoe . Remittance can be made in currency , sent in letter at our risk . The Magneton Garments are adapted to all ages , are worn over the under-clothing ( NOT NEXT TO THE BODY LIKE THE MANY GALVANIC AND ELECTRIC HUMBUGS ADVERTISED SO EXTENSIVELY ) , and should be taken off at night . They hold their POWER FOREVER , and are worn at all seasons of the year . Send stamp for the “ New Departure in Medical treatment WITHOUT MEDICINE , ” with thousands of testimonials . THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO ., 218 State Street . Chicago , Ill . NOTE .— Send one dollar in postage stamps or currency ( in letter at our risk ) with size of shoe usually worn , and try a pair of our Magnetic Insoles , and be convinced of the power residing in our other Magnetic Appliances . Positively no cold feet when they are worn , or money refunded . SELF CURE FREE Nervous Lost Weakness Debility Manhood and Decay A favorite prescription of a noted specialist ( now retired .) Druggists can fill it . Address DR. WARD & CO ., LOUISIANA , MO . SCALES . U. S. STANDARD SCALES , MANUFACTURED EXPRESSLY FOR THE PRAIRIE FARMER Every Scale Guaranteed by the Manufacturers , and by Us , to be Perfect , and to give the Purchaser Satisfaction . The PRAIRIE FARMER Sent Two Years Free To any person ordering either size Wagon Scale at prices given below . Illustration 2-Ton Wagon or Farm Scale ( Platform 6 × 12 feet ) , $ 35 ; 3-Ton ( 7 × 13 ) , $ 45 ; 5-Ton ( 8 × 14 ) , $ 55 . Beam Box , Brass Beam , Iron Levers , Steel Bearings , and full directions for setting up . THE PRAIRIE FARMER SENT 1 YEAR FREE ! To any person ordering either of the following Scales , at prices named below . Illustration The Housekeeper 's Scale —$ 4. 00 Weighing accurately from 1 / 4 oz . to 25 lbs . This is also a valuable Scale for Offices for Weighing Mail Matter . Tin Scoop , 50c . extra ; Brass 75c . extra . Illustration The Family Scale —$ 7. 00 . Weighs from 1 / 4 oz . to 240 lbs . Small articles weighed in Scoop , large ones on Platform . Size of Platform , 10-1 / 2 × 13-1 / 2 in . Illustration The Prairie Farmer Scale —$ 10. 00 Weighs from 2 oz . to 320 lbs . Size of Platform 14 × 19 inches . A convenient Scale for Small Farmers , Dairymen , etc . Illustration Platform Scales — 4 Sizes . 400 lbs ., $ 15 ; 600 lbs ., $ 20 ; 900 lbs ., $ 24 ; 1 , 200 lbs ., $ 28 ; Wheels and Axles , $ 2 extra . In ordering , give the Price and Description given above . All Scales Boxed and Delivered at Depot in Chicago . Give full shipping directions . Send money by Draft on Chicago or New York Post Office Order or Registered Letter . Address THE PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING COMPANY , CHICAGO , ILL . MISCELLANEOUS SEEDS FOR THE GARDEN , FARM & FIELD . ESTABLISHED 1845 . Our Annual Catalogue , mailed free on application , published first of every January , contains full description and prices of RELIABLE VEGETABLE , TREE , FIELD AND FLOWER SEED , SEED GRAIN , SEED CORN , SEED POTATOES , ONION SETS , ETC ; ALSO GARDEN DRILLS , CULTIVATORS , FERTILIZERS , ETC ., with full information for growing and how to get our Seeds . Address PLANT SEED COMPANY , Nos . 812 & 814 N. 4th St ., ST. LOUIS , MO . Illustration THE STANDARD REMINGTON TYPE-WRITER is acknowledged to be the only rapid and reliable writing machine . It has no rival . These machines are used for transcribing and general correspondence in every part of the globe , doing their work in almost every language . Any young man or woman of ordinary ability , having a practical knowledge of the use of this machine may find constant and remunerative employment . All machines and supplies , furnished by us , warranted . Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded . Send for circulars . WYCKOFF , SEAMANS & BENEDICT , 38 East Madison St ., Chicago , Ill . SEEDS ALBERT DICKINSON , Dealer in Timothy , Clover , Flax , Hungarian , Millet , Red Top , Blue Grass , Lawn Grass , Orchard Grass , Bird Seeds , & c . POP CORN . Warehouses { 115 , 117 & 119 Kinzie St. { 104 , 106 , 108 & 110 Michigan St. OFFICE . 115 Kinzie St. CHICAGO , ILL . GENERAL NEWS . The State tax of Florida this year is but three mills . Hog cholera is again raging in Champaign county , Ill . A cat show is to be held in New York , beginning on the 23d inst . Ice harvesters along the Hudson river are on a strike for higher wages . The Ohio river is rapidly rising from the melting of heavy bodies of snow . Several heavy failures among grain dealers of New York occurred last week . Senator Anthony is unable to attend to the duties as President pro tem of the Senate . The glucose works at Buffalo N. Y ., have been removed to Peoria , Ill ., and Levenworth , Kansas . On Friday last one murderer was hung in Virginia , another in South Carolina , and still another in California . A very heavy snow storm prevailed in Western and Northern N. Y ., last week . It also extended to New England . The State Senate of Texas has passed a bill giving the public domain , except homesteads to actual settlers , to the public schools . There were over four thousand suicides in Paris last year , which is attributed to the tremendous pace at which the people live in France . The starch-sugar industry of the country consumes forty thousand bushels of corn per day , and the product is valued at about $ 10 , 000 , 000 per year . In attempting to slaughter a flock of prairie chickens near Fort Sill , a party of eight hunters grew so careless that three of their number were badly wounded . The employes in three of the nail-mills at Wareham , Mass ., struck , Saturday , against reducing their wages ten per cent . The nailers and puddlers of Plymouth also struck . Canada is raising a standing army of 1 , 200 men to serve for three years . The full number applied at the recruiting office in Montreal , where the quota was only one hundred . The Grand Orient of France has issued an appeal to all the lodges of freemasons in the world asking a renewal of unity between the Grand Orient and all other branches of the masonic rite . The situation in Tonquin effectually ties the hands of France . The announcement of the blocking of Canton harbor is the only important event of the week in the Franco-Chinese struggle . Dr. Tanner , the famous faster , is practicing medicine in Jamestown , N. Y . The physicians of that city have made a fruitless attempt to secure his indictment by the grand jury as an illegal practitioner . The French press are advocating an organized effort against the prohibition of the importation of American pork . The prohibition , it is estimated , will cost the French ports 100 , 000 , 000 francs , and deprive the working people , besides , of cheap and wholesome food . Articles of incorporation were filed at Springfield , Saturday , for the building of a railroad from a point within five miles of the northeast corner of Cook county to a point in Rock Island county , on the Mississippi , opposite Muscatine , Iowa . The capital is $ 3 , 000 , 000 , and among the incorporators are Joseph R. Reynolds , Edgar Terhune Holden , and Josiah Browne , of Chicago . CONGRESSIONAL . Senator Edmunds has again been chosen president pro tem of the Senate . Mr. Anthony , of Rhode Island , declares himself too ill to perform the duties of the position . On Monday nearly 500 bills were introduced into the House . The total number of bills introduced and referred since the session began , reaches nearly 4 , 000 . There are many important measures among them , while there are more that are of somewhat doubtful import , especially those which look to a still further increase of the pension appropriations . There are bills for the regulation of banks and banking ; several new bankruptcy acts ; one reducing the fees on patents as follows : The fee upon filing original application for a patent is reduced from $ 15 to $ 5 . The minimum fees for a design patent shall be $ 5 instead of $ 10 and the minimum term for which granted shall be five instead of three and a half years ; a bill to reorganize the infantry branch of the army ; for reorganizing and increasing the navy ; several to revise the tariff ; to look after the forfeiture of land grants ; to restrict importation of foreign adulterated goods ; to stamp out contagious diseases of animals ; to establish a department of commerce ; to repeal the act prohibiting ex-confederate officers from serving in the United States army ; to relieve Fitz John Porter , and hundreds of bills for the relief or benefit of individuals in different parts of the country . There are also bills for the regulation of transportation companies and for the establishment of a system of government telegraph . As yet no appropriation bills have been reported and the Ways and Means committee has but recently organized into subcommittees and has not begun the consideration of any subject . There is already business enough before this Congress to keep it in continuous session for years . MARKETS . FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL . OFFICE OF THE PRAIRIE FARMER , CHICAGO . Jan 15 , 1884 . There is an increased financial activity over last week . Bankers , on Monday , felt quite certain of a brisk week and were correspondingly cheerful . Interest rates are unchanged , being 6 and 7 per cent . Eastern exchange sold between banks at 60 @ 70c per $ 1 , 000 premium , and closed firm . There is no change in Government securities . The New York stock market was weak , and it is reported that the New York millionaires such as Gould , Vanderbilt , Sage , etc ., have suffered to the extent of several millions each by the late general shrinkage in the value of stocks . Nevertheless , it is in such times as these that the Vanderbilts of the country reap their richest harvests . They have money to buy depressed stock with , and when the wheel turns their investments again add to their wealth . The little fellows have to sacrifice all their cash and then go to the wall . Government securities are as follows : 4 's coupons , 1907 Q. Apr . 123-1 / 4 4 's reg ., 1907 Q. Apr . 123-1 / 4 4-1 / 2 's coupon , 1891 Q. Mar . 114-1 / 8 4-1 / 2 's registered , 1891 Q. Mar . 114-1 / 8 3 's registered Q. Mar . 100 GRAIN AND PROVISIONS . There was more of a speculative feeling in the Chicago grain and provision markets yesterday than for some time . There was something of a recovery from the panicky feeling of Saturday , when the bulls had complete charge of the prices , but there was no advance . FLOUR was unchanged , the article not yet feeling the uncertain condition of the wheat market . Choice to favorite white winters $ 5 25 @ 5 50 Fair to good brands of white winters 4 75 @ 5 00 Good to choice red winters 5 00 @ 5 50 Prime to choice springs 4 75 @ 5 00 Good to choice export stock , in sacks , extras 4 25 @ 4 50 Good to choice export stock , double extras 4 50 @ 4 65 Fair to good Minnesota springs 4 50 @ 4 75 Choice to fancy Minnesota springs 5 25 @ 5 75 Patent springs 6 00 @ 6 50 Low grades 2 25 @ 3 50 WHEAT .— Red winter , No . 2 , 97 @ 99c ; car lots of spring . No . 2 , sold at 89 @ 90-1 / 2c ; No . 3 , do . 84-1 / 2 @ 85c . CORN .— Moderately active . Car lots No 2 , 53 @ 53-7 / 8c ; rejected , 46-1 / 2 ; new mixed , 49c . OATS .— No . 2 in store , closed 32-1 / 2 @ 32-3 / 4 . RYE .— May , in store 58 @ 58-1 / 2 . BARLEY .— No . 2 , 59 in store ; No . 3 , 52-1 / 2c . FLAX .— Closed at $ 1 45 on track . TIMOTHY .—$ 1 28 @ 1 35 per bushel . Little doing . CLOVER .— Quiet at $ 6 15 @ 6 35 for prime . PROVISIONS .— Mess pork , February , $ 14 75 @ 14 78 per bbl ; Green hams , 9-1 / 2c per lb . Short ribs , $ 7 47-1 / 2 per cwt . LARD .— January , $ 9 20 ; February , $ 9 75 . LUMBER . Lumber unchanged . Quotations for green are as follows : Short dimension , per M $ 9 50 @ 10 00 Long dimension , per M 10 00 @ 11 50 Boards and strips , No . 2 11 00 @ 13 00 Boards and strips , medium 13 00 @ 16 00 Boards and strips , No . 1 choice 16 00 @ 20 00 Shingles , standard 2 10 @ 2 20 Shingles , choice 2 25 @ 2 30 Shingles , extra 2 40 @ 2 60 Lath 1 65 @ 1 70 COUNTRY PRODUCE . NOTE .— The quotations for the articles named in the following list are generally for commission lots of goods and from first hands . While our prices are based as near as may be on the landing or wholesale rates , allowance must be made for selections and the sorting up for store distribution . BEANS .— Hand picked mediums $ 2 00 @ 2 10 . Hand picked navies , $ 2 15 @ 2 20 . BUTTER .— Dull and without change . Choice to extra creamery , 32 @ 35c per lb . ; fair to good do 25 @ 32c ; fair to choice dairy , 23 @ 28c ; common to choice packing stock fresh and sweet , 18 @ 22c ; ladle packed 10 @ 13c ; fresh made , streaked butter , 9 @ 11c . BRAN .— Quoted at $ 11 87-1 / 2 @ 13 50 per ton ; extra choice $ 13 . BROOM-CORN — Good to choice hurl 6-1 / 2 @ 7-1 / 2c per lb ; green self-working 5 @ 6c ; red-tipped and pale do 4 @ 5c ; inside and covers 3 @ 4c ; common short corn 2-1 / 2 @ 3-1 / 2c ; crooked , and damaged , 2 @ 4c , according to quality . CHEESE .— Choice full-cream cheddars 13 @ 13-1 / 2c per lb ; medium quality do 9 @ 10c ; good to prime full cream flats 13 @ 13-3 / 4c ; skimmed cheddars 9 @ 10c ; good skimmed flats 6 @ 7c ; hard-skimmed and common stock 3 @ 4c . EGGS .— In a small way the best brands are quotable at 25 @ 26c per dozen ; 20 @ 23c for good ice house stock ; 18 @ 19c per pickled . HAY .— No 1 timothy $ 10 @ 10 50 per ton ; No 2 do $ 8 50 @ 9 50 ; mixed do $ 7 @ 8 ; upland prairie $ 8 00 @ 10 75 ; No 1 prairie $ 6 @ 7 ; No 2 do $ 4 50 @ 5 50 . Small bales sell at 25 @ 50c per ton more than large bales . HIDES AND PELTS .— Green-cured light hides 8-1 / 4c per lb ; do heavy cows 8c ; No 2 damaged green-salted hides 6c ; green-salted calf 12 @ 12-1 / 2 cents ; green-salted bull 6 c ; dry-salted hides 11 cents ; No . 2 two-thirds price ; No . 1 dry flint 14 @ 14-1 / 2c . Sheep pelts salable at 28 @ 32c for the estimated amount of wash wool on each pelt . All branded and scratched hides are discounted 15 per cent from the price of No . 1 . HOPS .— Prime to choice New York State hops 25 @ 26c per lb ; Pacific coast of 23 @ 26c ; fair to good Wisconsin 15 @ 20c . POULTRY .— Prices for good to choice dry picked and unfrozen lots are : Turkeys 13 @ 14c per lb ; chickens 9 @ 10c ; ducks 12 @ 13c ; geese 9 @ 11c . Thin , undesirable , and frozen stock 2 @ 3c per lb less than these figures ; live offerings nominal . POTATOES .— Good to choice 37 @ 40c per bu . on track ; common to fair 30 @ 35c . Illinois sweet potatoes range at $ 3 50 @ 4 per bbl for yellow . Baltimore stock at $ 2 25 @ 2 75 , and Jerseys at $ 5 . Red are dull and nominal . TALLOW AND GREASE .— No 1 country tallow 7 @ 7-1 / 4c per lb ; No 2 do 6-1 / 4 @ 6-1 / 2c . Prime white grease 6 @ 6-1 / 2c ; yellow 5-1 / 4 @ 5-3 / 4c ; brown 4-1 / 2 @ 5 . VEGETABLES .— Cabbage , $ 8 @ 12 per 100 ; celery , 25 @ 35c per doz bunches ; onions , $ 1 00 @ 1 25 per bbl for yellow , and $ 1 for red ; turnips , $ 1 35 @ 1 50 per bbl for rutabagas , and $ 1 00 for white flat . WOOL .— from store range as follows for bright wools from Wisconsin , Illinois , Michigan , Indiana , and Eastern Iowa — dark Western lots generally ranging at 1 @ 2c per lb . less . Coarse and dingy tub 25 @ 30 Good medium tub 31 @ 34 Unwashed bucks ’ fleeces 14 @ 15 Fine unwashed heavy fleeces 18 @ 22 Fine light unwashed heavy fleeces 22 @ 23 Coarse unwashed fleeces 21 @ 22 Low medium unwashed fleeces 24 @ 25 Fine medium unwashed fleeces 26 @ 27 Fine washed fleeces 32 @ 33 Coarse washed fleeces 26 @ 28 Low medium washed fleeces 30 @ 32 Fine medium washed fleeces 34 @ 35 Colorado and Territory wools range as follows : Lowest grades 14 @ 16 Low medium 18 @ 22 Medium 22 @ 26 Fine 16 @ 24 Wools from New Mexico : Lowest grades 14 @ 16 Part improved 16 @ 17 Best improved 19 @ 23 Burry from 2c to 10c off : black 2c to 5c off . LIVE STOCK MARKETS . The total receipts and shipments for last week were as follows : Received . Shipped . Cattle 38 , 913 18 , 801 Calves 216 37 Hogs 169 , 076 42 , 205 Sheep 24 , 595 14 , 225 CATTLE .— Notwithstanding a reported advance in England , cattle did not improve in prices over Saturday . Indeed , there was a decline of a few cents per hundred . The supplies were large and the quality inferior . Indeed few really fat cattle came in during the week . Eastern markets were reported as over stocked . Shippers and dressed meat operators bought rather freely of common lots . We may quote as follows : Fancy fat cattle $ 7 00 @ 7 25 Choice to prime steers 6 25 @ 6 85 Fair to good shipping steers 5 60 @ 6 20 Common to medium steers 4 65 @ 5 55 Butcher 's steers 4 50 @ 5 00 Cows and bulls , common to good 3 25 @ 4 50 Inferior cows and bulls 2 30 @ 3 20 Stockers 3 50 @ 4 50 Feeders 4 25 @ 4 75 Milch cows , per head 25 00 @ 55 00 Veal calves , per 100 lbs . 4 00 @ 7 25 HOGS. - There were fair receipts on Saturday and Monday — an aggregate of 21 , 000 head or some 7 , 000 more than for the same days last week . As city packers are at work again , the market was quite active . They bought about 15 , 000 head , and shippers took nearly all that were left . Prices advanced from 5 to 10 cents . It may be said in general that the quality of the hogs now coming in is poor . Heavy lots were sold at $ 5 15 @ 6 25 ; light hogs brought $ 5 @ 5 60 . Skips and culls $ 3 25 @ 5 . Note .— All sales of hogs are made subject to a shrinkage of 40 lbs for piggy sows and 80 lbs for stags . Dead hogs sell for 1-1 / 2c per lb for