1841 . 1884 . THE PRAIRIE FARMER PROSPECTUS FOR 1884 . SEE INDUCEMENTS OFFERED SUBSCRIBE NOW . For forty-three years THE PRAIRIE FARMER has stood at the front in agricultural journalism . It has kept pace with the progress and development of the country , holding its steady course through all these forty-three years , encouraging , counseling , and educating its thousands of readers . It has labored earnestly in the interest of all who are engaged in the rural industries of the country , and that it has labored successfully is abundantly shown by the prominence and prestige it has achieved , and the hold it has upon the agricultural classes . Its managers are conscious from comparison with other journals of its class , and from the uniform testimony of its readers , that it is foremost among the farm and home papers of the country . It will not be permitted to lose this proud position ; we shall spare no efforts to maintain its usefulness and make it indispensable to farmers , stock-raisers , feeders , dairymen , horticulturalists , gardeners , and all others engaged in rural pursuits . It will enter upon its forty-fourth year under auspices , in every point of view , more encouraging than ever before in its history . Its mission has always been , and will continue to be — To discuss the most approved practices in all agricultural and horticultural pursuits . To set forth the merits of the best breeds of domestic animals , and to elucidate the principles of correct breeding and management . To further the work of agricultural and horticultural organization . To advocate industrial education in the correct sense of the term . To lead the van in the great contest of the people against monopolies and the unjust encroachments of capital . To discuss the events and questions of the day without fear or favor . To provide information concerning the public domain , Western soil , climate , water , railroads , schools , churches , and society . To answer inquiries on all manner of subjects coming within its sphere . To furnish the latest and most important industrial news at home and abroad . To give full and reliable crop , weather , and market reports . To present the family with pure , choice , and interesting literature . To amuse and instruct the young folks . To gather and condense the general news of the day . To be , in brief , an indispensable and unexceptionable farm and home companion for the people of the whole country . The style and form of the paper are now exactly what they should be . The paper used is of superior quality . The type is bold and clear . The illustrations are superb . The departments are varied and carefully arranged . The editorial force is large and capable . The list of contributors is greatly increased , and embraces a stronger array of talent than is employed on any similar paper in this country . We challenge comparison with any agricultural journal in the land . THE PRAIRIE FARMER is designed for all sections of the country . In entering upon the campaign of 1884 , we urge all patrons and friends to continue their good works in extending the circulation of our paper . On our part we promise to leave nothing undone that it is possible for faithful , earnest work — aided by money and every needed mechanical facility — to do to make the paper in every respect still better than it has ever been before . SPECIAL NOTICE To each Subscriber who will remit us $ 2. 00 between now and February 1st , 1884 , we will mail a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER FOR ONE YEAR , AND ONE OF OUR NEW STANDARD TIME COMMERCIAL MAPS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA — showing all the Counties , Railroads , and Principal Towns up to date . This comprehensive map embraces all the country from the Pacific Coast to Eastern New Brunswick , and as far north as the parallel of 52 deg ., crossing Hudson 's Bay . British Columbia ; Manitoba , with its many new settlements ; and the line of the Canadian Pacific Railway , completed and under construction , are accurately and distinctly delineated . It extends so far south as to Include Key West and more than half of the Republic of Mexico . It is eminently adapted for home , school , and office purposes . The retail price of the Map alone is $ 2. 00 . Size , 58 × 41 inches . Scale , about sixty miles to one inch . READ THIS . ANOTHER SPECIAL OFFER . Illustration “ THE LITTLE DETECTIVE . ” WEIGHS 1 / 4 OZ . TO 25 LBS . Every housekeeper ought to have this very useful scale . The weight of article bought or sold may readily be known . Required proportions in culinary operations are accurately ascertained . We have furnished hundreds of them to subscribers , and they give entire satisfaction . During January , 1884 , to any person sending us THREE SUBSCRIBERS , at $ 2. 00 each , we will give one of these scales , and to each of the three subscribers Ropp 's Calculator , No . 1 . OUR PREMIUM LIST . Revised , extended , and properly illustrated will this week be sent to every subscriber . There must be something offered in it that every one needs or would like to have . The terms are the most liberal ever offered . All readers are hereby constituted agents to solicit subscriptions to THE PRAIRIE FARMER . If those who can not enlist in the work will hand the PREMIUM LIST to some person who will do so , they will confer a great favor upon the publishers and editors . What we all want is to double our present list before the first day of April . RENEW ! RENEW ! ! Remember that every yearly subscriber , either new or renewing , sending us $ 2 , receives a splendid new map of the United States and Canada — 58 × 41 inches — FREE . Or , if preferred , one of the books offered in another column . It is not necessary to wait until a subscription expires before renewing . WE WANT AGENTS in every locality . We offer very liberal terms and good pay . Send for sample copies and terms to agents . The Adams County ( Ill .) Fair at Camp Point will be held the first week in September . The premium list is out . The seventh annual fair at Jerseyville , Ill ., will be held commencing Tuesday , October 14 , 1884 , and continue four days , with $ 5 , 000 premiums . At the Cape of Good Hope Agricultural Society 's trials , November 11 , 1883 , the Johnston Harvester Company were 1st in the trial field , and also for the machine best adapted for the colony . The growth of the Western live stock business has stimulated parties to organize a Union Stock Yards Company at Sioux City , Iowa . The company has a capital of $ 100 , 000 . The shipping of dressed beef may become a branch of its business . One of the most popular and instructive essays at the late Wisconsin Dairymen 's Convention was entitled “ THE FARMER 'S GARDEN , ” contributed by J. M. Smith , Esq ., of Green Bay . This essay will appear , in full , in the next issue of the PRAIRIE FARMER . French papers declare that the Government crop reports for 1883 are exaggerations . If land has risen in value and stock doubled in price , the extra cost of running a farm more than makes up for it . The impost duty on all agricultural products has also alarmingly increased . Mr. Merritt , United States Consul General at London , directs attention to the falling off in the value of exports from Great Britain to the United States during the fiscal year ended September 30 , 1883 . The total value of declared exports from the various United States consular districts in Great Britain and Ireland during the year was $ 165 , 207 , 987 , a reduction from the figures for the preceding year of $ 14 , 231 , 858 . Mr. Calkins , member of Congress from Indiana , succeeded on Monday in getting a suspension of the rules and the passage of a bill providing that in any suit against an innocent purchaser of an article manufactured in violation of the patent law , if the plaintiff shall not recover twenty dollars or over , he shall recover no costs . This bill is a blow aimed at the drive-well patent agents , and others of that ilk who are perambulating the country to the annoyance of farmers . If the bill passes the Senate , and there appears no valid reason why it shall not , it will put an end to this species of robbery now so prevalent . The only general advices we have regarding winter wheat come through the extensive grain commission house of W. T. Baker & Co ., Chicago . They have private reports which indicate that the crop maintains a very high average , and , with the exception of a few points in Southern Illinois , Kentucky , and Tennessee , is doing as well as could be expected at this season of the year . In Kentucky and Tennessee the ground is quite bare of snow , but north of the Ohio river , from Kansas to Ohio , the wheat , as a general thing , is well covered . The crop , however , was generally sown late , and in many quarters fears are entertained of the final outcome . The Nebraska State Farmers ’ Alliance held a meeting at Kearney on Wednesday of last week . A platform was adopted declaring in favor of national legislation to regulate railway traffic , demanding the abolition of national banks and the substitution of Government currency , demanding a tariff for revenue only , expressing sympathy with labor , asking protection to labor organizations , recommending the abolition of convict labor , asking Congress to reclaim all unclaimed land grants and reserve the public domain for actual settlers , and opposing the acquisition of public land by foreigners . Do not forget that the Annual Farmers ’ Institute , or Agricultural Lecture Course , at the Illinois Industrial University will be held from Tuesday , January 29th , to Friday , February 1 , 1884 . Four lectures will be given each day , at 10 a. m ., 11 a. m ., 2 p. m. and 3 p. m ., by Dr. Peabody , Regent of the University , Professors Burrill , Jillson , McMurtrie , Morrow and others . The topics discussed will be : Soils — Their Origin , Physical Characteristics , Chemical Composition , Drainage , Cultivation , Fertilization ; Plants — Their Structure , Growth , Nutrition , Seeds , Movement of Sap , Development and Distribution , Economic Products . Addresses will be given in the evenings by Dr. Peabody , Governor Hamilton and others . These lectures and addresses are given as a part of the work of the College of Agriculture of the University . No fees or examinations are required . All interested are cordially invited to attend . THE COST OF COLD WINDS . Prof. Shelton , of the Kansas Agricultural College , puts the question of sheltering stock in an exceedingly pointed manner . He has lately been feeding ten steers in an experimental way . He found that for the period of ten days ending December 29 , the average gain per head was thirty-one and one-tenth pounds . The weather was warm and sunny . The steers were fed in an unbattened board shed . During the succeeding ten days , when the cold was intense almost the entire time , the same steers , fed on the same rations , and in the same shed , gained but six and six-tenths pounds per head . About a year ago the Professor fed a lot of pigs for three weeks of the coldest weather , in open yards , and found them to consume more than three times the amount of food to pound of increase than the same number of pigs in the warm basement of the barn . He has a cow kept in a bleak “ Kansas barn ” which shrinks in her milk from one-fourth to one-half after twenty-four hours of very severe weather . From all this the conclusion is what we have so often taught in these columns , though not as forcibly as the Professor teaches by his careful experiments , that you can not burn feed as fuel to support the body of an animal and at the same time have the animal stow it away in the form of muscle and fat . The fact is that our farmers throw away one-half their feed in furnishing animal heat that they might just as well save by paying a small lumber bill and expending a moderate amount of labor . GOOD WORK AT WASHINGTON . Surely the House of Representatives is getting down to solid work since the holiday vacation . Mr. Holman , for instance , found no great difficulty in getting a resolution passed declaring that in the judgment of the House all public lands heretofore granted to States and corporations in aid of the construction of railroads , so far as the same is subject to forfeiture by reason of the nonfulfillment of the conditions on which the grants were made , ought to be declared forfeited by the United States , and restored to the public domain . This was good work , but Mr. Holman 's second resolution , also passed , was fully as much in accordance with public feeling and desire . It is to the effect that our laws relating to public lands should be so framed and administered as to ultimately secure freeholds to the greatest number of citizens , and to this end all laws facilitating speculation in public lands authorizing or permitting entry or purchase in large bodies ought to be repealed , and all public lands adapted to agriculture , subject to bounty grants , and those in aid of education ought to be reserved for the benefit of actual and bona fide settlers , and disposed of only under the provisions of the homestead law . There was some opposition to this resolution . Mr. Kasson feared such a law might work injury to the cattle industry . Mr. Bedford , however , neutralized Mr. Kasson 's influence by declaring that he did not propose that four or five cattle kings should own the West as four or five railway kings own the East . It may be that our readers would like to take down the names of members who voted against the resolutions . Here they are : Barksdale , Bingham , Bisbee , George , Horr , Kean , Libbey , Lyman , Morse , Muldrow , Poland , Ranney , Reed , Rice , Russell , Stone , Van Eaton , Whiting . Now that the representatives have resolved that these things ought to be done let us see if they will stand up to the rack and attend to their part of the doing . WISCONSIN MEETINGS . Feb. 5 and 6 — The State Horticultural Society in Senate Chamber , Madison . Feb. 5 — The Wisconsin Cane-Growers Association , Madison . Prof. Wiley of the Department of Agriculture will be present . Feb. 6 , 7 , and 8 — Farmers ’ State Convention , under the auspices of the State Society , at capitol . Feb. 13 and 14 — 16th annual meeting of the Southern Wisconsin Cane-Growers ’ and Manufacturers ’ Association at Whitewater . Feb. 6 — The Wisconsin Swine Breeders will hold a meeting at the capitol , for the transaction of such business as may come before them and the discussion of subjects appertaining to successful breeding and feeding of swine . All interested in this subject are invited to attend . Answers to Correspondents . J. C. MCCONAUGHY , ROCHELLE , ILL .— 1 . How can I secure a blue-grass pasture ? 2 . How much seed to acre ? 3 . Can blue-grass be grown successfully mixed with other grasses ? 4 . What season and what soil is best adapted to secure a good catch ? 5 . Can it be grown on low , wet land ? ANSWER .— 1 . There are almost as many ways to obtain a blue-grass pasture as there are men who undertake the job , though essentially the practices are alike . The usual method is to sow the seed in the spring or fall , either alone or with clover or timothy . 2 . The seed is very light and chaffy , and weighs only fourteen pounds to the bushel , and the amount sown varies from five to seven pounds to the acre . 3 . Yes , though after a few years blue-grass , on a true blue-grass soil , roots every other grass out and reigns with a divided empire with white clover . 4 . Any good corn or wheat soil will produce good blue-grass — the usual method of obtaining a blue-grass pasture is as follows : To one bushel of good timothy seed one quart of red clover is added , and this quantity is made to cover from five to six acres . The seeding may be done in the fall with fall grain , in the spring with oats , or on stubble or wheat land on the snow in February . After , in the month of August from a peck to a half bushel of blue-grass is sown upon the young timothy and clover . But little or nothing can be seen of the blue-grass for the first year and it does not show vigorously until the third year . Thereafter if the soil is a true blue-grass one and the land is pastured , blue-grass and white clover dominate to the exclusion of everything else . Perhaps the surest way to obtain a stand of timothy and thereafter a set of blue-grass , is to prepare the land carefully and sow rye in October . On this sow timothy and red clover as above on the snow in February or March ; pasture the rye , but not too closely , to 15th of May . Harvest the rye at the usual time , and the yield will be all the better for the pasturing , and sow the blue-grass seed on the stubble in August . 5 . No , but red top will in spite of your best efforts to the contrary unless you till and thoroughly break up the land . JOHN ZIMMERMAN , CAMERON , MO .— 1 . Has setting trees on a fence line as posts for barb-wire been a success ? 2 . If so what kind of tree is the best ? 3 . Will the hardy catalpa do , if so what distance apart ? ANSWER .— 1 . Barb-wire has not been introduced and used long enough for trees set for the purpose of posts to grow to a sufficient size . But in many cases aged Osage orange hedges , which have been suffered to grow up , have been thinned out so as to leave a tree every ten , twelve , or fifteen feet , and on these barbed-wires have been strung and made a fence , which so far has proved satisfactory . The same success was obtained where fruit and shade trees standing in a line have had barbed-wire attached to them . But the precaution must be taken to nail a strip — a common fence picket will answer — to the tree and then the barb-wire to that . If this is not done , and the wire is fastened by a staple to the tree , the wood soon overgrows , cracks and increases the strain on the wire , damages the tree and spoils the fence . 2 . Almost any fast growing tree will do , but hard wood varieties are preferable . 3 . The hardy catalpa may do , but for low land we would just as soon have the common willow . Eight feet apart is a good distance . The wires may be fastened to these when they have acquired a diameter of four or five inches , and later every other post may be removed . For high and dry land in your latitude one Osage orange is worth a half-dozen catalpas , because it is just as easily grown — and when grown it furnishes the strongest and most lasting timber known . We may add here , that where a fence is wanted across sloughs , or through permanently wet or moist land , posts large enough for barbed-wire may be grown in a couple of years or so — this by cutting stakes six or seven feet long and from three to five inches in diameter from the common willow , and setting them in March . The stakes require attention the first summer , in case of dry weather or drouth , but nothing more than that the moist earth shall be pressed up against them to prevent the young roots from drying out . M. D. VINCENT , SPRINGFIELD , MO .— 1 . Can you tell me how badly oranges were frosted during the late cold spell in Florida ? 2 . Is there a record of colder weather at Charleston , S. C ., Savannah , Ga ., if so when was it ? ANSWER .— 1 . It is hard getting at the facts . One report is that neither oranges nor the trees were injured at Palatka , fifty miles south of Jacksonville , while another just as credible says the fruit was badly frozen on the trees as far south as Enterprise , 100 miles south of Jacksonville . The probabilities are , that there was a good deal of damage done to fruit on the trees , but no permanent or serious injury to the orchards . 2 . The mercury may not have been lower for 100 years at Charleston or Savannah than the late cold spell , but during the winter of 1834-35 the weather was so severe the orange trees were killed to the ground 100 miles south of Jacksonville . Snow to a foot in depth fell at Millidgeville , Ga ., Lat . 33 , and several inches over all northern Florida . Some apprehensions are felt that these southern sections are not safe from severe frosts for this winter and the next , since it is pretty well known that these extreme cold periods return about every half-century — the winters of near fifty and one hundred years ago having been made remarkable by terribly severe and protracted cold . J. H. J. WATERTOWN , WIS .— Give us the best remedy for chillblains ? ANSWER .— Tincture of iodine painted over the parts ; or 10 grains of salicylic acid extended in an ounce of half water and half alcohol . Both to be applied with great caution , and largely diluted where the skin is broken and ulcers have formed . CHARLES C. PETERS , OLNEY , ILL .— If you were about to plant an orchard on levelish , but at the same time naturally well drained land , would you advise throwing up ridges as the common custom is in some sections ? ANSWER .— It might be advantageous to throw up ridges so as to secure permanent moisture ; but the trees should be set in the depression between them instead of on the ridges . THOROUGHBRED , LEXINGTON , KY .— There is a belief or an opinion current among a class of breeders , always ready to accept and experiment with new fangled notions , that the draft breeds imported from abroad , especially the high priced French horses , are fed from birth on a more or less regular ration of bone or flesh meal . This they claim is for the purpose of developing bone and muscle . What do you know of the facts ? ANSWER .— Not much . Some of the foreign journals contain accounts of experiments in feeding soluble phosphates of lime , but no two agree on results , except that when the salt is judicially fed , no harm is done . The subject is worthy of investigation and especially by Kentucky breeders , since it would establish the claim that their soil , being especially rich in the phosphates and nitrogen , produces grain , hay , and forage of superior strength for feeding purposes , which appear again , in their high bred stock of horses , sheep , and cattle . The fourth National Agricultural Convention , under the auspices of the American Agricultural Association , will be held at the Grand Central Hotel , New York City , Wednesday and Thursday , February 6th and 7th , 1884 . Addresses will be delivered and papers read by leading thinkers and writers on topics of general interest , and all identified with agriculture and kindred pursuits are cordially invited to be present and participate in the proceedings . Delegates will be present from all sections of the country , and arrangements for reduced rates of fare are being made with the railroads leading into New York . The annual meeting for the election of officers and the transaction of other business , including the matter of a national agricultural fair , will be held at 12 m. of the first day of the Convention . Wayside Notes . BY A MAN OF THE PRAIRIE . I notice that Mr. Sanders , of the Treasury Cattle Commission , thinks it beneath the dignity of Congress to adopt retaliatory measures against France and Germany for prohibiting American pork products from entering those countries . He thinks it a far better scheme to appoint a small army of inspectors to examine all the pork before it is shipped from this country . This might be more dignified , and after a time effectual , but how shall we make France and Germany stop shipping their poisoned goods to this country ? Will they be equally “ dignified ” and appoint inspectors on their side that will be satisfactory to our people . Probably they would after a few months of prohibition ; never before . Dignity is a good thing , but protection to the health and wealth of the people is better . Besides , Government inspectors are expensive luxuries , and by no means always efficient . A fat Government appointment is a nice thing — for the appointee , as Mr. Sanders is aware , but it is not profitable to the tax-payers of the country to multiply them too extensively . In my opinion the easiest way out of the muddle is to strike back and to hit where it will hurt worst . Clinton Babbitt , Secretary of the Wisconsin State Agricultural Society , is reported to have said at the late meeting of the State Dairymen 's Association that he had a very poor opinion of editors . In fact , that he held them in about the same esteem as Ben Butler does . Now I do n't suppose it makes an iota of difference to any editor under the sun what Butler or Babbitt think of him ; what Ben and Clint need to look out for is what the editors think of them . Big Ben got an inkling of this a few weeks ago ; Little Clint 's turn may come next . For some time I have been noticing the advanced style of writing in the two or three “ Down East ” agricultural papers that come under my notice . They bear evidences of “ culcha ” that are truly encouraging , but here is a case that is actually exhilarating , or would be were it not somewhat bewildering . It is from an article about the Jersey Lily , Mrs. Langtry : “ Who ever vocalized such a word with a more complex intonation , or with a more marvellously intimate union with a more inextricably intertwined relationship to the most exquisite sensibilities that accompany and mark the infinite flights and reachings of the soul , as within its human casement it burns with fire divine ? ” Now , I call that decidedly fine , and were I the owner of a whole herd of Jerseys I should endeavor to engage this genius to write them up for me . At any rate I think he should be brought West to help on the Jersey boom . I sent the editors of THE PRAIRIE FARMER , the other day , from Springfield , where I was paying a flying visit to the agricultural rooms , a copy of the Reynolds argument for a change in the awarding of sweepstakes prizes on cattle . Mr. R. applied it to the Fat Stock Show alone , and I believe the State Board adopted the suggestions . But for the life of me I can not see why the principle is not equally applicable to the State Fair premiums , and indeed to similar exhibits at all our fairs . Next year I hope the State Board will extend the innovation to the State Fair , and from this it may be it will extend to similar organizations of lesser magnitude . I notice that the National Academy of Sciences have decided that glucose is not injurious to health . Well , this is good news , at any rate , but it does not follow that manufacturers and merchants have the right to mix it with cane sugar or sell it to us for genuine cane sirups , or real honey , or pure sugar candy , or in any of the other ways in which we are made to pay two or three times what it is really worth . It does not do away with the great need of a rigorous food adulteration act , though there is great satisfaction in knowing that when we eat it we are not taking in a mild death-dealing potion . But , come to think of it , there are other great scientists in the country besides those composing the National Academy . Some of them have decided in a contrary manner . Is it not best to have the question decided by a majority vote of reputable chemists , and then stick to the good old things , whichever way the decision may be ? On principle I do n't object to suine , oleo , or any of the objectionable articles . All I want is to know when I am buying , and paying for them in real genuine dollars . Bogus dollars are every whit as respectable as bogus butter or bogus honey , though the law makes it a little unhealthy to use them with any degree of liberality . Letter from Champaign . A light rain yesterday ( the 18th ) was the first for five weeks , and the first sign of a January thaw we have had . But it began to snow at dark , continued lightly all night , and has been snowing , blowing , and drifting to-day up to this hour , 2 P. M. Coming soft at first , that part of it will lay where it fell , and the uncovered portion of the wheat has got a new blanket , which we hope will out-last January . We have had but one so long uninterrupted spell of sleighing for these many years , and that was in the winter of ‘ 78 - ‘ 79 . With the exception of the few very cold days before and after the 5th , the month has been quite favorable for stock and all the labors of the farm . The damage done by the cold wave of January 4th to 7th is believed to be greater than first reported . Growers tell me that Snyder blackberries are killed down to the frost line , which proves it is not iron-clad , as some believe . Accounts from the Cobden fruit region are of the gloomiest character , everything being given up for lost but the strawberries . The Fruit-Grower says they will have to rely on them and their truck patches this year , and advises an extension of early potatoes , tomatoes , and Japan melons . According to local records at Anna , there has been nothing like it since the first week in January , 1864 ; and the estimate of the damage done in ‘ 84 is computed from what followed in ‘ 64 , rather than from what is absolutely known . Let us hope that they are mistaken , and that the Cobden fruit region will sustain its well-earned character as the source of a perennial fruit supply . It appears the cold wave did not reach its minimum in Central Florida , lat . 27 , till the night of the 9th , ice having been found on the morning of the 10th , near Enterprise , three-fourths of an inch thick . Oranges on the trees were frozen through , and the leaves killed so they will drop . But though here and there a branch may be frosted and will die and have to be removed , little permanent damage to the groves has probably resulted . Central Florida is distant , as the crow flies , from Central Illinois , about one thousand miles . Suppose the cold wave moved steadily southwest , it follows , then , its rate of speed was not far from 200 miles every twenty-four hours . It is easy to comprehend how a complete signal service might warn of the approach of cold waves in time to take every necessary precaution to meet and disarm them . But as much of a stinger as the late cold turn was , it was a mere cool breeze compared with that which fell on Florida and the entire Southwest in the winter of 1834-35 . Then snow covered all Northern Florida , and in Central Georgia it lay on the ground some days , a foot deep . The young orange trees were all killed to the ground , and few of the aged trees escaped without the loss of most of their branches . But they soon recovered — sprouting from the roots and stumps with great vigor , as they will again do after the late freeze . And this is one of the strong points of the orange . It will sprout from the stump or root when the trunk is removed , as surely as the young hickory or chestnut , and when transplanted young and trees of considerable size , will bear mutilation with about as much indifference as the Osage orange or soft maple . Those who expect Congress to do anything that will hurt German and French importers , by way of retaliation for prohibiting pork and pork products , will be pretty sure to be disappointed . Senator Williams is responsible for the statement that the reason why agriculture is treated with so much contempt , is it sustains no lobby . But you may be sure the importers will not fail in that respect , as millions will be spent to prevent legislation which will seriously interfere with the enormous profits of the foreign importing houses in New York . Perhaps Senator Williams will inform us what it will cost to keep up a well appointed lobby in Washington , and how much the average one-horse lawyers in Congress expect , in money down , in the way of a retainer . Huntington could tell , and so could Jay Gould ; but both are silenced for the present , and Villard too . “ Put your thumb down there . ” That the trees on low lands which bore big crops in 1874-75 , are just the trees which bore crops equally in ‘ 83 , and the very trees also which have made the most vigorous growth both previously and last year . The whole matter is a question of nutrition . B. F. J . REMEMBER that $ 2. 00 pays for THE PRAIRIE FARMER from this date to January 1 , 1885 ; For $ 2. 00 you get it for one year and a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER COUNTY MAP OF THE UNITED STATES , FREE ! This is the most liberal offer ever made by any first-class weekly agricultural paper in this country . Illustration POULTRY NOTES . Poultry-Raisers , Write for Your Paper . Chicken Chat . Somebody says that “ Plymouth Rock pullets are not always early layers , for they often grow for ten or twelve months before laying , though some lay as early as six months after hatching . ” Well that 's news to us , and we have kept Plymouth Rocks quite a while , too . We have had Rock pullets commence laying at six months , and once we had a few that did n't do a thing toward earning their own living till they were almost eight months old ; but seven months is nearer the average , and that is what we count on when selecting the pullets that are to be kept for winter layers . The pullets that are hatched from the first of March up to the first of May , commence laying all along from the middle of September to the first of December . Pullets that we want to commence laying in February , are selected from those hatched in July . It would really be very gratifying to me if the people who know no more about the Plymouth Rocks than they do about the fate of Charlie Ross , would keep their twaddle out of print . One of my correspondents is very anxious to know if the Langshans are the “ coming fowls . ” Hardly . Fanciers who have tried them pronounce them the “ best birds that were ever imported from China , ” which is pretty high praise , but all the same they are not popular with farmers . They will never hold the place that the Plymouth Rocks hold . Since you wish to buy fowls of the breeds for which there will be the greatest demand next season , I should advise you get Plymouth Rocks and Wyandottes . These , in addition to the Light Brahmas and Brown Leghorns that you already have , will give you the four breeds that are the most popular , and if you have good stock , and let people know that you have eggs to sell for hatching , you will probably have orders for all the eggs that you will care to sell . Another correspondent wants to know the meaning of the word “ strain , ” as applied to fowls , and I do n't wonder that he asks the question , for the word is used “ promiscuous like ” by every tyro in poultry breeding . When any poultry-raiser has bred fowls of any breed long enough to fix his notion of what constitutes a standard fowl of that breed upon them permanently , he may claim a “ strain . ” For instance : Smith believes that the Light Brahmas should have very short legs , and he breeds for short legs until they are permanently fixed , and everybody who knows anything about Light Brahmas knows one of Smith 's short-legged Brahmas at sight ; then , but not before , Smith may claim a strain of his own , and it is proper for others to speak of “ Smith 's strain ” of Light Brahmas . But Johnson , who buys of Smith , or of some one who has Light Brahmas of Smith 's strain , this year , should not next year talk about “ my own strain ” of Light Brahmas . It takes years of steady , judicious breeding after a certain type to establish what may truthfully be called a strain , and it can only be done by breeders of rare skill and long experience in mating fowls for breeding . FANNY FIELD . Chicken Houses . I often read inquiries about the best plan for building hen houses . My plan is , for 100 fowls , to build a house for them to roost in , eight or even ten feet wide and sixteen feet long , one story high with tight floor of yellow pine flooring . I prefer a tight floor because it is easily cleaned out , and every time it is cleaned out and swept the floor should be well covered with slaked lime ; one cleaning a week is often enough . A building of the same size should be built with a dirt floor , or close one , as preferred , about ten or fifteen feet from the roosting house for the hens to lay and sit in . A petition may be made of laths dividing the house into two compartments , the front arranged for the laying hens and the back compartments for sitting hens ; then the laying hens will not disturb the sitting hens . A closed passway should be made , say one and one half or two feet square leading from the roosting house to the laying house with a sliding door at each end to be used at pleasure . As it often happens in cold , snowy weather in winter it is not desirable to let the fowls out , then the slides at each end of the passway can be opened and feed and water placed in the laying house ( because the floor in that house will always be cleanest ) , and all the fowls will soon learn to go in there to eat and drink , and lay if they want to . It is , I think , bad policy to force fowls to roost , lay , and sit all in the same room . The boxes that contain the nests should be made so that they can be at any time taken out and the nests turned out in a pile , set on fire and the boxes held over the fire to kill any lice that may be sticking to them . B. F. C. HIKE 'S POINT , KY . A person signing himself a “ Nobleman 's Gardener , ” says in an English paper that it is a mistake to use poultry manure as a top-dressing for garden crops ; for farm crops also , if the poultry and pigeon dung were in any considerable bulk . This , however , is not usually the case , and a hundred weight or two would not make much of an impression on a farm . The manure in question is a powerful fertilizer , containing ammonia , phosphates , and carbonate of lime in considerable quantity , also uric acid , all of which are valuable ingredients for the support of crops . The simplest method of preparing the manure for use is to partially dry it , then mix it with perfectly dry sifted soil or ashes in sufficient quantity that will enable the entire mixture to be rubbed through a half-inch sieve . A man can do this comfortably with the hand inclosed in a thick leather glove . In this finely powdered state it can be stored in a dry shed till wanted for use . It is an excellent top-dressing for onions , strawberries , and , in fact , for all vegetable crops that need assistance , also for fruit trees and lawns . It is best applied in showery weather in the spring — for lawns at the rate of two ounces , vegetable crops and strawberries three ounces , and fruit trees four ounces per square yard . If in very large bulk and needed for use in fields it would scarcely be necessary to pulverize it , as mixing it with dry soil , etc ., and turning the heap over a few times would suffice for its ready application . The strength of the donkey mind lies in adopting a course inversely as the arguments urged , which , well considered , requires as great a mental force as the direct sequence . MISCELLANEOUS . Cheapest Farms for Sale in Illinois . BEST FRUIT REGION IN THE STATE . Send for my List of Farms and timbered Lands for sale . DEWITT C. SMITH , Land Agent . Stone Fort , Saline Co ., Illinois . When you write mention THE PRAIRIE FARMER . MARKET GARDENERS , AND ALL OTHERS who want the BEST Cabbage , Onion , Beet , Carrot , Parsnip , Cucumber , Tomato , and other Seeds , DIRECT FROM THE FARM , at the LOWEST PRICES , can now get them at wholesale rates . Catalogue , with directions for cultivation , FREE . Address JOSEPH HARRIS , Moreton Farm , Rochester , N. Y . Seeds for the Children , 25 per cent discount . If you do not want the Catalogue , let the Children send for it , and send at once , as this advertisement will not be repeated . When you write mention THE PRAIRIE FARMER . BLUE STEM SPRING WHEAT !! ! The best variety of Prairie Wheat known . Yields largely and is less liable to blight than any other variety . Also celebrated Judson Oats for sale in small lots . Samples , statement of yield , and prices sent free upon application to SAMPSON & FRENCH . Woodstock , Pipestone Co ., Minn ., or Storm Lake , Ia . When you write mention THE PRAIRIE FARMER . EUROPE EDUCATIONAL EXCURSIONS 1884 COMBINING UNEQUALLED ADVANTAGES . Send for Descriptive Circular , Free . Register early . E. TOURJEE , FRANKLIN SQ ., BOSTON . When you write mention THE PRAIRIE FARMER . FOR SALE — One-half interest in a thoroughly equipped CREAMERY located in one of the best dairy districts of Wis . J. G. SNYDER & SON ., Mt . Hope , Wis . When you write mention THE PRAIRIE FARMER . CUT THIS OUT & Return to us with TEN CTS . & you 'll get by mail A GOLDEN BOX OF GOODS that will bring you in MORE MONEY , in One Month , than anything else in America . Absolute Certainty . Need no capital . M. Young , 173 Greenwich St. N. York . FARM IMPLEMENTS . Etc . THE “ NEW ” BIRDSELL CLOVER HULLER . MONITOR JUNIOR SAVES all the Seed , CLEANS Ready for Market as Threshed . THE BIRDSELL COMBINATION SPRING WAGON . Besides manufacturing the “ NEW ” BIRDSELL Clover Huller , for which we have the sole right , we make a specialty of HALF PLATFORM and THREE-SPRING WAGONS . Send for illustrated Catalogue and prices . Address BIRDSELL MANF'G CO. SOUTH BEND INDIANA . —> When you write , please mention this paper . <— SEED CORN FOR SALE . A large quantity of first-class , selected Iowa seed corn , in large or small quantities . Address MITCHELL , VINCENT . Onawa , Iowa . Please state you saw ad in this paper . Illustration THE STANDARD REMINGTON TYPE-WRITER is acknowledged to be the only rapid and reliable writing machine . It has no rival . These machines are used for transcribing and general correspondence in every part of the globe , doing their work in almost every language . Any young man or woman of ordinary ability , having a practical knowledge of the use of this machine may find constant and remunerative employment . All machines and supplies , furnished by us , warranted . Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded . Send for circulars . WYCKOFF , SEAMANS & BENEDICT , 38 East Madison St ., Chicago , Ill . SEEDS ALBERT DICKINSON , Dealer in Timothy , Clover , Flax , Hungarian , Millet , Red Top , Blue Grass , Lawn Grass , Orchard Grass , Bird Seeds , & c . POP CORN . Warehouses { 115 , 117 & 119 Kinzie St. { 104 , 106 , 108 & 110 Michigan St. OFFICE . 115 Kinzie St. CHICAGO , ILL . FAY GRAPES CURRANT HEADQUARTERS ALL BEST NEW AND OLD . SMALL FRUITS AND TREES . LOW TO DEALERS AND PLANTERS . STOCK First-Class . Free Catalogues . GEO . S. JOSSELYN , Fredonia , N. Y . —> A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME ! This Offer Holds GOOD UNTIL MARCH 10th ONLY . $ 40 , 000 IN PRESENTS , GIVEN AWAY . NO BLANKS ! every Subscriber gets a Present . The proprietors of the well-known and popular weekly paper , THE GOLDEN ARGOSY , being desirous of introducing their paper into every home where it is not now taken , have organized a stock company with an AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF $ 200 , 000 for the purpose of pushing the Argosy extensively , and have decided to give away to all who subscribe before March 10 , 1884 , $ 40 , 000 in presents . READ OUR GREAT OFFER . FOR ONLY FIFTY CENTS We will enter your name on our subscription books and mail THE GOLDEN ARGOSY regularly for three months , ( thirteen numbers ) , and immediately send a printed numbered receipt , which will entitle the holder to one of the following magnificent presents . PARTIAL LIST OF PRESENTS TO BE GIVEN AWAY : 5 Cash Presents of $ 1 , 000 each $ 5 , 000 5 Cash Presents of $ 500 each 2 , 500 10 Cash Presents of $ 200 each 2 , 000 10 Cash Presents of $ 100 each 1 , 000 10 Cash Presents of $ 50 each 500 3 Elegant Upright Pianos , $ 300 each 900 5 Elegant Cabinet Organs , $ 100 each 500 25 Sewing Machines , $ 30 each 750 20 Gents ’ Solid Gold Watches , $ 40 ea . 800 30 Ladies ’ Solid Gold Watches , $ 25 ea . 750 20 Beautiful Diamond Rings , $ 30 ea .. 600 20 Gents ’ Solid Silver Watches , $ 15 ea . 300 25 Ladies ’ Chatelaine Watches , $ 10 ea . 250 30 Boys ’ Silver Watches , $ 10 each 300 100 Waterbury Watches , $ 3. 50 each 350 20 Gents ’ Solid Gold Chains , $ 20 each 400 20 Ladies ’ Gold Neck Chains , $ 15 each 300 20 Solid Gold Bracelets , $ 15 each 300 10 Elegant Bicycles , $ 85 each 850 5 Silver Tea Sets , $ 100 each 500 5 Sets Parlor Furniture , $ 100 each 500 10 Elegant Boys ’ Suits , to order , $ 20 200 10 Girls ’ Outside Garments , $ 15 each 150 50 Gold Pens and Holders , $ 2 each 100 500 Extension Gold Pencils , $ 1 each 500 500 Pair Nickel-Plated Skates , $ 2 each . 1 , 000 500 Large Photograph Albums , $ 2 each 1 , 000 500 Pair Roller Skates , $ 2 each 1 , 000 500 Two-Dollar Greenbacks 1 , 000 500 One-Dollar Greenbacks 500 500 Magic Lanterns , $ 1 each 500 500 Boys ’ Pocket Knives , $ 1 each 500 500 Ladies ’ Pocket Knives , $ 1 each 500 1000 Oil Pictures , $ 1 each 1 , 000 500 Solid Gold Rings , $ 2 each 1 , 000 1000 Autograph Albums , $ 1 each 1 , 000 AND 92 , 532 OTHER USEFUL AND VALUABLE PRESENTS RANGING IN VALUE FROM TWENTY-FIVE CENTS TO ONE DOLLAR , making a grand total of 100 , 000 presents to be given to the first one hundred thousand subscribers received . EVERY ONE GETS A PRESENT . All of the above presents will be awarded in a FAIR AND IMPARTIAL MANNER by a committee chosen by the subscribers . Among the last 92 , 532 presents are 50 , 000 of one article , which we manufacture and own the patent , and that retails at One Dollar the world over and never sold for less ; it is something needed in every home , AND IS WELL WORTH FIVE DOLLARS IN ANY FAMILY ; millions have been sold at One Dollar each . Being owners and manufacturers we can afford to give 50 , 000 to our subscribers , believing that you will be so well pleased that you will always be patrons of the ARGOSY ;— besides all this you have a chance to get one of the most valuable presents offered in our list . THE AWARD OF PRESENTS WILL POSITIVELY TAKE PLACE MARCH 10 , ‘ 84 . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY IS A WEEKLY PAPER for the FATHER , the MOTHER , the BOYS , and the GIRLS . It is the most BEAUTIFUL , USEFUL , ENTERTAINING , INSTRUCTIVE , AND POPULAR WEEKLY published . It has the best corps of FIRST-CLASS AUTHORS in the United States , including such as HORATIO ALGER JR ., EDWARD S. ELLIS , OLIVER OPTIC , HARRY CASTLEMON , FRANK H. CONVERSE , REV . EDWARD EVERETT HALE , and a host of others too numerous to mention . It is BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED , and its reading matter is all original from the pens of noted authors . Its regular subscription price is 50 CENTS FOR THREE MONTHS ; $ 1. 00 FOR SIX MONTHS ; $ 1. 75 FOR TWELVE MONTHS ; without present or premium ; but in order to secure 100 , 000 subscribers at once we make the FOLLOWING LIBERAL OFFER . FOR 50 CENTS we will send you THE GOLDEN ARGOSY , weekly , for three months and one numbered receipt , good for one present . FOR $ 1 we will send THE GOLDEN ARGOSY , weekly , SIX MONTHS , and TWO numbered receipts good for TWO PRESENTS . FOR $ 1. 75 we will send THE GOLDEN ARGOSY , weekly , for ONE YEAR and FOUR numbered receipts , good for FOUR PRESENTS . A FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO YOU . If you will CUT THIS ADVERTISEMENT OUT and show it to your FRIENDS , ACQUAINTANCES AND NEIGHBORS , and get five to subscribe for three months , and send us $ 2. 50 , we will send you your subscription free , and one numbered receipt ; get ten to subscribe and we will send you TWO numbered receipts and THE ARGOSY for six months ; get twenty to subscribe for three months and we will send you the ARGOSY ONE YEAR , and FOUR numbered receipts , good for FOUR PRESENTS . A few hours ’ work will give you A SUBSCRIPTION FREE and a CHANCE TO WIN ONE OF THE MOST VALUABLE PRESENTS . SAMPLE COPIES FREE . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is a well ESTABLISHED weekly paper and is backed by HALF A MILLION DOLLARS CAPITAL , so that every subscriber may be sure of GETTING JUST WHAT WE PROMISE . LIST OF THE AWARDS will be forwarded to all subscribers immediately after Mar . 10th . HOW TO SEND MONEY . Send small sums , from 50 cents to one or two dollars by POSTAL NOTE , cash or stamps ; larger sums should be sent by REGISTERED MAIL OR POST OFFICE ORDER . Address all orders to THE ARGOSY PUBLISHING CO ., 81 WARREN STREET , NEW YORK . REMEMBER , THE ABOVE PRESENTS ARE GIVEN ABSOLUTELY FREE TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS . CUT THIS OUT AND SHOW IT TO YOUR FRIENDS , NEIGHBORS AND ACQUAINTANCES . —> IT WILL NOT APPEAR AGAIN . <— AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE . WHAT SUBSCRIBERS SAY . I cannot SPEAK TOO HIGHLY of the ARGOSY , my boys think they could never do without it . Mrs. M. E. AXTELL , West Richfield , Ohio . THE ARGOSY has been SO GOOD this year I MUST HAVE it another ; enclosed is $ 1. 75 . DAN . W. HUNTINGTON , Boston . I LIKE THE ARGOSY VERY MUCH , and think it GREATLY IN ADVANCE of the usual style of papers for the young — THE BOYS LIKE IT . Mrs. AGNES S. ARMSTRONG . Ephraim , Utah Ter . I have taken a number of papers , but I NEVER HAD ONE I LIKE AS WELL as THE ARGOSY . To sit before the fire these cold evenings and read it IS THE BEST ENJOYMENT I KNOW OF . To-night I am reading my old papers over again . W. S. KNOWLTON , Portland , Me . I should take the ARGOSY another year IF I HAD TO SIT UP NIGHTS TO EARN THE MONEY TO PAY FOR IT : enclosed is $ 1. 75 . ED . L. PEMBERTON , Ansonia , Conn . I am SO DEEPLY INTERESTED in the ARGOSY I SHOULD BE LOST WITHOUT IT ; please extend my subscription another year . WINNIE S. MOORE , Audubon , Ia . I have been a reader of the ARGOSY the last year , and CANNOT NOW DO WITHOUT IT , LET IT COST WHAT IT WILL . D. E. BROTHWELL , Wakefield , Kan . THE ARGOSY is the VERY BEST PAPER of the kind published . I WOULD NOT DO WITHOUT IT FOR TWICE $ 1. 75 . FRANK G. JOHNSON , Painesville , O . I prize the ARGOSY ABOVE ALL YOUTH 'S PAPERS . Its high moral tone and instructive reading is sure to leave a LASTING IMPRESSION WITH ITS READERS . Mrs. IDA AUSTIN , Fort Halleck , Wy . The character of the ARGOSY COMMENDS ITSELF TO ALL . WM S. CLARK , Washington , D. C . I have read the Golden Days , Youth 's Companion , and Wide-Awake , for boys and girls , BUT GIVE ME THE ARGOSY ; I WOULD NOT GIVE IT FOR ANY OTHER PAPER I EVER SAW . A . B. WILLIS , Brooklyn , Ill . NOTICES FROM THE PRESS . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is handsomely printed on tinted paper , and is freighted with reading matter that can be safely placed in the hands of our youth .— Herald , Norristown , Pa . It is SPARKLING and PURE , interesting and HIGH-TONED . The best authors in America contribute to its columns .— Journal , Lewistown , Me . Parents and guardians who would place fascinating as well as instructive , reading before their children , WOULD DO WELL TO SUBSCRIBE TO IT .— Church Union , N. Y . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY has ECLIPSED , in EVERY respect , its older but less enterprising contemporaries .— Daily Transcript , Peoria , Ill . Full of LIFE and VIM , it commends itself to those desiring to be entertained and instructed . The illustrations are SUPERB . We commend it to the reading public .— Vanity Fair , San Francisco , Cal . It has taken a LEADING PLACE among the best papers of its class . The publisher EVIDENTLY UNDERSTANDS boys ’ tastes .— Times , Indianapolis , Ind . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is a BRIGHT , SPARKLING paper for boys and girls ; NEITHER SENSATIONAL ON THE ONE HAND NOR DULL ON THE OTHER .— Press , Philadelphia , Pa . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is a youths ’ paper , and CONTAINS MORE INTERESTING READING MATTER than any other similar publication in the country .— Telegraph , Dubuque , Iowa . IT IS A FIRST-CLASS PAPER , FULLY EQUALLING THE Youth 's Companion , and , being once introduced into the home , will be sure to remain .— Herald , Camden , Me . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is AS FAR REMOVED FROM THE PROSY INANITY OF SUNDAY-SCHOOL LITERATURE AS IT IS FROM THE DEMORALIZING SENSATIONALISM OF THE HALF-DIME DREADFULS .— N . Y . World . THE GOLDEN ARGOSY is not only BEAUTIFUL IN APPEARANCE , but every way COMMENDABLE IN the CHARACTER OF ITS CONTENTS . IT IS ONE OF THE FEW PAPERS for young people that JUDICIOUS FATHERS AND MOTHERS care to put in the hands of their children .— Detroit Free Press . REMEMBER that $ 2. 00 pays for THE PRAIRIE FARMER from this date to January 1 , 1885 ; For $ 2. 00 you get it for one year and a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER COUNTY MAP OF THE UNITED STATES , FREE ! This is the most liberal offer ever made by any first-class weekly agricultural paper in this country . FORESTRY . Henry Stuart writes the New York Times : A wise and careful system of agriculture might have left our fields still fertile and productive , so an economical use of the forests might have made them a perennial source of wealth . Fortunately the injury is not beyond a remedy , for it is easier to restore a growth of timber than it is to bring back fertility to a barren soil . It is easy to care for what is left and to replant and renew the growth , and even to do this better and more quickly and with more and quicker profit than nature has done it . It is easy , too , by a wise and practical use of the forests that are left , to so husband them as to take regular harvests from them as the farmer regularly harvests his fields or selects the fatlings from his flocks . He does not gather in all these at one fell swoop , taking the fat and the lean and the young and the old , as the fisherman gathers all into his nets , and as the lumberman has felled the woods , but he selects those that are ripe and carefully rears the rest until they are ready . Had the timber been culled in this way from the forests year by year there would have been a periodical harvest , and as the mature trees were cut out a new growth would spring up . But , on the contrary , as in the old fable , the goose has been killed for its golden eggs , and the source of a lasting profit has been recklessly sacrificed . Fortunately the land is left , and can be put to its proper use as soon as it can be controlled . And still fortunately , by a wise administration , the forests may be made a profitable source of public income , instead of , as heretofore , the prey of the spoilers . It is useless to complain of past mistakes . They have been , as we have pointed out , mere incidents of our system , and possibly unavoidable . But the time has come when the system must be changed , and the necessity for a change has become so apparent that it can not be long delayed . It is not only the commerce of the country that must suffer by a continuance of the system , but agriculture suffers still more ; and it is not only the public who will gain by a change , but the example will be followed by the farmers , who will doubtless soon learn to take care of their own timber lands and plant more , and so the benefit will be general . Besides , the farmers will not be long in discovering the profit in growing timber , and would plant groves as one of the most profitable crops that could be grown upon their rougher lands , or as a resting and restorative crop for their worn soil . Before the New York Academy of Science a few days ago , Professor Albert R. Leeds gave some “ facts gathered from eight years of personal inspection as to the alleged destruction of the Adirondack forests . ” He said that a rapid course of spoilation was going on in the outskirts of the forest , and the effect of it would soon be felt in the flow of the Hudson . The impression that the Adirondacks were pine-producing was a false one . Pine trees were seldom seen and the mountains were covered with spruce and hemlock . But the spruces , owing to a disease which attacked them a few years ago , are rapidly dying off . On the Ausable river and along the shores of Lake Champlain the destruction of the forest is especially great . Persons living about the forest start fires in the woodland which spread rapidly and are more destructive to the trees than the lumbermen . Professor Leeds thought that the railways which are making their way through the forests would be an important element in their destruction , for the sparks of the locomotives would originate forest fires . He said that the purchase of the forests by the State might not require so great an expenditure of money as was anticipated . In closing an article on “ Forestry and Farming , ” the Germantown Telegraph maintains that the idea that farmers and land-owners generally entertain that they may not live to enjoy the advantages of the tree-planting , should be utterly banished from their minds . It will require only about twenty years to realize the most liberal hopes of success ; at least it will add to the value of the farm by the fact that the amount of timber is to be increased instead of diminished . We all know how anxious every purchaser of a tract of land is to know whether there is any and how much timber upon a farm offered for sale . In fact , there is no greater mistake made than to cut down the wood upon a farm when purchased , with a view to meet the second payment ; and this mistake is invariably brought home to everyone in a few years . It is like taking the life-blood out of the land . SCIENTIFIC . Official Weather Wisdom . Almost from its invention the barometer has been vaunted an indicator of impending weather , and now we are in possession of numberless rules for interpreting its indications , mostly of a vague and indefinite purport , few , if any , pretending to accuracy and certainty . As mankind are always desirous of attaining weather wisdom , these rules have tended to give the barometer its widely recognized reputation , rather than any really infallible principles , clearly formulated . With no other philosophical instrument have people so deluded themselves as with the barometer . Meteorology having become almost an official monopoly , the officials seem to have made the readiest and largest amount of reputation out of the barometer as a weather glass ; for all that they have had to do is to compile rules from a number of authors , without any necessity of acknowledgment , print as much as they please at the Government expense , give it away freely , and the notoriety of authorship is secured easily and expeditiously . Thus the British nation has been officially supplied with about eighteen different editions of the Barometer Manual , widely differing from each other according to the views of the authors ; for although the book remains the self-styled authors change , much the same as with the Cambridge books on mathematics . A study of the edition , “ Coast or Fishery Barometer Manual , ” teaches that the barometer foretells coming weather ; that it does not always foretell coming weather ; that only few are able to understand much about what it does tell us ; that it may be used by ordinary persons without difficulty ; that its indications are sometimes erroneous : that any one observing it once a day may be always weatherwise ; that its warnings do not apply always to the locality of the instrument ; that storms frequently occur without its giving any warning ; that barometer depressions happen with and without gales ; and similar ambiguous or contradictory assertions ad nauseam . It is perfectly astounding to contemplate that official authority sanctions such inconsistent teaching , and moreover disseminates it far and wide , forcing its circulation by giving it away gratuitously on humane and eleemosynary grounds . Where only such confusing advice and direction can be given is it becoming to stamp it as official ? it is lamentable inconsiderateness to expect fishermen to be able to dodge the weather by such guidance ; and it is time to stop this easily concocted nostrum for notoriety ; for it is vague and inconclusive in every precept , and has scarcely an assertion which is not contradicted by some other .— Engineering . A Remarkable Electrical Discovery . The London Times of recent date states that a new electrical contrivance has been perfected by Mr. A. St. George , the inventor of the telephone which bears his name . This invention , which is really supplemental to the telephone , will enable every description of conversation carried on through the instrument to be not only recorded but reproduced at any future time . Briefly stated , Mr. St. George 's invention may be thus described : A circular plate of glass is coated with collodion and made sensitive as a photographic plate . This is placed in a dark box , in which is a slit to admit a ray of light . In front of the glass is a telephone diaphragm , which , by its vibrations , opens and closes a small shutter through which a beam of light is constantly passing and imprinting a dark line on the glass . Vibrations of the shutter cause the dark line to vary in thickness according to the tones of the voice . The glass plate is revolved by clock work , and the conversation as it leaves the telephone is recorded on the sensitive plate , the imprinted words spoken being fixed as is done in photography . The plate can be brought forward afterwards , and when replaced in the machine and connected with a distant telephone , will , when set in motion , give back the original conversation . On October 15 , 1881 , a gentleman in Newburgh , N. Y ., inclosed a spider in a small paper box . He carefully guarded and watched it , and affirms that for 204 days it partook of no food or water . It showed no emaciation , and appeared as active and strong as at first until within a very few days of its death on May 7 , 1882 . Tamerlane learned patience from a spider ; perhaps Tanner was taught by them how to fast . The Hour , from which we take this item , also has the following : Another spider story is sent from California by the Rev . Dr. McCook , of honey-ant fame . He found a small cocoon of eggs and young spiders , which had no less than five other kinds of insects living in and about it . These intruders consisted of small red ants , a diminutive beetle , and a series formed by a minute chalcid , parasitic on a larger chalcid , which was parasitic on an ichneumon , which was parasitic on the spider . All were seeking to devour the eggs and spiderlings , yet the whole cocoonful , victims included , seemed to be living on most amicable terms . Various methods for hastening the conversion of cider into vinegar have been recommended . A French method is as follows : Scald three barrels or casks with hot water , rinse thoroughly and empty . Then scald with boiling vinegar , rolling the barrels and allowing them to stand on their sides two or three days until they become thoroughly saturated with the vinegar . The barrels are then filled about one-third full with strong pure cider vinegar and two gallons of cider added . Every eighth day thereafter two gallons of cider are added until the barrels are two-thirds full . The whole is allowed to stand fourteen days longer , when it will be found to be good vinegar , and one-half of it may be drawn and the process of filling with cider be begun again . In summer the barrels are allowed to stand exposed to the sun and in cold weather kept where the temperature is 80 degrees . A Party of the United States Geological Survey have found it practicable to ride to the highest peak of Mount Shasta , and suggest the establishment there of a third elevated station for weather observations , similar to those on Pike 's Peak and Mount Washington . A herring produces from 30 , 000 to 50 , 000 eggs , and the eggs are so small in size that 20 , 000 can be put one layer thick on a square foot of glass . COUGHS AND HOARSENESS .— The irritation which induces coughing immediately relieved by use of “ Brown 's Bronchial Troches . ” Sold only in boxes . MISCELLANEOUS . To Our Readers . THE PRAIRIE FARMER is the OLDEST , MOST RELIABLE , and the LEADING AGRICULTURAL JOURNAL OF THE GREAT NORTHWEST , devoted exclusively to the interests of the Farmer , Gardener , Florist , Stock Breeder , Dairyman , Etc ., and every species of Industry connected with that great portion of the People of the World , the PRODUCERS . Now in the Forty-Fourth Year of its existence , and never , during more than two score years , having missed the regular visit to its patrons , it will continue to maintain supremacy as A STANDARD AUTHORITY ON MATTERS PERTAINING TO AGRICULTURE AND KINDRED PRODUCTIVE INDUSTRIES , and as a FRESH AND READABLE FAMILY AND FIRESIDE JOURNAL . It will from time to time add new features of interest , securing for each department the ablest writers of practical experience . THE PRAIRIE FARMER will discuss , without fear or favor , all topics of interest properly belonging to a Farm and Fireside Paper , treat of the most approved practices in AGRICULTURE , HORTICULTURE , BREEDING , ETC . ; the varied Machinery , Implements , and improvements in same , for use both in Field and House ; and , in fact , everything of interest to the Agricultural community , whether in FIELD , MARKET , OR HOME CIRCLE . IT WILL GIVE INFORMATION UPON THE PUBLIC DOMAIN , WESTERN SOILS , CLIMATE , ETC . ; ANSWER INQUIRIES on all manner of subjects which come within its sphere ; GIVE each week , full and RELIABLE MARKET , CROP , AND WEATHER REPORTS ; PRESENT the family with choice and INTERESTING LITERATURE ; amuse and INSTRUCT THE YOUNG FOLKS ; AND , in a word , aim to BE , in every respect , AN INDISPENSABLE AND UNEXCEPTIONABLE farm and fireside COMPANION . Terms of Subscription and ‘ Club Rates ': ONE COPY , 1 YEAR , postage paid $ 2. 00 TWO COPIES , " " " 3. 75 FIVE " " sent at one time 8. 75 TEN " " sent at one time , and one to Club getter 16. 00 TWENTY " " sent at one time , and one to Club getter 30. 00 Address The Prairie Farmer Publishing Co ., Chicago . Ill . STANDARD BOOKS . ROPP 'S CALCULATOR AND DIARY . Practical Arithmetic made EASY , SIMPLE , and CONVENIENT for all , by this unique and wonderful work . Is worth its weight in gold to everyone not quick in figures . Contains nearly 100 , 000 BUSINESS Calculations , SIMPLE and PRACTICABLE Rules and ORIGINAL Methods — the CREAM of this great and useful science — which makes it possible and EASY for ANY ONE , even a child , to make CORRECT and INSTANTANEOUS computations in GRAIN , Stock , Hay , Coal , Cotton , Merchandise . INTEREST , Percentage , Profit and Loss , Wages , Measurement of Lumber , Logs , Cisterns , Tanks , Granaries , Wagon-beds , Corn-cribs , Cordwood , Hay-stacks , Lands , Carpenters ’ , Plasterers ’ , and Masons ’ work , besides THOUSANDS of other practical problems which come up every day in the year . Will prove of GREAT BENEFIT , almost A NECESSITY , in the hands of every FARMER , Mechanic , and Tradesman . It is neatly printed , elegantly bound , accompanied by a RENEWABLE Diary , SILICATE Slate , PERPETUAL Calendar , and VALUABLE POCKET-BOOK , all combined , for the price of a COMMON diary . Fine English Cloth $. 50 Fine English Cloth , with flap. 75 Fine Roan Leather , with flap 1. 00 Sent postpaid to any address on receipt of price . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUB . CO ., CHICAGO ILL . How to Paint A new work by A PRACTICAL PAINTER , designed for the use of TRADESMEN , MECHANICS , MERCHANTS , FARMERS , and as a guide to PROFESSIONAL PAINTERS . Containing a Plain , Common-Sense Statement of the methods employed by Painters to produce satisfactory results in PLAIN and FANCY PAINTING of every description , including FORMULAS for MIXING PAINT in OIL or WATER , Tools required , etc . This is just the book needed by any person having anything to paint and makes “ EVERY MAN HIS OWN PAINTER . ” Full directions for using WHITE LEAD LAMP BLACK — IVORY BLACK — PRUSSIAN BLUE — ULTRAMARINE — GREEN — YELLOW — BROWN — VERMILLION — LAKE — CARMINE — WHITING — GLUE — ASPHALTUM — PUMICE STONE , and SPIRITS OF TURPENTINE — OILS — VARNISHES — FURNITURE VARNISH — MILK PAINT — PREPARING CALCIMINE . Paint for Outbuildings — WHITEWASH — Paste for PAPER HANGING — HANGING PAPER — GRAINING IN OAK , MAPLE , MAHOGANY , ROSEWOOD , BLACK WALNUT — STAINING — GILDING — BRONZING — TRANSFERRING — DECALCOMANIA — MAKING RUSTIC PICTURES — PAINTING FLOWER-STAND — MAHOGANY POLISH — ROSEWOOD POLISH — VARNISHING FURNITURE — WAXING FURNITURE — CLEANING PAINT — Paint for Farming Tools for MACHINERY , and for HOUSEHOLD FIXTURES To Paint a Farm Wagon — to RE-VARNISH A CARRIAGE — to make PLASTER CASTS . The work is neatly printed , with illustrations wherever they can serve to make the subject plainer , and it will save MANY TIMES its cost yearly . Every family should possess a copy . Price , by mail , postpaid , $ 1 . Forwarded free to any sender of two subscribers to this paper at $ 2 each . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO. Chicago . STANDARD WORKS . By PETER HENDERSON Gardening for Profit , A WELL-KNOWN WORK ON Market and Family Gardening Gardening FOR Pleasure A guide to the amateur in the Fruit , Vegetable , and Flower Garden , with full directions for the Green-House , Conservatory , and Window Garden . PRACTICAL FLORICULTURE , A guide to successful Propagation and Cultivation of Florists ’ Plants . PRICE , $ 1. 50 EACH , BY MAIL , POSTPAID . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., Chicago . TALKS ON MANURES By JOSEPH HARRIS , M. S . Author of “ Walks and Talks on the Farm , ” “ Farm Crops , ” “ Harris on the Pig , ” etc . While we have no lack of treatises upon artificial fertilizers , there is no work in which the main stay of the farm — the manure made upon the farm is treated so satisfactorily or thoroughly as in this volume . Starting with the question , “ WHAT IS MANURE ? ” the author , well known on both sides of the water by his writings , runs through in sufficient detail every source of manure on the farm , discussing the methods of making rich manure ; the proper keeping and applying it , and especially the USES OF MANURE , and the effects of different artificial fertilizers , as compared with farm-yard manure , upon different crops . In this he makes free use of the striking series of experiments instituted years ago , and still continued , by Lawes and Gilbert , of Rothamsted , England . The REMARKABLE TABLES in which the results of these experiments are given , are here for the first time made accessible to the American farmer . In fact , there is scarcely any point relating to fertilizing the soil , including suitable manures for special crops , that is not treated , and while the teachings are founded upon the most elaborate scientific researches , they are so far divested of the technical language of science as to commend themselves to farmers as eminently “ practical . ” It is not often that the results of scientific investigations are presented in a manner so thoroughly popular . 12mo . Price , postpaid , $ 1. 50 . PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO. Chicago . HOUSE PLANS FOR EVERYBODY . By S. B. REED , Architect . One of the most popular Architectural books ever issued , giving a wide range of design from a dwelling costing $ 250 up to $ 8 , 000 , and adapted to farm , village , and town residences . It gives an Estimate of the Quantity of Every Article Used in the construction , and probable cost of constructing any one of the buildings presented . Profusely illustrated . Price , postpaid , $ 1. 50 . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., Chicago NOW is the time to Subscribe for THE PRAIRIE FARMER . Price only $ 2. 00 per year is worth double the money . Illustration HOUSEHOLD . For nothing lovelier can be found In woman than to study household good .— Milton . CHRISTIAN CHARITY . O stay not thine hand when the winter 's wind rude Blows cold through the dwellings of want and despair , To ask if misfortune has come to the good , Or if folly has wrought the sad wreck that is there . When the Savior of men raised His finger to heal , Did He ask if the sufferer was Gentile or Jew ? When thousands were fed with a bountiful meal , Was it given alone to the faithful and true ? If the heart-stricken wanderer asks thee for bread , In suffering he bows to necessity 's laws ; When the wife moans in sickness , the children unfed , The cup must be bitter , O ask not the cause . Then scan not too closely the frailties of those Whose bosoms may bless on a cold winter 's day : And give to the wretched who tells thee his woes , And from him that would borrow , O turn not away ! — Dr. Reynell Coates . A correspondent writes : Will give the readers of THE PRAIRIE FARMER the favor of telling us all about making sandwiches . How thick should they be when complete ? Best made of bread or biscuit ? and if chicken or ham , how prepared ? Please do n't say shred the meat and sprinkle in salt , pepper , and mustard , but tell us how to shred the meat . Do you chop it , and how fine ? and how much seasoning to a given quantity ? or do cooks always guess at it ? MRS. C. H . — Will not some of our lady readers tell us how they make sandwiches . The question is an important one for city as well as country , where so many thousands of “ lunches ” have to be prepared daily .— [ ED . A correspondent writes the lady readers of THE PRAIRIE FARMER concerning a new line of work , which we hope many of them may find profitable : Much has been written regarding proper and remunerative employment for women . Silk culture , poultry raising , and various other themes have been thoroughly ventilated , and the result has no doubt been very beneficial ; but there are many ladies who have no opportunity to raise silk worms , or follow any business of that kind . To that class I wish to open what to me was an entirely new field . Some three months ago an uncle of mine from Albany , N. Y ., was visiting at our house , and we were talking of plated ware , which he is engaged in manufacturing , and to gratify my curiosity he made a plating machine and replated our knives , forks , spoons and caster . It only cost $ 4 , and it did the work perfectly . Some of our neighbors saw what we had plated , and wanted me to do some plating for them . Since then I have worked twenty-two days , clearing in that time $ 94. 34 . At almost every house I got from $ 2 to $ 3 worth of plating to do , and such work is most all profit . This business is as nice for ladies as it is for gentlemen , being all indoor work , and any one can do it . My brother , although he worked two days longer than I did , only made $ 91. 50 . I am getting up a collection of curiosities , and to any of your readers that will send me a specimen I will send them full directions for making and using a plating machine like mine that will plate gold , silver and nickel . Send small pieces of stones , ores , shells , wood , leaves of trees , plants , etc . Anything small will do . What I want to get is as many different specimens from as many different places all over the country as I can . Address MISS M. F. CASSEY . OBERLIN , OHIO . The Night Cap . In a late letter to the August Constitution Jas . R. Randall discourses thus pleasantly of the efficiency of the night cap in producing sleep : About 9 o'clock at night we boarded the sleeping coach for Washington . Just before retiring for the night my mind , somehow or other , reverted to an editorial article recently published in the New York Times , half serious , half earnest , concerning the latest theory of an English physician as to the prepotent cause of insomnia and nervous disorders generally . It may be remembered that to the abandonment of the night cap of our grandfathers ( the cotton or flannel article , not the alcoholic ) was attributed the modern tendency of sleeplessness that make even a philosopher like Herbert Spencer more or less of a crank . What I wanted , and wanted as the fellow did his pistol in Texas , was first-class slumber , just such unmitigated repose as occasionally comes to a highly organized baby , unvexed by colic or pure cussedness . I began to think that perhaps that British doctor was right , and that , if it were possible , I would return to the neglected custom of my ancestors . Just at that moment I plunged my hand into my coat pocket and pulled out a silk smoking-cap — a pretty thing , wrought for me long ago by the dainty , delicate , deft fingers of one who now rests in the graveyard at Augusta . This cap was the very thing . I placed it reverently upon my head , with an act of faith , and lay down . The result was magical . Never since I was a boy can I remember to have experienced so perfect and delicious a repose . Not a dream rippled the surface of my calm brain , and I awakened hours afterward with a sense of satisfaction that must be a foretaste of heaven itself . An incipient headache had vanished . Powers of mind that had been dulled were restored to animation and keenness . Not a trace of irascibility remained ; but in its place came trooping the sweet angels that Father Faber says continually hover over the good-humored man . I declare that the metamorphosis was so complete that I almost needed an introduction to my new self . And this prodigy was created by one grand , complete and unusual slumber , when wearing a nightcap ! Subsequent experiments have been relatively successful ; so I am getting to be an enthusiast on the subject . Some folks say that it is a delusion , a mere freak of the imagination . Be it so . If a nightcap can extinguish my imagination at bed-time , thank God for the discovery ! My good old mother tells me that when I was a little fellow she used to tie a nightcap under my chin , and that I was a famous sleeper in those times . She is a firm believer in the efficacy . Likely enough if a man eats pickled pig 's feet at midnight or drinks unlimited whisky , even a silk or cotton nightcap may not consign him to the arms of Morpheus ; but it may work wonders for a sober person who is cursed with the pestilent habit of conjuring up all manner or odd fancies when his head touches the pillow , instead of dismissing the workmen who hammer on the forges of the brain . The majority of the men will rather suffer nocturnal horrors than be laughed at for wearing nightcaps ; just as the majority of women will prefer to wear shoes that are instruments of disease and torture rather than have their feet shod comfortably and sensibly . I have a clear idea as to which is the course of wisdom and which the alternative of folly . But this is a diversion which you , readers , may smile at or not as the whim seizes you . How to Treat a Boy . Get hold of the boy 's heart . Yonder locomotive comes like a whirlwind down the track , and a regiment of armed men might seek to arrest it in vain . It would crush them , and plunge unheeding on . But there is a little lever in the mechanism that at the pressure of a man 's hand will slacken its speed , and in a moment bring it panting and still , like a whipped spaniel , at your feet . By the same little lever the vast steamer is guided hither and yonder upon the sea , in spite of the adverse winds or current . That sensitive and responsive spot by which a boy 's life is controlled is his heart . With your grasp gently and firmly on that helm , you may pilot him whither you will . Never doubt that he has a heart . Bad and willful boys very often have the tenderest hearts hidden somewhere beneath incrustations of sin or behind barricades of pride . And it is your business to get at that heart , keep hold of it by sympathy , confiding in him , manifestly working only for his good by little indirect kindnesses to his mother or sister , or even his pet dog . See him at his home , or invite him into yours . Provide him some little pleasures , set him at some little service of trust for you ; love him ; love him practically . Anyway and every way rule him through his heart . “ Etiquette now admits of a second plate of soup . ” That is all right , but if a man 's appetite will not admit of a second plate of soup , etiquette is nothing to him . And if he has the appetite , he will have the soup , etiquette or no etiquette . Rand , Avery , & Co ., Boston , announce a new story — a thrilling and powerful tale — involving the pregnant question of Mormonism . The book will be amply illustrated and sold by subscription . The publishers say that in their opinion this book will serve a purpose not unlike Uncle Tom 's Cabin ( of which , by the way , four hundred thousand copies — eight hundred thousand volumes — were issued in this country , every one of which bore their imprint ) . It will hasten the day for the uprising of an indignant nation , and their verdict will be as in the case of slavery — this disgrace must cease — the Mormon must go ! Pamphlets , Etc ., Received . Honey , as Food and Medicine . Presented by J. L. Harris , 697 W. Lake St ., Chicago . This little work contains many valuable recipes showing how honey can be made useful medicinally and as an appetizer . For housekeepers in the country who have bees it will be found especially useful . Spring catalogue and price list of the Eclectic Small Fruit Nursery . O . B. Galusha , Morris , Ill . New State Fair Grounds : Statement by the executive committee , together with the rejoinder of the Ohio State Board of Agriculture to the Franklin County Society 's reply . This pamphlet will be interesting to the farmers of that State . Landreth 's Companion for the Garden and Farm , Philadelphia , Pa. Price 10 cents . This book is , as usual , handsomely gotten up , and is truly a “ companion . ” The prettily colored cover is but an index to the many colored pages within . It also contains many interesting plates showing the manner and extent of work carried on by this enterprising firm . The book is replete with valuable information . Supplemental Report of the Department of Agriculture of Georgia , for the year 1883 , Circular No . 49 , new series . Shows the yield of the leading crops of the State as compared with 1882 ; the average yield per acre , and other matters of interest to the farmers of Georgia . Descriptive Catalogue of C. A. Hiles & Co .' s saws and ice tools , 234 South Water street , Chicago . Descriptive catalogue and price list of H. F. Dernell & Co .' s ice tools , Athens , N. Y . A. E. Spaulding 's annual descriptive catalogue and price list of flower seeds , plants , and tools , Ainsworth , Iowa . Report No . 3 of the Department of Agriculture , Division and Statistics , December , 1883 , Washington . This report is full of very useful statistical information . Foreign Press Opinions of Madame Marcella Sembrich in Mr. Henry E. Abbey 's Grand Italian Opera Company . These opinions are very flattering , and if true , the Madame deserves to be well patronized . Chicago Medical Times , edited by W. H. Davis , M. D . $ 2. 00 per annum , 25 cents a single copy . Special Report No . 3 of the Department of Agriculture , miscellaneous , Washington . This report is given up to the discussion of Mississippi , its climate , soil , productions , and agricultural capabilities . By A . B . Hurt , Special Agent . The American Naturalist for January contains the usual number of well-written articles , and is finely illustrated . This magazine is devoted to the natural sciences in the broadest sense of that term . The Silver Dollar : The original standard of payment of the United States of America , and its enemies . By Henry Carey Baird , Philadelphia , Pa ., 810 Walnut Street . The twenty-first and twenty-second quarterly report of the Pennsylvania Board of Agriculture , 1883 . Harrisburg , Pa . The Storrs & Harrison Co .' s Catalogue ( No . 2 ) for 1884 . Painesville , Ohio . This catalogue is fully illustrated with cuts of flowers and vegetables of almost every known description , so that the purchaser can see just what he is buying before sending order . Ohio Crop Report , December , 1883 . With analyses and valuations of fertilizers , meteorological reports , etc . Compiled Correspondence . Kane Co ., Ill ., Jan . 21 .— Cold weather continues . On eight days of this month the thermometer has been below zero . It has been above the freezing point only on one morning , the 13th . Sleighing is good , except on some of the graveled roads . Cattle are in good condition . The horse distemper prevails in some localities among colts . Hay is plenty . A few fat hogs were sold last week . One farmer , in Kaneville , sold 80 hogs , averaging 443 pounds each , at $ 6. 10 per cwt . There are but very few fat hogs left . The cold , dry weather has improved the condition of corn in the cribs . Coarse feed is scarce . Considerable corn has been shipped here from Kansas . Bran and middlings are coming in from Minneapolis , and sell at $ 15 and and $ 17 per ton . Cheese factory dividends for November from $ 1. 50 to $ 1. 60 per cwt . Large quantities of milk are daily shipped into Chicago from this county . J. P. B . I see that you request items in regard to the cold wave that swept over our country during the first week in this month . There is no doubt the cold was as intense over the country generally as it has been known for many years , or perhaps ever before , but so far as I can learn the damage to fruit trees , etc ., is very slight . On the morning of the 16th of December we had our first snow , but the weather was quite pleasant to the end of the year , with occasionally slight freezing , but thermometer never down to zero . The result of this favorable weather was the thorough ripening up of the wood of all fruit and ornamental trees , so that when on the 5th of the present month the mercury ran down to 26 degrees below zero , and in some parts of the country far below that even , the damage was very slight . The writer has been extensively engaged in cutting scions , and knows whereof he speaks . I have also examined some peach trees and find the wood slightly discolored but not dead . I did not thoroughly examine the fruit buds of the peach , but suppose , of course , they are all killed . Had this intense cold weather occurred early in December , there is no doubt but the damage would have been immense . There has been a great loss of potatoes in cellars and pits , as most people had worked themselves into the belief that we were to have a mild winter , and had not prepared their cellars to resist cold at the rate of 30 degrees below zero . The result is that thousands of bushels of potatoes are frozen and ruined , and although the largest crop of potatoes was raised last year that ever was raised in the United States , yet potatoes will be high priced before planting time . H. A. TERRY . CRESCENT CITY , IA ., Jan. 19 . Seed Corn Famine . Probably nineteen farmers in twenty must buy seed corn for next spring 's planting , on account of the failure of the ‘ 83 crop to ripen . We must look sharp to the seeds we buy , that they are better than our own , as many unreliable parties will offer inferior stocks , to take advantage of the demand . We suggest that every corn grower should send to Hiram Sibley & Co ., the reliable seedsmen at Rochester , N. Y ., and Chicago , Ill ., for their catalogue and seed-corn circulars . This house makes a specialty of seed-corn and we believe that they will do what they say they will . MAPS . RAND , McNALLY & CO .' S NEW RAILROAD — AND — COUNTY MAP — OF THE — UNITED STATES — AND — DOMINION OF CANADA . Size , 4 × 2-1 / 2 feet , mounted on rollers to hang on the wall . This is an ENTIRELY NEW MAP , Constructed from the most recent and authentic sources . — IT SHOWS — ALL THE RAILROADS , — AND — EVERY COUNTY AND PRINCIPAL TOWN — IN THE — UNITED STATES AND CANADA . A useful Map in every one 's home , and place of business . PRICE , $ 2. 00 . Agents wanted , to whom liberal inducements will be given . Address RAND , McNALLY & CO ., Chicago , Ill . By arrangements with the publishers of this Map we are enabled to make the following liberal offer : To each person who will remit us $ 2. 25 we will send copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER One Year and THIS MAP POSTPAID . Address PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., CHICAGO , ILL . MISCELLANEOUS . TO PRESERVE THE HEALTH Use the Magneton Appliance Co .' s MAGNETIC LUNG PROTECTOR ! PRICE ONLY $ 5 . They are priceless to LADIES , GENTLEMEN , and CHILDREN with WEAK LUNGS ; no case of PNEUMONIA OR CROUP is ever known where these garments are worn . They also prevent and cure HEART DIFFICULTIES , COLDS , RHEUMATISM , NEURALGIA , THROAT TROUBLES , DIPHTHERIA , CATARRH , AND ALL KINDRED DISEASES . Will WEAR any service for THREE YEARS . Are worn over the under-clothing . CATARRH , It is needless to describe the symptoms of this nauseous disease that is sapping the life and strength of only too many of the fairest and best of both sexes . Labor , study , and research in America , Europe , and Eastern lands , have resulted in the Magnetic Lung Protector , affording cure for Catarrh , a remedy which contains No Drugging of the System , and with the continuous stream of Magnetism permeating through the afflicted organs ; MUST RESTORE THEM TO A HEALTHY ACTION . WE PLACE OUR PRICE for this Appliance at less than one-twentieth of the price asked by others for remedies upon which you take all the chances , and WE ESPECIALLY INVITE the patronage of the MANY PERSONS who have tried DRUGGING THE STOMACHS WITHOUT EFFECT . HOW TO OBTAIN This Appliance . Go to your druggist and ask for them . If they have not got them , write to the proprietors , enclosing the price , in letter at our risk , and they will be sent to you at once by mail , post paid . Send stamp for the “ New Departure in Medical Treatment WITHOUT MEDICINE , ” with thousands of testimonials , THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO ., 218 State Street , Chicago , Ill . NOTE .— Send one dollar in postage stamps or currency ( in letter at our risk ) with size of shoe usually worn , and try a pair of our Magnetic Insoles , and be convinced of the power residing in our Magnetic Appliances . Positively no cold feet where they are worn , or money refunded . Illustration OUR YOUNG FOLKS Jule Fisher 's Rescue . It had been an unusually severe winter , even for Northern Aroostook . Snow-fall had succeeded snow-fall , with no interval that could really be called “ thaw , ” till the “ loggers ” had finished their work ; and as they come plodding home on snow shoes , they all agreed that the snow lay from ten to twelve feet deep on a level in the woods . No wonder , then , that the warm March sun came to shine upon it day after day , and the copious spring showers fell , there should have been a very unusual “ flood , ” or freshet . Every one predicted that when the ice should break in the river , there would be a grand spectacle , and danger , too , as well ; and all waited with some anxiety for the “ break ” to come . One morning , we at the village were awakened by a deep , roaring , booming , crashing noise , and sprang from our beds , crying : “ The ice has broken up ! The ice is running out ! ” In hardly more time than it takes to tell it , we were dressed and at the back windows , which looked down upon the river ! It was indeed a grand sight ! Huge cakes of ice of every shape and size were driving , tumbling , crashing past , as if in a mad race with each other . The river , filled to overflowing , seemed in angry haste to hurl its icy burden down the falls below . But after a few days the river ran clear , save for the occasional breaking of some “ jam ” above . Along the margin of the broad stream , however , there were here and there slight indentures , or notches , in the banks , where the ice had escaped the mad rush of waters and still clung in considerable patches . It was upon one of these still undisturbed patches that “ Jule ” Fisher , a rough boy of fourteen , with several of his equally rough comrades , was playing on the lovely morning upon which my story opens . These lads were not the sons of the steady , intelligent , church-going inhabitants of this quiet Northern hamlet , but were from the families of “ lumbermen , ” “ river-drivers ” and “ shingle-shavers . ” For some time they had been having boisterous sport , venturing out upon the extreme edges of the ice and with long poles pushing about the stray cakes which occasionally came within their reach . At length they grew tired of this , and began to jump upon ticklish points of ice ; and as these began to crack and show signs of breaking away , the boys would run , with wild whoops , back to shore , the very danger seeming to add to their enjoyment . Then , with poles and “ prys , ” they would work upon the cracking mass until it floated clear and went whirling down the rapid current . “ Ahoy , boys ! ” called Jule , who was seemingly their leader . “ Up yender 's a big cake that only wants a shove ! Come on ! Let 's set ‘ er a-going ! ” No sooner said than done . Away went the noisy fellows to the projecting point of ice . A few smart jumps sent it creaking and groaning , as though still unwilling to quit its snug winter bed . One more jump , and the boys all ran with a shout beyond the place where the ice was cracking off — all save Jule . It had not broken clear , and he was determined to set it going , when he would spring on the firm ice beyond , as he had done once or twice before . But this time he was over-bold and not sufficiently watchful . A large cake of ice had come floating down the river unnoticed either by him or his friends , and striking the edge of the nearly loosened mass , shoved it out into the swift , black water . Poor Jule ! He ran quickly to the freshly-broken edge — but , alas ! too late for the intended spring . The swiftly-rushing current had borne him many yards from the shore and from his companions . There he stood — for an instant in dumb amaze — balancing himself upon his rocking raft with the pole he had been using . To attempt to swim ashore would have been useless . He was a clumsy swimmer at best ; and the cold , rushing waters and floating ice cakes made swimming almost impossible . He could not get off . To stay seemed sure death . Dumb with fright , for a moment he stood in speechless terror . Then there rang across the wild , black river and through the quiet streets of the village , such a yell of abject fear as only a lusty lad of that age can give . It was a cry that chilled the heart of every one who heard it . A “ four-days ’ meeting ” was in session . The village church-goers were just issuing from their houses in answer to the church bell , when that pitiful cry and the shouts of “ Help ! Help ! A boy in the stream ! ” reached them , and drew them all quickly to the river bank . In a few minutes the shore was lined with excited men and women . Yet all stood helplessly staring , while poor Jule on his ice-raft was floating steadily down toward the falls . Never shall I forget how he looked as he stood there in the middle of his floating white throne ! There was something almost heroic in his calm helplessness . For after the first wild cry , he had not once opened his lips . Downward he floated , drawn swiftly and surely on by the deep , mighty rush of waters setting into the throat of the cataract . The heavy roar from far below sounded like the luckless lad 's knell . He stood but a single chance — and that was hardly a chance — of his ice-raft lodging against a tilted-up “ jam ” of cakes and logs which had piled against a jagged ledge that rose in mid-stream , just above the brink of the precipice . This “ jam ” had hung there , wavering in the flood , for thirty-six hours . Every moment it seemed about to go off — yet still it clung , in tremor , as it seemed , at the fatal plunge which would dash it to pieces in the thundering maelstrom below . Good fortune — Providence , perhaps — so guided Jule 's ice-raft that it struck and lodged against the “ jam , ” just as the horrified watchers on shore expected to lose sight of the lad forever in the falls . “ If it will only hang there ! ” muttered scores , scarcely daring as yet to speak a loud word . They could see the cake , with Jule on it , heaving up and down with the mighty rhythmic motion of the surging torrent ; and all ran along down the banks , to come nearer . The boy stood in the very jaws of death . Beneath , the cataract roared and hurled up white gusts of spray . Just at this moment , a short , thick-set man , with a round , good-natured face , joined the crowd . For a moment he stood looking out at the lad , then slapping another young man on the shoulder , said , hurriedly , “ Is n't there an old bateau stowed away in your shed , Lanse ? ” “ Yes , ” was the reply . “ Quick , then ! ” exclaimed the first speaker . “ There is n't a moment to lose . ” “ But , Mac , ” answered Lanse , as he hurried after him . “ I 'm afraid she 's no good ; she 's old and she 's been stowed away all winter . Ten to one the old thing leaks like a riddlin ’ sieve . “ But we must n't lose a chance ! ” exclaimed Mac . “ That jam will go out within half an hour , if it does n't within ten minutes ! ” By this time the two had reached the shed . They quickly drew the bateau from its wintering place , and taking the long , light boat upon their shoulders , ran rapidly through the village and down to the river . Meantime , two or three other men had run to fetch “ dog warps ” and “ towing-lines , ” a large number of which are always kept in these backwoods lumbering hamlets , for use on the rivers and lakes , when logs are rafted out in the spring . Acting under Mac 's prompt orders , a six-hundred foot warp was at once made fast to a ring in the stern of a bateau , and another line laid ready to bend to the first . Jumping into the bateau , paddle in hand , and a boat-hook laid ready for instant use , the bold young fellow now ordered the men to shove off the skiff into the river and then pay out the line , as he should direct — thus lowering him , yard by yard , down toward the “ jam ” where Jule stood . Rod by rod , they let him down toward the roaring abyss of furious waters , till the bateau — guided by the paddle , and held back now by the main strength of twenty men — touched the ice-cake . But even as it touched , the cake began to slide off the jam ; and Jule was thrown on his hands and knees . Quick as thought , however , his courageous rescuer struck his boat-hook into the ice and held fast while Jule , stiff with fright , tumbled in at the bow of the bateau . He was hardly in the boat when the whole mass of ice and logs went over the falls . A shout arose , and when a few minutes later the bateau was drawn safely back up the stream , and Mac stepped ashore with a rather bashful smile on his round , fresh face , every one joined in long and prolonged cheers . As for Jule , he had to be helped out of the boat and led home ; for he was , as they said , “ limp as a rag ; ” and it was noticed that after this perilous adventure he was a much more sober and thoughtful boy . Pray do not imagine , reader , that I have been telling you a “ made-up ” story , for what I have related is true , the writer herself being an eye-witness to the incident while a teacher in a backwoods school-district on the banks of the Aroostook . LIVE STOCK , Etc . PUBLIC SALE OF Short-Horn Cattle AT Somers , Kenosha Co ., Wis. ON Wednesday , March 19 , 1884 . I will sell at public sale , at my farm near Somers , Wis ., at above time and place , my entire herd of Thoroughbred Short-horn cattle , numbering forty head . Among them are many of the choicest families . Included in the sale will be the grand young bull Orpheus 13th , bred at Bow Park , a beautiful red , and one of the finest bulls in the West . The cows are all Breeders , and will have calves by their sides , or be safe in calf . I offer this grand herd of cattle with reluctance , solely on account of my advanced age and failing health . Catalogues ready about Feb. 15 . Lunch at 12 . Sale to begin at 1 . Free conveyances will meet the trains on morning of sale at Somers , on C. M. & St. Paul , and at Kenosha for C. & N. W. R. R . WM . YULE , Somers , Kenosha Co ., Wis . J. W. JUDY , Auctioneer . 10 JERSEY BULLS FOR SALE , All of fine quality , solid color and bk . points . Ages , from six to eighteen months . Sons of Mahkeenae , 3290 ; brother of Eurotus , 2454 , who made 778 lbs . butter in a year , and out of cows of the best butter blood , some having records of fourteen and fifteen lbs . per week . No fancy prices . A. H. COOLEY , Little Britain , Orange Co ., N. Y . N . B .— If I make sales as formerly will send a car with man in charge to Cleveland , getting lowest rates . SCOTCH COLLIE SHEPHERD PUPS , — FROM — IMPORTED AND TRAINED STOCK — ALSO — NEWFOUNDLAND PUPS AND RAT TERRIER PUPS . Concise and practical printed instruction in Training young Shepherd Dogs , is given to buyers of Shepherd Puppies ; or will be sent on receipt of 25 cents in postage stamps . For Printed Circular , giving full particulars about Shepherd Dogs , enclose a 3-cent stamp , and address N. H. PAAREN , P. O . Box 326 , CHICAGO . ILL . SEEDS Our new catalogue , best published , FREE to all . 1 , 500 varieties , 300 illustrations . You ought to have it . BENSON , MAULE & CO ., Philadelphia , Pa . BREEDERS DIRECTORY . The following list embraces the names of responsible and reliable Breeders in their line , and parties wishing to purchase or obtain information can feel assured that they will be honorably dealt with : SWINE . Chester Whites . W. A. Gilbert Wauwatosa Wis . SCHEIDT & DAVIS , DYER , LAKE CO ., IND ., breeders of Victoria swine . Originators of this famous breed . Stock for Sale . Write for circular A . RAILROADS . Illustration A MAN WHO IS UNACQUAINTED WITH THE GEOGRAPHY OF THIS COUNTRY WILL SEE BY EXAMINING THIS MAP THAT THE CHICAGO , ROCK ISLAND & PACIFIC R'Y By the central position of its line , connects the East and the West by the shortest route , and carries passengers , without change of cars , between Chicago and Kansas City , Council Bluffs , Leavenworth , Atchison , Minneapolis and St. Paul . It connects in Union Depots with all the principal lines of road between the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans . Its equipment is unrivaled and magnificent , being composed of Most Comfortable and Beautiful Day Coaches , Magnificent Horton Reclining Chair Cars , Pullman 's Prettiest Palace Sleeping Cars , and the Best Line of Dining Cars in the World . Three Trains between Chicago and Missouri River Points . Two Trains between Chicago and Minneapolis and St. Paul , via the Famous “ ALBERT LEA ROUTE . ” A New and Direct Line , via Seneca and Kankakee , has recently been opened between Richmond Norfolk , Newport News , Chattanooga , Atlanta , Augusta , Nashville , Louisville , Lexington , Cincinnati Indianapolis and Lafayette , and Omaha , Minneapolis and St. Paul and intermediate points . All Through Passengers Travel on Fast Express Trains . Tickets for sale at all principal Ticket Offices in the United States and Canada . Baggage checked through and rates of fare always as low as competitors that offer less advantages . For detailed information , get the Maps and Folders of the GREAT ROCK ISLAND ROUTE , At your nearest Ticket Office , or address R. R . CABLE , Vice-Pres . & Gen'l M'g ' r , E. ST. JOHN , Gen'l Tkt . & Pass . Agt . CHICAGO . MISCELLANEOUS . Do n't be Humbugged With Poor , Cheap Coulters . Illustration All farmers have had trouble with their Coulters . In a few days they get to wabbling , are condemned and thrown aside . In our “ BOSS ” Coulter we furnish a tool which can scarcely be worn out ; and when worn , the wearable parts , a prepared wood journal , and movable thimble in the hub ( held in place by a key ) can be easily and cheaply renewed . WE GUARANTEE OUR “ BOSS ” to plow more acres than any other three Coulters now used . OUR “ O. K . ” CLAMP Attaches the Coulter to any size or kind of beam , either right or left hand plow . We know that after using it you will say it is THE BEST TOOL ON THE MARKET . Ask your dealer for it . Manufactured by the BOSS COULTER CO ., Bunker Hill , Ills . NEW Vegetables A Specialty GREGORY 'S SEED CATALOGUE . 1854-1884 ] My Vegetable and Flower Seed Catalogue for 1884 , the result of thirty years experience as a Seed Grower , will be sent free to all who apply . All my Seed is warranted to be fresh and true to name , so far that should it prove otherwise , I agree to refill orders gratis . My collection of vegetable Seed , one of the most extensive to be found in any American Catalogue , is a large part of it of my own growing . As the original introducer of Eclipse Beet , Burbank Potatoes , Marblehead Early Corn , the Hubbard Squash , and scores of other new Vegetables , I invite the patronage of the public . In the gardens and on the farms of those who plant my seed will be found my best advertisement . JAMES J. H. GREGORY , Seed Grower , Marblehead , Mass . Send for Catalogue and Prices . ATLAS ENGINE WORKS Illustration INDIANAPOLIS , IND ., U. S. A . MANUFACTURERS OF STEAM ENGINES AND BOILERS . CARRY ENGINES and BOILERS IN STOCK for IMMEDIATE DELIVERY SIBLEY 'S TESTED SEEDS , For all Climates , For all Soils , All Plants . EVERY SACK TESTED FOR VITALITY . ALL TESTED IN GARDENS FOR PURITY AND VALUE . CATALOGUE AND PRICE LIST OF ALL TESTED VARIETIES , FREE . Mail order promptly filled , making a Seed Store at home . Send for Catalogue . HIRAM SIBLEY & CO ., Rochester , N Y. and Chicago , Ill . Illustration LITERATURE . BETWEEN THE TWO LIGHTS . No use talking , missy — no use talking ‘ Bout de daylight and dat kind ob ting ‘ Tween the two lights — sunset and sunrising — Dis ole nigger happier dan a king . Dis ole nigger don got all he want to , All he want , and more ‘ an he can say ; Gib him night , de darker and de better , White folks more ‘ an welcome to de day . In de day him ole and pore and wretched , Got to tote de load and swing de hoe , Got to do jest what de white folks tole him , Got to trabel when dey tole him go . Do n't own nothing but an empty cabin ; Got no wife , no chillen at him knee ; Got no nothing but a little pallet , And a pot to bile him hominy . In de day him gits no ‘ spectful notice , Him is only “ dat ole nigger Brown ; ” In de night him tells you , little missy , Things git mightily turned upside down . Den somehow him 's young and rich and happy , Den him own more acres dan him see : Den him got a powerful lot ob hosses , Den de white folks stop an speak to he . Den him hab a big house like ole massa 's , Dan Melinda is him lubly wife ; Den de little chillen call him pappy , Den him see de bery best ob life . Den sometimes him talking in de meeting . An ’ him feel de biggest in de town , For at night him neber “ dat ole nigger , ” Him the Reberend Mister Isaac Brown . “ Dreaming , ” is him ? Dreaming , do you call it ? Then him s'pose it 's living in de day . Well , him likes de night-time and de dreaming , For him griefs wid sunshine go away . No use talking , missy , no use talking ‘ Bout de sunshine and dat kind ob ting ; ‘ Tween de two lights — sunset and sunrising — Dis ole nigger happier dan a king . THE TWO OVERCOATS . When Amos Derby came out of Levi Rosenbaum 's pawnshop , the richer by five dollars , but leaving his overcoat in the hands of the Jew , he made his way directly to Sillbrook 's saloon , where , he felt sure , he should meet half a dozen at least of his boon companions . He was not mistaken . The bar-room was crowded , and a general shout of welcome greeted him as he entered , for Amos was a generous fellow , and was always willing to treat . The five dollar bill was quickly broken by the jovial bar-keeper , and two hours later when Amos waked rather unsteadily out of the saloon , he had not a cent in his pocket . But this did not trouble him in the least . He had spent too much money in Sillbrook 's during the last two years to think anything of squandering in one evening such a paltry sum as five dollars . As he left the saloon by the main entrance , he saw a man emerge from a side door of the building , and cross the street with rapid strides ; a tall man , well dressed , and bearing about him a look of prosperity . He wore a very handsome overcoat with sealskin cuffs and collar , a sealskin cap , and well fitting gloves . Drunk as Amos was he recognized him at once ; it was Sillbrook himself . “ Been in the back room countin ’ up his gains , most likely , ” he muttered thickly . “ He 's above standin ’ behind the bar nowadays . ” Amos could well remember when Sillbrook had been only a mill-hand like himself , earning twelve dollars a week . But he had been a prudent , saving man always , and had early made up his mind to be rich , no matter at what cost of conscience and principle . With this end in view he had purchased a saloon , and cordially invited his former fellow workers at the mill to patronize him . This they were very willing to do , for Sillbrook knew how to make his saloon attractive ; and he soon had as much custom as he could well attend to . At length he hired a bar-keeper , and after a couple of years was never seen behind the bar himself . He had grown rich very rapidly , and now owned one of the finest houses in the town , and was able to gratify every taste and whim , while those who had helped him to his wealth by drinking his liquors were as poor as ever — many of them poorer . Amos Derby had been one of Sillbrook 's best customers ever since the saloon had been opened , and as a natural consequence had had little to spend in comforts for his wife and children . He still lived in the small cottage he had bought on first moving to the town , and had seen it grow more and more dilapidated every year without making any attempt to repair it . But though the outside was far from attractive , the inside was always neat and clean , for , whatever her faults of temper , Jane Derby was a woman who believed thoroughly in abiding by heaven 's first law , and who labored early and late to make both ends meet , something she would not have been able to accomplish had she not possessed skill as a dressmaker , for Amos seldom gave her any of his earnings . She was sitting in the kitchen sewing when her husband came in , and a bitter expression crossed her face as she saw his condition . “ Drunk , as usual , ” she said , harshly , “ when were you anything else ? ” “ When you was kinder spoken , perhaps , ” answered Amos , with spirit . “ This is the sort of welcome I get every night in the week . ‘ Tai n't much wonder I go to Sillbrook 's . ” He dropped into a chair as he spoke , and began to pull off his boots . “ If you did n't have one excuse you 'd make another , ” said Jane , flushing , and bending closer over her sewing . “ Perhaps you think I ought to feel pleasant when you come home in this state . Well ! it ai n't human nature , that it ai n't ! I mind the time you brought home your wages reg'lar , every Sat'day night , and I was willin ’ enough then to speak kind to you . Now the children would starve if it was n't for me . Where 's your overcoat ? ” a sudden pallor creeping into her face as she asked the question . “ Yes ! where is that overcoat ?— what have you done with it that you have n't it on — where is it ? ” “ Where d'ye s'pose ? ” said Amos , roughly . “ Down at the pawn-shop , of course , ” cried his wife , angrily , “ where every decent coat you ever had has gone . But you promised me you 'd never part with this one , Amos Derby , and you 've broke your word . I might have known you would ! And to think how I worked for it , and let the children do without shoes ! It 's too bad ! I declare it is ! I gave twelve dollars for it only a month ago , and I 'll wager you let Levi have it for half o ’ that . It 's a shame , a dreadful shame . ” “ Stop that . I wo n't have it , ” said Amos in a threatening tone . “ There 's no use whining over it now . If you say another word about it I 'll go out again , right off . ” “ Go ! ” said Jane , fiercely , “ and I wish it was forever ! I wish I was never to look on your face again ! You 're naught but a trouble and a disgrace to us all ! ” “ All right , ” said Amos , as he pulled on his boots again , “ I 'm goin ’ . I 'll take you at your word . You wo n't see me again in a hurry ; now you just mark that . A trouble and a disgrace , am I ? ” “ Yes , you are ! ” said Jane , her anger increasing as her mind dwelt upon the loss of the coat she had worked so hard to earn . “ I mean all I 've said , and more , too ! Go ! go to Sillbrook 's ! Ask him to show you the overcoat he 's wearin ’ . I saw it yesterday , and yours was n't a circumstance to it ! Go ! Give him every penny you 've got ! He needs it ! ” with a bitter little laugh . “ His children 's feet are all out on the ground , and his wife has n't a decent dress to her name , ” with a glance at her faded calico gown . “ Help him all you can , Amos Derby , he 's in need o ’ charity . ” Amos made no answer . He was considerably more sober than when he had left the saloon , for the walk home through the fresh winter air had done him good , and he felt the force of his wife 's words . They rung in his ears as he slammed the kitchen door behind him , and , taking the road which led by the mill , walked rapidly away . He was soon in the heart of the town , but he did not think or care where he was going . His only idea was to get away from the sound of Jane 's sharp voice , and he turned down first one street and then another , without pausing , until he came to Elm Avenue , on which were situated the handsomest houses in the town . There was a large , square brick house on the corner , with stables in the rear , a conservatory on one side , and a beautiful lawn in front , and this place seemed to possess some strange fascination for Amos , for he stopped suddenly at the gate and stood there for fully five minutes , admiring , perhaps , the mansion 's air of solid comfort and wealth . The iron gate was open , and presently , as if impelled by some impulse he could not resist , he entered , and walking softly up the graveled path , looked in at one of the long windows . The room upon which he gazed was very handsomely furnished . The chairs were luxuriously cushioned , a large mirror hung over the mantel , the carpet was of velvet , a crystal chandelier depended from the ceiling , and a bright fire burned in the open grate , before which sat a lady richly dressed , reading aloud to three children , sitting on ottomans at her feet . For a long , long time Amos Derby stood by the window , his eyes wandering from one article of luxury to another , a dark frown on his face , and his teeth set hard together . “ My money , ” he muttered , when at last he turned away . “ I 've given it to him , cent by cent , and dollar by dollar , and I 've naught to show for it , while he ! he 's got his fine house , and his rich carpets , and his handsome clothes . It 's the same money , only I 've spent it in one way , and he in another . ” As the last words left his lips a hand fell heavily upon his shoulder , and a voice — the voice of Sillbrook — asked him harshly what he wanted . “ A look into your fine parlor , ” answered Amos roughly . “ Strange I wanted to see it , was n't it ? It ought not to matter to me , of course , what use you make o ’ my money . ” “ Your money ! ” said Sillbrook , with a loud laugh . “ That 's a crazy joke ! Come , my man , you 're drunk . Get out of here , or I 'll have you put where you can make your jokes to yourself . ” “ You think you 're rich enough now to speak to me as you choose , ” said Amos hotly . “ Time was when you would n't have dared . But I tell you , Jason Sillbrook , I 've come to my senses to-night . It 's a poor bargain where the gain 's all on one side . We started even , and you 've got all and I nothin ’ . But I tell you now , that , heaven helpin ’ me , you 'll never have another dollar o ’ mine to spend . You 'll never buy another coat like this out o ’ my money , ” and he struck in sudden passion the seal-trimmed garment which covered Sillbrook 's ample proportions . “ Be off with you , ” said the saloon-keeper . “ You 're too drunk to know what you 're talking about . ” “ And who made me drunk ? answer that question , Jason Sillbrook , ” screamed Amos . “ I 'll answer nothing , ” said Sillbrook , and , tearing his coat from the grasp Amos had laid upon it , he strode up the path and disappeared within the house . The next morning , when the superintendent made his round of the mill , he missed one of the machine hands . “ Where 's Derby ? ” he asked , angrily . No one could answer his question . No one had seen Derby that day . And no one at the mill saw him for many a day to come . “ I might have been kinder to him , ” thought Jane , when at last she became convinced that her husband had in truth left her . “ Perhaps I did say more'n I should at times . Poor Amos ! he was no more to blame than I was , after all . Perhaps he would have kept out o ’ that saloon if I 'd only coaxed ‘ stead o ’ railing at him . He was n't bad-hearted , an ’ he never meant more'n half he said . ” And as the days went by , and she forgot her past sorrows , she had only kind thoughts of her absent husband , and blamed only herself for their mutual misery . She wished with all her heart that she could “ begin all over again , ” and try the effect of kindness and forbearance on Amos . But no such opportunity was given her , and she had little time for bitter thoughts or unavailing regret . The superintendent of the mill gave her eldest child , a lad of fourteen , a situation where he could earn $ 4 a week , and a girl a year younger found work in a millinery store . Thus Jane was relieved of much anxiety , and she was so skilful with her needle that she soon found herself able to “ lay by something for a rainy day , ” as she expressed it . Gradually the children were provided with comfortable clothes and were sent to church and to Sunday-school , from which they had been debarred for several years , owing to a lack of decent apparel ; the house was repaired , new furniture bought , a flower garden laid out in front of the cottage , and a new fence erected . People began to speak of Jane as a surprisingly smart woman , and to say that her husband 's desertion had been a blessing in disguise . But in spite of her prosperity there was an ache ever at Jane 's heart , and a regret which no good fortune could stifle . “ If I 'd only been kinder ! ” she would say to herself , as she lay awake at night and thought of her absent husband . “ It was my fault he drank ; I see that now . He was always telling me that my temper 'd ruin him in the end , and now his word 's come true . ” She felt as if she ought to make some atonement for her past sin , even though she was never to see her husband again , and with this end in view she determined to cure herself of the habit of scolding and fault-finding about which poor Amos had complained so bitterly . After a few struggles at first , she found her new path very pleasant to her feet , and was encouraged to persevere by the artless comments made by her children on the improvement in her temper . “ You 're so good , now , mother , ” they would say , when , instead of the sharp rebuke they had expected on the commission of some childish folly , came very kind words of regret and gentle reproof . “ You are so different from what you used to be . If father could only come home and live with us now how happy we would all be . ” But Amos did not come . Year after year passed , and he sent no word or sign ; and at length both wife and children grew to think of him as dead . Seven years ! Seven years to a day had passed since Amos Derby had left his home , and up the street and past the mill came a tall man , with a cap of sealskin pulled low over his eyes , and handsome overcoat trimmed with the same costly fur over his arm . He whistled as he walked , and seemed in great good humor , for occasionally he would break out into a loud laugh . But as he came near the cottage where Jane Derby lived , he became more quiet , and an anxious expression stole into his face . “ I wonder if she 'll know me , ” he muttered . Going up to the window of the kitchen , he shaded his eyes with one hand and looked in . Jane was setting at supper , her five children about her . The room looked warm and comfortable . A bright fire burned in the stove , the kettle sang merrily , and a big maltese cat dozed among some plants on the broad window seat . Fred , the eldest son , a muscular young man of twenty-one now , was speaking , and his words came distinctly to the ears of the watcher outside . “ Brooks goes to-morrow , ” he said , “ and we are to have a new superintendent from ——. I hope he 'll have a better temper than Brooks , and I wish —— Who 's that ? ” as a sudden knock came upon the door . “ The new superintendent , ” said the tall man , as he walked into the room and threw his overcoat on a chair . “ Jane , do n't you know me ? ” With a glad cry that was almost a sob , Jane sprang forward , and was folded in the stranger 's arms . “ Children , ” she said , when she could speak , “ this is your father , come back to us at last . ” “ And to stay , please God , ” said Amos Derby , fervently , as in turn he embraced his children affectionately . “ Jane , you shall have no room to complain of me in the future . I mean to make up to you for all I made you suffer before I found out what a fool I was to think more of my appetite than of my wife and children . Do you know what taught me my lesson ?— Sillbrook 's overcoat ; and I 've got one just like it . It will be a reminder , you know . And I 've something better still — the place of superintendent at the mills here . I 've worked hard , Jane , but my reward has come at last . When I left here I resolved never to come back until I could make myself worthy of you and the children . I found a place in the mills at ——, and worked my way up to be superintendent . Where there 's a will , there 's always a way , you know . I learned that you did n't need my help , so I waited on year after year , and now —— ” “ We are together , never to part again this side the grave , ” finished Jane , “ Amos , God rules us all for the best . Let us thank Him for the blessings He has bestowed upon us ; and then — suppose you let us see how you look in the overcoat you 've come by so justly . ” The news that Amos Derby was the new superintendent soon flew about the town , and great was the surprise thereat . No one was more astonished , perhaps , at the turn affairs had taken than Jason Sillbrook , and he wondered greatly at the good fortune of the man he had once so despised ; but he never knew that it was largely due to the lesson Amos had learned from the saloon-keeper 's overcoat .— The Christian at Work . CONSUMPTION CURED . An old physician , retired from practice , having had placed in his hands by an East India missionary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy for the speedy and permanent cure of Consumption , Bronchitis , Catarrh , Asthma and all throat and Lung Affections , also a positive and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all Nervous Complaints , after having tested its wonderful curative powers in thousands of cases , has felt it his duty to make it known to his suffering fellows . Actuated by this motive and a desire to relieve human suffering , I will send free of charge , to all who desire it , this recipe , in German , French , or English , with full directions for preparing and using . Sent by mail by addressing with stamp , naming this paper . W. A. NOYES , 149 Power 's Block , Rochester , N. Y . Honesty of purpose must not be held as evidence of ability . Illustration HUMOROUS BAIT OF THE AVERAGE FISHERMAN . H. C. DODGE . This is the bait the fishermen take , the fishermen take , the fishermen take , when they start out the fish to wake so early in the morning . They take a nip before they go — a good one , ah ! and long and slow , for fear the chills will lay them low so early in the morning . Another when they 're on the street , which they repeat each time they meet for “ luck ” — for that 's the way to greet a fisher in the morning . And when they are on the river 's brink again they drink without a wink — to fight ma - laria they think it proper in the morn - ing . They tip a flask with true delight when there 's a bite ; if fishing 's light they “ smile ” the more till jolly tight , all fishing they are scorning . An- other nip as they depart : one at the mart and one to part , but none when in the house they dart , ex - pecting there 'll be mourning . This is the bait the fisher - men try who fishes buy at prices high and tell each one a bigger lie of fish - ing in the morning . Whose Cold Feet ? “ Are you troubled with cold feet on retiring ? ” asked Yeast of Crimsonbeak , Saturday night , as they were returning from market freighted with provender . “ I should say I was ! ” replied Crimsonbeak emphatically , while a regular chills-and-fever shudder was seen to distribute itself over his frame at the recollection which the question recalled . “ I suppose you would like to learn how to avoid them ? ” replied the philanthropist , smiling at the thought of an opportunity to fire off one of his pet theories . “ I would give almost anything to be fortunate enough to escape them , ” said the despairing Crimsonbeak , in all truthfulness . “ Well it is easy enough done , ” went on his companion ; “ soak your feet in cold water the first thing when you get up in the morning ; towards night run about three-quarters of a mile , and then soak your feet again in cold water on retiring . ” “ Well , I can n't see how that is going to keep her feet from troubling me . ” “ Her cold feet from troubling you ! ” repeated Yeast , a little confused . “ What do you mean ? ” “ Mean ? Why , I mean that my wife 's cold feet are the ones that chill me with an Arctic region touch . Whose feet did you suppose I meant , my mother-in-law 's ? ” shouted the excited Crimsonbeak , darting into his gate and leaving his neighbor to his own reflections . Changed Relations . “ Now that we are engaged , ” said Miss Pottleworth , “ come and let me introduce you to papa . ” “ I believe that I have met him , ” replied young Spickle . “ But in another capacity than that of son-in-law . ” “ Yes — er , but I 'd rather not meet him to-night . ” “ Oh , you must , ” and despite the almost violent struggles of the young fellow , he was drawn into the library , where a large , red-faced man , with a squint in one eye , and an enlargement of the nose , sat looking over a lot of papers . “ Father , ” said the girl . “ Hum , ” he replied , without looking up . “ I wish to present to you — ” “ What ? ” he exclaimed , looking up and catching sight of young Spickle . “ Have you the impudence to follow me here ? Did n't I tell you that I would see you to-morrow ? ” “ Why , father , you do n't know Mr. Spickle , do you ? ” “ I do n't know his name , but I know that he has been to my office three times a day for the past week with a bill . I know him well enough . I can n't pay that bill to-night , young man . Come to my office to-morrow . ” “ I hope , ” said Spickle , “ that you do not think so ill of me . I have not come to collect the bill you have referred to , but — ” “ What ? Got another one ? ” “ You persist in misunderstanding me . I did not come to collect a bill , I can come to-morrow and see you about that . To-night I proposed to your daughter , and have been accepted . Our mission is to acquaint you with the fact and gain your consent to our marriage . ” “ Well , ” said the old fellow , “ is that all ? Blamed if I did n't think you had a bill . Take the girl , if that 's what you want , but say , did n't I tell you to bring the bill to-morrow ? ” “ Yes , sir . ” “ Well , you need n't . Our relations are different now . Wish I had a daughter for every bill collector in town . ” It Makes a Difference . “ So you have been fighting again on your way home from school ! ” “ Y-yes , sir . ” “ Did n't I tell you this sort of business had got to stop ? ” “ Yes , pa , but — ” “ No excuses , sir ! You probably provoked the quarrel ! ” “ Oh , no ! no ! He called me names ! ” “ Names ? What of it ? When a boy calls you names walk along about your business . Take off that coat ! ” “ But he did n't call me names ! ” “ Oh , he did n't ? Take off that vest ! ” “ When he called me names I never looked at him , but when he pitched into you , I — I had to fight ! ” “ What ! Did he call me names ? ” “ Lots of ‘ em , father ! He said you lied to your constituents , and went back on the caucus and had ! ” — “ William , put on your coat and vest , and here 's a nickel to buy peanuts ! I do n't want you to come up a slugger , and I wish you to stand well with your teacher , but if you can lick the boy who says I ever bolted a regular nomination or went back on my end of the ward , do n't be afraid to sail in ! ” — Free Press . One of the Harvard students has fitted up his room at a cost of $ 4 , 000 . We suspect that the young man 's room is better than his company . “ Do n't be afraid , ” said a snob to a German laborer : “ sit down and make yourself my equal . ” “ I would haff to blow my brains out , ” was the reply of the Teuton . “ Yes , ” said Mrs. Egomoi , “ I used to think a great deal of Mrs. Goode , she was always so kind to me ; but then , I 've found out that she treats everybody just the same . ” Jerrold said to an ardent young gentleman , who burned with a desire to see himself in print : “ Be advised by me , young man : do n't take down the shutters before there is something in the window . ” Arthur — “ I say , what do you mean by fighting my hog all the time ? ” Bismarck — “ I means nodding in de vorld ; I vash not fighting dot pig . We vash choost playing mit one anudder . ” “ Yes , ” said a fashionable lady , “ I think Mary has made a very good match . I heard her husband is one of the shrewdest and most unprincipled lawyers in the profession , and of course he can afford to gratify her every wish . ” PRINTER 'S INK . Little drops of printer 's ink , A little type “ displayed , ” Make our merchant bosses And all their big parade . Little bits of stinginess , Discarding printer 's ink , Busts the man of business , And sees his credit sink . “ Jump on the scale , ” the butcher said Unto a miss one day , “ I 'm used to weighing , and , ” said he , “ I 'll tell you what you weigh . ” “ Ah , yes , ” came quick the sweet reply From lips seemed made to kiss , “ I 'm sure , sir , that it would not be First time you 've weighed amiss . ” The butcher blushed ; he hung his head And knew not what to say ; He merely wished to weigh the girl — Himself was given away . “ What did that lady say ? ” asked Mr. Buyem of his confidential clerk . “ I 'd rather not repeat her words , sir , ” replied the clerk . “ But I must know , Mr. Blume — must know , sir . ” “ Oh ! if you insist upon it , sir , I suppose I must tell you . She said you were all business , but you lacked culture . ” “ So ? ” exclaimed Mr. Buyem , in astonishment . “ Lack culture , eh ? Look here , Mr. Blume , d'ye know you ’ oughter told me that long ago ? Let 's have some right away before Scribe & Blowhard can get ahead of us . ” OUT OF THE DEPTHS . Our Correspondent 's Researches and a Remarkable Occurrence He Describes . ST. ALBANS , Vt ., Jan. 10 , 1884 . MESSRS . EDITORS : The upper portion of Vermont is one of the pleasantest regions in America during the summer , and one of the bleakest during the winter . It affords ample opportunity for the tourist , providing he chooses the proper season , but the present time is not that season . Still there are men and women here who not only endure the climate , but praise it unstintingly , and that , too , in the face of physical hardships the most intense . The writer heard of a striking illustration of this a few days since which is given herewith : Mr. Joseph Jacques is connected with the Vermont Central Railroad in the capacity of master mason . He is well advanced in years , with a ruddy complexion and hale appearance , while his general bearing is such as to instantly impress one with his strict honor and integrity . Several years ago he became afflicted with most distressing troubles , which prevented the prosecution of his duties . He was languid , and yet restless , while at times a dizziness would come over him which seemed almost blinding . His will power was strong , and he determined not to give way to the mysterious influence which seemed undermining his life . But the pain and annoying symptoms were stronger than his will , and he kept growing gradually worse . About that time he began to notice a difficulty in drawing on his boots , and it was by the greatest effort that he was able to force his feet into them . In this manner several weeks passed by , until finally one night , while in great agony , he discovered that his feet had in a short while , swollen to enormous proportions . The balance of the narrative can best be described in his own words . He said : “ When my wife discovered the fact that I was so bloated , she sent for the doctor immediately . He made a most careful examination and pronounced me in a very serious condition . Notwithstanding his care , I grew worse , and the swelling of my feet gradually extended upward in my body . The top of my head pained me terribly ; indeed , so badly that at times it seemed almost as if it would burst . My feet were painfully cold , and even when surrounded with hot flannels and irons felt as if a strong wind were blowing on them . Next my right leg became paralyzed . This gave me no pain , but it was exceedingly annoying . About this time I began to spit blood most freely , although my lungs were in perfect condition , and I knew it did not come from them . My physicians were careful and untiring in their attentions , but unable to relieve my sufferings . My neighbors and friends thought I was dying and many called to see me , fully twenty-five on a single Sunday that I now recall . At last my agony seemed to culminate in the most intense , sharp pains I have ever known or heard of . If red hot knives sharpened to the highest degree had been run through my body constantly they could not have hurt me worse . I would spring up in bed , sometimes as much as three feet , cry out in my agony and long for death . One night the misery was so intense that I arose and attempted to go into the next room , but was unable to lift my swollen feet above the little threshold that obstructed them . I fell back upon the bed and gasped in my agony , but felt unable even to breathe . It seemed like death . “ Several years ago Rev . Dr. J. E. Rankin , now of Washington , was stationed here as pastor of the Congregational church . We all admired and respected him , and my wife remembered seeing somewhere that he had spoken in the highest terms of a preparation which had cured some of his intimate friends . We determined to try this remedy , accordingly sent for it , and , to make a long story short , it completely restored my health , brought me back from the grave , and I owe all I have in the way of health and strength to Warner 's Safe Cure , better known as Warner 's Safe Kidney and Liver Cure . I am positive that if I had taken this medicine when I felt the first symptoms above described , I might have avoided all the agony I afterward endured , to say nothing of the narrow escape I had from death . ” In order that all possible facts bearing upon the subject might be known , I called on Dr. Oscar F. Fassett , who was for nineteen years United States Examining Surgeon , and who attended Mr. Jacques during his sickness . He stated that Mr. Jacques had a most pronounced case of Albuminuria or Bright 's disease of the kidneys . That an analysis showed the presence of albumen and casts in great abundance and that he was in a condition where few if any ever recover . His recovery was due to Warner 's Safe Cure . Mr. John W. Hobart , General Manager of the Vermont Central railroad , stated that Mr. Jacques was one of the best and most faithful of his employes , that his sickness had been an exceedingly severe one and the company were not only glad to again have his services , but grateful to the remedy that had cured so valuable a man . Mr. James M. Foss , assistant superintendent and master mechanic of the Vermont Central railroad , is also able to confirm this . I do not claim to be a great discoverer , but I do think I have found in the above a most remarkable case and knowing the unusual increase of Bright 's disease feel that the public should have the benefit of it . It seems to me a remedy that can accomplish so much in the last stages ought do even more for the first approach of this deceptive yet terrible trouble . F. B . To be ruined your own way is some comfort . When so many people would ruin us , it is a triumph over the villany of the world to be ruined after one 's own pattern . MISCELLANEOUS . ONE CENT invested in a postal card and addressed as below WILL give to the writer full information as to the best lands in the United States now for sale ; how he can BUY them on the lowest and best terms , also the full text of the U. S. land laws and how to secure 320 ACRES of Government Lands in Northwestern Minnesota and Northeastern Dakota . ADDRESS : JAMES B . POWER , Land and Emigration Commissioner , ST. PAUL , MINN . MEDICAL . DISEASE CURED Without Medicine . A Valuable Discovery for supplying Magnetism to the Human System . Electricity and Magnetism utilized as never before for Healing the Sick . THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO .' s MAGNETIC KIDNEY BELT ! FOR MEN IS WARRANTED TO CURE Or Money refunded , the following diseases without medicine :— Pain in the Back , Hips , Head , or Limbs , Nervous Debility , Lumbago , General Debility , Rheumatism , Paralysis , Neuralgia , Sciatica , Diseases of the Kidneys , Spinal Diseases , Torpid Liver , GOUT SEMINAL EMISSIONS , IMPOTENCY , ASTHMA , HEART DISEASE , DYSPEPSIA , CONSTIPATION , ERYSIPELAS , INDIGESTION , HERNIA OR RUPTURE , CATARRH , PILES , EPILEPSY , DUMB AGUE , ETC . When any debility of the GENERATIVE ORGANS occurs , LOST VITALITY , LACK OF NERVE FORCE AND VIGOR , WASTING WEAKNESS , and all those Diseases of a personal nature , from whatever cause , the continuous stream of Magnetism permeating through the parts , must restore them to a healthy action . There is no mistake about this appliance . TO THE LADIES :— If you are afflicted with LAME BACK , WEAKNESS OF THE SPINE , FALLING OF THE WOMB , LEUCORRHOEA , CHRONIC INFLAMMATION AND ULCERATION OF THE WOMB , INCIDENTAL HEMORRHAGE OR FLOODING , PAINFUL , SUPPRESSED , AND IRREGULAR MENSTRUATION , BARRENNESS , AND CHANGE OF LIFE , THIS IS THE BEST APPLIANCE AND CURATIVE AGENT KNOWN . For all forms of FEMALE DIFFICULTIES it is unsurpassed by anything before invented , both as a curative agent and as a source of power and vitalization . Price of either Belt with Magnetic Insoles , $ 10 , sent by express C. O. D ., and examination allowed , or by mail on receipt of price . In ordering send measure of waist , and size of shoe . Remittance can be made in currency , sent in letter at our risk . The Magneton Garments are adapted to all ages , are worn over the under-clothing ( NOT NEXT TO THE BODY LIKE THE MANY GALVANIC AND ELECTRIC HUMBUGS ADVERTISED SO EXTENSIVELY ) , and should be taken off at night . They hold their POWER FOREVER , and are worn at all seasons of the year . Send stamp for the “ New Departure in Medical treatment WITHOUT MEDICINE , ” with thousands of testimonials . THE MAGNETON APPLIANCE CO ., 218 STATE STREET . CHICAGO , ILL . NOTE .— Send one dollar in postage stamps or currency ( in letter at our risk ) with size of shoe usually worn , and try a pair of our Magnetic Insoles , and be convinced of the power residing in our other Magnetic Appliances . Positively no cold feet when they are worn , or money refunded . PUBLICATIONS . MARSHALL M. KIRKMAN 'S BOOKS ON RAILROAD TOPICS . DO YOU WANT TO BECOME A RAILROAD MAN IF YOU DO , THE BOOKS DESCRIBED BELOW POINT THE WAY . The most promising field for men of talent and ambition at the present day is the railroad service . The pay is large in many instances , while the service is continuous and honorable . Most of our railroad men began life on the farm . Of this class is the author of the accompanying books descriptive of railway operations , who has been connected continuously with railroads as a subordinate and officer for 27 years . He was brought up on a farm , and began railroading as a lad at $ 7 per month . He has written a number of standard books on various topics connected with the organization , construction , management and policy of railroads . These books are of interest not only to railroad men but to the general reader as well . They are indispensable to the student . They present every phase of railroad life , and are written in an easy and simple style that both interests and instructs . The books are as follows : “ RAILWAY EXPENDITURES — THEIR EXTENT , OBJECT AND ECONOMY . ” — A Practical Treatise on Construction and Operation . In Two Volumes , 850 pages . $ 4. 00 “ HAND BOOK OF RAILWAY EXPENDITURES . ” — Practical Directions for Keeping the Expenditure Accounts . 2. 00 “ RAILWAY REVENUE AND ITS COLLECTION . ” — And Explaining the Organization of Railroads . 2. 50 “ THE BAGGAGE PARCEL AND MAIL TRAFFIC OF RAILROADS . ” — An interesting work on this important service ; 425 pages . 2. 00 “ TRAIN AND STATION SERVICE ” — Giving The Principal Rules and Regulations governing Trains ; 280 pages . 2. 00 “ THE TRACK ACCOUNTS OF RAILROADS . ” — And how they should be kept . Pamphlet . 1. 00 “ THE FREIGHT TRAFFIC WAY-BILL . ” — Its Uses Illustrated and Described . Pamphlet . . 50 “ MUTUAL GUARANTEE . ” — A Treatise on Mutual Suretyship . Pamphlet . . 50 Any of the above books will be sent post paid on receipt of price , by PRAIRIE FARMER PUBLISHING CO ., 150 Monroe St. CHICAGO , ILL . Money should be remitted by express , or by draft check or post office order . MAP Of the United States and Canada , Printed in Colors , size 4 × 2-1 / 2 feet , also a copy of THE PRAIRIE FARMER for one year . Sent to any address for $ 2. 00 . GENERAL NEWS . Florida farmers are now planting Irish potatoes . The St. Charles Hotel , Paducah , Ky ., was burned Sunday night . Another relief party for the Greeley arctic expedition is to be sent out . Wm . H. Guion , of the Steamship firm of Williams has failed for $ 2 , 000 , 000 . Music Hall , in Whitechapel , London , burned on Monday ; loss $ 200 , 000 . Ice has prevented the ferry boats from crossing the St. Clair river at Port Huron . The prohibitionists declare that they will place a presidential ticket in the field next fall . Lowell manufacturers have given employes notice that there will be a reduction of ten per cent in wages beginning Feb. 1 . An elevated road , adapted both to passengers and freight , is to be constructed along the levee at New Orleans within two years . There was a railway wreck , caused by a broken rail , on the Wabash road near Macon , Mo ., on Monday ; several persons were injured . It is estimated that the United States Senate is the wealthiest deliberative body in the world , the seventy-six members of that body representing $ 180 , 000 , 000 . A rumor is in circulation at Ottawa , Canada , that the Canadian Pacific road has asked the government for additional assistance to the amount of $ 14 , 000 , 000 . A colored base-ball club of professionals has been formed at Chicago , and will be ready to take the road May 1 . They are backed by a stock company . It is claimed that there is at the present time between 100 and 150 foreign vessels engaged in the oyster traffic on the Virginia coast without right or authority . The people of Ouray , Col ., lynched Mike Cuddigan and wife Saturday , on suspicion of having murdered a child whom they took from a Catholic asylum at Denver . It is said that the buffaloes have come north of the Missouri river , in Montana , and the Indians killed eleven hundred in one day not far from the mouth of the Musselshell . The horror of the week was the wrecking of the steamer City of Columbus off Martha 's Vineyard , January 19th . There were 129 persons on board of whom ninety-seven were lost . A seal was discovered in the track of the steamer Armstrong , at Morristown , N. Y ., on the St. Lawrence river . This was the third or fourth seal seen in that vicinity in the last half-dozen years . The candle factory of E. L. Schneider & Co ., located on the corner of Wallace and McGregor streets , Chicago , was Sunday swept away by fire . The loss is $ 150 , 000 , and the insurance $ 57 , 000 . The friends of Mr. Hintz , the unsuccessful candidate for postmaster at Elgin , Illinois , threaten to defeat the re-election of Representative Ellwood in the next campaign , who is held responsible for his defeat . Two Irish members of the British Parliament , Matthew Arnold and P. J. Sheridan ,— the latter supposed to be the mysterious No . 1 of the Phoenix Park assassination scheme — are in Chicago the present week . Mrs. Dukes , a sister of the murdered Zura Burns , has left her home in Dakota , in company with her father , to give what she claims is damaging evidence against O . A. Carpenter , before the grand jury at Lincoln , Ill . The matter of the final disposition of the assets of the estate of B. F. Allen is being heard by a register at Des Moines . A firm which has purchased a large share of the claims at 5 per cent offers $ 330 , 000 for the property remaining , but other creditors hold out for $ 400 , 000 . Judge Shepard , in the Superior Court of Chicago , Saturday , dismissed three bills for divorce , holding that when a wife separated from her husband her residence as well as her domicile follows his , and that the Illinois statutes excludes from its courts all suits for divorce in behalf of persons not legal residents . The Onondaga ( New York ) Indians have held another council , at which it was shown that a majority of the nation is opposed to dividing the lands in severally , but is willing to agree to a division of such timber lands as can not be protected against depredations . The Christian party is to be represented at the next conference with the State commissioners . Nearly one-fourth of the business portion of Leipsic , O ., was burned Friday night , and flames swept away 1 , 145 bales of cotton at Murrell 's Point , La ., and twenty-one buildings at Lowell , Mich. A boiler explosion at Cincinnati , in the Corrugating company 's manufactory , Saturday , led to the destruction of $ 50 , 000 in property . Illustration MARKETS . FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL . OFFICE OF THE PRAIRIE FARMER .} CHICAGO . Jan 22 , 1884. } Papers devoted to finance and trade inform us that the number of business failures in 1883 was 9 , 184 against 8 , 782 in the hard times of 1877 . The fear is , that the worst is not yet come , but this feeling happily is not by any means universal among most far seeing business men . The transactions at the Chicago banks were a trifle slower than last week . The regular loan market was quotable on Monday at 6 @ 7 per cent . Eastern exchange was firm at 60c per $ 1 , 000 . The stock markets at the East were a little feverish and here the same feeling was noticeable . There are rumors of financial embarrassment in high places , and Mr. Gould himself is said to be a little nervous over the weakness in many of his stocks . Government securities are as follows : 4 's coupon , 1907 | Q . Apr . | 123-1 / 4 4 's reg ., 1907 | Q . Apr . | 123-1 / 4 4-1 / 2 's coupon , 1891 | Q . Mar . | 114-1 / 8 4-1 / 2 's registered , 1891 | Q . Mar . | 114-1 / 8 3 's registered | Q . Mar . | 100 GRAIN AND PROVISIONS . The receipts of flour at this point for the forty-eight hours ending Monday morning were greatly in excess of those for the corresponding week last year . In wheat last year the receipts were 28 , 007 bushels ; this year 50 , 532 . Corn last year 189 , 661 ; this year 226 , 990 . Flour was unchanged , the article not yet feeling the uncertain condition of the wheat market . Choice to favorite white winters $ 5 25 @ 5 50 Fair to good brands of white winters 4 75 @ 5 00 Good to choice red winters 5 25 @ 5 50 Prime to choice springs 4 75 @ 5 00 Good to choice export stock , in sacks , extras 4 25 @ 4 50 Good to choice export stock , double extras 4 50 @ 4 65 Fair to good Minnesota springs 4 50 @ 4 75 Choice to fancy Minnesota springs 5 25 @ 5 75 Patent springs 6 00 @ 6 50 Low grades 2 25 @ 3 50 WHEAT .— Red winter , No . 3 , 92 ; car lots of spring , No . 2 , sold at 88-3 / 4c ; No . 3 , do . 81 @ 84 . CORN .— Moderately active . Car lots No 2 , 51 @ 52c ; rejected , 43 @ 44 ; new mixed , 48 @ 50-1 / 2c . OATS .— No . 2 in store , closed 32-1 / 2 @ 32-3 / 4 . RYE .— May , in store 57 @ 57-1 / 2 . BARLEY .— No . 2 , 49 in store ; No . 3 , f. o. b . 52-1 / 2c . FLAX .— Closed at $ 1 52 on track . TIMOTHY .—$ 1 31-1 / 2 @ 1 35 per bushel . Little doing . CLOVER .— Quiet at $ 6 05 @ 6 10 for prime . PROVISIONS .— Mess pork , February , $ 14 75 @ 14 78 per bbl ; Green hams , 10-1 / 2c per lb . Short ribs , $ 7 65 per cwt . LARD .— February , $ 8 65 . LUMBER . Lumber unchanged . Quotations for green are as follows : Short dimension , per M $ 9 50 @ 10 00 Long dimension , per M 10 00 @ 11 50 Boards and strips , No . 2 11 00 @ 13 00 Boards and strips , medium 13 00 @ 16 00 Boards and strips , No . 1 choice 16 00 @ 20 00 Shingles , standard 2 10 @ 2 20 Shingles , choice 2 25 @ 2 30 Shingles , extra 2 40 @ 2 60 Lath 1 65 @ 1 70 COUNTRY PRODUCE . NOTE .— The quotations for the articles named in the following list are generally for commission lots of goods and from first hands . While our prices are based as near as may be on the landing or wholesale rates , allowance must be made for selections and the sorting up for store distribution . BRAN .— Quoted at $ 15 @ 12 25 per ton ; BEANS .— Hand picked mediums $ 2 00 @ 2 10 . Hand picked navies , $ 2 15 @ 2 20 . BUTTER .— Dull and without change . Choice to extra creamery , 33 @ 36c per lb . ; fair to good do 25 @ 32c ; fair to choice dairy , 23 @ 28c ; common to choice packing stock fresh and sweet , 18 @ 22c ; ladle packed 10 @ 13c ; fresh made , streaked butter , 9 @ 11c . BROOM-CORN .— Good to choice hurl 6-1 / 2 @ 7-1 / 2c per lb ; green self-working 5 @ 6c ; red-tipped and pale do 4 @ 5c ; inside and covers 3 @ 4c ; common short corn 2-1 / 2 @ 3-1 / 2c ; crooked , and damaged , 2 @ 4c , according to quality . CHEESE .— Choice full-cream cheddars 13 @ 13-1 / 2c per lb ; medium quality do 9 @ 10c ; good to prime full cream flats 13 @ 13-3 / 4c ; skimmed cheddars 9 @ 10c ; good skimmed flats 7 @ 9c ; hard-skimmed and common stock 3 @ 4c . EGGS .— In a small way the best brands are quotable at 27 @ 28c per dozen ; 20 @ 23c for good ice house stock ; 15 @ 18c per pickled . HAY .— No 1 timothy $ 9 @ 9 50 per ton ; No 2 do $ 8 00 @ 8 50 ; mixed do $ 7 @ 8 ; upland prairie $ 8 00 @ 10 75 ; No 1 prairie $ 6 @ 7 ; No 2 do $ 4 50 @ 5 50 . Small bales sell at 25 @ 50c per ton more than large bales . HIDES AND PELTS .— Green-cured light hides 8-1 / 4c per lb ; do heavy cows 8c ; No 2 damaged green-salted hides 6c ; green-salted calf 12 @ 12-1 / 2 cents ; green-salted bull 6c ; dry-salted hides 11 cents ; No . 2 two-thirds price ; No . 1 dry flint 14 @ 14-1 / 2c . Sheep pelts salable at 28 @ 32c for the estimated amount of wash wool on each pelt . All branded and scratched hides are discounted 15 per cent from the price of No . 1 . HOPS .— Prime to choice New York State hops 25 @ 26c per lb ; Pacific coast of 23 @ 26c : fair to good Wisconsin 15 @ 20c . POULTRY .— Prices for good to choice dry picked and unfrozen lots are : Turkeys 13 @ 14c per lb ; chickens 9 @ 10c ; ducks 12 @ 13c ; geese 9 @ 11c . Thin , undesirable , and frozen stock 2 @ 3c per lb less than these figures ; live offerings nominal . POTATOES .— Good to choice 30 @ 33c per bu . on track ; common to fair 30 @ 35c . Illinois sweet potatoes range at $ 3 50 @ 4 per bbl for yellow . TALLOW AND GREASE .— No 1 country tallow 7 @ 7-1 / 4c per lb ; No 2 do 6-1 / 4 @ 6-1 / 2c . Prime white grease 6 @ 6-1 / 2c ; yellow 5-1 / 4 @ 5-3 / 4c ; brown 4-1 / 2 @ 5 . VEGETABLES .— Cabbage , $ 8 @ 12 per 100 ; celery , 25 @ 35c per doz bunches ; onions , $ 1 00 @ 1 25 per bbl for yellow , and $ 1 for red ; turnips , $ 1 35 @ 1 50 per bbl for rutabagas , and $ 1 00 for white flat . WOOL .— from store range as follows for bright wools from Wisconsin , Illinois , Michigan , Indiana , and Eastern Iowa — dark Western lots generally ranging at 1 @ 2c per lb . less . Coarse and dingy tub 25 @ 30 Good medium tub 31 @ 34 Unwashed bucks ’ fleeces 14 @ 15 Fine unwashed heavy fleeces 18 @ 22 Fine light unwashed heavy fleeces 22 @ 23 Coarse unwashed fleeces 21 @ 22 Low medium unwashed fleeces 24 @ 25 Fine medium unwashed fleeces 26 @ 27 Fine washed fleeces 32 @ 33 Coarse washed fleeces 26 @ 28 Low medium washed fleeces 30 @ 32 Fine medium washed fleeces 34 @ 35 Colorado and Territory wools range as follows : Lowest grades 14 @ 16 Low medium 18 @ 22 Medium 22 @ 26 Fine 16 @ 24 Wools from New Mexico : Lowest grades 14 @ 16 Part improved 16 @ 17 Best Improved 19 @ 23 Burry from 2c to 10c off ; black 2c to 5c off . LIVE STOCK MARKETS . The total receipts and shipments for last week were as follows : Received . Shipped . Cattle 42 , 110 18 , 986 Calves 527 346 Hogs 140 , 814 34 , 161 Sheep 24 , 600 11 , 815 CATTLE .— Very few choice lots are coming in . Receipts have fallen off some 3 , 000 head . Of those that arrive the “ unripe ” predominate . Some of our feeders are undoubtedly inclined to market too young . Some cattle by experienced breeders and feeders may be “ ripened ” at two years , but in the majority of cases , especially with anything else than high grade short-horns , this can not be done . There is more money in holding common stock a few months longer . The feeling on Monday was very firm , and prices advanced considerably . Good heavy cattle brought as high as $ 6 65 , though the majority sold at less . Six steers averaging 1 , 523 lbs brought $ 7 . Cattle for shippers and canners went at $ 4 65 @ 5 ; bulls $ 2 50 @ 4 ; cows $ 2 25 @ 4 75 ; stockers and feeders scarce at $ 3 40 @ 4 45 with some of the latter at $ 4 50 @ 5 . HOGS .— The hogs now arriving are light and the number is not large . Since November 1st , Chicago packers have put up 325 , 000 less hogs than for the corresponding period last year , and the total packing of the country has fallen off 285 , 000 head . Our packing houses are now running to about one half their capacity . Prices are firm . Common to fair stock $ 5 25 @ 5 75 ; good to choice heavy $ 5 80 @ 6 30 ; skips and culls $ 4 25 @ 5 15 . Note .— All sales of hogs are made subject to a shrinkage of 40 lbs for piggy sows and 80 lbs for stags . Dead hogs sell for 1-1 / 2c per lb for