PUNCHINELLO , Vol . I , Issue 10 SATURDAY , JUNE 4 , 1870 . PUBLISHED BY THE PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY , 83 NASSAU STREET , NEW-YORK . Vol . I . No . 10 . CONANT 'S PATENT BINDERS FOR “ PUNCHINELLO , ” to preserve the paper for binding , will be sent , post-paid , on receipt of One Dollar , by PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO ., 83 Nassau Street , New York City . TO NEWS-DEALERS . PUNCHINELLO 'S MONTHLY . THE FIVE NUMBERS FOR APRIL , Bound in a Handsome Cover , IS NOW READY . Price , Fifty Cents . THE TRADE SUPPLIED BY THE AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY , Who are now prepared to receive Orders . HARRISON BRADFORD & CO .' S STEEL PENS . These pens are of a finer quality , more durable , and cheaper than any other Pen in the market . Special attention is called to the following grades , as being better suited for business purposes than any Pen manufactured . The “ 505 , ” “ 22 , ” and the “ Anti-Corrosive , ” We recommend for bank and office use . D. APPLETON & CO ., Sole Agents for United States . Sidenote : See 15th page for Extra Premiums . Will Shortly appear : Our New Serial , written expressly for Punchinello , by ORPHEUS C. KERR , Entitled , “ The Mystery of Mr. E. Drood . ” To be continued weekly during this year . APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN “ PUNCHINELLO ” Should be addressed to J. NICKINSON , Room No . 4 , 83 NASSAU STREET . Notice to Ladies . DIBBLEE , Of 854 Broadway , Has just received a large assortment of all the latest styles of Chignons , Chatelaines , etc . FROM PARIS . Comprising the following beautiful varieties : La Coquette , La Plenitude , Le Bouquet , La Sirene , L'Imperatrice etc ., At prices varying from $ 2 upward . PHELAN & COLLENDER , MANUFACTURERS OF Standard American Billiard Tables . WAREROOMS AND OFFICE , 738 BROADWAY , NEW-YORK . NEW-YORK CITIZEN AND ROUND TABLE , A Literary , Political , and Sporting paper , with the best writers in each department . Published every Saturday . PRICE — Ten Cents . 32 Beckman Street . [ Hercules with club and Apple of the Hesperides ] COPYRIGHT SECURED . HERCULES MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF THE UNITED STATES . No . 240 Broadway , New-York . POLICIES NON-FORFEITABLE . All Policies Entitled to Participation in Profits . Dividends Declared Annually . JAMES D. REYMERT , President . ASHER S. MILLS , Secretary . THOMAS H. WHITE , M. D ., Medical Examiner . ACTIVE AGENTS WANTED . THE MERCHANTS Life Insurance Company OF NEW-YORK . OFFICE , 257 BROADWAY , ORGANIZED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW-YORK . Issues all kinds of Life and Endowment Policies on the Mutual System , free from restriction on travel and occupation , which permit residence anywhere without extra charge . Premiums may be paid annually , semi-annually , or quarterly in cash . All Policies are non-forfeitable , and participate in the profits of the Company . Dividends are made annually , on the Contribution plan . Pamphlets containing Rates of Premium , and information on the subject of Life Insurance , may be obtained at the office of the Company , or any of its Agents . Parties desiring to represent this Company in the capacity of Agents will please address the New-York Office . WILLIAM T. PHIPPS President . A. D. HOLLY , Secretary . HENRY HILTON , Counsel . O. S . PAINE , M. D. Medical Examiner C. H . KING , M. D . Asst . Med Ex . Each Agent in direct communication with the New-York Office . Mercantile Library Clinton Hall , Astor Place , NEW-YORK . This is now the largest circulating Library in America , the number of volumes on its shelves being 114 , 000 . About 1000 volumes are added each month ; and very large purchases are made of all new and popular works . Books are delivered at members ’ residences for five cents each delivery . TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP : TO CLERKS , $ 1 Initiation , $ 3 Annual Dues . TO OTHERS , $ 5 a year . SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN FOR SIX MONTHS . BRANCH OFFICES AT NO . 76 CEDAR STREET , NEW-YORK , AND AT Yonkers , Norwalk , Stamford , and Elizabeth . AMERICAN BUTTONHOLE , OVERSEAMING , AND SEWING-MACHINE CO ., 572 and 574 Broadway , New-York . This great combination machine is the last and greatest improvement on all the former machines , making , in addition to all work done on best Lock-Stitch machines , beautiful BUTTON AND EYELET HOLES , in all fabrics . Machine , with finely finished OILED WALNUT TABLE AND COVER complete , $ 75 . Same machine , without the buttonhole parts , $ 50 . This last is beyond all question the simplest , easiest to manage and to keep in order , of any machine in the market . Machines warranted , and full instruction given to purchasers . HENRY SPEAR . PRINTER-LITHOGRAPHER STATIONER BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER . 82 WALL ST. NEW YORK . J. NICKINSON begs to announce to the friends of “ PUNCHINELLO ” residing in the country , that , for their convenience , he has Made arrangements by which , on receipt of the price of ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED . the same will be forwarded , postage paid . Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps . OFFICE OF PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO . 83 Nassau Street , P. O . Box 2783 . WHAT WE MAY CONFIDENTLY LOOK FOR . Jurywoman . “ I BEG TO INTERRUPT THE COURT WITH THE REQUEST THAT , BEFORE THE CASE PROCEEDS ANY FURTHER , THE SHERIFF BE DIRECTED TO PROVIDE THE JURYMAN ON MY RIGHT WITH A BOTTLE OF LURIN 'S EXTRACT , OTHERWISE THE FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE JURY WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES , ” etc ., etc .] A CONSISTENT LEAGUE . Immediately upon McFarland 's acquittal , the Union League of Philadelphia determined to give a grand ball . And they did it . And , what is more , they intend to do it every time the majesty of any kind of Union is vindicated . Except , of course , the union of the “ Iron interest ” and the public good . One of the most valuable and instructive features of this ball was , the grand opportunity it offered to the members of the League to show their respect and affection for the spirit of the Fifteenth Amendment , Accordingly , they invited a large number of colored ladies and gentlemen , and the accursed spirit of caste was completely exorcised by the exercises of the evening . The halls were grandly decorated with blackberry and gooseberry bushes , and other rare plants ; sumptuous fountains squirted high great streams of XX ale and gin-and-milk ; enormous piles of panned oysters , lobster salad , Charlotte Russe , and rice-pudding blocked up half the doorways , while within the dancing hall the merriment was kept up grandly . The ball was opened by a grand Cross-match waltz in which Hon . MORTON MCMICHAEL and Mrs. DINAH J — N ; GEORGE H. BOKER and Miss CHLOE P — T — N ; WILLIAM D. KELLEY and Aunty Di . LU-V-I-A-N ; A. BORIE and Miss E. G — N ; Gen. TYNDALE and Miss MAY OR — TY , and several other distinguished couples twirled their fantastic toes in the most reckless abandon . Virginia reels , Ole Kentucky break-downs , and other characteristic dances diversified the ordinary Terpsichorean programme , and the dancing was kept up to a late hour . It was truly gratifying to every consistent supporter of the enfranchisement of the African race , to see such gentlemen as Senator REVELS , FREDERICK DOUGLASS , Mr. PURVIS , and other prominent colored citizens , in the halls of this patriotic and thoroughly American Society . The members of the League were evidently of the opinion that it would be a most flagrant shame , on an occasion of this kind , for them to deny to their colored fellow citizens the rights and privileges that they are so anxious shall be accorded them by every one else ; and , while they do not believe that they are bound to invite any one — black or white — to their private reunions on account of political considerations , they do not attempt to deny that , on an occasion of this kind — a celebration in fact of the success of a political party — it would be most shameful to ostracize the very citizens for whom that party labored and conquered . Therefore it was that they so warmly welcomed , within their gorgeous halls , their colored fellow-citizens , and by so doing won for themselves the approbation of every consistent American . It was one of the most affecting sights of the evening to see these gentlemen of the League , nobly trampling under their feet all base considerations of color and caste , and walking arm and arm with their colored sisters ; smelling the exotics ; admiring the groups of statuary ; sipping the coffee and the punch ; pricing the crimson curtains ; inhaling the perfumes from the cologne-water fountains ; ascending and descending the grand walnut staircase ( arranged for this occasion only ) ; listening to the birds in the conservatories ; and fixing their hair in the magnificent dressing-rooms . When , in the midst of the festivities the band struck up the beautiful air , “ Ask me no more ! ” the honored guests of color looked at each other with pleasant smiles which seemed to denote a perfect satisfaction . And so , whatever may be said of the friends of the colored race in other parts of the country , it must be universally admitted that the Union League of Philadelphia has done its duty ! Good Reading for Topers . MR. GREELEY 's “ Recollections of a Boozy Life . ” Sporting Intelligence . A NEWSPAPER item says that “ a Mexican offers to shoot JUAREZ for $ 200 . ” That 's nothing . TAYLOR , of Jersey City , offers to shoot any man in the world for $ 2000 . The Favorite Drink of the Canadian Government . CABINET Whiskey . Entered , according to Act of Congress , in the year 1870 , by the PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY , in the Clerk 's Office of the District Court of the United States , for the Southern District of New-York . PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE . The public still labor under misapprehensions of our character and calling . We are in daily receipt of letters of the most heterogeneous description , the task of answering which we are compelled to utterly forego . We subjoin a few specimens : “ MR. PUNCHINELLO . Dear Sir : My wife died yesterday , and would you be so kind as to come and make her will ? I would not give you the trouble of coming , but the young woman I intend to marry next is going away to-morrow , and I do n't want to leave home . My wife had five hundred dollars which I want left to me , and a feather bed , which you may divide amongst the children . “ Yours in affliction , “ SOLOMON SNIPP . ” “ SIR : I calculate to give a funeral down at my place shortly , that is , if things go right ; but we have no preacher to do the work . Would you please to send us one ? Not particular what kind , so long as the work is sure . Party is not dead yet , but I make arrangements beforehand as I expect to be insane . Good pay for good work . “ Sincerely , “ P. MCFINIGAN . “ P. S. Do preachers warrant their burials ? ” “ DEAR MR. PUNCHINELLO :— You were so good as to prescribe a hot pitch plaster for the baby 's mouth . Next day I took the prescription to your office , but failed to get it made up , as the devil , they told me , was busy . Will you please inform me when you will be at leisure ? Meanwhile baby yells . “ Yours truly , “ C. PUGSBY . “ P. S . Later . Mrs. PUGSBY says if I apply that plaster she will go insane . True , she does not understand fire-arms , but then I should be afraid to drink any coffee for a month . In the meantime , if the baby keeps on , I shall go crazy myself ; so there is likely to be a casualty somewhere . What 's to be done ? Shall I bring the child to you ? “ C. P . ” Answer . At your peril . Go crazy and shoot it ; then we will go crazy and turn counsel for the defence . The result will probably be that you are handed over to the ladies to be kissed into reason ; but if you would rather be hung , you must do the shooting over in New-Jersey . “ BEAUTIFUL SNOW . ” Circumstances having rendered it probable that the dispute respecting the authorship of the poem “ Beautiful Snow ” may shortly be revived , PUNCHINELLO takes this opportunity of setting the public right on the subject , and silencing further controversy regarding it for ever . It is the production of Mr. PUNCHINELLO , himself ; was composed by him so long ago as July , 1780 , and copyrighted in August of the same year . It may be asked how the idea of snow-flakes happened to occur to him in July . That question is easily settled . The day was sultry ; thermometer 98 deg . in the arbor . Drowsed by the sultry air — not to mention the iced claret — Mr. PUNCHINELLO posed himself gracefully upon a rustic bench , and slept . Presently the lovely lady who was fanning him , fascinated by the trumpet tones that preceded from his nose , exclaimed : “ Beautiful Snore ! ” This was repeated to him when he awoke , and hence the origin of the poem . Fish Culture . The Grand Duke ALEXIS , of Russia , proposes to come to these shores and inspect the American system of fish culture . With this end in view , he will , of course , be the particular guest of Gen. GRANT , and will , no doubt , be surprised to find that our principal FISH is a cultivated man . But he will better understand our FISH system by witnessing its operations in Spanish and Canadian waters , as also in those of Sault St. Marie . Linsey-Woolsey . The regular troops for the Canadian Red River Expedition have been supplied by Gen. LINDSEY , and are commanded by Col. WOLSLEY — a fact oddly co-incidental with the reported flimsy character of the expedition , so far as it has gone . TOO TRUE ! Scene-Academy . Time-Spring of 70 . Miss Smith . “ WHAT DOES ‘ N. A . ’ MEAN AFTER SOME OF THESE ARTISTS ’ NAMES ? ” Miss Brown . “ N. A . WHY IT MUST MEAN ‘ NEEDY ARTISTS . ’ POOR FELLOWS ! ” Bivalvulor Intelligence . It is stated that the clams along the Stratford shore are dying by thousands of a malignant disease , which a correspondent of the Bridgeport Standard calls “ clam cholera . ” This is a sad c'lamity for the people of the Stratford shore . The Fifteenth Amendment . The appointment of colored postmasters in Maryland may be all very well ; but PUNCHINELLO would like to know whether the Post-office authorities intend to revive the custom of Blackmailing . THE PLAYS AND SHOWS . C Comedy personified , in Mr. CLARKE , has now reigned at BOOTH 'S for nearly six weeks . During that time there has been a perceptible change in the metaphorical atmosphere of the house . The audience no longer wears the look of subdued melancholy which was once involuntarily assumed by each mourner for the memory of SHAKSPEARE , who passed the solemn threshold . The ushers no longer find it necessary to sustain their depressed spirits by the surreptitious chewing of the quid of consolation , and are now the most pleasant , as they were always the most courteous , of their kind . Persons have even been heard , within the past week , to allude to BOOTH 'S as a “ theatre , ” instead of a “ temple of art ; ” and though the convulsions of nature which attend the shifting of the scenery , and cause castles to be violently thrown up by volcanic eruptions and forests to be suddenly swallowed by gaping earthquakes , impart a certain solemnity to the brightest of comedies , still there is a general impression among the audience that BOOTH 'S has become a place of amusement . And in noting this change PUNCHINELLO does not mean to jeer at the former and normal character of BOOTH 'S . BEETHOVEN 'S Seventh Symphony , DANTE 'S Inferno , JEFFERSON 'S Rip Van Winkle , and EDWIN BOOTH 'S Hamlet are not amusing , but it does not follow that they are therefore unworthy of the attention of the public , which is pleased with the rattle of De Boots , and tickled with the straw of Toodles . FOX vs . GOOSE is a three act comedy in which Mr. CLARKE last week made his audience laugh as freely as though the tomb-stones of all the Capulets were not gleaming white and awful in the lamplight of the property-room ; or , at all events , would be gleaming if any body were to hunt them up with a practicable lantern . The opening scene is the tap-room of an inn , where Mr. FOX FOWLER , an adventurer , is taking his ease and his unpaid-for gin-and-milk . Enter Landlord , presenting his bill . “ Here , sir , you 've been drinking my beer for several years , and now I want you to pay for it . ” Fox . “ My friend ! why ask me to pay bills ? Do you not perceive that I wear a velvet coat ? And , besides , even if I wanted to pay I could not until my baggage , which I gave to an expressman ten years ago , shall reach me . It will probably arrive in a month or two more . ” Landlord . “ Here comes Sir GANDER GOSLING . I 'll complain to him of your conduct . ” ( Enter Sir Gander .) Fox . “ My dear Sir GANDER . Allow me to embrace you . ” Sir Gander . “ I do n't know you . I 'm not my son JACK . ” Fox . “ But I am Jack 's dearest friend . I have saved him from drowning , from matrimony , from reading the Nation , from mothers-in-law , and all other calamities mentioned in the litany . ” Sir Gander . “ Describe him to me , if you know him so well . ” Fox . “ He is tall , dark , slender , and quiet in manner . ” Sir Gander . “ My dear fellow he is short , fat , light , and noisy . I am convinced that you know him . Permit me to pay your bill , lend you money , and tell you all about our dear JACK 'S intended marriage . ” ( He pays , lends , and narrates accordingly . A terrific rattling of dishpans simulates the arrival of a train . Sir GANDER departs and JACK GOSLING enters .) Fox . “ My dear JACK , allow me to embrace you . ” Jack . “ I do n't know you . I 'm not my father . ” Fox . “ But I am your father 's dearest friend . Sit down and have a bottle of wine , and tell me all about ROSE MANDRAKE , your intends bride . ‘ Rose ! Rose ! the coal black Rose ! ’ as MILTON finely remarks . ” ( They sit down and JACK immediately gets very drunk , thereby affording another proof of the horribly adulterated condition of the liquor used on the stage , which infallibly intoxicates an actor within two minutes after it is imbibed . [ Let the Excise authorities see to this matter .] Finally JACK falls , and the curtain immediately follows his example .) Critical Young Man , who reads all the theatrical “ notices ” in the Herald in the leisure moments when he is not selling yards of tape and ribbon . “ I do n't think much of CLARKE . He ai n't half the man that NED FORREST is . There ai n't a bit of spontanatious humor in him . Them San Francisco Minstrels can beat him out of sight . ” Accompanying Young Female Person . “ Yes , I think so , too . I hate to see a man act drunk . It 's so low and vulgar . I like pretty plays , like they have at WALLACK 'S . ” Respectable Old Gentleman . “ PLACIDE — BLAKE — BURTON — ” Every Body Else . “ Well , this is real humor ; I have n't laughed so much since I heard BEECHER preach a funeral sermon . ” The second act takes place in the house of Major MANDRAKE . Fox has successfully assumed the character of JACK GOSLING , and is having a pleasant chat with the family , when the gardener enters to inform the Major that a flock of crows is in sight . Major Mandrake . “ I love the pleasures of the chase . Bring my gun , and I will shoot the crows . ” ( He goes out , and shoots JACK , who is climbing over the gate . Re-enter Major and men carrying JACK .) Major . “ Alas ! I have missed the crow over the cornfield , and lost the crow over my shooting which I would otherwise have had . Also I have shot a man out of season , and the sportsmen 's club will prosecute me . ” Jack . “ I am not dead , though my appearance and conversation might induce you to think so . My name is JACK GOSLING . The chap in the velvet coat is an impostor . ” Major , Fox , and other dramatis persons . “ Away with the wretch ! He himself is the impostor . Call a policeman who will club him if he makes no resistance . ” JACK is dragged away , but perpetually returns and denounces his rival . He is bitten by suppositious dogs cunningly simulated by stage carpenters , who remark “ bow wow ” from behind the scenes . He is cut by ROSE MANDRAKE , and also by rows of broken bottles , which line the top of the wall on which he makes a perilous perch , not having a pole or rod with which to defend himself against the dogs . He is challenged by Fox and seconded by Miss BLANCHE BE BAR in naval uniform . Finally he takes refuge in the china closet , and hurls cheap plates and saucers at his foes . With the exhaustion of the supply of crockery , the act naturally comes to an end , and , as frequently occurs in similar cases , the curtain falls . Comic Man . “ Why does CLARKE , when he slings china at the company , remind you of the Paraguayan war ? Of course you give it up . Because he carries on a war on the Plate . Do you see it ? Crockery plates and the river Plate , you know . Ha ! ha ! ” And two ushers , reinforced by a special policeman , drag the miserable man away , and lead him to MAGONIGLE 'S private room , there to be dealt with for the hideous crime of making infamous jokes in BOOTH 'S theatre . He is never seen again , and so the Philadelphia Day loses its brightest ornament . The third act consists of a duel between JACK and FOX , each of whom is too cowardly to fight . They therefore follow the safer example of rival editors , and swear and scold at each other . At last a small millennium of universal reconciliation takes place , and the usual old comedy “ tag ” ends the play . ( Parenthetically , why “ tag ? ” Does it receive this name because its invariable stupidity suggests those other worthless commodities “ rag ” and “ bob-tail , ” which , outside of theatres , are generally associated with the name .) And every body goes away murmuring of the genial humor of CLARKE , the magical violin of MOLLENHAUER , the elegance , convenience and comfort of the theatre , the matchless memory of BOOTH 'S Hamlet and Iago , and the golden certainty of the coming of Rip Van Winkle . And every body is supremely satisfied , and says to every body else , “ This theatre needs only a company , to be the foremost theatre of either continent . ” MATADOR . Remarks by Our Stammering Contributor . The up-town theatrical sensation is , we hear , produced “ regardless of expense . ” We had reason to think that its managers would show more Frou-frou-frugality . PISCATORY DISCUSSION . Uncle Walton . “ THAR ! DIDN'T I TOLE YER ? KNOW 'D HE COULDN'T KETCH NO FISH WID DAT ‘ AR BUGGY-WHIP OF A THING ! ” Isaac . “ YAH ! DON'T TALK !— WAIT TILL HE TURNS DAT ‘ AR CRANK , AND SEE IF DE PEERCH DON'T COME A-WINDIN ’ IN ! ” ] COMIC ZOOLOGY . THE MONKEY TRIBE . Of this genus there are countless varieties , differing widely in the cut of their monkey jackets , as the untravelled American naturalist will doubtless have observed on traversing his native sidewalk . The educated specimens met with in our cities are upon the whole well Organized , and appear to have music in their soles . For its feats a pied , the tame monkey is indebted to a Piedmontese who accompanies him . To behold the monkey race in their glory , however , they must be seen in their native woods , where they dwell in genteel independence , enjoying their entailed estates and living on their own cocoa nuts . There will be found the Gibbon , whose Decline and Fall when yielding the Palm to some aspiring rival is swifter than that of the Roman Empire ; the Barberry Ape , so called from feeding exclusively on Barberries ; the Chimpanzee — an African corruption of Jump-and-see , the name given to the animal by his first European discoverers in compliment to his alertness ; the Baboon , a melancholy brute that , as you may observe from his visage , always has the blues ; to say nothing of a legion of Red Monkeys , which are particularly Rum Customers . Some men of science have advanced the theory that man is the climactic consequence of innumerable improvements of the monkey ; the negro as he now exists being the result of the Fifteenth Amendment . These philosophers erect a sort of pyramid of progress , placing an Ape at the base and a Caucasian at the Apex . This wild hypothesis of a monkey apotheosis can of coarse only be regarded Jockolarly , in other words , with a grin . Nevertheless the Marmozet is sufficiently like a little Frenchwoman to be called a Ma'amoiselle , and there are ( in New-Zealand for instance ) human heathen with a craving for the Divine , to whom the Gorilla , though not a man , is certainly a brother . Possibly the Orang Outang , if able to express his thoughts in an harangue , might say with Mr. DICKENS , “ I am very human . ” He certainly looks it . There is a strong facial resemblance among the simious races — Simia Similibus . This likeness does not , however , extend in all cases to the opposite extremity . Some monkeys have no tails . Of the tailless Apes it is said that they originally erased their rear appendages by too much sitting — perhaps as members of the “ Rump ” in some Anthropoid Congress . Be that as it may , the varieties that have retained their tails seem disposed to hang on to them , and will doubtless continue to do so by hook or by crook . The natives of Africa believe that the monkeys would converse with them if they were not afraid of being set to work ; but it is quite apparent that they are not averse either to labor or conversation , inasmuch as among themselves they frequently Mow and Chatter . THE GREAT AFRICAN TEA COMPANY . MR. PUNCHINELLO : If I can induce you to take a few shares in the above-named Co. ( at a merely nominal price , I assure you ,) I think I shall do you a very great favor , and at the same time secure to the Co. the benefit of your enormous influence . The Grand Points , in this unequalled Scheme , may be explained as follows : The Tea is from the new African Tea Fields , ( that is the holds of ships in which it has spoiled , or become musty , or lost its bouquet , and the old chests of the usual dealers ,) and is delivered in our ware-rooms for a mere song , so to speak : say the Song of Sixpence ( a pound .) At a small additional outlay , we dye and scour this Tea , or otherwise Renovate it to such an extent that Nature herself would be deceived , at least till she began to sip the decoction from it , when , perhaps , she would conclude not to try any further issues with this Co . These African Tea Fields ( cultivated by Ourselves ) are “ situated near the Cape of Good Hope . ” From the recent appreciation of African Interests ( and , of course , technology ,) you will perceive that in our Name and Scheme is Good Hope indeed , for the Stockholders , if not the tea-drinkers . Our system of business embraces , in part , the following ingenious and strictly novel features : By means of circulars and extensive advertising we convince the public ( an easy task ) that , in consequence of Raising the Tea Ourselves , from “ Our Own Tea Fields , ” ( and thus saving a great many profits to different absorbents of the people 's money ,) we can afford it at ruinously low prices , yet the Tea is always A . 1 . ( which , in familiar language , might be construed as A Wonder especially to the Chinese .) We make a great variety out of the same stock ! One may always know the Great A. Co .' s Tea from the circumstance of it 's never having either odor or flavor . We find , after ample experience , that the presence of either of these qualities directly injures the sale . Give it plenty of Astringency ( an easy knack ) and it will be sure to go down in this country . It is our experience ( and that of many other Operators of our kind — or upon our kind , if you prefer the phrase ,) that people like to be imposed upon , and can always be taken with the Economical hook . If an article ( of Tea , for instance ) is only “ cheap ” enough , it may be ever so nasty and unwholesome , and yet it will Sell ! Sell ? Bless you ! you can n't produce it fast enough — even from your Own Tea Fields ! We make an article of Coffee ( which we have almost decided to call Cuffee ) that has as much Color in one pound as the real ( an inferior ) article has in six ! Boarding-house keepers praise it ! It goes far , and is actually preferred to Mocha ! We sell it for less than the latter could be bought for at wholesale , in Arabia , and yet you will readily believe we make money by it . A few shares will be sold to you for a mere fraction of their nominal value . Call and see us , at the sign of the GREAT AFRICAN ( TEA CO .) T. T. T. ( for the Co .) OUR CUBAN TELEGRAMS . We are happy to inform our readers that we have made a special arrangement with the telegraph companies , by which we shall receive the only reliable news from Cuba . The following telegrams from Havana , which were received at this office at a late hour last night , will show how full and accurate our Cuban news will henceforth be : FIRST DISPATCH . HAVANA , May 26th , 9 P. M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — A great battle was fought yesterday between the National army and the Spanish Cut-throats . General CESPEDES , with five hundred men , attacked VALMESEDA , who had eleven thousand men in a strong position , and completely routed him . The Invaders lost ten thousand in killed and wounded , and nine hundred prisoners . Twenty pieces of artillery were captured . This blow will crush the Spanish brigands , and make certain the independence of the island . Our loss was trifling — only a drummer-boy or two . SECOND DISPATCH . 9 : 30 P. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — A great battle was fought yesterday between the loyal army and the rebel hordes . General VALMESADA , with five hundred men , attacked CESPEDES , who had eleven thousand men in a strong position , and completely routed him . The brigands lost ten thousand in killed and wounded , and nine hundred prisoners . Twenty pieces of artillery were captured . This blow will crush the rebels , and make certain the establishment of order in the island . Our loss was trifling — only a sutler or two . THIRD DISPATCH . 10 P. M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — Our victory was more complete than at first believed . Only two Spaniards escaped . Our only loss was one drummer-boy slightly wounded . FOURTH DISPATCH . 10 : 30 P. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — Our victory was more complete than was at first believed . Only two rebels escaped . Our only loss was one sutler somewhat demoralized . FIFTH DISPATCH . 11 P. M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — CESPEDES had only two hundred men , and VALMESADA eight thousand . The latter is reported killed . The victory was complete . SIXTH DISPATCH . 11 : 30 P. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — VALMESEDA had only two hundred men , and CESPEDES eight thousand . The latter is reported killed . The victory was complete . SEVENTH DISPATCH . 12 M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — The battle was not so bloody as was at first reported . The Patriots had fifty men , and were greatly outnumbered . Several dead Spaniards were left on the field . No artillery was captured , but a great quantity of supplies was taken . EIGHTH DISPATCH . 12 : 30 A. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — The battle was not so bloody as was at first reported . The loyal force consisted of only fifty men , and many dead rebels were left on the field . No artillery was captured , but a great quantity of bananas was taken . NINTH DISPATCH . 1 A. M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — It is now known that the battle was only a skirmish . The Spaniards attacked our men in order to seize upon their extra linen . They were repulsed however . TENTH DISPATCH . 1 : 30 A. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — It is now known that the battle was only skirmish . The rebels attacked a hen-roost in search of eggs , but were repulsed . ELEVENTH DISPATCH . 3 A. M .— ( From a Cuban Patriot .) — The rumor of a battle seems to have originated in a fight between a Patriot and a mob of blood-thirsty Spaniards in an alley in this city . The latter managed to escape . TWELFTH DISPATCH . 2 : 30 A. M .— ( From the Spanish Authorities .) — The rumor of a battle evidently grew out of a fight in an alley of this city , between a Volunteer and a mob of rebel sympathizers . The latter were all arrested . THIRTEENTH DISPATCH . 3 A. M .— ( From the American , Consul .) — Yesterday a Cuban boy threw a stone at a dog belonging to one of the volunteers . The dog ran away . All is quiet in the city , and elsewhere on the island . At this point we were compelled to go to press . The above dispatches , however , furnish the latest and only reliable intelligence from Cuba . ONE VIEW OF THE QUESTION . Nervous Man . “ UP FOUR FLIGHTS OF STAIRS , AND THROUGH NO END OF CROOKED PASSAGES . HOW AM I TO GET OUT IN CASE OF FIRE ? ” Polite Waiter . “ NO OCCASION WHATEVER FOR ANXIETY , SIR ; THE HOUSE IS FULLY INSURED . ” ] A Good Turn Meant . THERE is some talk of reviving the Tournament in this region , and the young men are expected to show their skill in “ riding at the ring . ” If our young men were to put any number of good sharp lances through a few of our City Rings , they would be noble and chivalrous fellows , surely . The Dumb Beasts ’ Friend . Mr. BERGH , the philodoggist , is an honest oracle in his way , and when he opes his mouth we hope no cur will be ungrateful enough to bark . He says in his last lecture that dumb animals are creatures like unto himself . That accounts for Mr. BERGH being Deer to the quadrupeds , and such a Terrier to their enemies . Land and Water . An Ocean Cable Company has just asked Congress for a grant of lands . The request is natural , as the Company , of course , wants to see its cable well Landed . The Kellogg Testimonial . Gifts should be seasonable . We therefore signify our highest approval of the judgment of those “ keyind ” friends who lately gave to Miss CLARA LOUISE KELLOGG , our own beloved nightingale , an elegant “ Fruit Receiver . ” Birds , as a rule , are prohibited by law from partaking of fruit , but that is only while it is the on branches ; and , perhaps , if EVE had only possessed an elegant “ Fruit Receiver , ” she might have put the apple into it , instead of eating that most unfortunate pippin , so greatly to human distress and detriment . And , now that Miss CLARA has such a beautiful article to hold them , we suggest that , at her next benefit , instead of the fading and comparatively worthless bouquets , she be presented with a bushel of the very best pippins — and we intend to do it . Latest About Garibaldi . It is stated , now , that GARIBALDI , foiled in his attempts to join the Italian insurgents , is about to throw himself , sword in hand , among the Red River malcontents . This rumor has its origin , probably , in the fact that GARIBALDI usually wears a red shirt . ( Man about to stomp on mole marked “ Arcade RR . ” ) BROADWAY SAVED ! GOVERNOR HOFFMAN PUTS HIS FOOT DOWN UPON THE MOLE THAT WAS GOING TO UNDERMINE OUR GREAT THOROUGHFARE . Stridor Dentium . The Massachusetts Dentists ( excellent men , not to be spoken of without a shudder ) have been holding an annual meeting in Boston . They talked , discussed , suggested and explained ; and then , to show that they were physicians who could heal themselves , they partook together of a most beautiful dinner . We are not told so , but we suppose that the viands on this occasion were of the very toughest description — geese of venerable age , fried heel tops , and beef like unto the beef of a boarding-house . Whether , considering their facilities for mastication , a landlord should not charge the members of a Dental Association double , is a question for casuists . English News . It is noted , as a very remarkable fact , that “ the Member of Parliament for Sheffield first entered that town as an Italian image boy . ” He was the image of his mother . In the Air . Voice at Rome . “ I am the infallible PIO Nono . ” Echo , everywhere . “ ‘ No ! no ! ’ ” Ancient Inscription on the Throne of Spain . M. T . THE ROBINS . Compare a much more “ poetic ” effusion , under this head , in all the American newspapers . There 's a screech upon the housetop , a creak upon the plain , It 's a libel on the sunshine , its a slander on the rain ; And through my brain , in consequence , there darts a horrid thought Of exasperating wheelbarrows , and signs , with torture fraught ! So , all these breezy mornings through my teeth is poured the strain : Confound the odious “ Robins , ” that have now come back again ! They bring a thought of strawberries , which I shall never taste ; Plums , cherries , ditto , ditto , which these maurauders waste — Who never will catch worms and flies , as smaller “ warblers ” do , But want precisely those nice things which grow for me and you ! I muse on all their robberies , and mutter this fierce strain : Confound these odious “ Robins , ” that have now come back again ! Oh , bah ! What bosh these “ poets ” write , about this humbug pet ! Firstly , they 're not true “ Robins , ” but a base , inferior set ; Second , there is no music in their creaking , croaking shriek ; Third , they are slow and stupid — common birds from tail to beak ! Tis said , “ they come so early . ” Well , I 'd rather they 'd come late . They 're simply made for pot-pies , and deserve no better fate . Who ever thought to welcome the ingenious , sprightly Wren ? With his pretty , joyous carol , which should thrill the heart of men ? Now that is music , mind you ! And how small the throat that sings ! Besides , he lets your fruit alone , and lives on other things ! Inspired by this trim fairy , many souls will swell the strain : Confound the odious “ Robins , ” that have now come back again ! CAUTION ! There is shortly to arrive in Paris a dwarf aged about fifty-five years , having a beard reaching to his feet , but with only one arm and a completely bald head . He possesses 2 , 000 , 000 francs , which he is willing to share with any young girl about twenty years old , who is pretty and good tempered . The person above alluded is , unquestionably , our eldest son , Mr. PUNCHINELLO , Jr . He is — we say it with many tears — as great a rascal as any in the world , although no child was ever flogged more regularly and affectionately . His conduct broke his mother 's head ; and he was put under bonds to keep the peace at the age of two years . After a long period of flagrant insubordination , he ran away with a part of our money , and of his plunder he may possibly have 2 , 000 , 000 francs left — but we do n't believe it . This is to warn all tradesmen in Paris from trusting him on our account , as we shall pay no debts of his contracting . THE NEW PLEA FOR MURDER MAN WITH REVOLVER . “ OF COURSE I 'VE KILLED HIM , BUT IT 'S NO MURDER , FOR I 'M INSANE . IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE IT , THERE 'S MY MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE ! ” ] CONDENSED CONGRESS . SENATE . D DRAKE quacked according to his custom — this time about the propriety of hanging people in the Southern States . There were several people in Missouri whom he particularly desired to see extinguished . He referred to the fiends in human shape , whose hands were dripping with loyal gore , and whom the unrepentant rebels of his State actually desired to send to the Senate , in the place of himself . He lacked words to express his sense of so gross an outrage . He thought that he could be comparatively happy if forty thousand men were hanged or otherwise “ disabled ” from voting against him . That would make his reelection a pretty sure thing . Mr . FERRY said he really thought this thing had gone far enough . People were coming to understand that the general run , he did not refer to Bull Run , of the Northern army was just about as good , and no better , than the general run , he did not refer to Gettysburgh , of the Southern army . As for DRAKE , he was a canard , and his statement was another . He did not approve of the bloody Drakonian code . Mr. MORTON said FERRY was very easily crossed . As for him he considered that FERRY was a Copperhead . Mr. REVELS was in favor of removing disabilities as soon as it could be done with safety . They all knew what he meant by safety . As soon as not only his calling , which was formerly clerical , although now legislative , and election were made sure , he was ready to let everybody vote . While his election was doubtful , he was in favor of keeping out votes enough to insure it . He believed that to be the view of every Senator . ( Hear . Hear .) Mr. SAWYER thought his opinion as good as REVELS 'S , if he was white . He considered that he was safe in South Carolina , and he disapproved of the glut of Republican Southern Senators . Upon these grounds he went for the removal of the disabilities . HOUSE . Mr. DAWES did a neat thing . He represented that the Naval Appropriation bill contained a number of most nutritious jobs ( as indeed it turned out that it did .) Upon this hint SCHENCK agreed to let the tariff “ pass ” for the present , though he reserved the right to order it up at any time . Thereupon the astute DAWES moved to postpone it indefinitely , to the huge disgust of Mr. SCHENCK , who said he ought to be ashamed of himself . Here was the oyster pining for protection , the peanut absolutely shrivelling on its stalk under the neglect of Congress , and the American hook-and-eye weeping for being overrun by the imported article . He hoped the pig-iron , whose claims they had refused to consider , might lie heavy on their souls . KELLEY was too full of pig-iron for utterance . SPENCERIAN CHAFF . BY A CONFIRMED GRAHAMITE . If , in the “ opening ” of my learned friend ( Whose record I intend Most handsomely and warmly to defend ,) You fancy that you now and then perceive A word or phrase one hardly can conceive Was uttered “ by your leave ; ” If — going further in my supposition — You fancy his condition In some respects was not above suspicion ; If ( Ah ! there 's virtue in an “ if ” sometimes — As there may be in crimes ,) You think it strange , what men will do for dimes ; Why , it is plainly due To you , And noble SPENCER , too , That I should straightway boil with legal rage At such injustice , and at once engage To right the matter , on this virtuous page . I fear , my captious friend , ( To speak the truth ,) you do not comprehend The Majesty of Law ! Of Reason it is clearly the Perfection ! It is not merely Jaw ! Great Heaven ! ( excuse the interjection ,) If for this thing you have no greater awe , You need correction ! Pray , do you fully realize , good Sir , The Legal is a Gentlemanly cur ? True , we are sometimes forced to treat a Judge As though he were a plain American . But , fudge ! He never minds ; he 's not a gentleman ! True , it is now and then our legal lot To teach a stupid witness what is what , Or show that he ( or she ) Is rather worse than he ( or she ) should be ; We find it necessary , Very , To blacken what we have no doubt is white , And whiten what is very black indeed . Agreed ! But ask the Client what he thinks is right ! He may not care to see us fairly fight , ( It is not a pleasant sight ,) Or hear us curse till all is black as night , For the whole Jury might perchance take fright ; But he knows whether he is ably served ! Stern Duty 's line , he 'll tell you ( if he 's bright ) Is always either angular or curved . Now , pray , no bosh About the habit of defending crime Dulling the sensibilities in time ! The theory wo n't wash ! Once place my colleague on the other side , You 'd say , This lawyer should be deified ! Oh , what a conscience he would then reveal ! Sinners would tremble at his dread appeal ! You would perceive ( At least , you would be ready to believe ,) That , noting all the most abhorred deeds Known to our records , this affair must needs Be judged the blackest . Nothing like , since Cain . And then , again —— But , pshaw ! coming to look at you , I see You 're one of those odd folks who do n't agree With any body . You are not to pass On these high questions ; plainly , you 're an ass . I 'd like to have you on the stand a minute ! You 'd think the deuce was in it ! I 'd shake the humdrums out of you , I guess ! You 'd presently confess You thought that No was Yes . It 's just your sort — provided there 's no hurry — We like to worry . In twenty minutes , Sir , you would n't know Your father from JIM CROW , Or your illiterate self from LINDLEY MURRAY ! And now then , dunce , Please move your boots , at once ! If ‘ twere not for some twinges of the gout , I 'd kick you out ! A NEAT TURN Mrs. Twigg . “ GOOD GRACIOUS ! JOHN — YOU 'VE BEEN DRINKING ! ” Mr. Twigg . “ NORADROP , MY DEAR , hic , NORADROP . I 'VE ONLY COME UP hic , BY THE hic , hic , EL'VATED RAILWAY ! ” ] OUR PORTFOLIO . Since “ gin-and-milk ” has been declared to be an uncanonical beverage , much uncertainty prevails among the brethren of the cloth as to what refreshment would be considered orthodox and proper . There is no doubt that some men are so constituted as to require fluid aids to religion . To deprive them of it would be to strike a blow at popular piety . As the laborer is worthy of his hire , so is the minister , whose throat becomes parched by reason of much exhortation , worthy of the liquid balm which is to renew his powers and strengthen his organs . PUNCHINELLO has had under consideration the question of inventing some drink which might happily satisfy the wants of the thirsty and avoid the scandal which “ gin-and-milk ” has created among the godly . Many correspondents have suggested to him various decoctions , but , as they all involved spirituous ingredients , he has felt compelled to reject them . After considerable trial , he flatters himself , however , that he has fallen upon a discovery which may remove every objection . It is very simple , and that of itself should be a strong recommendation . Take some raw potatoes ; thoroughly extract the juice ; mix with it about three ounces of horse-radish , ( this to give it pungency ,) flavor the same with any aromatic root to suit the taste , and then let the whole boil for one hour . After cooling , tightly bottle the mixture , and within twenty-four hours it will be fit for use . The process then will be to drink it in the same quantity that one would take either gin or whisky , being careful to hold to the nose during the act of swallowing , a sponge well saturated with pure alcohol . Between the pungency communicated to the taste by the horse-radish and the fumes of the spirit invading the nasal avenues , the illusion of a good “ square drink ” will be complete . An instance of singularly vitiated taste has just come to the knowledge of PUNCHINELLO . A caterer in Baxter Street provides juvenile boot-blacks with the hind legs of rats , and declares that his guests eat them with great avidity and experience no ill effects . They are rolled in pulverized crackers , and cooked in lard . The dish is considered a great dainty , and is only within the reach of the aristocratic portions of that community . One chief cause of this culinary success is the fact that the provider keeps the knowledge of it to himself , going upon the French principle of “ eat what 's put before you and ask no questions . ” Fried horse liver has risen to great popularity with Americans in Paris , owing to the adoption of a similar caution . Fastidious tourists have been known to smack their lips over horse tenderloin , under the impression that the peculiarity of its flavor was to be attributed entirely to the devices of a Parisian cuisine . This pleasant hypothesis has unquestionably prevented many a stomach from revolting , and increased the reputation of French cooks . It is related of the astronomer LALANDE that he often ate caterpillars and spiders , affirming that the former tasted like almonds and the latter like walnuts ; but no American who ever feasted inadvertently on horse liver or a savory sirloin of the same flesh , has yet been found to acknowledge the fact , much less to promote a taste for it by any seductive comparison . The Baxter Street purveyor imitates the Parisian restaurateur in the mystery with which he surrounds his art , and so both prosper . ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS . Georgia . Mistaken . The columns of PUNCHINELLO are not for sale . If you want to buy editorial columns you should apply to the managers of the Washington Chronicle . For tariff of rates consult Governor BULLOCK of your State , who is thoroughly informed on the subject . Anxious Inquirer . Our story of the “ Mystery of Mr. E. DROOD , ” will shortly be published in weekly parts , and it would be unfair to Mr. DICKENS as well to Mr. ORPHEUS C. KERR to tell you the Mystery . Traveller . We believe that the Street Car Conductors are obliged to pass a preliminary examination in packing herrings , before a car is given to them . Dramatical . Can you tell me the origin of the expression , “ Let 's have a smile , ” meaning of course , to take a drink ?— Yes ; it is from Julius Caesar , where CASSIUS says to BRUTUS : — “ Farewell BRUTUS ! If we do meet again we 'll Smile , indeed . ” Act V. Scene 1 . Hoyle . The old remark , “ When in doubt play a trump , ” has fallen through , as , when in doubt , the player generally plays the Deuce . Henry Jones . No . You are wrong . Sic semper tyrannis , does not mean “ Tyrants are always sick . ” Villikens . Mr. HORACE GREELEY , although an intimate personal friend of WESTON , the pedestrian , is not , as you suppose , the Compiler of WALKER 'S Dictionary . Cornet . The critic was wrong in attributing “ freshness ” to the air of “ Walking down Broadway . ” If you walk down Broadway at this season you will find the air any thing but fresh . Gin-and-Milk . It is a mistake . THEODORE TILTON never sang Comic Songs in a Houston Street Free-and-Easy . Chutney . Somebody has been “ selling ” you . BABOO BRAHMIN CHUNDER SEN is not a relation of HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN . Sculp . Is it in your power to give the proportions of a perfect human figure ? Answer . Your question implies a doubt of the genius of a great American Sculptor . It is in our Power . Look at his figure of the Greek Slave . Richard III . My friends think that I have a decided talent for the stage . How can I be fitted for it ? Answer . By a theatrical costumer . Pay great attention to “ Measure for Measure . ” Debrett . Who were the Knight 's Companions of the Bath ? Answer . Towels and Soap . NAPOLEON 'S LATEST MANIFESTO TO THE FRENCH PEOPLE . T True citizens of France I 've the very great felicity — It almost overpowers me as you well can understand ; To give to the proud triumph of my policy publicity , Majority six millions . Ah ! Mon Dieu ! but it is grand . ‘ Tis true the Empire 's Capital , the centre of authority , Went against me in a fit of Red Republican romance ; But the Provinces in rolling up their glorious majority Have proved , despite of precedents , that Paris is not France . Self-contained and unembarrassed , I awaited at the Tuileries The issue , for I trusted the Nation 's Common Sense ; And although the rowdy Faubourgs tried a few of their Tom-fooleries , My soldiers soon let light into each trumpery defence . I smile in cold contempt at the Old-time Barricade tricks — Each street , did I so order , were a cannon-swept defile , I 've bound Fortune to my Chariot , and defying all her jade tricks , More in pity that in anger hear the roar of the Canaille . The Drapeau Rouge is down — HUGO , BLANC and LEDRU ROLLIN Are as harmless as three kittens with their teeth and talons drawn ; And now my own loved France , with returns from every poll in , I bid thee hail of Liberty the true and genial dawn . Though the Left 's intemperate oracles , political and clerical , Deny there 's force or purpose in the People 's mighty “ Aye ! ” They stultify their principles , for by ordeal numerical Their Creed declares all policy should either live or die . To France I said , “ My Country , behold I freely tender thee All swords e'er won for freedom in the ages long ago , All prerogatives that clash with it I offer to surrender thee , Wilt take or spurn the guerdon ? prithee , answer ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no . ’ ” She has answered , France has answered , in thunderings articulate , From the Alps and either Seaboard , to the Pyrenees , the Rhine ; And though a horde of demagogues may bellow and gesticulate , They know this is a victory of the PEOPLE 'S RIGHT DIVINE . The Dominion Again . What a set of grumblers the Canadians are . They seem never to be satisfied with their public men . First they were berating the minister of Justice for too large a practice at the Bar . Now they have turned their attention to the gentleman ( Mr. LANGEVIN ) who is to engineer the domestic relations between the Confederate Provinces , on the ground of looking after his own Domestic Relations first . Surely , this is “ factious opposition , ” as their Mr. HOLTON would say . SCIENCE FOREVER ! MR. PUNCHINELLO is pleased to observe that there is to be a meeting of the Western Social Science Association in Chicago , and he hereby announces his intention of attending as a Volunteer Delegate . He will , if he is well treated by the Convention , so that he may reach the elevation of soul necessary , read exhaustive and exhausting papers on the following subjects : 1 . On the complete removal of the buildings now constituting the City of Washington to Chicago . 2 . On Free Drinks ; their origin , history , purpose , and influence . 3 . On a curious fluid known as Drinking-Water ; observed in other parts of the world , but entirely unknown in Chicago . 4 . On Virtue its Own Reward , as exemplified in the Lives and Adventures of the Chicago Police . 5 . On the Various Smells to be observed in Chicago ( with pungent experiments .) 6 . On the Exact Trigonometrical Measurement of a Corner in Grain . 7 . On the feasibility of working an Elevator entirely by whisky power . MR. PUNCHINELLO has prepared forty-nine other papers on different scientific subjects , including Pugilism , Base Ball , the Velocipede , Female Suffrage , and Lake Navigation ; and he now awaits on invitation from Chicago to come on with his largest drum and his most melodious trumpet . He is aware of the general impression among the Children of the West that they already know every thing . He hastens to assure them that they labor under the most hideous of delusions . A Midsummer Reading of Shakspeare . It must have been in “ fly-time ” that Shakspeare wrote — “ When we have Shoo-flied off this mortal coil . ” A Dead Beat to the Windward . MR. ASHBURY of “ Cambria ” fame . THE FISHERY QUESTION . S Some trouble with regard to the Gulf fisheries appears to be anticipated , and loud calls are being made upon Government by the fishermen , who demand that immediate steps be taken for securing their rights . The unmasterly inactivity of President GRANT , in the matter , is considered by the fishermen as indicating a want of Porpus . They are also very much chagrined with the Government for sending out to the fishing-banks a dispatch boat bearing the inappropriate name of “ Frolic . ” There is a levity about this quite out of keeping with the serious character of the question , and it is doubtful whether the fishermen would not prefer a fight on the banks to a Frolic . Although the Government appears to Flounder sadly in the mud-banks of this fishery question , still there is some hope that coercive measures may yet be taken for restraining the Dominion fishermen from having every thing on their own hook . Rumor has it that the monitor Miantonomah , Captain SCHUFELDT , is awaiting orders for a cruise to the troubled waters . This will doubtless prove to be a very summary and complete way of settling the difficulty , inasmuch as a few broadsides from the huge thunderer referred to would kill every fish upon the banks , and blacken each particular fisherman into an OTHELLO with an “ occupation gone . ” The Canadian fishermen , of course , would suffer equally with those of our own shores . They are a light-hearted people , though , are these Canadians , fond of music and dancing , and they would doubtless find consolation for their troubles by addressing the skipper of the Miantonomah in a grand MASANIELLO strain , chorussed with “ SCHUFELDT do n't bother us ! ” DEPLORABLE ACCIDENT TO THAT FASHIONABLE YOUNG MAN ALGERNON TYBALT PIPKINS , WHOSE HAT HAS BEEN BLOWN THROUGH THE RAILINGS OF WASHINGTON PARK JUST AS THE MISSES ABINGDON ARE PASSING . OF MYTHOLOGY . Mythology is the term by which the ancient Greek or Roman used to distinguish hiss religion from the rival religions of other and heretical pagans . Just as Orthodoxy , according to DEAN SWIFT , means “ my doxy , ” and Heterodoxy , the doxy of other people ; so the pious Roman used to speak of “ my thology ” as the only genuine religion ; the “ thologies ” of other men being cheap and worthless counterfeits of the real article . The classic mythology had a large and varied assortment of deities , from which every man could select a supply to suit himself . Thus the lawyer could place a bust of Mercury , the god of chicanery , in his office , and so secure the patronage of the god and save the expense of a tin sign announcing his profession . The editor could dedicate his paper to the service of Janus , the two-faced deity , and thus pursue his business without perilling his reputation for religious consistency . The advantages of this sort of thing need hardly be enlarged upon . We propose to give easy and familiar descriptions of the more important gods of classic mythology , for the benefit of our younger readers . We therefore begin without further delay , with the chief deities of Olympus , the celestial Tammany Hall of the period . The Olympians formed a sort of Ring which governed the entire celestial and infernal world , and as they were the only judges of elections , they retained the power undisturbed . JUPITER . This individual was a jolly , good-tempered , old Olympian who lived in great terror of his wife , JUNO , and was sadly addicted to surreptitious beer , and undignified flirtations with the female servants . He was fond of disguising himself , and staying out late at night in search of adventures . It is difficult , however , to believe that he really disguised himself as a swan , in order to present his bill to LEDA . The story , doubtless , originated in the fact that JUNO called him “ an old goose , ” to which he very probably replied that “ other woman appreciated him better , and that LEDA , for example , would be more apt to call him a duck or a swan , than a degraded and abject goose . ” So , too , in regard to the story that he disguised himself as a bull , and in that eccentric costume made love to EUROPA . One legend expressly states that he pretended to be an Irish bull . This is , of course , a figurative way of saying that he proclaimed himself an Irish gentleman , a descendant of BRIEN BORU and a graduate of Trinity College . EUROPA was probably a child 's nurse , and the fascinating Irish gentleman was accustomed to meet her in the Park , and enliven her with his national witticisms . One can easily believe that he made love to DANAE by throwing a shower of gold in her lap — a story which shows that women were much the same in ancient times as they are to day . There is no denying that JUPITER was a sad old dog , and that he would have been killed a dozen times by insane husbands had he not been immortal . However , he was pretty severely punished by JUNO , who was the leader of the Olympian Sorosis , and who used to hear of all his disreputable flirtations from the respectable spinsters of that Wild Goddess Association , and would keep him awake night after night , with curtain lectures on the subject . JUPITER was , ex-officio , the chairman of the Olympian Society , and he once crushed a rebellion of the Titans , who were the Roughs of the period , by locking them out of the Olympian Hall , and shying all sorts of heavy missiles , such as charters — a Greek word signifying a mountainous burden — out of the upper chamber at them . He had a large number of relatives whom he placed in all the fat offices , and though there was some dissatisfaction with his government , it was generally agreed that he was better fitted for his position than anyone of the Titans would have been . No one knows what was the ultimate fate of JUPITER . He was , however , dethroned by the Emperor CONSTANTINE , and was never afterwards heard of ; though it is well known that the inhabitants of certain inland counties of New Jersey still believe in his existence , and have not yet heard of CONSTANTINE 'S reformation . Imperial Conundrum with an Irreconcilable Answer . Why is Paris the greatest place in the world for the prosecution of newspaper enterprises ? Because there all newspaper enterprises are prosecuted . A Hanging that Ought to be “ Played Out . ” That practised by the “ hanging committee ” of the Academy of Design . Apropos of Theodora Thomas ’ Concerts . Come into the garden Maudlin . TO OUR READERS . Many complaints have been made to the Publishers of PUNCHINELLO regarding the price asked for the paper by news-dealers in some parts of this city , as well as elsewhere — viz . : Fifteen Cents a single copy . Now , the price of a single copy of PUNCHINELLO is Ten Cents , and no newsman has a right to charge more for one , seeing that his profit on it at the regular price is equal to that made by him on any other illustrated paper . However gratifying it may be to us to know that our paper is considered by dealers as being more valuable than any other one of a similar class , it has become necessary for us to correct the abuse referred to . The best way of effecting this is for our readers to send in their subscriptions directly to this office . To every subscriber who sends in $ 4 , PUNCHINELLO shall be sent for one year , together with a splendid premium ; particulars respecting which will be found on last page of this number . By following this arrangement , readers will get the paper regularly at their respective addresses , and will avoid the possibility of being imposed on . A. T. STEWART & CO . ARE OFFERING EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN French and English Carpets , Carpetings , Cocoa and Canton Matting , English and Domestic Oil Cloths , PLAIN AND BROCHE SATIN DAMASKS , BROCATELS , TAPESTRIES , REPS , ETC ., Imported expressly for Furniture Coverings and Curtain Materials . BROADWAY , Fourth Ave ., Ninth and Tenth Sts . HOUSEKEEPING GOODS . SHIRTING LINENS , PILLOW-CASE LINENS , SHEETINGS , Damasks , Napkins , Towels , Towelings , Blankets , Quilts , COUNTERPANES , FLANNELS . ALSO FRENCH AND BARNSLEY SHEETINGS , EXTRA QUALITY DRESDEN DOUBLE DAMASK TABLE-CLOTHS AND NAPKINS . EMBROIDERED , LACE AND NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS , GUIPURE CURTAINS , AND SWISS DRAPERY BY THE YARD . THE ABOVE ARE OFFERED At Greatly Reduced Prices . A. T. Stewart & Co ., BROADWAY , 4th Ave ., 9th and 10th Sts . A. T. STEWART & CO . ARE OFFERING AT A GREAT REDUCTION FROM FORMER PRICES , LADIES ’ PARIS-MADE SILK AND POPLIN DRESSES . MISSES ’ AND CHILDRENS ’ PARIS , LONDON AND DOMESTIC-MADE PLAIN , BRAIDED AND EMBROIDERED PIQUE SUITS AND DRESSES , LADIES ’ PLAIN AND EMBROIDERED SKIRTS , EXTRA RICH , LADIES ’ AND MISSES ’ SILK AND FANCY CLOTH SACQUES , CLOAKS , ETC . Paris and Domestic-Made Bonnets . Plain Centre , with Handsome Borders , REAL INDIA CAMELS HAIR SHAWLS , FROM $ 50 UPWARD . BLACK ARABIAN LUSTERS , IRON GRENADINES , BLACK CASHMERES , TAMISE CLOTHS , BLACK ALPACAS , PRINTED FOULARDS , ETC . The above will be exhibited on separate counters in the 10th Street , section . BROADWAY , Fourth Avenue , Ninth and Tenth Streets . A. T. Stewart & Co . HAVE FOR SALE A SPLENDID STOCK OF EVERY VARIETY OF BOYS ’ CLOTHING . ALSO Cloths , Cassimeres , Linen Drills , Twills , White Corduroys , Fancy Cloakings , Tailors ’ Trimmings , Ladies ’ Dress and Cloak Trimmings , Gimp , Fringes , Braids , Buttons , Superior Quality Spool Cotton , Perfumery , Toilet Articles , etc ., etc . At Popular Prices . BROADWAY , Fourth Avenue , Ninth and Tenth Streets . SPECIAL PUNCHINELLO PREMIUMS . By special arrangement with L. PRANG & CO ., we offer the following Elegant Premiums for new Subscribers to PUNCHINELLO : “ Awakening . ” ( A Litter of Puppies .) Half Chromo , size , 8 3-8 by 11 1-8 , price $ 2. 00 , and a copy of PUNCHINELLO for one year , for $ 4. 00 . “ Wild Roses . ” Chromo , 12 1-8 by 9 , price $ 3. 00 , or any other $ 3. 00 Chromo , and a copy of the paper for one year for $ 5. 00 . “ The Baby in Trouble . ” Chromo , 13 by 16 1-4 , price $ 6. 00 or any other at $ 6. 00 , or any two Chromos at $ 3. 00 , and a copy of the paper for one year , for $ 7. 00 . “ Sunset ,— California Scenery , ” after A. Bierstadt , 18 1-8 by 12 , price $ 10. 00 , or any other $ 10. 00 Chromo , and a copy of the paper for one year for $ 10. 00 . Or the four Chromos , and four copies of the paper for one year in one order , for clubs of FOUR , for $ 23. 00 . We will send to any one a printed list of L. PRANG & CO .' S Chromos , from which a selection can be made , if the above is not satisfactory , and are prepared to make special terms for clubs to any amount , and to agents . Postage of paper is payable at the office where received , twenty cents per year , or five cents per quarter in advance ; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of money . Remittances should be made in P. O . Orders , Drafts , or Bank Checks on New-York , or Registered letters . The paper will be sent from the first number , ( April 2d , 1870 ,) when not otherwise ordered . Now is the time to subscribe , as these Premiums will be offered for a limited time only . On receipt of a postage-stamp we will send a copy of No . 1 to any one desiring to get up a club . Address PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO ., P. O . BOX 2783 . No . 83 Nassau Street , New-York . A DISTRESSING SITUATION . Bridget , ( responsively to Kate .) “ WHAT 'S THE MATTHER WID ME , IS IT ? AH ! THEN , THERE 'S MATTHER ENOUGH . HERE 'S THE MISSIS GONE OUT WID THE KAY OF HER WARDROBE , AND ME OBLEEGED TO GO IN ME OULD DUDS AND SHOW CINTRAL PARK TO ME COUSIN DINNIS JUST COME OUT FROM CORK ! ” ] “ The Printing House of the United States . ” GEO . F. NESBITT & CO ., General JOB PRINTERS , BLANK BOOK Manufacturers , STATIONERS Wholesale and Retail , LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers , COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers , CARD Manufacturers , ENVELOPE Manufacturers , FINE CUT and COLOR Printers . 163 , 165 , 167 , and 169 PEARL ST ., 73 , 75 , 77 , and 79 PINE ST ., New-York . ADVANTAGES . All on the same premises , and under immediate supervision of the proprietors . Bowling Green Savings-Bank , 33 BROADWAY , NEW-YORK . Open Every Day from 10 A. M. to 3 P. M . Deposit of any sum from Ten Cents to Ten Thousand Dollars , will be received . Six Per Cent Interest , Free of Government Tax . INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS Commences on the first of every month . HENRY SMITH , President . REEVES E. SELMES , Secretary . WALTER ROCHE ,) EDWARD HOGAN ,) Vice-Presidents . SARATOGA “ A ” SPRING WATER . A POSITIVE CURE FOR HEADACHE !— A GREAT REMEDY FOR INDIGESTION AND DYSPEPSIA .— Keeps the blood cool and regulates the stomach . Persons subject to headache can insure themselves freedom from this malady by drinking it liberally in the morning before breakfast . Sold by JOHN F. HENRY , at the U. S. Family Medical Depot , 8 College Place , New-York . PRANG 'S CHROMOS are celebrated for their close resemblance to oil paintings . Sold in all Art Stores throughout the world . PRANG 'S LATEST CHROMOS : “ Four Seasons , ” by J. M. Hart . Illustrated catalogues sent free on receipt of stamp by L. PRANG & CO ., Boston . PUNCHINELLO . TERMS TO CLUBS WE OFFER AS PREMIUMS FOR CLUBS FIRST : DANA BICKFORD 'S PATENT FAMILY SPINNER , The most complete and desirable machine ever yet introduced for spinning purposes . SECOND : BICKFORD 'S CROCHET AND FANCY WORK MACHINES . These beautiful little machines are very fascinating , as well as useful ; and every lady should have one , as they can make every conceivable kind of crochet or fancy work upon them . THIRD : BICKFORD 'S AUTOMATIC FAMILY KNITTER . This is the most perfect and complete machine in the world . It knits every thing . FOURTH : AMERICAN BUTTONHOLE , OVERSEAMING , AND SEWING-MACHINE . This great combination machine is the last and greatest improvement on all former machines . No . 1 , with finely finished Oiled Walnut Table and Cover , complete , price , $ 75 . No . 2 , same machine without the buttonhole parts , etc ., price , $ 60 . WE WILL SEND THE Family Spinner , price , $ 3 , for 4 subscribers and $ 16 . No . 1 Crochet , " 8 , " 4 " " 16. " 2 " " 15 , " 6 " " 24. " 1 Automatic Knitter , 72 needles , " 30 , " 12 " " 43. " 12 " " 84 " " 33 , " 13 " " 52 . No. 3 Automatic Knitter , 100 needles , price , 37 , for 15 subscribers and 60 . No. 4 " " 2 cylinders ) " 40 , " 16 " " 64 . 1 72 needles ) 1 100 needles ) No . 1 American Buttonhole and Overseaming Machine , price $ 75 , for 30 subscribers and $ 120 . No. 2 " without buttonhole parts , etc ., 60 , " 25 " " 100 . Descriptive Circulars Of all these machines will be sent upon application to this office , and full instructions for working them will be sent to purchasers . Parties getting up Clubs preferring cash to premiums , may deduct seventy-five cents upon each full subscription sent for four subscribers and upward , and after the first remittance for four subscribers may send single names as they obtain them , deducting the commission . Remittances should be made in Post-Office Orders , Bank Checks , or Drafts on New-York City ; or if these can not be obtained , then by Registered Letters , which any post-master will furnish . Charges on money sent by express must be prepaid , or the net amount only will be credited . Directions for shipping machines must be full and explicit , to prevent error . In sending subscriptions give address , with Town , County , and State . The postage on this paper will be twenty cents per year , payable quarterly in advance at the place where it is received . Subscribers in the British Provinces will remit twenty cents in addition to subscription . All communications , remittances , etc ., to be addressed to PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY , P. O . Box 2783 . No . 83 Nassau Street , NEW-YORK S. W. GREEN , PRINTER , CORNER JACOB AND FRANKFORT STREETS .