“ The Printing House of the United States , ” GEO . F. NESBITT & CO ., General JOB PRINTERS , BLANK BOOK Manufacturers , STATIONERS , Wholesale and Retail , LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers , COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers , CARD Manufacturers , ENVELOPE Manufacturers , FINE CUT and COLOR Printers . 163 , 165 , 167 , and 169 PEARL ST ., 73 , 75 , 77 , and 79 PINE ST ., New-York . ADVANTAGES . All on the same premises , and under the immediate supervision of the proprietors . WALTHAM WATCHES . 3-4 PLATE . 16 and 30 Sizes . To the manufacture of these fine Watches the Company have devoted all the science and skill in the art at their command , and confidently claim that , for fineness and beauty , no less than for the greater excellences of mechanical and scientific correctness of design and execution , these watches are unsurpassed anywhere . In this country the manufacture of this fine grade of Watches is not even attempted except at Waltham . FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING JEWELLERS . MOLLER 'S PUREST NORWEGIAN COD-LIVER OIL . “ Of late years it has become almost impossible to get any Cod-Liver Oil that patients can digest , owing to the objectionable mode of procuring and preparing the livers .... Moller , of Christiana , Norway , prepares an oil which is perfectly pure , and in every respect all that can be wished . ” — DR. L. A. SAYRE , before Academy of Medicine . See Medical Record , December , 1869 , p. 447 . SOLD BY DRUGGISTS , W. H. SCHIEFFELIN & CO ., Sole Agents for the United States and Canada . Vol . 1 . No . 2 . PUNCHINELLO SATURDAY , APRIL 9 , 1870 . PUBLISHED BY THE PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY , 83 NASSAU STREET , NEW-YORK . PUNCHINELLO April 9 , 1870 APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN “ PUNCHINELLO ” Should be addressed to J. NICKINSON , Room No . 4 , 83 NASSAU STREET . THE “ BREWSTER WAGON , ” The Standard for Style and Quality . BREWSTER & COMPANY , of Broome Street . WAREROOMS , Fifth Avenue , corner of Fourteenth Street . ELEGANT CARRIAGES , In all the fashionable Varieties , EXCLUSIVELY OF OUR OWN BUILD . Thomas J. Rayner & Co ., 29 LIBERTY STREET , New-York , MANUFACTURERS OF THE Finest Cigars made in the United States . All sizes and styles . Prices very moderate . Samples sent to any responsible house . Also importers of the “ FUSBOS ” BRAND , Equal in quality to the best of the Havana market , and for ten to twenty per cent cheaper . Restaurant , Bar , Hotel , and Saloon trade will save money by calling at 29 LIBERTY STREET . GEO . BOWLEND , ARTIST , Room No . 11 , No . 160 FULTON STREET , NEW-YORK . WEVILL & HAMMAR , Wood Engravers , No . 208 BROADWAY , NEW-YORK . PUNCHINELLO . With a large and varied experience in the management and publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted , and with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital to justify the undertaking , the PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING C0 . OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK Presents to the public for approval , the NEW ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL WEEKLY PAPER , PUNCHINELLO , The first number of which will be Issued under date of April 2 , 1870 , and thereafter weekly . PUNCHINELLO will be National , and not local ; and will endeavour to become a household word in all parts of the country ; and to that end has secured a VALUABLE CORPS OF CONTRIBUTORS in various sections of the Union , while its columns will always be open to appropriate first-class literary and artistic talent . PUNCHINELLO will be entirely original ; humorous and witty , without vulgarity , and satirical without malice . It will be printed on a superior tinted paper of sixteen pages , size 13 by 9 , and will be for sale by all respectable newsdealers who have the judgment to know a good thing when they see it , or by subscription from this office . The Artistic department will be in charge of Henry L. Stephens , whose celebrated cartoons in VANITY FAIR placed him in the front rank of humorous artists , assisted by leading artists in their respective specialties . The management of the paper will be in the hands of WILLIAM A. STEPHENS , with whom is associated CHARLES DAWSON SHANLY , both of whom were identified with VANITY FAIR . ORIGINAL ARTICLES , Suitable for the paper , and Original Designs , or suggestive ideas or sketches for Illustrations , upon the topics of the day , are always acceptable , and will be paid for liberally . Rejected communications can not be returned , unless postage stamps are inclosed . Terms : One copy , per year , in advance .................... $ 4. 00 Single copes , ten cents . A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten cents . One copy , with the Riverside Magazine , or any other magazine or paper price , $ 2. 50 , for ..................... 5. 50 One copy , with any magazine or paper price , $ 4 , for .... 7. 00 All communications , remittances , etc ., to be addressed to PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO ., No . 83 Nassau Street , NEW-YORK , P. O . Box 2783 . ( For terms to Clubs , see 16th page .) Mercantile Library Clinton Hall , Astor Place NEW-YORK . This is now the largest circulating Library In America , the number of volumes on its shelves being 114 , 000 . About 1000 volumes are added each month ; and very large purchases are made of all new and popular works . Books are delivered at members ’ residences for five cents each delivery . TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP : TO CLERKS , $ 1 Initiation , $ 3 Annual Dues . TO OTHERS , $ 5 a year . SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN FOR SIX MONTHS . BRANCH OFFICES AT NO . 76 CEDAR STREET , NEW-YORK , and at Yonkers , Norwalk , Stamford , and Elizabeth . AMERICAN BUTTONHOLE , OVERSEAMING AND SEWING-MACHINE CO ., 563 Broadway , New-York . This great combination machine is the last and greatest improvement on all former machines , making , in addition to all the work done on best Lock-Stitch machines , beautiful BUTTON AND EYELET HOLES : in all fabrics . Machine , with finely finished OILED WALNUT TABLE AND COVER complete ,$ 75 . Same machine , without the buttonhole parts , $ 60 . This last is beyond all question the simplest , easiest to manage and to keep in order , of any machine in the market . Machines warranted , and full instruction given to purchasers . HENRY SPEAR STATIONER , PRINTER AND BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER , ACCOUNT BOOKS MADE TO ORDER . PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION . 82 Wall Street NEW-YORK . THE UMBRELLA . A VIEW OF THE SHADY SIDE OF LIFE . A ripe pippin falling upon the head of Sir ISAAC NEWTON ( a clear case of hard cider on the brain ) suggested the laws of gravitation . An elderly countryman passing my window this clear bright day , attended by his faithful umbrella , suggested the following reflections . The term Umbrella comes from the Latin umbra , a shade — the whole signifying “ keep shady . ” This definition well describes the nature of the article ; for , as it undoubtedly “ keeps shady ” in fine weather when the sun is fervent , so it is apt to “ keep shady ” in rainy weather , when most wanted . It is as difficult to say when the umbrella came , or where it came from , as it is to tell where it goes to . Rumor hath it , however , that it came in ( that is , out of the rain ) with NOAH . The story ( as given us by an antiquarian relative ) says that when the Ark was built the camelopard was forgotten , and it was found necessary to cut a hole in the roof to accommodate the animal 's neck . This done , SHEM sat upon the roof and held an umbrella . SHEM thus raised the umbrella . Then our further question follows , Where did he raise it ? Evidently he raised the umbrella on the Ark . These theories seem to us to be entitled to serious consideration ; and certainly it is a reasonable belief that , as the present suffering from the high price of clothing is due to the sin of our first parents , so the umbrella is the curse entailed by royalty , coming in with the First Reign spoken of in history . The umbrella appears again in ancient time in connection with DANIEL , who , it is said , carried one into the lions ’ den . The authority for this is a historical painting that has fallen into the hands of an itinerant showman . A curious fact is stated with reference to this picture , namely , that DANIEL so closely resembled the lions in personal appearance that it was necessary for the showman to state that “ DANIEL might easily be distinguished from the lions on account of the blue cotton umbrella under his right arm . ” For what purpose this umbrella may have been carried we can only surmise . The most probable theory is , that it was to be used there to intimidate the lions , as it has since been used toward mad bulls and other ferocious beasts . We have now taken hold pretty firmly of what may be called the handle of the umbrella . We have learned that , as ADAM raised CAIN , NOAH raised the umbrella , and DANIEL carried one . We have learned further that the umbrella carried by DANIEL was a blue cotton umbrella — undoubtedly the most primitive type of the umbrella . It is one of this class that your country friend brings down with him , that darkeneth the heavens as with a canopy and maketh you ashamed of your company . It is such an umbrella as this that is to be found or might have been found , in ancient days , in every old farm-house — one that covered the whole household when it went to church , occupying as much room when closed as would the tent of an Arab . We have heard it said that it was the impossibility of two umbrellas of this nature passing each other on a narrow road which led to the invention of covered wagons . There is nothing lovely about a blue cotton umbrella , though there may have been under it at times and seasons . Skeletons of the species , much faded as to color , much weakened as to whalebone , may still be found here and there in backwoods settlements , where they are known as “ umbrells ; ” there are but few perfect specimens in existence . The present style of the umbrella is varied , and sometimes elegant . The cover is of silk ; the ribs are of steel oftener than of bone , and the handle is wrought into divers quaint and beautiful shapes . The most common kind is the hooked umbrella . Most people have hooked umbrellas — or , if this statement be offensive to any one , we will say that most people have had umbrellas hooked . The chance resemblance of this expression to one signifying to obstruct illegally that which properly belongs to another , reminds us to speak of the singular fact that the umbrella is not property . This is important . It rests on judicial decision , and becomes more important when we remember that by similar decision the negro is property , and that , therefore , until emancipation , the umbrella was superior to the negro . The judicial decision cited will be found reported in Vanity Fair , liber 3 , page 265 , and was on this wise : A man being arraigned for stealing an umbrella , pleaded that it rained at the time , and he had no umbrella . On these grounds he was discharged , and the judge took the umbrella . ( We may notice here how closely this decision has been followed , even down to modern times , and touching other matters than umbrellas .) This established the fact that the umbrella was not property that could be bought , sold , and stolen , but a free gift of the manufacturer to universal creation . The right of ownership in umbrellas ranked henceforward with our right to own the American continent , being merely a right by discovery . ( TO BE CONTINUED .) Depressing for Chicago . The Chicago press has given up all hopes of the PRINCE OF WALES since he has proved his innocence in regard to Lady MORDAUNT . Chicago had begun to look upon him with mildly patronizing favor , when he was accused of a share in a really first-class divorce case ; but now that his innocence is established , there is no longer any extenuating circumstance which can induce Chicago to overlook the infamous crime of his royal birth . Latest from the Isthmus of Suez . Of all men , the followers of MOHAMMED are the most candid ; since no matter of what you accuse them , they always acknowledge the Koran . Right and Left . Because the P .& O . Directors have suspended their EYRE , we are not called upon to suspend our anger . We decline to believe that he can justify himself in leaving the Oneida , however blameless he may have been in the matter of the collision . Because the Oneida was Left it does not follow that the Bombay was Right . Mr. Pugsby . “ I THINK , MY DEAR , WE 'VE GIVEN HIM LAUDANUM ENOUGH . SUPPOSE WE TRY A LITTLE STRYCHNINE ? ” Mrs. Pugsby . “ BUT MIGHTN'T THAT HURT HIM ? ” ] THE PLAYS AND SHOWS . Illustration Mr. BOUCICAULT might properly be called the author of the elementary Drama . Not because his plays , like elementary lessons in French , are peculiarly aggravating to the well-regulated mind , but because of his fondness for employing one of the elements of nature — fire , water , or golden hair — in the production of the sensation which invariably takes place in the fourth or fifth act of each of his popular dramas . In the Streets of New-York , he made a hit by firing a building at the spectacularly disposed audience . In Formosa , he gave us a boat-race ; and in Lost at Sea , now running at WALLACK 'S , he has renewed his former fondness for playing with fire . The following condensed version of this play is offered to the readers of PUNCHINELLO , with the assurance that , though it may be a little more coherent than the unabridged edition , it is a faithful picture of the sort of thing that Mr. BOUCICAULT , aided and abetted by Mr. WALLACK , thinks proper to offer to the public . LOST AT SEA . ACT I . Scene 1 . Enter Virtuous Banker . “ I have embezzled WALTER CORAM 'S money , and he is coming from India to claim it . I am a ruined man . ” Enter Unprincipled Clerk . “ Not so . WALTER CORAM is lost at sea , and we will keep the money . ” Virtuous Banker . “ Thank heaven ! I am not found out , and can remain an honest man as usual . ” Scene 2 . Enter Comic Villain . “ I am just released from prison and must soon meet my wife . ” ( Swears and smashes in his hat .) Enter Unprincipled Clerk . “ Not so . WALTER , CORAM is lost at sea . Personate him , draw his money , and share it with me . ” Comic Villain . “ I will . ” ( Swears and smashes in his hat .) Scene 3 . Enter Miss Effie Germon . ( Aside .) “ I am supposed to be a virtuous and vagabond boy . I hate to show my ankles in ragged trowsers , but I must . ” ( Shows them . Applause ) Enter Daughter of Comic Villain . “ I love the unprincipled clerk ; but there is a sick stranger up-stairs who pokes the fire in a way that I can hardly resist . Be firm , my heart . Shall I be untrue to my own unprincipled —— -  ” Enter Unprincipled Clerk . “ Not so . WALTER CORAM is lost at sea , and I must leave these valuable boxes in your hands for safe-keeping . ” ( Leaves the boxes , and then leaves himself .) Enter Sick Stranger . “ I am WALTER CORAM . Those are my boxes . Somebody is personating me . Big thing on somebody . Let him go ahead . ” ( Curtain .) Young Lady in the Audience . “ Is n't EFFIE GERMON perfectly lovely ? ” Accompanying Bostonian Youth . “ Yes ; but you should see RISTORI in Marie Antoinette . There is a sweetness and light about the great tragedienne which —— -  ” Heavy old Party , to contiguous Young Man . “ Do n't think much of this ; do you ? Now , in TOM PLACIDS 's day —— ” Contiguous and aggrieved Young Man pleads an engagement and hastily goes out . ACT II . Scene 1 . Virtuous Banker 's Villa , Comic Villain , Unprincipled Clerk , and Wealthy Heroine dining with the Banker . Enter Original Coram . “ I am WALTER CORAM ; but I can n't prove it , the villains having stolen my bootjack . ” Enter Comic Villain , who smashes in his hat , and swears . Original Coram . ( Approaching him .) “ This is WALTER CORAM , I believe ? I knew you in India . We boarded together . Do n't you remember old FUTTYGHUR ALLAHABAD , and the rest of our set ? ” Comic Villain , in great mental torture . “ Certainly ; of course : I said so at the time . ” ( Swears and smashes in his hat .) ( Exeunt omnes , in search of Virtuous Banker .) Scene 2 . Enter Miss Effie Germon , by climbing over the wall . “ I hate to climb over the wall and show my ankles in these nasty trowsers , but I must . ” ( Shows them . Applause .) Enter Daughter of Comic Villain . “ Great Heavings ! What do I see ? My beloved clerk offering himself to the wealthy heroine ? I must faint ! ” ( Faints .) Enter aristocratic lover of wealthy heroine , and catches the faintress in his arms . Wealthy heroine catches him in the act . Tableau of virtuous indignation . ( Curtain ) Young Lady before-named . “ Is n't EFFIE GERMON perfectly sweet ? ” Bostonian Youth . “ Yes ; but RISTORI —— ” Mighty Young Men . “ Let 's go out for drinks . ” ACT III . Scene 1 . Enter Daughter of Comic Villain . “ My clerk is false , and I do n't care a straw for him . Consequently , I will drown myself . ” Enter Original Coram . “ I am WALTER CORAM ; but I can n't prove it , the villains having stolen my Calcutta latch-key . Better not drown yourself , my dear . You 'll find it beastly wet . Do n't do it . ” ( She does n't do it .) ( Curtain .) Young Lady before-named . “ Is n't EFFIE GERMON perfectly beautiful ? ” Bostonian Youth . “ Yes . But at her age RISTORI —— ” Heavy old Party murmurs in his sleep of ELLEN TREE . More young men go out to get drinks . ACT IV . Scene 1 . Enter Virtuous Banker . “ All is lost . There is a run on the bank —— -  ” Enter Unprincipled Clerk . “ WALTER CORAM presents check for L7 4 S. We have no funds . Shall we pay it ? ” Enter Original Coram . ( Aside .) “ I am WALTER CORAM ; but I can n't prove it , the villains having taken my other handkerchief . ( To the Banker .) Sir , you once gave me a penny , and you have since embezzled my fortune . How can I repay such noble conduct ? Here is a bag of gold . Take it and pay your creditors . ” Scene 2 . Enter Unprincipled Clerk and Comic Villain . Unprincipled Clerk . “ The original CORAM has turned up . We must turn him down again . I will burn him in his bed to-night . ” Comic Villain . “ Burn him ; but do n't attempt any violence . ” ( Swears and smashes in his hat .) Scene 4 . Enter Original Coram . “ I am WALTER COHAM ; but I can n't prove it — I forget precisely why . What is this in my coffee ? Opium ! It is , by SIVA , VISHNU , and others ! They would fain drug my drink . Ha ! Ha ! I have drank , eaten , smoked , chewed , and snuffed opium for ninety years . I like it . So did my parents . I am , so to speak , the child of poppy . Ha ! What do I see ? Flames twenty feet high all around me ! Can this be fire ? The wretches mean to burn me alive ! ( Aside — And they 'll do it too , some night , if Moss do n't keep a sharp look-out after those lazy carpenters .) ” Enter Miss Effie German . ( Aside .) “ I must get on the roof and drag CORAM out . I hate to do it ; for I shall have to show my ankles in these horrid trowsers . But I suppose I must . ” ( Gets on the roof with Comic Villain 's Daughter , shows ankles , lifts up roof and saves Coram , amid whirlwinds of applause and smoke .— Curtain ) Young Lady before-named . “ Is n't EFFIE GERMON too lovely ? ” Bostonian Youth . “ Yes . RISTORI is , however —— -  ” Heavy old Party . “ This fire business is dangerous , sir . Never saw it done at the old Park . EDMUND KEAN would —— -  ” ACT V. Enter Original Coram . “ I am WALTER CORAM . I can now prove it by simply mentioning the fact . I love the daughter of the Comic Villain , and will marry her . ” Unprincipled Clerk . “ All is lost except WALTER CORAM , who ought to be . I will go to Australia , at once . ” ( He goes .) Comic Villain , ( smashes his hat over his eyes and swears ) . Virtuous Banker . “ Bless you , my children . I forgive you all the injuries I have done you . ” ( Curtain .) Every body in the audience . “ How do you like — Real fire ; STODDAHT 'S faces are — Real fire ; EFFIE GERMON is — Real fire ; Come and take — Real fire ; JIM WALLACK is always at home in — Real fire ; There is nothing in the play but — Real fire . ” Misanthropic Critic , to gentlemanly Treasurer . “ Can I have two seats for to-morrow night ? ” Treasurer . “ All sold , sir . Play draws better than Ours ! ” Misanthropic Critic . Well ! no matter . I only wanted to send my mother-in-law , knowing that the house must take fire some night . However , I 'll read the play to her instead ; if she survives that , she is n't mortal . Suggestion kindly made to Manager Moss .— Have the fire scene take place in the first act , and let all the dramatis personae perish in the flames . Thus shall the audience be spared the vulgar profanity of STODDART 'S “ Comic Villain , ” the absurdity of WALLACK 'S “ Coram , ” the twaddle of HIELD 'S “ Virtuous Banker , ” and the impossible imbecility of FISHER 'S “ Unprincipled Clerk . ” Miss GERMON in trowsers , and Miss HENRIQUES in tears , are very nice ; but they do not quite redeem the wretchedness of the play . The sooner Mr. Moss gives up his present flame and returns to his early love — legitimate comedy — the better . MATADOR . HOW TO BEHAVE AT A THEATRE . MR. PUNCHINELLO : I take it you are willing to receive useful information . Of course you are — Why ? Because , while you may be humorous , you intend also to be sensible . I have in my day been to the theatre not a little . I have seen many plays and many audiences . I know — or , at least , think I do — what is good acting , and — what good manners . Suffer me , then , briefly to give you a few hints as to how an audience should behave . I shall charge nothing for the information , though I am frank to insinuate that it is worth a deal — of the value , perhaps , of a great deal table . First . Always take a lady with you to the play . It will please her , whatever the bother to you . Besides , you will then be talked to . If you make a mess of it in trying to unravel the plot , she will essentially aid you in that direction . Nothing like a woman for a plot — especially if you desire to plunge head foremost into one . Second . If you have any loud conversation to indulge in , do it while the play is going on . Possibly it may disturb your neighbors ; but you do not ask them to hear it . Hail Columbia ! is n't this a free country ? If you have any private and confidential affairs to talk over , the theatre is the place in which to do it . Possibly strangers may not comprehend all the bearings ; but that is not your fault . You do your best — who can do better ? Third . If you have an overcoat or any other garment , throw it across the adjoining or front seat . Never mind any protests of frown or word . Should not people be willing to accommodate ? Of course they should . Prove it by putting your dripping umbrella against the lady with the nice moire antique silk . It may ruffle her temper ; but that 's her business , not yours ; she should n't be ridiculous because well dressed . Fourth . Try and drop your opera-glass half a dozen times of an evening . If it makes a great racket — as of course it will — and rolls a score of seats off , hasten at once to obtain possession of the frisky instrument . Let these little episodes be done at a crisis in the play where the finest points are being evolved . Fifth . Of course you carry a cane — a very ponderous cane . What for ? To use it , obviously . Contrive to do so when every body is silent . What 's the use in being demonstrative in a crowd ? It do n't pay . Besides , you dog , you know your forte is in being odd . Odd fellow-you . See it in your brain — only half of one . Make a point to bring down your cane when there is none , ( point , not cane ,) and shout out “ Good ! ” or “ Bravo ! ” when you have reason to believe other people are going to be quiet . Sixth . Never go in till after a play begins , and invariably leave in the middle of an act , and in the most engaging scene . These are but a few hints . However , I trust they are good as far as they go . I may send you a half-dozen more . In the mean time I remain Yours , truly , O. FOGY . Illustration PROSPECTUS , It shall be our highest ambition to realize our own wishes and to fulfil our own predictions . Our principles are moral to — the last degree . Our politics defy competition ; and it shall be our constant endeavor to make them more so . Our literary and scientific articles are our own , and consequently above criticism . OUR ILLUSTRATIONS Will include drawings on wood by our most PROMISING YOUNG ARTISTS . Besides the usual agricultural , shipping , and market reports , we shall publish THE BEST BON MOTS OF THE PULPIT . Illustration Soon to appear in our columns , A SERIAL , ENTITLED , “ IMPRESSIONS OF MODERN TRAVEL . ” Also , ILLUSTRATIONS OF ART-ANATOMY ; Exclusively for beginners . Together with “ RESEARCHES IN THE POCKETS OF OUR SUBSCRIBERS ; ” With appropriate - ( ing ) views . ( Faithful Preceptress ) “ Now you know where the gluteal muscle is ? ” In order to insure the widest possible influence , and consequently usefulness , we are prepared to offer the most LIBERAL TERMS . Any one sending us full subscription price , and ten dollars additional , will be entitled to ONE OF OUR AUTOGRAPH ESSAYS . Any one sending us the names of thirty new subscribers will receive by mail , post-paid , OUR PHOTOGRAPH ; Or , if preferred , Luther 's wedding-ring and mug ; or , our own wedding-ring , with the mugs of our wife and children . For Club Rates , refer to a Justice of the Peace . Answer to Correspondents : Sketch not available . V. H. to Punchinello . The following letter , received by the French cable , explains itself . After the perusal of it , America warms toward France : HAUTEVILLE PARK , March 25 , 1870 . To THE EDITOR OF THE PUNCHINELLO : MONSIEUR : The advance copy of your journal has stormed my heart . I owe it one happy day . Europe trembles . They light their torches sinister , those trans-alpine vacillationists . The church , already less tranquil , dis-segregates itself . We laugh . To your journal there is a future , and there will be a past . The age has its pulsations , and it never forgets . I , too , remember . There is also blood . Upon it already glitters the dust of glory . Monsieur ! I salute you and your confreres ! Accept my homage and my emotion . VICTOR HUGO . THE HABITS OF GREAT MEN . “ Lives of great men all remind us We can make our lives sublime , And , departing , leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time . ” Almost since the world began , people have been interested in and entertained by gossip respecting the personal habits and individual idiosyncrasies of popular writers and orators . It is a universal and undying characteristic of human nature . No age has been exempt from it from PLINY 'S time down to BEECHER 'S . It may suitably be called the scarlet-fever of curiosity , and rash indeed must be the writer who refuses or neglects to furnish any food for the scandal-monger 's maw . While we deprecate in the strongest terms the custom which persists in lifting the veil of personality from the forehead of the great , respect for traditional usages and obligation to the present , as well as veneration for the future , impels us to reveal some things that are not generally known concerning the men who are playing “ leading business ” on the world 's great stage of to-day . For instance , mankind is generally ignorant of the fact that Mr. SUMNER bathes twice a day in a compound , two thirds of which is water and one third milk , and that he dictates most of his speeches to a stenographer while reclining in the bath-tub . WENDELL PHILLIPS is said to have written the greater portion of his famous lecture on “ The Lost Arts ” on the backs of old envelopes while waiting for a train in the Boston depot . Mr. GEORGE W. CURTIS prepares his mind for writing by sleeping with his head encased in a nightcap lined with leaves of lavender and rose . GRANT , it is said , accomplishes most of his writing while under the influence of either opium or chloroform , which will account for the soothing character of his state papers . WALT WHITMAN writes most of his poetry in the dissecting-room of the Medical College , where he has a desk fitted up in close proximity to the operating table . Mr. DANA is said to write most of his editorials in one of the parlors of the Manhattan Club , arrayed in black broadcloth from the sole of his head to the crown of his foot , his hands encased in corn - colored kids , a piece of chewing-gum in his mouth , and a bottle of Cherry Pectoral by his side . The report that he eats fish every morning for his breakfast is untrue : he rejects FISH . COLFAX writes all his speeches and lectures with his feet in hot water , and his head wrapped in a moist towel . His greatest vice , next to being Vice-President , is to insist upon having his writing desk in front of a mirror . BUTLER accomplishes most of his literary labor over a dish of soup , which he absorbs through the medium of two of his favorite weapons , thus keeping both his hands employed , and dictating to an amanuensis every time his mouth enjoys a vacation . BEECHER has several methods by which he prepares his mind to write a sermon : By riding up and down Broadway on the top of a stage ; visiting the Academy of Anatomy , or spending a few hours at the Bloomingdale Retreat . Neither HOLMES nor WHITTIER are able to write a line of poetry until they are brought in contact with the blood of freshly-slain animals ; while , on the other hand , LONGFELLOW 'S only dissipation previous to poetic effort , is a dish of baked beans . FORNEY vexes his gigantic intellect with iced water and tobacco , ( of the latter , “ two papers , both daily . ” ) Mr. TILTON composes as he reposes in his night-dress , with his hair powdered and “ a strawberry mark upon his left arm . ” Mr. PARTON writes with his toes , his hands being employed meanwhile knitting hoods for the destitute children of Alaska . Mr. P. is a philanthropist . BAYARD TAYLOR writes only in his sleep or while in a trance state — notwithstanding the fact that he lives in the State of Pennsylvania . He will then dictate enough to require the services of three or four stenographers , and in the morning is ready to attend to the laborious and exacting duties attached to the position of stockholder in the New-York Tribune . Mr. GREELEY conceives some of his most brilliant editorial articles while churning the mercurial milk of the Chappaqua farm into butter ; or vexing the gracious grain with the flying flail ; or listening to the pensive murmurings of the plaintive pigs , and the whispered cadences of the kindly cattle . RICHARD GRANT WHITE can n't write , it is said , until a towel moistened with Cologne water is applied to his nostrils . Sometimes , however , he varies the monotony of this method by riding several miles in a Third Avenue car , which produces a similar effect . OAKEY HALL writes his best things while riding on horseback in Central Park ; his saddle being arranged with a writing-desk accompaniment ; and while OAKEY dashes off the sentences , his horse furnishes the Stops . And just here we propose to stop furnishing further revelations concerning the men whose deeds have made their names famous in current national and local history . GOSSIP IN A SCHOOL-HOUSE . Teacher . “ WELL , MINNIE , HAVE YOU ANY THING NEW AT HOME ? ” Interesting Scholar . “ OH ! YES ; WE 'VE SMALL-POX , AND ‘ LAPSING FEVER , AN MEASLES , AND WHOOPING-COUGH . ” ( Tableau expressive of consternation .)] Taking the Cue . There is a strong disposition among those of our diplomats who may be able to talk a little “ pigeon English , ” to obtain the Chinese position left vacant by Mr. BURLINGAME . Most of these gentlemen can point the Moral of the matter — the sixty thousand dollars a year — but whether any of them would adorn the Tail , is quite another affair . Questions for H. G . Is not the Tribune influenced by its negrophilism in denouncing PIERRE BONAPARTE as an assassin ? Had the victim been a BLANC instead of a NOIR , would Mr. GREELEY have felt quite as much sympathy for him ? APROPOS OF THE “ ONEIDA . ” — The windiest excuses of the day are those of EYRE . ARRAH WHAT DOES HE MANE AT ALL ? Scene . The White House . ULYSSES ASLEEP . CUBA , ROONEY , AND FISH OUTSIDE ON THE LOBBY . ROONEY Loquitur . ULYSSES asthore ! Good lord , do n't he snore ! ULYSSES ! ULYSSES , my boy ! There 's company here , must see you , me dear , In spite of this Spanish kill-joy . This Minister FISH , who , had he his wish , Wud put your ould ROONEY down-stairs . Ay , faith if he dar , but betther by far The sinner was sayin ’ his pray'rs . Arrah what does he mane at all ? Now , ULICK S. GRANT , it 's your own self I want , To patiently listen , mavrone , To what I 've to say , in a fatherly way , As if you wor child ov my own . For shure is it time , in prose or in rhyme , That somebody spoke up , who dar ’ . ULYSSES awake ! for Liberty 's sake , It 's braykin our hearts you are . Arrah what do you mane at all ? Och , wirrasthrue vo ! it 's bitther to know The work that goes an in your name ; The murdher an ’ ruin , that others are doin ’ Whilst you have to showlder the shame ! The grief that is ours , whin you , by the Pow'rs , Seem traytin it all like a joke , Like NAYRO , the thief , whin Room was in grief , That fiddled away in the smoke ! Arrah what do you mane at all ? Och , wake up , ochone ! Your innimies groan The words that cut deep as a sword : “ He 's greedy for goold , an by its slaves rooled ULYSSES is false to his word . See poor Cuba there , all tatthered and bare ; For months at his doore she has stud ; Not a word he replies to her sobs or her sighs , Nor cares for her tears or her blood ! Arrah what does he mane at all ? ” Musha , what 's that you say ? “ Sind the ould fool away . ” I 'm disturbin ’ your rest wid my prate ; There 's Minister FISH , to consult if I wish , Who attinds to all matthers of state . An ’ Cuba , she too , wid her hulabaloo , May just as well bundle an ’ go ; You wo n't hear us now , wid our murtherin row , You 'll sleep it out whether or no ! Arrah what do we mane at all ? Ah ! then , by my sowl , this thratemint is foul — To put your best frinds to the blush ; An ’ wor you sinsare , in what you sed there We 'd tie up your whistle , my thrush ! But ULICK , machree , you can n't desave me , By sayin ’ the word you do n't mane ; Or make her beleeve who stands at me sleeve , In FISH an ’ his Castles in Spane . Arrah what do you mane at all ? ‘ Tis late in the day to talk in that way ; We 've had ministhers dishes galore , An ’ laste to my taste , at the blundherin faste , The sauce ov that fish one , asthore . No , ULICK , alan ! the work that 's in han ’ Must be done by yourself , if at all . Your cooks , by my troth , are burnin ’ the broth , We smell it out here in the hall ! Arrah what do you mane at all ? No , ULICK , my boy , rise up to our joy , An ’ make a clane sweep ov the crowd Of tinkerin tools , an ’ blundherin fools , That put your wits undher a cloud . Rise up in your might , an ’ sthrike for the right ! Let England an ’ Spain hear us talk ; Give FISH his conjay , an ’ ROONEY will stay ; You 'll then see who 's cock ov the walk ! Arrah what do you mane at all ? Lave Britain alone ; if she wo n't pay , mavrone , She 's puttin ’ her head into debt . If I know the books , the way the thing looks , She 'll pay us , wid intherest , yet ! Ay , faith he did say , so wise in his day — That noble ould Graycian , PHILANDER — That sauce for the goose , if well kept for use , Was just as good sauce for the gandher ! Arrah what did he mane at all ? But Spain , the ould wulf , for her tricks in the Gulf , Her robbery , murdher , and worse , Her debt , she must see , is put down C. O. D ., Wid Cuba relaysed from her curse . Ay , FISH , you may sweat , an ’ SUMNER may threat , An ’ burst his crack 'd head in the row ; The People have spoke , that 's fire an ’ not smoke ! An ’ this must be finished , an ’ now . Arrah what do you mane at all ? Och ! ULICK , awake , for Liberty 's sake ! If not for your ROONEY , asthore ; The Godiss is here , but thrimbles wid fear Ov the cowld-blooded Thing at the doore . She sez that your name a by-word of shame Will be to the nations onborn , If you lie there anmov 'd whilst the flag that you lov 'd Is flouted by Spaniards wid scorn . Arrah what do you mane at all ? She sez , an ’ wid grief , her love for the chief , That fought neath her bannir so long , Will turn into hate , that will cling to the fate Ov him who now sides wid the wrong . She sez ov all woes that misery knows , The grief ov the wronger 's the worst Who houlds back his ban ’ from a sufferin ’ lan ’ An ’ laves her to tyrants accurs 'd ! Arrah what do you mane at all ? Ah ! that stirs your blood ; I thought that it wud . Your rizin ’ , me bouchal ; it 's done ! Go on wid your pray'rs ! I 'm kickin ’ down-stairs This ould Spanish mack'rel , for fun . Sweet Liberty here , and Cuba , my dear ! You 'll stay for the bite an ’ the sup ? An ’ pardon my joy ; since I 've woke up the boy I do n't know what ind ov me 's up ! Arrah what did he mane at all ? Travellers ’ Tales . No one now believes that DR. LIVINGSTONE was burnt for sorcery . The originator of the report could have made a more plausible story by asserting that LIVINGSTONE refused to marry the daughter of an African chief , and was consequently put to death . This would have been strictly in accordance with the customs of the African aristocracy , and would also have called forth general admiration for the man who preferred to burn rather than to marry . City Hamlets vs . Rural Ditto . The leading cities of late have grown almost wild with excitement over their HAMLETS ; but in country localities , the hamlets are marked for quietude , and a refreshing freedom from all that is stagey , except , perhaps , stage-coaches . THE NEW-YORK ANTI-ORANGE-PEEL AND BANANA-SKIN ASSOCIATION , AS THEY APPEAR IN THEIR GREAT HUMANITARIAN FEAT OF CLEARING THE SIDE-WALKS . ORANGE-PEEL , ET . CETERA . PUNCHINELLO , ever ready to hail with acclamation all that is for the welfare of his fellow-men , is delighted to learn that an “ Anti-Orange-peel-and-Banana-skin Association ” has been organized in the city of New-York . The great number of severe accidents annually caused by the idiotic custom of casting orange-peel and such other lubricious integuments recklessly about the side-walks , has long furnished a topic for public animadversion . Some of our leading citizens have taken the matter in hand — or , to speak more correctly , on foot . The picture at the top of this page gives a life-like representation of the Association referred to , engaged in their benevolent work of removing from the side-walk with their Boots all such fragments as might tend to the development of Slippers . The Association has PUNCHINELLO 'S best wishes . The Orange-Outangs who render the side-walks dangerous have his worst . HAMLET FROM A RURAL POINT . The Great FECHTER as HAMLET has given us another proof of the brilliant imagination of Mr. DICKENS . The play is so well known that a synopsis of it is unnecessary . Yet a few words on the subject . An economical mother in high society permits baked meats left from a funeral festival to be served at a subsequent entertainment . Her son takes umbrage at this ; becomes morose and sullen ; affects spiritualism and private theatricals . This leads to serious family difficulties , culminating in a domestic broil of unusual violence . The intellectual aim of the piece is to show the extraordinary loquacity of a Danish Prince . The moral inculcated by it is , “ Spare the rod and spoil the child . ” It is replete with quotations from the best authors , and contains many passages of marked ability . Its literary merit is unquestionable , though it lacks the vivacity of BOUCICAULT , and possesses no situation of such intense interest as the scene in ROSINA MEADOWS where the heroine starts for Boston . Mr. FECHTER presents HAMLET as a perfect “ flaxy ; ” partly in deference to the present popularity of the tint , and partly to show a marked contrast with his OTHELLO , which character he always makes up as a male brunette . His countenance is of great breadth and flexibility , ranging in its full compass from the Placid Babe to the Outraged Congressman . His voice extends from B flat profundo to the ut de poitrine piccolo . The emotional nature of HAMLET gives him opportunity to exhibit both of these wonderful organs , and in tutta forza passages , where he forces them to their utmost power , the effect is exhilarating . Mr. FECHTER is polished . He does not hesitate to correct the sometimes rude and occasionally offensive remarks of HAMLET . Mr. FECHTER is refined . He permits “ no maggots in a dead dog . ” He substitutes “ trichinae in prospective pork . ” Fashionable patrons will appreciate this . They cherish poodles , particularly post-mortem ; they disdain swine . Mr. FECHTER is polite . He excludes “ the insolence of office , ” and “ the cutpurse of the empire and the rule . ” Collector BAILEY 'S “ fetch ” sits in front . Mr. FECHTER is fastidious . He omits the prefatory remarks to “ assume a virtue , ” but urges his mother to seek relief in Chicago . Considering her frivolous conduct and the acrid colloquy consequent upon the comparison of photographs , this is filial as well as affectionate . Minor actors must , of course , be precluded from liberties with the text ; but presuming the alterations in question to be the result of a consultation with Mr. DICKENS , we must rejoice that SHAKESPEARE is being toned to good society . We commend the improved readings to the delicate susceptibilities of the community . Mr. FECHTER is a great genius . Distinguished talent is occasionally needed to elevate the national taste . How we have outraged theatrical proprieties by applauding WALLACK and BOOTH and DAVENPORT ! FORREST , forget us . FECHTER , forgive us . Epitaph on a Defunct Boarding-House . Peace to its Hashes ! Apropos of Small-salaried Husbands , who have Extravagant Wives . “ A little earning is a dangerous thing . ” The Mormon 's Motto Bring ‘ em Young . OUR EFFICIENT NAVY DEPARTMENT . Admiral Porter . The Queen has taken your Jack . You never could protect your Jack , Mr. Secretary . ( And they go on with their little game , never heeding the signal of distress from the Oneida .)] blank page JUMBLES . Illustration Truth to tell , I do n't like neighbors . I do like civilization . The trouble is , neighbors are not always civilized . PUNCHINELLO will be impressed with the fact before becoming a single weekling . The first floor may be ever so nice , quiet , well-dressed , proper folks — but those dreadful musical people in the attic ! I hate musical people ; that is , when in the chrysalis state of learning . Practice makes perfect , indeed ; but practice also makes a great deal of noise . Noise is another of my constitutional dislikes . If these matters must be divided , give me the melody , and whoever else will , may take the noise . The truth is , my dear PUNCHINELLO — and I may as well begin calling you what the public will do one of these early days — there is nothing like notes . But bank-notes are my weakness . My weakness in that direction is , I may confidently state , very strong . The ladies are not the only greenbacks that are accepted at sight ; and acceptable to it . The bank on which I should like to dwell — do you not guess it ?— is the auriferous National . Those musical neighbors-how they do play , though ! But , to borrow from Mr. SLANG , my queer neighbor opposite , they have about played out . Our gentlemanly landlord — all landlords are so very gentlemanly , kind , good , and considerate — Mr. GRABB , says it do n't pay to keep such tenants . “ Mr. GRABB , pay — pray , why do n't it pay ? ” “ Why , Mr. TODD , why , sir — because they do n't pay . D'ye see it , Mr. TODD ? ” Mr. TODD did see it . “ Music hath charms , ” and all that fine thing ; but it can n't evidently charm a landlord , as at present constructed , into the faith that the notes of a fiddle , a clarionet , a bugle , or a trombone are negotiable at the corner grocery , or in Wall and State streets . Going from bars to banks is a distance . But when I go anywhere , I like to have it distant . The enjoyment is invariably greater . It saves my tailors , hatters , restaurant keepers , and some others , the expense and trouble of too much correspondence . Such is n't good for the brain — especially where it is small , and easily overtaxed . “ Distance lends enchantment to the view . ” May I ask , is or was distance in the brokerage line that it lent enchantment to the view ? and what might possibly have been the conditions on which the loan was made ? The man who leaves his country for its ( and his ) good has an especial fondness for the distant . The further off the nearer he feels like home . Australia is an El Dorado — the antipodes a celestial region . The intervening sea is one over which the most penetrating of argus-eyed policemen or sheriffs , can not see . Australia — is it not the land of gold ? Who that has poached a pile does not gravitate there , as the needle to the pole ? Of course , I do not mean the sewing-machine needle . Some people think California greater . I do n't . The greatness of a country does not in all cases turn on its great rogues . New-York and Washington may not assent ; but , Mr. PUNCHINELLO , is n't it so ? These may give it character , but of the sort nobody is anxious to carry in his pocket as a wedge by which to enter good , genteel society . “ Character , ” says a leading mind , “ is every thing . ” Quite true ; and if of the right sort , will take a man speedily to the noose . Biddy can get the most stunning of characters at the first corner for half a week 's wages or — stealings . As a general thing , I do n't believe in characters , and for the reason that a large portion of my acquaintances — I go into society a great deal — do not appear to have a bit of the article . They say it is unnecessary ; that “ society ” do n't demand it ; and that to have it is like travelling with baggage which is mere rubbish . My elastic but excellent friend JENKINS says the only sense that can be put on society market to practical advantage is the uncommon scamp . Common sense , so-called , is a drug . Old Mr. MATTEROFACT — who heeds him or his ? He 's always pushed into the corner , or crowded to the back seat . Sensible people , the world being judges , are a mistake . They were born and educated that way . They do n't definitely belong anywhere . Trespassers , interlopers , impertinents-why should they be tolerated ? Does n't CONGRESSMAN SURFACE , of the Forty-fourth District , rule the roast ? Is n't Mrs . SIMPLE the pattern Woman of the Swell-Front avenue ? Who so charming as Widow MILKWATER ? Common sense might have done once , but that was when the world was younger and yet more old-fashioned . It is n't available now . Rust never shines . Out upon it , or let it get out . The best place , I would suggest , is out of town — and in the woods . Strangers always make people feel uncomfortable . Need I hint just now that it is Lent ? Lent is suggestive . It suggests some of my best books . Books are the best of friends . They are honest . They say what they feel , and feel what they say . Like other blessings , too , they often take to wings and fly ; and it proves to be a fly that never returns . A good book is a joy forever . The only sad thing about it is , that it keeps lent all the time — not so much piously as profanely . Am I my brother 's keeper ? No . But my brother is quite too often a keeper of mine — of mine own choice authors . The best of friends are , of course — like the best of steaks — rather rare . Like honest men they count only one in ten thousand — an extremely small per cent in a commercial point of view . Books — what should we do without them ? What may we not do with them , if it were not for the season of Lent ? I am something of a politician . My friends do not think I am . But they are prejudiced — friends always are . I go , on principle , for the greatest good of the greatest number . You know that humble , initial figure . I confess to a love of loaves and fishes . A nice French loaf , and a delicious salmon in the suburbs of green peas — who would n't be a politician about that time ? I have run for office — and at least half a dozen times . But , bless you , I never caught it . Some big , burly , brainless cur of a fellow was always ahead of me . Very queer in politics — the less the head the more one gets ahead . A head is little or nothing ; but face , cheek , assurance — such is much ; is every thing . What are politics but audacity ? what professions of public good but pretences for private pap ? I like politics . Politics , however , do n't seem to like me . I call myself a patriot ; but , strangely enough , or otherwise , I have never been called to fill a patriot 's office — say for $ 5000 and upward per year . As for a patriot 's grave — it 's a fine thing , no doubt , but I have never regarded it as my “ mission ” to fill that . It affects one 's activity and usefulness , and cuts off going to FECHTER BOOTH , Frou-Frou , the Twelve Temptations , and opera . I declined all such honors during the war , and on principle ; the principal thing being that I had no taste for lead and iron . Iron , I know , is good for the blood ; but taken in bullets , it lessens instead of increases the circulation . These metals are quite too much for a delicate stomach . Shells as a drink I like ; shells as bombs I do not like . They are unhealthy . As a beverage I can surround it several times a day , and bless the climate that grows it , and the cask that makes it . But of shells , as of company , I prefer to make my choice . I , too , have my choice of office . I am strong and can draw well . My forte is drawing salary . That may not be the highest form of art , but it is unquestionably artful . Moreover , it is the one mankind , if it could , would cultivate with the most assiduity . It is the plaster every man would put to his back . As a politician I believe in myself first , my pocket second , my country third . This platform is strong and satisfactory — at least to your friend , TIMOTHY TODD . ALBANY COCK-ROBINS . Who killed the Charter ? I , says the Herald , With wit a la JERROLD . As Assemblymen I ferruled , And I killed the Charter . Who killed the Charter ? I , says the World , With my blunders hurled And black flag unfurled , And I killed the Charter . Who killed the Charter ? I , says the Sun , With my sensation fun , Or my Sol-ferino gun , And I killed the Charter . Who killed the Charter ? I , says PUNCHINELLO , With my wit so mellow , I was the very fellow Who killed off the Charter . THE DWARF DEJECTED . A pathetic recital for the benefit of you , or me , or any other snail who may want a tortoise-shell . In what year , or under what king Bezoman , lived he , no matter . Suffice it to know he still survives . Once he was happy ! Once , whene'er the eventide flooded the earth with effulgent glory , and each little star began to wonder who I was , to the loftiest turret of his quite commodious castle this dwarf would climb , and muse upon sciology and the cosmic forces . Illustration “ Oh ! Life is joy — is peace to me ! ” would he cry , ever and anon . And ever an anonymous owl would scream , “ To whoo ? To whoo ? ” Upon one eventful eve he sat upon his turret . Gazing around , he sprang upon his feet . “ What , ho ! ” he cried , as a glimmer of light shot across the surface of the lake , “ What , ho ! A light in the ship-house ! Tis the red light of danger ! I forbode . ” Glancing around and beneath him , he perceived that the stucco was peeling from his favorite turret . “ Here is danger , indeed ! ” he said ; and loudly shouted for his ah ! too dilatory servant to bring the ladder by which he ascended and descended his lofty pinnacle . At last the servant came , and he was a new and somewhat weighty waiter youth . “ Ah ! big lad —! ” then said the dwarf . “ I am glad , good sir , ” replied the boy . “ I would have the big ladder ! ” cried his master . “ I can n't be gladder , ” said the boy . The dwarf looked pityingly down upon the youth for several moments . “ Are you a natural-born fool ? ” said he . The boy advanced to the edge of the roof , made a bow , placed one arm at right angles before him , while the other hung by his side , and thus he sang his song : “ I 've never been to public school , My vaccination did not take . Perhaps I will grow up a fool ; But that my heart will never break . I would not win in learning 's race , Nor e'er be rich and lose my looks ; I think that a small-pocked face Is worse than e'en small pocket-books . Then , didy fol , la , la , la , la !— ” “ Stop ! ” cried the now enraged dwarf . “ Begone ! ere I , base boy ! shall heave the turret down . ” “ Certainly , ” replied the youth . “ Big , ornary , base boy shall leave thee to rot down . Oh ! yes ; of course , of course ! ” And away he went . The Court fool came at last and let his master down . “ Oh ! ho ! ” said he of the motley , as the dwarf came slowly down the ladder . “ Thou art now the first descendant of thy house . ” The dwarf laughed , and fell the rest of the way . “ No matter ! ” he cried , rubbing his shins . “ My house shall follow me . It shall come down too . I am going to have it all built up anew . ” “ Bravo ! ” said the clown . “ I thought you were too happy . ” On the next day the door-bell of the castle rang , and soon a varlet came to fast inform my lord the dwarf that in the parlor waited now a giant , and on the card he gave his name was written , “ S. T . Mate . ” The dwarf unto his parlor quick repaired , and there , upon some dozen chairs the giant sat , smiling benign . “ Hail to thee ! good Sir Dwarf , ” spake the mammoth , and rising and folding his arms across his breast , he sang , in royal bass , his song : “ I hear that thou , O neighbor brave ! Thy edifice anew would build . I come to much vain labor save . If thou to hear me now art willed . ” “ Proceed , ” said the dwarf , seating himself upon a piano-stool , and screwing himself up until he was near the ceiling and on a level with the singer 's head . The giant proceeded : “ If thou shouldst build thy house thyself , The cost thou surely ne'er would know ; But if I take the job , my friend . You 'll see where every cent will go . ” “ I like that , ” said the dwarf . “ Pray sing some more . ” “ I 'll tell you just what it will cost ; And all that you will have to do Will be to travel for a time , Whilst I your castle build anew . ” “ That 's capital ! ” cried the delighted dwarf . “ It would suit me exactly . Warble me yet other wood notes wild . ” The giant sang on : “ A castle such as you will want Will cost you eighty pounds — or so . I 'll charge you nothing for my time ; You 'll see where every cent will go . ” Illustration The dwarf revolved himself rapidly , and quickly reached the floor . “ The concert 's over ! ” he cried , “ and here 's a check for eighty pounds . Proceed ! Tear down ; construct ! I leave tonight for foreign parts . Write me when all is done . Adieu . ” The interview terminated . The clown , who had overheard this fair discourse , now left the castle ; and retiring to a secluded spot , where — a willow drooped sadly o'er the brook , he laid him down and died . The dwarf to foreign parts now hied , and when twelve months had passed , and he had had no news of his grand castle , he returned home . He found the castle finished — all but the roof and walls . The deep cellars , with their marble copings just peeping ‘ neath the heavy mass of weeds that clustered to their very edge , were dark and solemn . The sly fox slunk along their passages , and grim serpents reared their heads from many a gloomy corner . The dwarf , he gazed in silence ! By heavy sighs his breast was heaven , and black thoughts made his soul like Hades ! Anon he mounted in hot haste , and rode unto the giant 's castle on the distant hills . By sundown , the dwarf he saw on the horizon a great blue mass , the sight of which did move his inmost being . “ It is his castle ! ” quoth he , and he gave his steed free rein . The interview was terrible ! All the domestics fled and hid themselves in distant dells . At last the dwarf , exhausted by vituperation , sank upon the flagstones of the court-yard . Then folded the giant his arms and sang his song : “ Oh ! hear me now , misguided dwarf , Eight thousand pound more I must ask . Materials , and labor too , All rose since I began my task . Among the things we can n't divine . Are values of such terms as ‘ so ; ’ But I 've all items entered straight , Where all the money goes you 'll know . ” The dwarf gave one quick savage glance at the pocket of the giant , S. T . MATE , and then , without a word , he proudly crossed the drawbridge . But he had not long left the castle at his back ere dejection crept upon him and never left him more . The dwarf he did his cellar reach , fainting , almost bereft of speech ; and as his men he staggered by , with panting breast and haggard eye , “ Minstrel ! ” he cried , “ O laggard ! I for deepest depths of Lethe long . Get thy guitar and sing a song ! ” The minstrel sang : “ O Estimate ! Thy name is great , MEDUSA 's head thou sure must own . Do as we will , Thy coming still Turns all our hard-earned cash to stone . ” The dwarf , now sunk in Lethe 's mud , did snore ; knowing the sign , the minstrel then forbore . Illustration ODE TO THE MISSING COLLECTOR . BY REGALIA REYNA . Where are you now , MR. BAILEY ? We 've been looking for you daily , Sometimes sadly , sometimes gayly , Ever since the week begun . Loving you so dear as we do , Doting on you , doubting for you , Looking for you , longing for you , Waiting for you , watching for you , Fearing you have cut and run , Ere your heavy task was done In cigars , and snuff , and rum ; Spoiling for us lots of fun , And racy items for The Sun , In the seizure rows begun , And the heavy raids to come . Think of poor , forsaken KIRBY , Think of honest-scented HARVEY ! Your desertion , J. F. BAILEY , “ Busts ” our glorious Trinity ; Robs the law of subtlety , Knocks our look for moietie , Knocks that Jersey property ! So much whisky all set free : Where is SHIELDS to get his fee ? Think of melancholy PUFFER , What the aged CHILDS must suffer ! JOSHUA F ., the noble buffer , “ Lost to sight , to memory dear , ” Think of energetic VAIL Looking round to get his bail , While you 're riding on a rail , Or on ocean gayly sail For UNCLE BULL 'S dominion ! How could you thus fly the track With so many stores to “ crack , ” And COLUMBUS at your back To defy the whiskey pack And popular opinion ? Whiskey “ fellers ” feeling badly , Cigar-sellers smoking madly , Bondsmen looking sorely , sadly , If their signatures are clear , If you will not cost them dear , If in court they must appear Mournfully , in doubt and fear . Oh ! you weak , unfeeling cuss , To get them in this shocking muss ; How their pocket-books will rue it ! J. F. B ., how could you do it ? Are you putting for the West , Did you take French leave for Brest , Have you feathered well your nest , Do you sweetly take your rest ; Say , whom do you like the best — COOK , or JENKS , or FULLERTON ? Would you , JOSH , believe it true , At the moment , sir , when you Waited for that verdict blue , O'er the wires the message flew , Paid or franked by BOUTWELL through : “ The gig is up ; the cuss wo n't do . Put the district Thirty-two Under General PLEASANTON . ” Oh ! the vile ingratitude ; Of Statesmen in this latitude ; Worse than DELANO 'S attitude . Say , what is your longitude , East or West from Washington ? “ Fox ” - y . FECHTER 'S wig in HAMLET . “ Echoes of the Clubs . ” SOUND of the policemen 's batons on the sidewalk . Over and Under . INDIANA is said to be “ going over ” her divorce laws . She has certainly gone long enough under them . Our Bullet-in . THE government has so many bad guns on hand that it deserves to be called , “ A snapper-up of unconsidered Rifles . ” Every Little Helps . THE British newspapers say that ARTHUR HELPS writes the PRINCE OF WALES 'S speeches . Now , if ARTHUR HELPS the Prince , who helps ARTHUR ? CONDENSED CONGRESS . SENATE . By particular request , the Georgia bill came up . So did Senator SCHURZ . He approved of almost all propositions which tended to complicate questions , because the more complication the more offices , the more offices the more patronage , and the more patronage the more fees . He knew that it was an alluring precedent which was offered them in the action of the legislature of Georgia , retaining itself for double the term it was elected to serve . But it was the duty of Congress to resist temptation . He used the word duty advisedly . Gentlemen might sneer ; but he could tell them that the public would not stand the infliction of such a Senate as that which he saw before him for a day longer than it was obliged to by law . By disregarding law , he wished to know whether the laws would not be greater than the profits . He admitted that this was a pun ; but appealed to PUNCHINELLO upon the point of the propriety of puns . Reform , he would say , was a “ plant ” of slow growth . He had sown it ; and his colleague , Mr. —— -  , had watered it ; but it did not seem to thrive in Missouri . Mr. DRAKE , who has been studying elocution under a graduate of the Old Bowery , and has acquired a most tragic croak , which , with a little rouge and burnt cork , and haggard hair , gives him a truly awful aspect , remarked that the soil of the South was clotted with blood by fiends in human shape , ( sensation in the diplomatic gallery .) The metaphor might be meaningless ; but it struck him it was strong . These fiends were doubly protected by midnight and the mask . In his own State the Ku-Klux ranged together with the fierce whang-doodle . His own life had been threatened . ( Faint applause .) He had received an express package marked in large letters , “ D. H . ” The President of the United States , an expert in express packages , had told him this meant “ Dead Head . ” Was this right ? Hah ! Bellud !! Gore was henceforth his little game . He would die in his seat . ( Great cheering , which rendered the remainder of the senator 's remarks inaudible .) The case of the admission of General AMES as a senator from Mississippi came up . Senator CONKLING said that he had no objection to AMES in particular ; but in Brigadier-General , he considered the principle of letting in men who elected themselves to be bad . Notoriously , General AMES did not live in Mississippi . He considered this rather creditable to General AMES 'S good sense than otherwise . But did it not operate as a trivial disqualification against his coming here to represent Mississippi ? Besides , if generals were allowed to elect themselves , where would it end ? General AUGUR , he believed , commanded the Indian district . He would send himself to the Senate from that region , and be howling about the Piegan massacre and such outrages upon his constituents , with which the Senate had been sickened already . In that case AUGUR , he grieved to say , would be a Bore . Then there is CANBY , who commands in Virginia . CANBY would like to be a senator , no doubt , like other people who never tried it ; and he will be if he CANBY . A distinguished friend of his in the other house , whom it would be detrimental to the public service for him to name , if this military representation were to be recognized , instead of sitting for a district in Massachusetts , would represent Dutch Gap . They had already , in his friend from Missouri , a representative of the German Flats ; and he submitted that a member from Dutch Gap would be two tonic for the body politic . Mr. HOWARD was in favor of the admission of AMES . He considered the arguments of the last speaker paltry , and his puns beneath contempt . What difference did it make whether AMES represented Mississippi or not ? Mississippi was disloyal , and did n't deserve to have any representative . AMES was a good fellow , and a good officer . Besides , he had been through West-Point and knew something . He understood he played a very fair game of billiards , and he would be an ornament to the Senate . Let us let him in . The Senate had already let in REVELS , who had been sent by AMES ; and it was absurd to keep out AMES , who was the master of the REVELS . He considered that , in the language of a manly sport with which senators were familiar , he “ saw ” Senator CONKLING 'S puns , and went several better , though he did not wish to be considered a better himself . All this time , singular to say , Senator SUMNER remained silent . HOUSE . The House had a little amusement over polygamy in Utah . That institution shocks Mr. WARD , of New-York , and naturally also Mr. BUTLER , of Massachusetts . Mr. WARD was astonished to see any member standing up in defence of polygamy in the nineteenth century . If some member should stand up in any other century and defend it , it would not astonish him at all . It was sheer inhumanity to refuse to come to the rescue of our suffering brethren in Utah . How a man who had one wife could consent to see fellow - creatures writhing under the infliction of two or three each , was what , Mr. WARD remarked , got over him . Mr. BUTLER pointed out how much money the Mormons had made . Mr. Cox did not see why we should interfere by force to prevent a man 's marrying as many wives as he chose . Such a man was his own worst enemy ; and his crime carried its own punishment . Mr. HOOPER , of Utah , said the bill was an outrage . By all the wives that he held most sacred , he felt impelled to resent it . MOSES was a polygamist ; hence his meekness . If this sort of thing was continued , no man 's wives would be safe . His own partners would be torn from him , and turned out upon the world . He scorned to select from among them . Take all or none . THE MARRIAGE MARKET IN ROME . The business of catching impecunious counts , of magnetizing bankrupt marquises , and of plucking penniless princes , as practised by American women , appears to absorb all the attention in Rome at present . The rage for titles is said to be so great among some classes of Americans resident in the Holy City , that the only song one hears at evening parties and receptions is the one commencing , “ When I can read my title clear . ” We should not be surprised any day to hear that a marriage market had been opened on one of the plazas of Rome , the quotations of which would read something after this fashion : Husbands dull and declining ; American beauties more active ; foreign mammas less firm ; American securities in great demand ; the market in princes somewhat stronger ; holders of titles much sought after ; brains without money a drug in the market ; “ bogus ” counts at a discount ; the genealogy market panicky and falling ; the stock of nobility rapidly depreciating ; the pedigree exchange market flat and declining , etc ., etc . This traffic in titles , this barter in dowries , this swapping of “ blood ” for dollars , is an offense too rank for words to embody it . The trade in cadetships is mild in comparison with it , because in these commercial transactions with counts , while one party may be the purchaser , both parties are inevitably seen to be sold . The business may only be excusable on the theory that “ an even exchange is no robbery . ” But so long as brains are not bartered for a title , or beauty sacrificed for a pedigree , we should not complain . Of money , there is plenty in America ; and , while marquises are in the market , let Shoddy continue to pipe for its own . A fig for Macbeth 's philosophy that “ blood will have blood . ” We modify it in these degenerate days to “ blood will have money : ” “ Maidens , like moths , are ever caught by glare ; And Mammon wins his way where Seraphs might despair . ” “ The Lay of the Last Minstrel . ” “ SHOO FLY , do n't bodder me . ” “ Benedict 's Time . ” THE honeymoon . Homoeopathic Cure for Hydrophobia . BARK . Ode to my Washerwoman . $ 2 50 . A. T. STEWART & CO . ARE MAKING GREAT REDUCTIONS , In the Prices of the Goods IN ALL THE DEPARTMENTS OF THEIR Retail Establishment , NAMELY SILKS , SATINS , VELVETS , Dress Goods , Laces , Embroideries , REAL INDIA CAMEL 'S HAIR SHAWLS , Ladies ’ , Misses ’ , and Children 's Walking-Suits , Reception-Dresses , Morning-Robes , Undergarments , INFANT 'S WARDROBES , Gentlemen 's Furnishing Goods of every Description , HOUSEKEEPING AND HOUSE-FURNISHING GOODS , Linens , Sheetings , Damasks , Damask Table-Cloths , Napkins , Towels , Towelings , Blankets . Flannels , Quilts , Counterpanes , Carpets , Mats , Rugs , ENGLISH AND AMERICAN OIL-CLOTHS Upholstery Goods in Brocatelles , Silk Terrys , Plain Satins , Figured Cotelaines , Striped Reps , Furniture Chintzes , Etc ., Etc ., Etc ., AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES . BROADWAY , Fourth Avenue , Ninth and Tenth Streets , The two great objects of a learner 's ambition ought to be to speak a foreign language idiomatically , and to pronounce it correctly ; and these are the objects which are most carefully provided for in the MASTERY SYSTEM . The Mastery of Languages ; OR THE ART OF SPEAKING LANGUAGES IDIOMATICALLY . BY THOMAS PRENDERGAST . I. Hand-Book of The Mastery Series . II . The Mastery Series . French . III . The Mastery Series . German . IV . The Mastery Series . Spanish . PRICE 50 CENTS EACH . From Professor E. M. Gallaudet , of the National Deaf Mute College . “ The results which crowned the labor of the first week were so astonishing that he fears to detail them fully lest doubts should be raised as to his credibility . But this much he does not hesitate to claim , that , after a study of less than two weeks , he was able to sustain conversation in the newly-acquired language on a great variety of subjects . ” FROM THE ENGLISH PRESS . “ The principle may be explained in a line — it is first learning the language , and then studying the grammar , and then learning ( or trying to learn ) the language . ” — Morning Star . “ We know that there are some who have given Mr. Prendergast 's plan a trial , and discovered that in a few weeks its results had surpassed all their expectations . ” — Record . “ A week 's patient trial of the French Manual has convinced that the method is sound . ” — Papers for the Schoolmaster . “ The simplicity and naturalness of the system are obvious . ” — Herald ( Birmingham .) “ We know of no other plan which will infallibly lead to the result in a reasonable time . ” — Norfolk News . FROM THE AMERICAN PRESS . “ The system is as near as can be to the one in which a child learns to talk . ” — Troy Whig . “ We would advise all who are about to begin the study of languages to give it a trial . ” — Rochester Democrat . “ For European travellers this volume is invaluable . ” — Worcester Spy . Either of the above volumes sent by mail free to any part of the United States on receipt of price . D. APPLETON & CO ., Publishers , 90 , 92 , and 94 Grand Street , New-York . RED AS A ROSE IS SHE . Third Edition . D. APPLETON & CO ., 90 , 92 , and 94 Grand Street , Have now ready the Third Edition of RED AS A ROSE IS SHE . By the Author of “ Cometh up as a Flower . ” 1 vol . 8vo . Paper Covers , 60 cents . From the New-York Evening Express . “ This is truly a charming novel ; for half its contents breathe the very odor of the flower it takes as its title . ” From the Philadelphia Inquirer . “ The author can and does write well ; the descriptions of scenery are particularly effective , always graphic , and never overstrained . ” D. A . & Co. have just published : A SEARCH FOR WINTER SUNBEAMS IN THE RIVIERA , CORSICA , ALGIERS , AND SPAIN . By Hon . S. S. Cox . Illustrated . Price , $ 3 . REPTILES AND BIRDS : A POPULAR ACCOUNT OF THEIR VARIOUS ORDERS , WITH A DESCRIPTION OF THE HABITS AND ECONOMY OF THE MOST INTERESTING . by Louis Figuier . Illustrated with 907 wood-cuts . 1 vol . 8vo , $ 6 . HEREDITARY GENIUS : AN INQUIRY INTO ITS LAWS AND CONSEQUENCES . By Francis Galton . 1 vol . 8vo . $ 3. 50 . HAND-BOOK OF THE MASTERY SERIES OP LEARNING LANGUAGES . I . THE HAND-BOOK OF THE MASTERY SERIES . II . THE MASTERY SERIES , FRENCH . III . THE MASTERY SERIES , GERMAN , IV . THE MASTERY SERIES , SPANISH . Price , 50 cents each . Either of the above sent free by mail to any address on receipt of the price . An Absolutely Pure Article . THE KNICKERBOCKER Gin Company 's WORLD-RENOWNED Double Distilled B . & V .' s “ ANCHOR ” BRAND OF PURE HOLLAND GIN , FROM THEIR OWN DISTILLERY AT LEIDEN . NEAR SCHIEDAM , HOLLAND . This brand of liquor has obtained a great reputation , not only In Holland but throughout Europe where it has been tested IN THE MOST CELEBRATED Chemical Institutions . MILLIONS OF GALLONS Have been sent to all parts of the world , and principally to the EAST AND WEST INDIES , AUSTRALIA , AND AFRICA , Where it is used In Preference to any other Brand known . Orders will be received at their office , No . 15 William Street , For the above , and also for their other importations of WINES , BRANDIES , CIGARS , Etc ., Which they guarantee as to PURITY AND GENUINENESS . KNICKERBOCKER GIN CO ., 15 William Street , NEW-YORK . DAT 'S WHAT 'S DE MATTER . Melodramatic Tonsor . “ Boss , WHAT 'S DE MATTER ? WHAT DE BITTER CAUSE OF DAT PENSIB LEMENCHOLY ? ” Boss , ( gloomily .) “ AH ! CAUSE ‘ NUFF . DE RIGHTS OB DE CULLID PUSSON IS FORGOT , AND DE SIXTEENTH ‘ MENDMENT AND SUFFERIN ’ WOMAN RULES DE ROOST ! ” ] Harper 's Periodicals . Magazine . Weekly . Bazar . Subscription Price , $ 4 per year each . $ 10 for the three . An Extra Copy of either the MAGAZINE , WEEKLY , or BAZAR will be supplied gratis for every Club of Five Subscribers at $ 4 each , in one remittance ; or , Six Copies for $ 20 . HARPER 'S CATALOGUE May be obtained gratuitously on application to Harper & Brothers personally , or by letter , inclosing six cents in postage-stamps . HARPER & BROTHERS , New-York . HENRY L. STEPHENS , ARTIST , No . 160 Fulton Street , NEW-YORK . Important to Newsdealers ! ALL ORDERS FOR PUNCHINELLO Will be supplied by OUR SOLE ANB EXCLUSIVE AGENTS , American News Co . NEW-YORK . PUNCHINELLO : TERMS TO CLUBS . WE OFFER AS PREMIUMS FOR CLUBS FIRST : DANA BICKFORD 'S PATENT FAMILY SPINNER , The most complete and desirable machine ever yet introduced for spinning purposes . SECOND : BICKFORD 'S CROCHET AND FANCY WORK MACHINES . These beautiful little machines are very fascinating , as well as useful ; and every lady should have one , as they can make every conceivable kind of crochet or fancy work upon them . THIRD : BICKFORD 'S AUTOMATIC FAMILY KNITTER . This is the most perfect and complete machine in the world . It knits every thing . FOURTH : AMERICAN BUTTONHOLE , OVERSEAMING , AND SEWING-MACHINE . This great combination machine is the last and greatest improvement on all former machines . No . 1 , with finely finished Oiled Walnut Table and Cover , complete , price , $ 75 . No . 2 , same machine without the buttonhole parts , etc ., price , $ 60 . WE WILL SEND THE Family Spinner , price , $ 8 , for 4 subscribers and $ 16 . No . 1 Crochet , price , 8 , for 4 subscribers and 16 . No . 2 Crochet , price , 15 , for 6 subscribers and 24 . No . 1 Automatic Knitter , 72 needles , price , 30 , for 12 subscribers and 48 . No . 2 Automatic Knitter , 84 needles , price , 33 , for 13 subscribers and 52 . No . 3 Automatic Knitter , 100 needles , price , 37 , for 15 subscribers and 60 . No . 4 Automatic Knitter , 2 cylinders } 1 72 needles } price , 40 , for 16 subscribers and 64 . 1 100 needles } No . 1 American Buttonhole and Overseaming Machine , price , $ 75 , for 30 subscribers and L120 . No . 2 American Buttonhole and Overseaming Machine , without buttonhole parts , etc . price , 60 , for 25 subscribers and 100 . Descriptive Circulars Of all these machines will be sent upon application to this office , and full instructions for working them will be sent to purchasers . Parties getting up Clubs preferring cash to premiums , may deduct seventy-five cents upon each full subscription sent for four subscribers and upward , and after the first remittance for four subscribers may send single names as they obtain they them , deducting the commission . Remittances should be made in Post-Office Orders , Bank Checks , or Drafts on New-York City ; or if these can not be obtained , then by Registered Letters , which any post-master will furnish . Charges on money sent by express must be prepaid , or the net amount only will be credited . Directions for shipping machines must be full and explicit to prevent error . In sending subscriptions give address , with Town , County , and State . The postage on this paper will be twenty cents per year , payable quarterly in advance , at the place where it was received . Subscribers in the British Provinces will remit twenty cents in addition to subscription . All communications , remittances , etc ., to be addressed to PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY P. O . Box 2783 . No . 83 Nassau Street , NEW-YORK