The American Missionary JANUARY , 1889 . VOL . XLIII . NO . 1 . CONTENTS PICTURE OF MR. DANIEL HAND EDITORIAL . NEW YEAR 'S GREETINGS FINANCIAL — LARGE GIFTS OF THE WEALTHY THE SOUTHERN SITUATION PARAGRAPHS — ITEMS FROM THE FIELD DEATH OF MRS. GEO . A. WOODARD SYSTEMATIC SPENDING . REV . C. J . RYDER THE CHINESE . SCRAPS FROM CORRESPONDENCE BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . STATE ORGANIZATIONS ANNUAL MEETING MOUNTAIN WHITE WORK . MRS. A. A. MYERS NEEDS OF COLORED WOMEN AND GIRLS . MRS. G. W . MOORE RECEIPTS NEW YORK : PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION , Rooms , 56 Reade Street . Price , 50 Cents a Year , in Advance . Entered at the Post Office at New York , N. Y ., as second-class matter . American Missionary Association PRESIDENT , Rev . WM . M. TAYLOR , D. D ., LLD ., N. Y . Vice-Presidents . Rev . A. J. F . BEHRENDS , D. D ., N. Y. Rev . ALEX . MCKENZIE , D. D ., Mass . Rev . F. A . NOBLE , D. D ., Ill. Rev . D. O . MEARS , D. D ., Mass . Rev . HENRY HOPKINS , D. D ., Mo . Corresponding Secretaries . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y. Rev . A. F . BEARD , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Recording Secretary . Rev . M. E . STRIEBY , D. D ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Treasurer . H. W . HUBBARD , Esq ., 56 Reade Street , N. Y . Auditors . PETER McCARTEE . CHAS . P. PEIRCE . Executive Committee . JOHN H. WASHBURN , Chairman . ADDISON P. FOSTER , Secretary . For Three Years . J. E . RANKIN , WM . H. WARD , J. W . COOPER , JOHN H. WASHBURN , EDMUND L. CHAMPLIN . For Two Years . LYMAN ABBOTT , CHAS . A . HULL , J. R. DANFORTH , CLINTON B. FISK , ADDISON P. FOSTER . For One Year . S. B . HALLIDAY , SAMUEL HOLMES , SAMUEL S. MARPLES , CHARLES L. MEAD , ELBERT B. MONROE . District Secretaries . Rev . C. J . RYDER , 21 Cong'l House , Boston . Rev . J. E . ROY , D. D ., 151 Washington Street , Chicago . Financial Secretary for Indian Missions . Rev . CHAS . W. SHELTON Field Superintendents . Rev . FRANK E. JENKINS . Prof. EDWARD S. HALL . Secretary of Woman 's Bureau . Miss D. E . EMERSON , 56 Reade St ., N. Y . COMMUNICATIONS Relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to the Corresponding Secretaries ; letters for “ THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY , ” to the Editor , at the New York Office . DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS In drafts , checks , registered letters , or post-office orders , may be sent to H. W . Hubbard , Treasurer , 56 Reade Street , New York , or , when more convenient , to either of the Branch Offices , 21 Congregational House , Boston , Mass ., or 151 Washington Street , Chicago , Ill. A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a Life Member . NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS .— The date on the “ address label , ” indicates the time to which the subscription is paid . Changes are made in date on label to the 10th of each month . If payment of subscription be made afterward , the change on the label will appear a month later . Please send early notice of change in post-office address , giving the former address and the new address , in order that our periodicals and occasional papers may be correctly mailed . FORM OF A BEQUEST . “ I bequeath to my executor ( or executors ) the sum of —— dollars , in trust , to pay the same in —— days after my decease to the person who , when the same is payable , shall act as Treasurer of the ‘ American Missionary Association , ’ of New York City , to be applied , under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association , to its charitable uses and purposes . ” The Will should be attested by three witnesses . Daniel Hand THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . VOL . XLIII . JANUARY , 1889 . No . 1 . American Missionary Association . We present to our readers , on the opposite page , a picture of Mr. Daniel Hand from a photograph taken some time ago . It presents the likeness of a man of fine physical proportions and with energy and intelligence impressed on the features . The signature at the bottom of the picture is copied from one of Mr. Hand 's recent letters , and shows the remarkable physical vigor of a man in his 88th year . NEW YEAR 'S GREETINGS . The New Year opens upon us auspiciously , and we send forth our joyous greetings to our patrons at home , and to our fellow workers in the field . Above all we thank God for putting us into this ministry for the poor and the ignorant , and for the success granted to us in prosecuting it . We have had sorrows and anxieties , but they have been followed by consolations and deliverances . The hand that penned the “ Happy New Year ” in our MISSIONARY for last January , is now silent in the grave , but the memory of Brother Powell 's life and character is so precious that it mitigates our loss . The yellow fever prevented the opening of many of our schools , and awakened fears of widespread hindrance to our work throughout the South ; but the scourge was restrained , and the work now goes on prosperously . Our last fiscal year drew towards its close with the cloud of a large debt looming up , but our friends responded so generously to our appeals , that the year ended with a debt so small as to be only a salutary warning . But the crowning mercy of the year came at our Annual Meeting , when we were able to announce the gift of over a million of dollars from that generous friend of the poor Negro , Mr. Daniel Hand . It is a wonderful gift , and comes in a good way . The income only can be used , and that will do just so much more for the Negro , and will not be applied to work now in progress . We are tempted to fear that our patrons will diminish their gifts because Mr. Hand has been so liberal . But we will have faith in God , who has entrusted us with this great work , and we will enter upon our new year with the full confidence that every friend of the Association who appreciates our responsibilities to Christ and the Nation , will decide that his gifts to us shall be increased and not diminished in this year of grace 1889 . Financial . Emphasis is added to the closing words of the preceding article by the report of our Treasurer for the first two months of our fiscal year , October and November . The receipts for those two months were , from donations , $ 31 , 261. 99 ; from estates , $ 3 , 961. 29 ; from income , $ 1 , 822. 72 , making a total for current work of $ 37 , 046 . The Association needs $ 62 , 500 for these two months . Let us remind our patrons that Mr. Hand 's gift will do its own work and not theirs . We think they will feel that it is only honorable to let Mr. Hand 's benefaction add so much new work , and that it should not be used simply to relieve others . The great , pressing , and stupendous work which rests upon this Association as the representative of the churches , must not stand still . Patriots and statesmen are becoming alarmed at the Southern situation , and while they will do what they can to meet the emergency , we believe that the grand solution of the problem is in the Christian enlightenment and the industrial progress of the Negro . May God grant that the Christians of this land may not fail to see their special responsibilities and to meet them in the spirit of Christian liberality and self-sacrifice . Large Gifts of the Wealthy . It is refreshing to find in this grasping , selfish and money-making world that there are wealthy men who amass fortunes and use them for noble purposes . It is said that growing wealth only tightens the grip on the money and hardens the heart against the calls of benevolence . But the examples are accumulating that give shining evidence that there are noble exceptions . Mr. Hand has added his name to the number . He knows the needs of the colored people , and he devotes a vast fortune to their benefit . But Mr. Hand has not exhausted the opportunities , even in the range of the work of this Association , for blessing needy races of men , or of aiding in the varied forms of effort for the colored people . The mountain regions of the South present an unique and promising field of effort . The inhabitants are a noble people , descendants of some of the best races that settled America . Their mountain isolation separated them from the people around them . The want of schools and churches left them ignorant , their thin mountain lands kept them poor ; but they never held slaves and they were loyal to the Union in the war . Railroads now penetrate their mountains and valleys , and the hitherto unused wealth of mines and timber is brought to light . A new future opens out to these people , and the question is , “ Shall that future be one of prosperity and piety , or one of intemperance and infidelity ? ” Some other man wise and wealthy can do for these people what Daniel Hand has done for the primary and industrial education of the Negroes . But this does not exhaust the opening for large investments in the work of the Association . The Indians are fewer in number than the blacks or whites of the South , and their future will sooner be determined by their being incorporated into the national life as citizens , yet that problem is not settled , and a large fund could be wisely used for their benefit . Then , too , our higher schools and colleges need endowment , and our church work should be indefinitely expanded . If this review does not succeed in drawing large gifts for these several objects , it may at least serve to show that our wants are not all provided for , and that smaller contributors have still the duty and the privilege of aiding by gifts and prayer this good work of patriotism and Christianity . THE SOUTHERN SITUATION . The position of the South is becoming once more clearly defined . Before the war , it was fully formulated thus : The Negroes are an inferior race , and slavery is their divinely ordained condition . To this was added : The Negro question is purely local , and with it no one outside of the South has any right to interfere . To these axioms agreed the press , the pulpit and the politician . But the war came as an earthquake , with the utter upheaval of these firm foundations . During the years of reconstruction and political agitation , uncertainty prevailed , but now again the Southern position is becoming settled . It is the old position with a variation . It runs : The Negroes are an inferior race , and must be held as a peasant class in subjection to the superior white race . To this the warning is again added : This is purely a domestic affair , and all outsiders must keep tongues and hands off . This revised version of the old theory is proclaimed by Senator Eustis in his now somewhat famous article in the Forum . More recently it has been re-affirmed in the fervid eloquence of Mr. Grady , of Atlanta , in his address at Dallas , Texas . This is the same orator ( he is an orator ) who a few years since electrified the whole country by his speech at the New England dinner , on the “ New South . ” But the logic of Southern events has driven him down again to the platform of the “ Old South . ” More recently still , the Governor of South Carolina , in his message to the Legislature , has taken the same position . These three gentlemen , representing the press and the politician , are sustained by the pulpit in the South . For example , the Presbyterian church South repels all overtures for re-union with the Presbyterian church North , because such a re-union would involve a practical recognition of the equal manhood of the inferior race . The Presbyterian church South does not stand alone on this platform . Other denominations are arrayed side by side with it , and we fear that even the Congregationalists in the South , with two Conferences in the same State , one white and the other black , are in danger of being numbered with them . This is the Southern position . It portends the renewal of the old antagonism . It repels the North , denying its right to interfere , and thus draws again the sectional line ; and above all , it sets up sharply the antagonism of races , consigning the Negro permanently to an inferior place . This implies , of course , that if the Negro will not quietly accept this place , he must be compelled to do so by force of arms , and in this struggle the North is notified that it has no right to interfere . We can only express our amazement at this theory ! With the memory of the war so fresh , when the North broke over all warnings against interference , and stepped in to aid the helpless slave , can the South now hope to make these warnings any more efficacious ? Can it hope that the North will acquiesce in a quasi slavery , that sets aside substantially all that it gained and established by the long war ? And if the struggle comes again , what hope of success can the South cherish ? If in the last national struggle , it was overpowered when the slave , as Mr. Grady acknowledges , guarded the house while his master fought for his perpetual enslavement , what can it do when the Negroes have tasted freedom for a quarter of a century , and now number nearly as many as the whites in the South ? It is for the white people of the South to say whether that struggle shall come . The North does not desire it , the Negro does not desire it , and we sincerely believe that a large share of the people of the South do not want it . Rev . Dr. Haygood , the efficient agent of the Slater Fund , in a recent article in The Independent , in reply to Senator Eustis , voices , as we hope , the sentiments of thoughtful and influential Southerners . But it remains to be seen whether these wise counselors will be heard . Such voices were uttered before the war , but they were drowned in the noise of sectional hatred and the imperious demands of slavery . God grant that the sad lesson of the past may be heeded . In the meantime , the A. M. A . will continue its efforts at what it believes to be the true solution of the Southern problem — the Christian , educational and industrial advancement of the colored people . With the help of the great benefaction of Mr. Hand , whose money was made in the South , and is now consecrated to the South , we shall go forward with greater zeal and encouragement . We are not partizans ; we are not sectionalists . We are working for the good of both whites and blacks , and for the peace and prosperity of our common country . The election of Benjamin Harrison as President of the United States , and the restoration of the Republican party to power , awakens special attention to the probable attitude of both towards the great Southern problem . We have no opinion to express on the subject , and we have no interest in it as a mere party question , but only as it may lead to the sober and earnest investigation of that transcendently important problem which requires the unbiased and honest consideration of the patriot , the statesman and the Christian . The combination of the Christian powers of Europe for the suppression of the nefarious African slave-trade is a measure sanctioned by Christianity and humanity , and is in the interest of the world 's commerce . The effort can be hopefully undertaken . The abolition of slavery in the Western Hemisphere — once the great slave mart — confines the outlet of the traffic to the eastern coast of Africa , and the blockade can be made more effective than when both sides of the great continent had to be guarded . An esteemed Christian brother , who made his wife a Life Member of the Association in 1854 , and who has added a member to the list each year since by his personal gift , speaks of the pleasure he finds in thus contributing to our treasury , and at the same time enlisting others in our work . We commend to our patrons this helpful and agreeable way of doing good . Try it . ITEMS FROM THE FIELD . From a teacher in one of our schools in the mountain country : “ As I go among the homes I continually see something new which shows me how great are the needs of the people here . The primitive ways and simplicity of the mountain people strike me and I sometimes imagine that I am in a country a century behind the times . Last week I made a call at the home of one of my pupils whose mother was sick . As I entered the room I could not distinguish the faces of those who sat about the fire , for the room had no windows . The only light that came in was through a door in an outer room , and it seemed to let in more cold than light . I wondered how much work or enjoyment could be got out of such dark , small quarters , while the sick woman told of her struggle with sickness and poverty . She also gave me some history of her early life , which showed a great lack of necessary instruction in what are the best things . The children of this home look like sickly plants which have always lived in the dark and which have never felt the invigorating influence of God 's beautiful sunshine . We are praying that the sunshine of God 's love may be felt in the hearts of this people , even if there are no windows in their homes to let it in . ” From a pastor in Kentucky : “ We are busily at work in this mountain country , and as we think of wider possibilities for the mountain boys , you cannot imagine our gratitude in view of our hopes that a new industrial department will be opened . It has been the subject of many a prayer in the closet and in teachers ’ meetings , and we feel that all that is needed will be supplied according to His riches who gave himself for us . He has heard our united petitions for a pastor to gather the straying flock and relieve our overworked missionaries . We held our weekly teachers ’ meeting on Friday . Last evening as we were sitting together as usual , one spoke of the coming pastor , when lo , he was ushered in . He has really come . We rejoice in our work , but we see so much just ahead . I long for the time to come when this interesting people shall be a ‘ peculiar ’ people in the better sense . ” From a teacher at Jonesboro , Tenn .: “ Each week brings new accessions to the school : there are now nearly a hundred enrolled . All the seats in the primary room are in use , so that when Miss Smith has a full school she has to seat some of her scholars in chairs . The seats in Miss Page 's room are also full . We have eight pupils who room here and board themselves . Four of them come from Scott Co ., Va ., coming ninety miles . They are young men and women , but they have had very little opportunity for education . They are anxious to learn and try to carefully obey the rules of the school . We hope they will gain much from church and Sunday-school and the influences thrown around them here , as well as the lessons from the school room . Yesterday we had applications from four others from the same region for accommodations — a young married man and his little daughter , seven years old — a young man and a young woman . We said , ‘ Come and we will do our best for you ; ’ but if others apply we shall have to tell them we are full . These are just the kind of people we want ; eager to learn and willing to do the best they can . ” From a school in North Carolina : “ Your letter of the 28th , informing us that we can have assistance from the Hand Fund for a certain number of pupils , is received , and we have had a continual thanksgiving ever since . If I could tell you how the mothers looked when I told them , and if I could put down the tones of their voices as well as their words , you would be sure that the help is appreciated . ” The pastor of the church and teacher of the Theological Department of Straight University writes us : “ The religious interest has so deepened that for several weeks I have been preaching three times a week . Four or five prayer meetings have been started by the students of their own accord in each other 's rooms . Eleven united with us on profession of faith at our last communion , and as many more have made a start at different meetings , and will unite with us at the next communion . A remarkable feature about the work is the fact that numbers of the older students who are most deeply interested are Roman Catholics . One young man who united with us is a Spaniard from Matamoras , Mexico , and has been educated as a Roman Catholic . I believe he may be counted on to do loyal service in his native city . In this way the A. M. A . is ever doing ‘ foreign work , ’ and work which I believe will tell in Mexico , Cuba , and the Central American States . “ If some benevolent friend in the North would send us twenty-five copies of Stalker 's Life of Christ , it would be of great help in this work . ” Information respecting a very interesting revival of religion comes to us from Sherwood , Tenn . Increased religious interest is reported from Fisk University , Nashville , Tenn . The teachers in the Normal School at Lexington are taking new courage in their work in view of their increasing facilities . One of our young men who expects to take up missionary work this fall thus expresses himself : “ I do n't suppose that I know very much ; but one thing I know , and that is the Dakota Bible . I can read that to the people and talk about it in my own language , and they can understand me , and that is what they need ; they need the Bible . ” — Word Carrier . A CHINAMAN 'S VIEW OF A FAMILIAR TEXT .— The writer was for a time a pupil in the White Street Mission School in New York , but he is now a prosperous laundryman at Kingston , N. Y . In a recent letter to one of his former teachers , he gives the following bit of New Testament exegesis : “ I led the Young Men 's Christian Association meeting on the Sunday before January 11th . The subject which I gave out : ‘ The Christian must be born twice ; ’ and also read the Scriptures in chapter iii of the Gospel St. John , and explain to them . I said if a man in this world born twice , he only die once , and if a man born once he die twice . I mean if a man born twice he must born again of the spirit ; his soul shall save ; that is , he only die once . If a man born once his body shall die and his soul also perish ; that is , he die twice . After the meeting was pass one of the old gentleman came to me and said , ‘ Are you a missionary ? ’ I answered him ‘ No . ’ I said ‘ I am a laundryman . ’ And good people thought I was missionary . ” — The Foreign Missionary . Full of encouragement to the workers for the Chinese here in America is the fact that most of the students entering the new Christian college in Canton were formerly Sunday-school scholars in America . Most of these converted Chinamen who return to their own country are said to take their part in various forms of Christian work . What an inspiration to the patient teacher , who spends an hour or more every Sunday in trying to Christianize a single Chinaman , to think that , in this indirect way , he , or more frequently she , may be helping on the conversion of China .— The Congregationalist . These very just remarks are equally applicable to the work the American Missionary Association is doing so largely and effectively among the Chinese on the Pacific coast . A letter from Mr. Pond gives us this corroborative item : “ On Monday evening , November 26 , we expect to hold a farewell meeting for Joe Jet , once one of our missionary helpers , who is going back to China to superintend missionary operations for our Chinese Missionary Society . He takes over $ 1 , 100 with him , contributed for this purpose by the Chinese connected with our mission . To this Missionary Society , our Christian Chinese contribute regularly each month , from twenty-five to fifty cents . They aim to do quite a large work , which they hope that the representatives of the Board will superintend , but the whole expense of which they mean to bear . ” The American Missionary Association has been greatly afflicted in the death of Mrs. George A. Woodard , the wife of the Principal of Gregory Institute , Wilmington , N. C. She was a most devoted missionary , consecrating her earnestness and fidelity to the cause of Christ . She will be sadly missed by the colored people of Wilmington , and by those who are inmates of the Teachers ’ Home at Gregory Institute . SYSTEMATIC SPENDING . BY REV . C. J . RYDER . The pastor of a Boston church recently handed to the District Secretary of the A. M. A . $ 1 , saying as he did so : “ That one dollar is really more than some hundreds of dollars . It is the gift of a poor woman in my congregation who depends upon her own labor for support . She gives this dollar to the A. M. A . from her hard economy . ” It may be that God 's decimal pointing is not the same as ours in many cases . On a table of the same district office of the A. M. A ., there stands a little brown pasteboard box . In it are some tracts offered for sale . All the proceeds from their sale go into the treasury of the Association . These tracts were printed at the expense of a poor woman who has spent a long and useful life in service for others . She comes into that office now and again to see if her gift is increasing . She is not fashionably dressed . No ! She never drives to the Congregational House in a carriage . I doubt if she often enjoys the luxury of a street-car ride , although she is upward of seventy years of age ; and yet she never comes through that office door but she brings with her the bright glory of spiritual sunshine , and the wealth of her Lord 's own presence . She is pinching herself in almost painful economy that she may have $ 100 to give to this great mission work before she dies , and “ Her great Redeemer shall call her to inherit The heaven of wealth long garnered up for her . ” Now let us turn a moment to the other side of the A. M. A . work . I hold in my hand a letter written upon this scrap of paper by a colored boy in the South and sent to one of our missionaries who had come North : “ Oct. 21 . My Dear Friend , Mr. Brown — I wish you would if you please if you please send me three dollars and a half now if you please send it I want to buy a good little shot gun please send it . ” These facts present the double responsibility which the A. M. A . sustains to its constituency in this vast and complex missionary work . None of these facts are exceptional in character . The Association must so present its work to the churches as to “ constrain ” them to give ; drag them by the chains of Christian duty to give ; those who can of their abundance abundantly ; those who must of their penury , with this tremendous self-sacrifice . An old colored preacher in Georgia , in my hearing , preached on “ Pasteboard Christians . ” He said : “ Brethren , did you neber see a pasteboard box ? It 's mighty nice ; maybe all covered with gilt paper ; looks right stiff and stout , but you just set it out in the rain and see it when it goes ‘ pooh , ’ and am all omnatiously busted . It am jest so with some Christians . They comes to meetin ’ with good clothes on ; they looks drefful fine ! But you just pass the contribution box ‘ round , da goes ‘ pooh ! ’ and dar ai n't nothin ’ left of ‘ em . ” It has not been my experience that there are many pasteboard Christians in the district of New England . Systematic giving , giving constantly , giving because the safety of our country requires it , and the kingdom of Christ demands it ; this is the sort of giving which I have found to be the rule . But there must be systematic spending as truly as systematic giving . The gifts of the churches must be husbanded , and the churches must be warned from time to time against wasteful and unwise efforts , by which others are seeking to do the work , which is being done systematically through your agent , the American Missionary Association . My personal experience as Field Superintendent , has pressed upon me the imperative importance of this side of the responsibility which this Association holds to the churches . One must pass back and forth often , and become personally familiar with this great field , before he can understand the importance of the systematic spending of this Association . Wrecks of schools and churches are not few in the Southland . Godly men and women and godless adventurers have experimented in many places . Money has been and is being wasted , that might be used to great and permanent advantage if contributed through the A. M. A . and disbursed according to the principles which long experience has proved to be sound . It is the purpose of this paper to emphasize some of the facts concerning this great missionary field , and to point out the advantages of systematic spending , which you secure when you commit your funds to this society rather than to the hap-hazard efforts which you have no power to supervise and no control over . An organized society controlled and directed by those who contribute is the surest possible way of securing this systematic spending . This method has both negative and positive advantages : I . It prevents waste . ( a .) Waste in administration of funds . Its accounts are open to and audited by those whose money is being spent . Reports of the financial standing , receipts and expenditures to the half-penny are presented every year . Look them over and note how minutely your accounts are kept . Officers and missionaries are held by you to strictest responsibility . This is sound business sense applied to missionary work . But one naturally asks why , when such absolute safeguards are thrown around the administration of the funds committed to the A. M. A ., some of those who established those safeguards give a considerable portion of their money to individuals over whose expenditure they have absolutely no control , and where funds may be , and often are , wasted ? And in this way the percentage of the cost of administering the funds committed to the A. M. A . is also increased . This can scarcely be called sound business wisdom . ( b .) Waste in field work . It requires wide experience and knowledge of the whole field in order to adjust and direct , without waste of laborers , the force of missionaries . Those who know only one locality cannot do this . It is often remarked that each missionary thinks his particular field the most important , and the one especially needing help and enlargement . This is a grand tribute to their faithfulness and Christian enthusiasm . But the systematic investigation of the whole field , constantly and patiently carried on as it is by the A. M. A ., determines with larger wisdom whether work should be strengthened and developed in Tennessee , or Georgia , or Texas . Gen. Grant was familiar with the whole field , and placed his men according to the varying exigencies of the campaign . Just so the systematic methods of this Association place these noble missionaries where there will be least waste of labor . But there are also positive advantages secured by the systematic methods of the A. M. A . in expending the money committed to its treasury . II . It secures proportion in different parts of the work . ( a .) In appeal .— This Association , constituted , as it is , the immediate agent of the churches , ought to be your watchman on the tower . Every pastor is crowded with parish duties . Few intelligent laymen can give time enough to study thoroughly the whole field covered by the missions of the A. M. A . It is now an enormous field . Representatives of five distinct races , Japanese , Chinese , Indians , Mountain Whites and Negroes wait for Christian instruction very largely upon the missionaries you are sending out . Now , no one who is not compelled by official duties to do it can find time , nor has he the information at hand , to investigate thoroughly each department of this missionary work . The A. M. A . is your agent to discover , through careful and patient investigation , the exact facts , and so to direct its appeals to the churches that the department of work which is especially pressing may be given due prominence . Systematic spending involves this . ( b .) Greatest care is required and exercised in planting new work . Let us in fancy plant a new school in the South , as the Association does it . Exhaustive correspondence is of course , the first step . Then the Field Superintendent visits the field . He gathers every possible fact bearing upon the question : The population ; schools , if any ; the opinions of white and colored citizens ; the religious complexion of the community , etc ., etc ., etc . Now this Field Superintendent has studied maps and statistics and school reports , and been back and forth until the whole field is in his mind , not simply this one locality . These facts in extenso are reported to the officers in New York . Conferences many and patient are held over them until finally it is settled that this place rather than some other shall be selected for the new school . Now such care as this would be impossible except as the A. M. A ., through its officers and teachers , knew the whole field . By independent or individual effort this could not be done . It is not the absolute , but the comparative need and hopefulness that determine the wisdom of fixing upon a certain place for a school or church . This comparative need can only be known by an organized society which has frequent and abundant communication with the whole field , and has officers whose business it is to know that field . The experiments being tried in different places have already been made by the A. M. A ., and proved to be either absolutely failures or relatively an uneconomic use of funds . The saving to you who furnish the money is very great by this method of systematic spending . Let me illustrate by a single example which occurred only a few months ago . Two towns , only a few miles apart , were clamoring for help in school work . We opened a school tentatively in one of these places , as we had one missionary there already , and I visited the other place . This is what I found : A teacher independent of any society , and consequently knowing only a small part of the South , had opened a school . She had labored very faithfully , but very unwisely , putting money and years of hard work into a field which , from its very conditions , could not be largely successful . She had a poor building for teachers ’ home , a rough school-house with no desks , a narrow strip of land , and an enrollment of about eighty pupils . She was anxious to have the A. M. A . take the work . She informed me that in order to secure it , it would be necessary to pay out from $ 2 , 500 to $ 3 , 000 in paying debts and putting the buildings in shape for advantageous use . This was the case then : A fairly good house , a rough school-house , a bit of land , and a school of less than one hundred pupils , costing at least $ 2 , 500 . At the other point under discussion , there were five acres of land , five buildings , an enrollment of about 250 pupils , and the whole property could be secured for $ 600 ! $ 2 , 500 vs. $ 600 . These are not very exceptional cases . It is only fair to the generous constituency of this Association to know that their funds are being thus guarded , and that those who give through independent agencies may have their funds squandered because they cannot hold those doing this independent work to strict account as they do the Association , nor can these independent missionaries know the whole field as the A. M. A . knows it . Here are nearly 500 missionaries in constant correspondence with this office , besides the field officers appointed especially to gather information . ( c .) Again , this systematic method of disbursing funds secures a methodical arrangement of field work . Take the mountain field as an illustration of this . This field has been divided into two general districts ; one having for its base the L. N. R. R ., the other lying along the Cincinnati Southern Railroad . Each department has its general missionary , who goes back and forth in his district to lay out new work , and to superintend the old . The missionaries , pastors and teachers are all busy in their own places . Here then is systematic development of this whole work . These noble missionaries in this way form a well-organized army , and are not guerrillas fighting behind trees and stones , and scattered hap-hazard over the mountains . We shall hold these lines of railroad in the name of the Lord . Churches and missions and Sunday-schools will supplant the saloons and gambling hells if you as churches generously support this painfully urgent work . But when school-houses shall stand in all their fertile coves and church bells shall call to intelligent Christian worship on all those mountain sides , and the people shall be lifted up into spiritual citizenship , it will simply be the victory under God of the systematic planning and execution possible only when funds are disbursed on the sound principles of this Association . III . This systematic spending of benevolent funds also secures permanency . How few deaths there are in the family of A. M. A . schools and churches ! Why ? Because these missions are born through wisdom and sound judgment . These schools and churches are not only permanent but they will also perpetuate the great fundamental principles of the churches whose prayers and money have gone into their establishment . These missions cannot become Roman Catholic or infidel . They cannot drift away from the safe moorings of evangelical truth , unless the churches to which they are tied up give way . The churches control these missions forever . Local management in this work often means mismanagement , on account of the peculiar surroundings in which these schools are placed . They differ radically from schools and colleges planted among the new settlers in the West . Here in the South there is no considerable intelligent Christian constituency to direct their work , manage their affairs and keep them in close connection with Congregational conferences and councils . IV . Lastly . By means of this systematic spending you keep step with the grand onward movement of God 's providence in the marvelous openings of this great missionary field . How wonderfully this work develops ! The primary schools of the early period have grown into normal and preparatory institutes and colleges and theological seminaries , although the primary work is still being done and well done ! New schools are being planted . “ Enter the mountains with your mission host , ” came the command , and it was done . Industrial training became necessary to the best furnishing of these young people for their life-work and their largest intellectual development , and now thorough training in these departments is furnished by the schools of the American Missionary Association . The grand work has kept step with the developing needs . I asked one of the most experienced teachers and missionaries in the South what feature of the A. M. A . especially impressed him . He replied at once , “ The wonderful and consummate statesmanship displayed in its management . The wisdom manifested in planting schools and churches , and in keeping pace with the new and constantly changing conditions of this great and perplexing field , absolutely astounds me . ” This is no tribute to those of us who have recently entered this service . To sum up this argument , then : By the systematic method of spending through the A. M. A ., you avoid — I . Waste , ( 1 .) In administration . ( 2 .) In field work . II . You secure the wisest apportionment of the work , ( 1 .) Appeals are systematic . ( 2 .) The work is developed proportionately . ( 3 .) And each department is systematically conducted . III . You can secure permanency in the work , ( b .) And perpetuate the principles you believe to be of fundamental importance in uplifting these races . IV . You keep step with God 's providence in the development of these fields . It is told us that during the days that immediately preceded the capture of Richmond , Sheridan was in hot pursuit of Lee 's retreating troops . He telegraphed to Grant , “ I think if the thing is pushed Lee will surrender . ” There came flashing back this laconic message from that silent soldier , “ Push things . ” They were pushed , and within a few weeks Lee 's army was annihilated , and the sword of the haughty rebel was in the hands of the loyal Grant . The Union army had pushed through the broken fortifications around Richmond and planted the grand old stars and stripes , battle-stained and bullet-torn , above the dome of the rebel capitol , never , never , never to be pulled down again by disloyal hands . My brethren , there comes flashing to us to-day from this army of Christ-like men and women away out yonder in front of us , from out the heat of battle against ignorance , and prejudice , and misery , and sin , these stirring words : “ We can take these lowlands and mountains and prairies and ocean coasts for our Lord , and for his Christ , now if the thing be pushed . ” What message shall we send back to them , O people of God ? Shall it not be this ? “ We pledge you our prayers , our sympathy , our best sons and daughters and five hundred thousand dollars in consecrated money this year ; and in the great name of the Lord our God let the thing be pushed . ” THE CHINESE . SCRAPS FROM MY CORRESPONDENCE . BY REV . W. C. POND . Our limited space forbids the publication of extended correspondence ; and yet , often , in the familiar and unstudied letters which I receive from our workers , there are paragraphs or sentences which I greatly desire that our Eastern friends and helpers might share with me . The following are a few of these . Mrs. Carrington , our very faithful and efficient teacher at Sacramento , writes as follows : “ Our school seems in better condition than for many months . Chin Toy [ missionary helper ] is true and watchful . Two joined the church at the last communion , one has given his name to join the Association , and others seem almost ready . ” Our school at Oroville has been for a year past in the hands of two quite young , but true hearted and enthusiastic teachers , from one of whom I hear in this way : “ We have had a very good school this month . The attendance has been very good ; the scholars seem to feel better , and I think the teachers do too . We had quite a re-union one evening last month . There was one brother who had just returned from China , and another from away out in the country . The former had not been here for years , nor the latter for more than twelve months . It would have done any one good to see how glad they were to meet each other . I never saw so much hand-shaking , and talking , and laughing . Both these are good scholars and will help us much . We have the Bible lessons twice a week , and they are very interesting to us both . We have nearly finished the Gospel of Mark , and it gets more interesting towards the last . ” Other extracts shall be from letters of our Chinese brethren . Here is one who has evidently gotten over into an American way of thinking . He is so much in earnest that his English is badly wrenched in the effort to convey his views , but I give his words very nearly as he wrote them . “ What I think and what often I observed is that the Chinese very meanness and sordidness , just exactly what were the Jews . Scatter all round the world , and still they feel very proud of their country , despise the foreigners , close all their sea-ports , would not allow the poor celestial to go out or have civilized men to enter the happy country . On account of their ignorance of Christ , unhappy , miserable , wretched . Some of them think good deal of their improvement , national , naval , but if the Government will not adopt the Christianity and put behind their ancestor and evil ways and the wicked custom , they will not be very flourishing what they look for . ” For himself he says , “ I hope I will have a good opportunity while I am working for the Lord and looking for some souls to bring to the Lord , as His will be done . ” Another writes : “ I speak in Chinatown yesterday . Then we had very good singers of American Christian young men ( they were five ) and Chinese brethren ( they were eight .) . All go on to sing with me . Then I have a good chance . I pray God to help and hope our countrymen immediately come to repent and follow Christ and worship Him . ” And again , “ I thank God for His blessing . This school now is increasing . Last evening we had twenty-three scholars . Six new ones came in this month . I like stay here two or three months more and talk this gospel of Christ . ” Another translated for me a letter just received from his father-in-law in China — a letter which gives him great joy . “ Dear Son-in-law :— Your letter was reached me some ten days ago , and glad to read it and that you are all right in California , doing Jesus work . But there was a fellow named —— —— who had come back from San Francisco last year . This fellow came to me with some news to tell me , so he said . So I asked him to sit down and gave him a cup of tea . Then he commenced his false story about you being poisoned by the Jesus doctors , and that your heart had been poisoned so that you do n't want to come back any more . After the length of his false talks , I commenced to ask him questions which he cannot answer . I told him that I had known my son-in-law too much about his faith in Jesus . People with the same report came to me from time to time , before you [ i. e ., the son-in-law addressed in the letter ,— W. C. P .] came back the last time . At first I have faith in their talks , but since you came home , I have found you all right . Now a mission is near my house , and I have time to talk and to read the Jesus books , and have found that Jesus is like our Confucius , and I believed Jesus words all right and so my son-in-law all-right too . Thus I have told the dog , [ i. e ., the tale-bearer ] to get off from my door and not call on me again . ” I hope there may yet be space for this extract from a letter from Jee Gam , who took a vacation of two weeks , spending it not far from a Chinese fishing village near Monterey . “ Sunday morning , accompanied by about ten American friends , I went to Chinatown to hold a preaching service . After singing several times and offering prayer , I took the stand and preached to a large crowd of my countrymen , of both sexes and all ages , drawn by our loud invitation and our songs . Before I began my sermon I told them what we had been singing about , also what we prayed for , and to whom we prayed , and asked them to see the difference between these Christian Americans who sang and prayed for us , and those who would crowd us out Then I preached on Gal . 6 : 7 , for nearly an hour , and all listened attentively . Not one of the hearers said anything against us . I was told that two years ago a Chinaman had tried to preach there , but the people drowned his voice by beating their tin cans , and drove him off with various missiles . When I heard this I said , ‘ I am not afraid , God will go with us ; with his help I will preach Christ to them . ’ And he did help , and oh , may he bless the seed sown ! On Sunday evening one of the Chinese came out decided as a Christian , and one other seemed almost persuaded . ” BUREAU OF WOMAN 'S WORK . MISS D. E . EMERSON , SECRETARY . WOMAN 'S STATE ORGANIZATIONS . CO-OPERATING WITH THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION . ME — Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., Chairman of Committee , Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , Woodfords , Me . VT .— Woman 's Aid to A. M. A ., Chairman of Committee , Mrs. Henry Fairbanks , St. Johnsbury , Vt . VT .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Ellen Osgood , Montpelier , Vt . CONN .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. S. M . Hotchkiss , 171 Capitol Ave ., Hartford , Conn . N. Y .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. William Spalding , Salmon Block , Syracuse , N. Y . ALA .— Woman 's Missionary Association , Secretary , Mrs. G. W . Andrews , Talladega , Ala . OHIO .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Flora K. Regal , Oberlin , Ohio . IND .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. W. E . Mossman , Fort Wayne , Ind . ILL .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. C. H . Taintor , 151 Washington St ., Chicago , Ill . MINN .— Woman 's Home Miss . Society , Secretary , Miss Katharine Plant , 2651 Portland Avenue , Minneapolis , Minn . IOWA .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Miss Ella E. Marsh , Grinnell , Iowa . KANSAS .— Woman 's Home Miss . Society , Secretary , Mrs. G. L . Epps , Topeka , Kan . MICH .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. Mary B. Warren , Lansing , Mich . WIS .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. C. Matter , Brodhead , Wis . NEB .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. L. F. Berry , 724 N Broad St ., Fremont , Neb . COLORADO .— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , Secretary , Mrs. S. M . Packard , Pueblo , Colo . DAKOTA ,— Woman 's Home Miss . Union , President , Mrs. T. M . Hills , Sioux Falls ; Secretary , Mrs. W. R. Dawes , Redfield ; Treasurer , Mrs. S. E . Fifield , Lake Preston . We would suggest to all ladies connected with the auxiliaries of State Missionary Unions , that funds for the American Missionary Association be sent to us through the treasurers of the Union . Care , however , should be taken to designate the money as for the American Missionary Association , since undesignated funds will not reach us . ANNUAL MEETING . The public meeting of the Woman 's Bureau was held Thursday afternoon , simultaneously with the business meeting of the A. M. A . in Providence , and was conducted by Mrs. C. A . Woodbury , of Portland , Me . The report of the Secretary , Miss D. E . Emerson , of New York , was presented , and then missionary addresses were delivered by Mrs. A. A. Myers on “ Mountain Work ; ” by Mrs. Geo . W. Moore on the “ Colored People ; ” and by Miss Collins on “ Indians , ” all of which were listened to with deep interest . Mrs. Woodbury , on taking the chair , said : The object of this meeting is well understood . It is to decide what the women of the Congregational Churches shall do in connection with woman 's work — that part of the Association 's work which is designed to be among women . It is woman 's work among women . It is designed at this time to hear from those fields in which the speakers are especially interested . We shall hear from the Mountain Work , from the Negroes in the South , and from the work among the Indians in the West . Like a very close man who , to the surprise of those who approached him , gave money enough to purchase a town clock , who explained by saying he liked to hear his money tick , so it is meant here this afternoon that the women shall hear the tick of their work from all these fields to which I have referred , and may the sound of it reverberate all down through the ages . A special meeting for ladies was held on Thursday morning , at which there was a full attendance . Brief remarks , interspersed with song and prayer , made the occasion an enjoyable one . Miss Plimpton , of McIntosh , Ga ., gave bits of her experience among the colored people , and Miss Haynes described her work for the Indians at Santee Agency , Neb . The annual report made by the Secretary was given in full in our November Magazine , and is also published in leaflet form for free distribution to those desiring it . We give below extracts from the addresses of the missionaries . MOUNTAIN WHITE WORK . BY MRS. A. A. MYERS . In my younger days I never remember looking at the forests that skirt the horizon without an indefinable questioning as to what lay beyond . It was easy to picture stretches of landscape and quiet homes like our own , but the query was ever the same , what is still beyond ? The first Sabbath I attended church in the mountains of Kentucky , having listened to the quaint singing before entering the rough-board building , seating myself on one of the slab benches near a box stove , which had but one length of pipe , out of which the smoke was pouring towards an opening in the roof , glancing around on the women in their sun bonnets , the babies in their little calico caps and the men in homespun , then out of the open door into a ravine where the tops of the tall trees were beneath us , I said to myself , I 've reached “ that beyond . ” The undefined has taken shape and I have reached the place of which I could never formulate a picture . Seven years ’ acquaintance in this mountain country has not changed my opinion . We are in another world , and if I could describe that world so you could see it as it is , could feel its needs as we feel them day by day , it is all I could ask . Philosophers might describe it as the dead centre of motion ; at least it has remained seemingly unmoved , while all the world around it has been moving forward . Here in these mountains live over two million people , two-thirds of whom have never written nor received a letter , could not read one if printed and sent them . They take no newspapers , and the great events of nations or discoveries of science have been nothing to them . Questions of vital importance to our country have never troubled them . They knew there was a war , for contending armies met on their grounds . With few exceptions their sympathies were with the Union . Too poor to own slaves to any extent , they had no motive for seceding , and many of them joined our army and were faithful soldiers . At the close of the war , they went back to their secluded homes , and between them and the world the curtain fell again . We very well know that mortals cannot rise above their surroundings only within defined limits . Alas ! for the defeated manhood and blasted womanhood in our land , held down to earth by unfortunate surroundings . They are looking to you for help . You have done nobly in sustaining a work in their midst . Besides what you have done at Pleasant Hill , Grand View and other points , you have enabled us to organize eight churches and build one academy and eight houses of worship . You have sent among us most efficient teachers . Besides their school duties they have taken upon themselves to visit the homes , to pray with the sick , to distribute clothing among the needy , to go to the homes of the students , to share their humble fare and sleep in their crowded rooms . They have spared neither time nor strength to carry the uplifting word to those needy souls . From the better classes we have been fortunate enough to draw a nucleus for each of our churches . We have some Sunday-school superintendents that for zeal and tact are models in their work and many a Northern school might rejoice in the possession of such officers . They are not so well versed in Scripture as we could wish , but they spare neither time nor expense to prepare themselves for their work . This class of people responds quickly to the new life that comes to them by the school , the railroad or the business man . If we could find as ready response in the masses as we find in the individuals , our work in the mountains would be quickly done . But , alas ! what of these hundreds of thousands who seemingly have no more aspiration than the brute in their field ? They are wedded to the customs of their ancestors , and they rebel at any innovation . Give them tobacco , and whiskey , and pistols , a little meal and bacon and coffee , a crude bed and a roof , and that , to them , is living . Oh , those purposeless lives ! They exist simply because they are in the world and cannot help it . With the girls especially , marriage is the chief aim , and what should be the holy relation is entered upon almost in childhood . As soon as they begin to lisp they are talking of their lovers . A little wee girl came to a teacher 's home , and after answering in monosyllables the common questions as to schools and Sunday-schools , there was a lull in the conversation , when she spoke up : “ I hai n't got no sweetheart . ” For all marriage is the chief aim , it is surprising how little preparation they make for it . No bridal trousseau is ever thought of ; not even a new dress is made for the occasion . I have seen many a bride in calf-skin shoes , old calico dress , long apron , with no cuffs nor collar , and her hair falling from her comb , while the groom appeared with uncombed hair , stogy shoes , jean pants and in shirt sleeves . We have no rollicking girls or boisterous boys ; we never see a crowing , cooing baby . The children are born old . The babies have a sad and dejected look , as if this world were a “ dreary wilderness of woe , ” and they grieve they were ever born . Poor little ones in the Southland ! how many are gathered home ere a twelve months ’ stay on earth . Besides this weary , aged look of the children , we frequently find those who look like walking corpses . A little inquiry reveals the fact that they are clay eaters . We have them in our schools . In our Jellico school , we have children whose elder sisters had to sprinkle pepper around the hearthstones to keep them from digging out the clay and eating it . The habit once formed , it seems to last them during life ; where it ever originated I do n't know , but have no doubt it was from lack of proper nourishment . Our women ! how shall I describe them ? I wish I might picture them before you as they ride into town with their babies in their arms and a child or two on their horses with them , or as they walk in with heavy , dragging gait , loaded with some produce for sale , or as they stand for hours open-eyed and open-mouthed around the counters of some country store . I wish you could see them in their cabin homes , as bare of comfort as a wild desert waste , or at work in the field with the family , but always and everywhere with a chew of tobacco or a snuff stick in their mouths . They never express a desire for what they have not , nor a murmur at what they have , but their very movements are a complaint — a wail . On their face is ever seen that weary , resigned , passionless look . They never lighten with joy or surprise . If you could manage to fire a Vesuvius before their eyes you would never know by any outward expression but that they had seen volcanoes every day of their lives . There is no imagery , no ideality . The world to them is a humdrum routine , a common-place affair . They have no heroes , and they look upon all men , not as protectors , but seducers , not as beings formed in the image of a pure and holy God , but in the image of a God of lust and debauchery . When first going among these people , the ludicrous or comical keeps presenting itself , but as you stay year by year the terrible reality of their lives presses sore upon you . You are cramped by their narrowness ; you are depressed by their lack of buoyancy ; you grow distrustful because of their perfidy ; you become sharer of their woes , but they have no joys to share . Our work among them was begun none too soon . The eye of the speculator is being turned to our mineral and timber resources , and with unscrupulous money-makers for a centre and a demoralized people to gather round them , and no Christ in their midst , what strongholds of Satan would be formed . When we commenced our work seven years ago the field was open to the Congregationalists . If we could have had means to have secured helpers we could have planted ourselves largely , for we had continuous calls to come and organize churches . The people of better minds are sick and tired of the church life around them ; they cannot indorse it and so are called infidels . But we have found no infidels there ; still it takes no prophet to see that the reaction from this demoralized church life all through the mountains is going to create a great wave of infidelity unless real Christians come to the rescue very soon . How these things nerve us to increased efforts to save the children and youth from these ways of death . Our hope for the land is in saving them , and our work is largely for them . We have many Sunday-schools connected with our churches and many others where we furnish some helps and where our students teach . Our Bands of Hope are encouraging . Our Christian Endeavor Society has a large membership , and is a power for good . But while we rejoice over these places that have these helps we think of the hundreds of counties along this mountain range that have no such helps . Senator Plumb has stated that the assessment in Alabama for pistols , guns and dirks is four times that on farming implements , and Kentucky 's record of crime is far worse than Alabama 's . Who of us can say that he is innocent of this shed blood , unless he is doing something toward sending the only cure — a Christian civilization ? Because the work has many discouragements , are we excused ? Because the people are prejudiced against us and our principles , shall we withdraw , and let them sink lower and lower ? But the question is asked : “ Have you no public schools or churches in this large section of the country ? ” Yes , schools for a few months in the year , taught in little log school houses , some with floors and some with none ; some with a tiny window and some without ; some have doors and some have n't . Very few have desks ; in most there are but slab benches . But worse than the school house and its surroundings is the illiterate , immoral teacher who attempts to teach the children . As for church organizations they are numerous , and a large majority are church members ; but alas for the Christianity taught and practiced . Religion and morality are divorced . With most of them , religion is the thing of a moment and not of a life . Meetings once a month during the summer , and that is all the Christian institution the people have , and we call it instruction . We are inclined to smile at the thought of a preacher prefacing his sermon with the boast that he has no learning ; that his “ jeens ” coat has never brushed the chalk off college walls , and what he has to say is “ no fixup ” of his own , but direct from “ sac-rid writ ” or an “ inspiration of the Speret . ” But our smiles end with a sigh when we see that there is not only ignorance , but “ the poison of asps is under their lips . ” Their hatred for all other churches than their own is intense . They have no charity for any religion outside of their own church . The excitement and strife for membership is unequalled even in the craze of their political wars . They are bigoted and intolerant , they have no idea of practical Christianity . They have no prayer-meeting , no family prayers , no Sunday-schools . One minister living near where we have recently planted some Sunday-schools gave a whole sermon to talking against them , and said if any one would show him from the Bible where Sunday-schools were taught he 'd believe they were right ; but a few weeks later , pressed by seeing our schools drawing so largely from the community , he thought something must be done , so with a few of his leading members they announced the organization of a school near ours . They sent to Jellico on Saturday and bought two gallons of whiskey in order to draw the crowd . Of course , such a school lasted but a few days , but their hatred does n't die so easily . We could help many churches if it were not for this jealousy among their ministers . The people are our friends , and our growing churches are a stimulant to them . Paul said : “ What matter if Christ were preached through envy , only so he were preached , ” and if we can provoke them to good works , will not the children be blessed ? Whatever cause prompts them to church building , to prayer or outward Christian living , they must be bettered by it . And so , slowly , but steadily , this great mass is going to be leavened . It may not come in your day or mine , but come it will , and happy will we be in that far-off time to know that we had something to do in bringing about such needed results . We are confident of success . Right must win “ since God is God , ” and the day is coming when the great “ I Am ” will dwell in all these churches . Then the bigot will say , “ my brother ; ” the intolerant will grasp hands in loyal fellowship , and Christian hearts will pulsate in one common rhythm . Then will our mountains and hills break forth into singing , and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands . NEEDS OF THE COLORED WOMEN AND GIRLS . BY MRS. G. W . MOORE . I have been asked to speak to you on the needs of four millions of women and girls . The time allotted for this paper is far too limited for me to give more than a glimpse of their real condition . In considering the needs of the colored women and girls of the South , you must bear in mind their past condition , present status and future prospects , together with the forces that have contributed to each , before you can know and feel the heart yearnings and struggles of my sisters . No human lips can tell the story of that dark night that has left its impress upon the habits , customs and life of a whole race of people . The crudest results of that iniquitous system fell heaviest upon the colored woman . From childhood , no matter how favorably situated , she was liable to become the doomed victim of the grossest outrages . There was no assurance that she would not be a constant associate in the field with the coarsest and most ignorant men of both races , or at any moment , at the caprice of the master , be sold . Swayed , body , mind and spirit , by a master class who found it necessary to close every avenue of intelligence in order to accomplish his fiendish purposes , this creature , made in the image of God , was often taught that there was no God of justice for her . Her body , instead of being a fit temple for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit , was subject to the foulest demands of sensuality . No wonder they sang , “ Nobody knows the trouble I see , Lord , Nobody knows but Jesus . ” These slave songs , born of agony , might well be called “ The Passion Flowers ” of the slave cabin . Thank God that all of my sisters were not thus brutalized , and even to those who were , God was merciful . Deep down underneath the lacerated and bruised heart , rested the “ Shekinah of the Lord , ” preventing the wholesale transmission of vice . Two hundred and fifty years of such tuition gave her but little chance to develop her womanhood . Intuitively she knew that there was a living God , and she sought Him in visions , and listened for His voice , and looked forward and persevered for that home not made with hands , and from her heart were wrung these words : “ O Lord , O my Lord , O my good Lord , Keep me from sinking down . ” And then comforted , she cried out triumphantly — “ Did n't my Lord deliver Daniel , Then why not every man ? ” Many have told me their struggles , and I know of others who even suffered death rather than submit to the outrage of chastity . One poor mother with three beautiful baby girls , driven to despair by realizing their probable doom if allowed to live , sent them back to the God who gave them and then took her own life . Thus the colored women and girls lived before the war . How have they fared since Freedom ? Have they had a fair chance in the race of life ? No . They have met caste-prejudice , the ghost of slavery , at every step of their journey during these years of freedom . They have been made to feel that they are a separate species of the human family . The phrases “ Your people ” and “ Your place , ” do not so much designate their race identity , as the fixed status in the sisterhood of races . This idea , as harmless as it may appear , or as much as it is used , with varied phrases of meaning , according to the attitude of the speaker , has been one of the greatest barriers to the progress of the Negro , especially of the women and girls . It has colored everything they have to do . Their place , like the ebony of their skin , is a dark place . In the home , and in social life , “ their place ” is confined to colored society , colored schools and colored churches . Be it understood , I am not reflecting upon colored society , but am pointing out the limitations that no other race in this country has to contend with , in its efforts to rise . The higher the plane of culture the colored women and girls reach , the more sensitive they become , and the more keenly the effects of ostracism are felt . In wages it does not matter how capable she may be , she must not aspire . I have asked several persons , “ What is the greatest need of the colored woman and girl ? ” and many have replied , “ To be good servants . ” Assuming that this is her highest need , can good servants be had without good wages ? In education , her place is the colored school , if there is one far or near , and if there is no school for colored youth , ( as is sometimes the case ) the no-school is her place . In religious life , her place is the colored church . No matter how her soul may long for a more intelligent Gospel than perchance surrounds her , she must find it there . Her place in the work of reform , if she has fallen or desires to reform , is the public street . I could relate many incidents which have come under my personal observation in Washington , ( and Washington is far ahead of many places in the South ) to illustrate how our fallen sisters have suffered worse than death , because doors have been shut against them . Several cases have been brought to me this year , one since writing this paper , but my sisters , the sad fact is like the advent of our blessed Lord , there is no room in the inn for her . What is the true place of our women and girls ? It is that place which is not circumscribed by the mere accident of birth and race , where she can rise just as high as she has the ability to reach and sustain . My five years ’ experience in Europe as a Jubilee Singer gave me a taste of the sweets of true womanhood , unfettered by caste-prejudice and by a low estimate of my position . There my complexion was not a target for insult and ostracism . Our needs are not only those common to other races , but are in a vast measure greater , because of the past and present difficulties . The masses furnish the most difficult problem to solve . How can we rescue them from poverty and illiteracy , and not pauperize them ? How can we prevent crime , check immorality and decrease mortality ? The answer lies in giving to them better home life , more elevating social surroundings , better educational advantages in school and industries , and a higher type of Christian life and worship . My first introduction into an intelligent idea of practical Christianity was at Fisk University . There , and at many similar institutions under the A. M. A ., may be found the epitome of a Christian home . Such schools furnish potent object lessons ; such are the factors of the problem in answer to the question of how to meet the needs of the colored women and girls , who are to preside over the homes of eight millions of people , who had no home twenty-three years ago . Washington , alone , has a population of eighty thousand colored people , and more than forty thousand of these are women and girls . It is said that the “ hand that rocks the cradle , rules the world . ” It matters not whether that hand be black or white , but it does matter whether that hand be intelligent or ignorant . They not only need the education of the schools to develop their minds , and industrial training to prepare their hands for the practical duties of life , but Christian education , such as is given in the schools of the Association . More than three thousand women and thousands of men have gone out under the A. M. A ., in school , home and church , for the uplifting , Christianizing and elevating of our people . Eternity alone will reveal the work that these Christian heroines and heroes have done in the Master 's name . The eleventh chapter of Hebrews would need be extended to give to them their rightful place in the role of achievements of faith . We need not wait for eternity , we now see some of the grand results ; their memory is already engraven upon the hearts , and their spirit infused into the life of thousands of educated colored young men and women , who have gone out among their people , carrying educated minds , trained hands and warm hearts , as an outgrowth of that labor which has not been in vain . This magnificent record of Christian endeavor and conquest has largely been made possible by the foresight , energy and fidelity of the many who have been and are at the head of the different departments of the A. M. A . How can the Association more fully meet these needs ? By continuing woman 's work for woman , through their Woman 's Bureau . Through this agency , ladies of the churches can furnish volunteers for the work and the base of supply . While we at the front are in the heat of the battle , you at home , through your missionary societies , young people 's meetings , and Sunday-schools , can aid us with your prayers , your sympathy , your gifts and service . Those in the larger churches can sustain a missionary in the field , and may it be said of all , both large and small , “ They have done what they could . ” Then we can sing , “ March on , and you shall gain the victory , March on , and you shall gain the day . ” My sisters , we must first be touched by the Spirit of the Master , and through him touch them . This work cannot be done perfunctorily or professionally . And now in conclusion allow me to thank you in behalf of the millions whom I represent , for the faithful work and practical sympathy already given , and appeal to you in his name , and through you to the thousands whom you represent , for a continuation of your Christian efforts and support , also for greater supplies and larger gifts to the treasury of the A. M. A ., that it may be able to furnish the laborers according to the demands of the growing needs of more than four millions of colored women and girls , who are trying to help themselves . Our lamented President Garfield said to the Jubilee Singers during their visit to Mentor : “ Ethiopia is not only stretching out her hand unto God , but God is stretching out his hand unto Ethiopia . ” We believe this , and that the time is coming when all races shall sing : “ O , brethren , rise and shine and give God the glory , For the year of Jubilee . ” RECEIPTS FOR NOVEMBER , 1888 . MAINE , $ 186. 96 . Augusta . North Parish Sab . Sch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. $ 3. 60 Bangor . W. S . Dennett , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 20. 00 Bangor . Y. M. C. A ., 9. 66 ; Miss Mary F. Duren , 1 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 66 Bath . Sab . Sch . of Central Ch ., for Mountain White Work 23. 00 Bluehill . “ A Friend ” 1. 00 Brewer . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Brunswick . Marshall Cram 10. 00 Falmouth . Ladies of First Cong . Ch ., for Freight to Williamsburg , Ky. 0. 50 Gorham . “ A Friend , ” bal . to const . MRS. HENRY J. LEAVITT L. M . 21. 00 Gorham . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 10 , for Selma , Ala ., 10 for Mountain White Work 20. 00 Gorham . “ Friend , ” for Mountain White Work 10. 00 Lyman . Cong . Ch . 4. 85 Machias . Gilbert Longfellow 10. 00 Orono . Cong . Ch . 15. 10 Patten . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 South Berwick . Mrs. Lewis ’ S. S. Class , for Wilmington , N. C. 3. 00 West Brooksville . Cong . Ch . 2. 25 NEW HAMPSHIRE , $ 430. 96 . Candia . John P. French and Mary E. C . French 200. 00 Exeter . Mrs. Samuel Hall , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Franklin Falls . Mrs. Stephen Kenrick 25. 00 Great Falls . Ladies , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 8. 20 Hinsdale . Cong . Ch . 11. 06 Keene . G. E . Whitney , 5 ; Mrs. C. Hatch , 4. 25 ; Rev . G. H . De Bevoise and other “ Friends , ” 4. 75 ; Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., 5 19. 00 Keene . C. D . Robertson , for Mountain White work . 1. 00 Nashua . First Cong . Ch . 47. 17 Nashua . “ Friends , ” 27 ; Ladies ’ Charitable Soc ., 10 for Dormitory , Brewer Normal Sch ., Greenwood , S. C. 37. 40 Newington . Cong . Ch . 4. 68 New Ipswich . Children 's Fair , for Freight to Straight U . 1. 10 Pelham . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 40. 40 Pembroke . Mrs. Mary Thompson , 10 ; Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 8 , for Wilmington , N. C. 18. 00 Raymond . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 11. 00 Tamworth . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 VERMONT , $ 159. 10 . Lunenburg . Charles W. King 15. 00 Norwich . William E. Lewis 5. 00 Springfield . “ Splinters of the Board , ” by Myrtle A. Ellison , Treas ., 2. 25 for Tougaloo U ., and 2. 25 for Indian M. 4. 50 Saint Johnsbury . South Cong . Ch . 64. 85 Swanton . Cong . Ch . 15. 65 Wallingford . Ladies of Cong . Ch . and Soc ., Bbl . of C .: Cash , 1 , by Miss C. M . Townsend , for McIntosh , Ga. 1. 00 Westminster West . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for McIntosh , Ga. 19. 10 West Rutland . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 6. 00 Vermont Woman 's Home Miss'y Union , by Mrs. William P. Fairbanks , Treas ., for McIntosh , Ga .: Castleton . Ladies , by M. K . Adams 3. 00 Dorset . W. H. M . Soc ., for School , Marshallville , Ga. 5. 00 Newport . Ladles of Cong . Ch . 20. 00 —— -  28. 00 MASSACHUSETTS , $ 7 , 332. 96 . Amesbury . Main St. Cong . Ch . 9. 87 Amherst . Members of Amherst College Ch . 45. 00 Andover . George W. W. Dove , for Tillotson C. and N. Inst . 25. 00 Arlington . Rev . R. B . Howard , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 2. 00 Boston . Shawmut Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Mrs. Emily P. Eayers 5. 00 “ Friend ” 4. 50 Daniel S Ford . for Laundry , Talladega C. 300. 00 Rev . C. A . Richardson , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 W. H . Emerson , for Sherwood , Tenn. 10. 00 Mrs. J. B. Potter , for Wilmington , N. C. 8. 00 A. A. Winsor , for Talladega C. 5. 00 Dorchester . Rev . Mrs. Houston , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 Miss Mary A. Tuttle , for Rosebud Indian M. 0. 50 “ Miss T ., ” for Indian M. 5. 00 Roxbury . Walnut Ave. Cong . Ch ., ad'l 10. 00 Somerville . Sab . Sch . of Franklin St . Ch ., for Student Aid , Santee Normal Sch . 40. 00 Mrs. N. B . Wilder , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 15. 00 West Somerville . Ladies ’ Aid Soc ., Box of Bedding , for Talladega C . ——— -  443. 00 Bernardston . Cong . Ch . 8. 00 Blackstone . Rev . L. M . Pierce 10. 00 Brimfield . First Cong . Ch . 8. 50 Brockton . Porter Evan . Ch . and Soc ., 69. 28 to const . HARRISON D. WILBUR and MISS MARY A. CHADBOURNE L. M . ' s ; Mrs. J. R. Perkins , 5 ; Mrs. S. A. Southworth , 2 76. 28 Brockton . Central Methodist Ch . Sab . Sch ., 5. 11 ; Mrs. O. M . Littlefield , 2 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 7. 11 Cambridge . Mem . First Ch . and Shepard Soc ., 50 ; MRS. J. RUSSEL BRADFORD , 15 , bal . to const . herself L. M . 65. 00 Cambridgeport . Mrs. J. D . Merriam , 50 ; Mrs. E. Kendall , 25 ; Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., 25 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 100. 00 Cambridgport . Y. P. S. C. E . of Pilgrim Ch . 7. 00 Campello . South Cong . Ch . 100. 00 Chelsea . Third Cong . Ch . 48. 98 Chelsea . Mrs. Mary A. Hallgreen , 5 ; Mr. Flanders , 5 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 Chester Center . D. B . Lyman 1. 00 Chesterfield . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Colerain . Mrs. Prudence B. Smith 5. 00 Curtisville . Cong . Ch . 20. 85 Dalton . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Williamsburg , Ky. 45. 00 Danvers Center . Sab . Sch . of First Ch ., for Atlanta , U . 11. 98 Dedham . First Cong . Ch . 105. 40 Dover . Ortho . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 10. 87 Dracut . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 East Bridgewater . Sab . Sch ., for Talladega C. 12. 50 East Cambridge . Miss Mary F. Aiken ( 3. 85 of which for Freight to Pleasant Hill , Tenn .) 5. 35 East Dennis . Union Sab . Sch ., for Talladega C. 5. 00 East Granville . Y. P. S . of C. E ., by John A. Gellett , Treas . 2. 50 Easthampton . First . Cong . Ch . 61. 07 East Taunton . Ev . Cong . Ch ., for Mountain White Work 5. 06 East Weymouth . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 28. 00 East Weymouth . Mrs. James Vining , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Enfield . Mrs. F. W . Kimball 's Primary Class , Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Rosebud Indian M. 5. 00 Essex . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 46. 00 Everett . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 30. 05 Florence . Florence Ch . 20. 00 Fitchburg . Cal . Cong . Ch . 50. 50 Fitchburg . Sab . Sch . of Rollstone Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Franklin . First Cong . Ch . addl . 9. 60 Franklin . —— for Wilmington , N. C. 2. 00 Hatfield . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 56. 21 Haverhill . A. P . Nichols , for Talladega C. 100. 00 Hinsdale . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Indl . Sch ., Williamsburg , Ky. 40. 40 Holbrook . Sab . Sch . of Winthrop Ch ., for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . 10. 00 Holliston . “ Bible Christians of Dist . No . 4 . ” 50. 00 Holliston . Rev . Geo . M. Adams , D. D ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 Holyoke . F. B . Jones , for Macon , Ga. 9. 50 Hyannis Port . Cong . Ch ., 6. 63 ; Sab . Sch ., 3. 36 ; Dr. W. J . Wright , 2. 01 , for Student Aid , Straight U . 12. 00 Ipswich . First Ch . 10. 00 Lakeville and Taunton . Precinct Ch . and Soc . 60. 00 Lanesville . William L. Saunders , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Lawrence . J. H . Eaton , for Talladega C. 5. 00 Leverett Y. P. S. C. E ., for Grand View , Tenn. 13. 00 Littleton . “ A Friend ” 50. 00 Lowell . R. Stevens 5. 00 Lynnfield Center . Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 33 , to const . REV . HARRY L. BRICKETT L. M . ; Cong . Sab . Sch ., 5. 10 38. 10 Ludlow . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Malden . Mrs. Mary D. Convers , for Laundry , Talladega , Tenn. 500. 00 Maplewood . Infant S. S. Class , for Wilmington , N. C. 1. 00 Marblehead . J. J. H . Gregory , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 66. 00 Melrose . Ortho . Cong . Ch . ad'l . 51. 69 Monson . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. 12. 00 Newburyport . Prospect St. Cong . Ch ., 273. 25 , to const CHARLES H. COFFIN , MRS. FRANCES E. COFFIN , REV . P. S . HULBERT , MRS. P. S . HULBERT and KATE CAMPBELL HURD , M. D ., L. M .' s . : North Cong . Ch . and Soc ., 30 303. 25 New Marlboro . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Newton . Eliot Mission Circle , for Rosebud Indian M. 5. 00 North Adams . Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Northampton . A. Lyman Williston 300. 00 Northampton . A. Lyman Williston , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 21. 00 Northampton . Geo . W. Cable 's Sab . Sch . Class . Edwards Ch . 75. 42 North Billerica . Mrs. E. R . Gould , for Sherwood , Tenn. 3. 00 North Brookfield . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill . Tenn. 25. 00 Northfield . Trin . Cong . Ch . 12. 00 North Weymouth . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 8 : Ladies of Cong . Ch ., 7 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 15. 00 North Weymouth . Sab . Sch . of Pilgrim Ch ., for Student Aid , Gregory Inst . 8. 00 Norton . Sab . Sch . of Trin . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Pepperell . “ Friends , ” 2 Bbls . C ., etc ., for Greenwood , S. C . Phillipston . D. & L. Mixter 2. 00 Pittsfield . A. A. Mills , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 13. 95 Plainfield . Mrs. Albert Dyer 5. 00 Randolph . Rev . J. C. Labaree , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 Reading . Cong . Ch . 18. 00 Reading . Miss E. A . White , Freight for Sherwood , Tenn. 2. 00 Rehoboth . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Salem . Sab . Sch . of Tabernacle Ch . 25. 00 Salem . “ Friends , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 2. 00 Southampton . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 50. 00 South Natick . John Eliot Ch . 14. 63 South Weymouth . Union Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Wilmington . N. C. 50. 00 Spencer . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 40. 00 Sudbury . Cong . Ch . 52. 42 Townsend . Ladies ’ Soc ., bbl . of C ., etc ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Townsend Harbor . By Helen E. Haynes , for freight to Greenwood , S. C. 2. 00 Uxbridge . Wm . H. Seagrave 25. 00 Ware . Young Men 's Class , Sab . Sch . East Cong . Ch ., for Indian Scholarship 35. 00 Walpole . Mr. & Mrs. Loring Johnson , for new building , McIntosh , Ga. 60. 00 Waltham . Trin . Cong . Ch . 21. 27 Wendell . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 6. 55 Wellesley . Wellesley College , Woman 's Christian Ass'n , for Library Fund , Macon , Ga. 40. 00 Wellesley College . Miss Marion Metcalf , for Indian M. 5. 07 Westfield . Mrs. M. A . Shurtleff . 5 ; Miss Elizabeth Phelps , 5 , for Jewett Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 10. 00 Westfield . Mrs. C. W . Fowler , Box of C ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Westford . “ A Friend ” 5. 00 West Medway . Dorcas Soc . Third Cong . Ch ., 10 : Ladies ’ Char . Soc . Third Cong . Ch ., 5 , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 15. 00 West Springfield . Miss Mary W. Southworth , for Student Aid , Fisk U . 50. 00 Whitinsville . Cong . Ch . and Soc . ( 300 of which for Mountain Work , Tenn .) 1 , 077. 73 Whitinsville . Cong . Ch ., for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 15. 00 Williamstown . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Fisk U . 20. 00 Williamstown . South Cong . Ch . 15. 50 Winchendon . First Cong . Ch ., 11 ; and Sab . Sch ., 20. 79 31. 79 Winchendon . Y. P. S. C. E . of Cong . Ch ., ( 3 of which for freight to Grand View , Tenn .) 7. 82 Winchester . First Cong . Ch . ( 25. 08 of which for Indian M .) 52. 68 Wollaston . Cong . Ch ., 16. 35 ; Friend , 50 cts 16. 85 Worcester . Central Ch ., 141. 35 ; Summer St. Mission Chapel Ch ., 6. 40 147. 75 Worcester . Piedmont Ch ., for Paris , Tex . 61. 86 Worcester . Primary and Intermediate Depart 's . Piedmont Sab . Sch ., for church building , Roxton , Texas 50. 00 Worcester . Union Cong . Ch ., for Indian M. 75. 00 Worcester . Ladies of Union Ch ., for Indian Scholarship 20. 50 Worcester . Infant Class of Central Ch ., for Student Aid , Lincoln Normal Inst ., Marion , Ala. 8. 00 Worcester . “ Friend , ” for Rev . J. R. McLean , Paris , Texas 5. 00 ——. “ A Friend , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 50. 00 Hampden Benevolent Association , by Charles Marsh , Treas . : East Granville $ 10. 00 Ludlow 17. 64 Monson 35. 42 South Hadley Falls 31. 29 Springfield . First 20. 00 Westfield . Second 19. 20 West Springfield , Park St. 18. 00 ———— 146. 55 $ 5 , 832. 96 ESTATES . Medfield . Estate of Mrs. Abigail Cummings , for education , instruction and improvement of the Colored population of the South 1 , 000. 00 Phillipston . Estate of Trowbridge Ward , by James Watts , Ex . 500. 00 $ 7 , 332. 96 CLOTHING , BOOKS , ETC . RECEIVED AT BOSTON OFFICE . Falmouth , Me . First Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., for Williamsburg , Ky . South Berwick , Me . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., Bbl ., for Wilmington , N. C . New Ipswich , N. H. Cong . Sab . Sch . and Mrs. L. A. Obear , Case , for Straight U . Pittsfield , N. H. By S. G. French , Bbl . and Box , for Marion , Ala . Auburndale , Mass . Mrs. Johnson , 2 Packages . Cambridgeport , Mass . Pilgrim Ch ., Case Comfortables , Val . 20 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Dorchester , Mass . Ladies of Harvard Ch ., 2 Bbls ., for Selma , Ala . Ipswich , Mass . Ladles ’ Benev . Soc . of First Ch ., Bbl ., Val . 25. for Oaks , N. C . Marshfield Mass . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc . of First Cong . Ch ., 2 Bbls ., Val . 48. 25 Millbury , Mass . Miss Emily S. Ewell , Box , for Mrs. J. T . Ware , Atlanta , Ga . Phillipston , Mass . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., and Mrs. Annie S. Sawyer , 2 Boxes . Reading , Mass . E. A . White , Bbl ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Somerville , Mass . Young People 's Miss . Circle of Day St . Ch ., Bbl ., val . 92. 75 , Box . val . 75 , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn . Townsend Harbor , Mass . By Helen E. Haynes , Bbl ., for Greenwood , S. C . Winchendon . Mass . Y. P. S. C. E ., Case , for Grand View , Tenn . RHODE ISLAND , $ 525. 54 . Bristol . First Cong . Ch . 45. 91 East Providence . S. Belden . 75. 00 Hughsdale . Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 4. 28 Kingston . Cong . Ch . 36. 22 Providence . Beneficent Cong . Ch . 75. 00 Thornton . Union Cong . Sab . Sch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 2. 75 Westerly . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 33. 96 Providence . Churches , by G. E . Luther : Beneficent Cong . Ch . 48. 40 Central Cong . Ch . 85. 75 Union " 70. 80 Pilgrim " 15. 65 North " 7. 80 Plymouth " 5. 22 Park Place , Pawtucket Cong . Ch . 8. 15 Pawtucket . Cong . Ch . 15. 65 ——— 252. 42 CONNECTICUT , $ 2 , 239. 19 . Abington . Cong . Ch ., to const . MISS ALTHEA M. LORD L. M . 35. 50 Canaan . —— 1. 00 Chester . Cong . Ch . 37. 00 Clinton . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 57. 47 East Hampton . Philo . Bevin , 25 ; Dea . S. Skinner , 10 ; A. H. Conklin , E. C . Barton and H. H . Abbe , 65 , for Talladega C. 100. 00 Ellsworth . Cong . Ch . 9. 50 Granby . Cong . Ch . 3. 75 Guilford . First Cong . Ch ., to const . MISS CALLIE F. DAVIS L. M . 30. 00 Guilford . “ Wigwam Club , ” First Cong . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p , and to const . CATHARINE L. GRISWOLD , L. M . 30. 00 Haddam Neck . Cong . Ch . 2. 00 Hartford . Pearl St. Cong . Ch ., 72. 48 ; Asylum Hill Cong . Ch ., “ A Friend , ” 10 ; “ A Friend , ” 1 83. 48 Hartford . C. A . Jewell , 25 ; Roland Mather , 25 ; John C. Parsons , 5 ; J. S . Wells , 5 ; “ R. D ., ” 5 ; “ Amicus , ” 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 50 cts ., for Jewett Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 85. 50 Kensington . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., 30 , to const . MRS. GEORGE L. TAYLOR L. M . ; Mayflower Mission Circle , 5 , for Tougaloo U . 35. 00 Mansfeld . Mrs. N. J. Stevenson , for Indian M. 5. 00 Meriden . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 25. 00 Middlebury . Cong . Ch . 20. 57 Middletown . First Ch ., 116. 50 ; South Cong . Ch ., 52. 59 169. 09 Middletown . Benj . Douglass , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 10. 00 Milton . Cong . Ch . 13. 00 Mount Carmel . Cong . Ch . 35. 36 New Britain . First Cong . Ch ., for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 50. 00 New Britain . Sab . Sch . of South Ch ., for Indian M. 25. 10 New Canaan . Woman 's Home Miss'y Soc . of Cong . Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 26. 00 New Haven . Mrs. E. G . Cady , 30 , to const . MISS MARY LUCY JEWETT L. M . ; Howard Ave. Cong . Ch ., 7. 66 , for Jewett Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 37. 66 New Haven . Miss Fannie Skinner , 6 Silver Forks , for Teachers ’ Home , Macon , Ga . Newington . Cong . Ch . 40. 50 North Branford . Cong . Ch . 16. 68 Norwich . Mrs. Mary B. Holyoke , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 25. 00 Norwich Town . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., 17. 90 ; Rev . W. B . Clark . 50 cts ., for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 18. 40 Old Lyme . Ladies of Cong . Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 20. 00 Plainville . “ King 's Daughters , ” for Student Aid , Talladega C. 4. 00 Plantsville . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Atlanta U . 32. 06 Plymouth . George Langdon , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 10. 00 Salisbury . Proceeds of Fair by the King 's Daughters , by Mrs. John C. Goddard , for Decatur , Ala. 25. 00 Southington . Geo . B. Finch 1. 00 Southport . “ Friends ” in Cong . Ch ., for Out-Station , Grand River , Indian M. 186. 00 Southport . “ Friends , ” 90 ; “ Friends , ” 75 , for Grand River , Indian M. 165. 00 Stonington . Miss Anne Williams Hill 's S. S. Class , for Talladega C. 8. 00 Stratford . Cong . Ch . 25. 12 Thomaston . Cong . Ch . 35. 10 Thomaston . H. M. Soc . of First Cong . Ch ., for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 30. 00 Thompson . Cong . Ch . 17. 05 Thompson . Cong . Ch ., collected by Miss Julia Shaw , for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 30. 75 Torringford . Cong . Ch . and Soc . 11. 00 Vernon . Cong . Ch . 13. 55 Washington . Cong . Ch ., by S. J . Nettleton , for Student Aid , Santee Normal Sch . 25. 00 Wauregan . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., by Carrie Fellows , for Conn. Ind'l Sch ., Ga. 8. 00 Westminster . Rev . S. B . Carter and Wife . 10. 00 Winsted . David Strong , for Theo . Dept ., Talladega C. 25. 00 ——. “ A Friend ” 500. 00 ——. “ A Conn . Friend ” 80. 00 NEW YORK , $ 4 , 826. 43 . Alfred Center . Mrs. Ada F. Kenyon 5. 00 Amsterdam . D. Cady 10. 00 Ashland . Rev . O. B . Hitchcock 5. 00 Binghamton . First Cong . Ch . 53. 08 Blodgett Mills . Miss E. C . Nason , Bbl . of Papers , for Savannah , Ga . Brooklyn . Stephen Ballard , for Ballard Sch . Building , Macon , Ga. 2 , 060. 00 Brooklyn . Stephen Ballard , for Student Aid 144. 00 Brooklyn . Stephen Ballard , for Student Aid , Atlanta U . 40. 00 Brooklyn . Miss J. E . Prentiss ’ Sab . Sch . Class , Ch . of Pilgrims . for Indian Scholarship 70. 00 Brooklyn . Lee Ave. Cong . Ch . 13. 75 Brooklyn . Lee Ave. Cong . Ch ., Infant Class “ Birthday offerings , ” for Williamsburg , Ky. 10. 00 Brooklyn . Mayflower Mission Sab . Sch ., for Williamsburg , Ky. 5. 00 Brooklyn . Rev . T. L . Cuyler , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 10. 00 Elmira . Park Ch ., for Grand View , Tenn. 50. 00 Fredonia . Miss Mary F. Lord 5. 00 Ithaca . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch ., for Indian Sch'p . 27. 70 Marion . “ Friend . ” 1. 00 Massena . Second Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 18. 00 Medina . M. P . Lyman 1. 50 Mexico . E. Wheeler 1. 00 New Haven . Cong . Ch ., to const . DEA . EDWARD W. ROBINSON L. M . 34. 00 New York . Gen. Wager Swayne . 50 ; Ralph Wells , 25 , for Talladega C. 75. 00 New York . H. P . Van Liew , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 Orient . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 12. 50 Schenectady . Mrs. J. W . Chute , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 ——. “ A Friend , ” for Jenkins Chapel , Talladega , Ala. 6. 00 Woman 's Home Missionary Union of N. Y ., by Mrs. L. H . Cobb , Treas ., for Womans ’ Work : Churchville . Ladies ’ Aux . 10. 00 Homer . Mrs. Coleman Hitchcock 5. 00 Homer . Ladies ’ Aux . 1. 00 —— -  16. 00 $ 2 , 683. 48 ESTATES . Brooklyn . Estate of Alfred S. Barnes , for Fisk U . 925. 00 New York . Estate of W. E . Dodge , for Theo . Student Aid 150. 00 Ransomville . Estate of John Powley 1 , 067. 95 $ 4 , 826. 43 NEW JERSEY , $ 222. 99 . Arlington . Arlington Mission Band , for Savannah , Ga. 1. 00 Chester . “ A Friend of Missions , ” for Mountain White Work 30. 00 East Orange . Grove St. Cong . Ch . 19. 10 Montclair . D. O . Eshbaugh , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 30. 00 Montclair . Young Ladies Miss'y Soc ., Bbl . of C ., for Meridian , Miss . Morristown . Woman 's Indian Ass'n , for Indian M. 20. 00 Newark . Belleville Ave. Cong . Ch . 107. 89 Newark . Rev . J. M . Whitin , for Prize in English Composition , Talladega C. 15. 00 PENNSYLVANIA , $ 29. 00 . Franklin . Sab . Sch . of M. E . Ch ., for Wilmington , N. C. 8. 00 Guy 's Mills . Mrs. F. Maria Guy 2. 00 Lansford . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Montrose . Mrs. D. T . Brewster , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 1. 00 New Milford . H. A . Summers 5. 00 Philadelphia . A. L . Elwyn , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 1. 00 Saire Oaks . Miss Jane Wilson 2. 00 OHIO , $ 612. 18 . Alexis . Cong . Ch . 6. 00 Canfield . Cong . Ch . 10. 10 Claridon . First Cong . Ch ., 33. 65 ; L. T . Wilmot , 10 45. 65 Claridon . Ladies ’ Benev . Soc . ; Pkg . sheets and quilts , for Tougaloo U . Cincinnati . Walnut Hills Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch . 86. 63 Cleveland . “ In Memory of J. M. F . and H. B. F . ” , 50 ; Cong Ch . and Sab . Sch ., 21. 90 ; Union Cong . Ch ., 2 73. 90 Hampden . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Hicksville . E. M. Ensign 10. 00 Lenox . Cong . Ch . 3. 00 Napoleon . Mrs. N. B . Palmer 1. 00 New Richland . Mrs. Elizabeth Johnston 2. 00 North Bloomfield . F. O . Reeve 5. 00 Oberlin . Second Cong . Ch . 85. 20 Oberlin . Rev . C. V . Spear , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 5. 00 Parisville . Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch . 27. 05 Radnor . Edward D. Jones 5. 00 Ruggles . Cong . Ch . 18. 65 Wauseon . Cong . Ch . 25. 00 Ohio Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Phebe A. Crafts , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Harmar . Ladies ’ Oak Grove Miss . Band 5. 00 Hudson . W. H. M. S . 5. 00 Ravenna . Cong . Ch . Miss . Band . 30. 00 ——— -  40. 00 $ 452. 18 ESTATE . Tallmadge . Estate of Rev . John Seward , by Wm . H. Upson , Ex . 160. 00 $ 612. 18 INDIANA , $ 9. 00 . Fort Wayne . Cong . Ch . 9. 00 ILLINOIS , $ 724. 06 . Aurora . Mrs. J. L . Greenfield , for Chinese M ., and to const . S. H . SHERWOOD , MRS. H. H . BONSLOUGH and MRS. J. E . GREENFIELD L. M . ' s 100. 00 Camp Point . Mrs. S. B . McKinney 12. 00 Chicago . First Cong . Ch ., 149. 88 ; O. B . Green , 125 ; Rev . Arthur Little , D. D ., 25 ; E. F. Parr , 15 314. 88 Chicago . Bethany Cong . Ch ., for Printing Dept , Santee Ag ., Neb . 8. 10 Chicago . Estate of Dea . Philo Carpenter , by Rev . J. E . Roy , Trustee , Box of books etc ., for Talladega C . Danville . First Presb . Sab . Sch , 14. 10 ; Col. Candler , 5 : Mrs. C. M . Young , 2 ; Mrs . A. M. Swan , 2 ; Mrs. Crane , 50c , for Talladega C. 20. 00 Danville . H. M. Kimball , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 20. 00 Dover . Cong . Ch . 31. 50 Elmwood . Cong . Ch . 21. 15 Lyndon . J. M . Hamilton 1. 00 Napersville . “ Friends ” for Sch'p Endowment Fund , Fisk U . 21. 08 Paxton . George L. Shaw 3. 00 Pecatonica . Seward Cong . Ch . 34. 25 Plainfield . Mrs. A. E . Hagar 5. 00 Polo . Miss Emma R. Pearson , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 50 Rockford . Miss Gracie Morton , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 1. 00 Stillman Valley . Lovejoy Johnson 25. 00 Illinois Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. C. E . Maltby , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Ashkum 2. 91 Alton . for Mt . White Work 20. 01 Chicago . New England Ch . 42. 00 Oak Park 13. 00 Danvers . “ Busy Bees ” 5. 00 ——— 82. 91 MICHIGAN , $ 295. 12 . Battle Creek . J. B. Chapin , M. D . 1. 00 Calumet . Sab Sch . Cong . Ch . for Theo . Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Clinton . Cong . Ch . 12. 25 East Gilead . Rev . L. Curtis 1. 60 Galesburg . Cong . Ch . 23. 00 Hancock . Ladies ’ Miss'y Soc ., Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Union City . First Cong . Ch ., 100. 87 : I. W . Clark , 100 200. 87 Wheatland . Cong . Ch . 1. 40 Whittaker . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 IOWA , $ 319. 27 . Atlantic . Bear Grove Cong . Ch . 0. 50 Cedar Falls . Cong . Ch ., adl 3. 00 Chester Center . Cong . Ch . 15. 50 Clinton . Cong . Ch . 15. 00 Des Moines . North Park Ch ., 12. 30 , and Sab . Sch . 2 14. 30 Edgewood . Cong . Ch . 2. 75 Fort Dodge . Cong . Ch . 12. 10 Grinnell . Cong . Ch ., 11. 36 ; Sab . Sch . Concert , Cong . Ch ., 14. 28 25. 64 Grinnell . Mrs. J. B. Grinnell , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 10. 00 Hawarden . Cong . Ch . 4. 47 Independence . Rev . W. S . Potwin , for Student Aid , Talladega C. 25. 00 Monticello . Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Montour . Cong Ch ., to const . MRS. J. G . CRONK L. M . 31. 82 Muscatine . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 20. 00 Newton . Cong . Ch . 19. 96 Sioux Rapids . Cong . Ch . 3. 14 Strawberry Point . Cong . Ch . 2. 75 Tipton . Woman 's Miss'y Soc . of Cong . Ch . 7. 50 Iowa Woman 's Home Missionary Union for Woman 's Work : Dubuque . L. M. S . 25. 00 Dubuque . Y. L. B. S . 18. 00 Des Moines . L. M. S . Plym . 5. 27 Fairfield . W. M. S . 2. 20 Lyons . L. M. S . 7. 53 Magnolia . W. H. M. U . 4. 25 Osage . L. M. S . 3. 20 Shenandoah . —— 2. 78 ——— 68. 23 WISCONSIN , $ 165. 09 . Beloit . Mrs. C. M . Nelson , Box of C ., for Sherwood , Tenn . Clinton . Cong . Ch . 37. 18 Emerald Grove . “ Friends ” for Marion , Ala. 0. 50 Lake Geneva . Y. P. M . Soc ., for Student Aid , Fisk U . 25. 00 Leeds . Cong . Ch . 10. 50 Milton . Cong . Ch . 5. 00 Racine . Mrs. Canfield Sith 20. 00 West Salem . Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Whitewater . Cong . Ch ., 31. 54 ; Sab . Sch . Cong . Ch ., 11. 37 42. 91 Windsor . Cong . Ch . 20. 00 MINNESOTA , $ 187. 18 . Minneapolis . Plymouth Ch . 20. 00 New Richland . Ladies , Box of C ., for Jonesboro , Tenn . Northfield . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Talladega C. 59. 93 Saint Paul . “ Members and Friends ” Pacific Cong . Ch ., to const . REV . E. C . EVANS L. M . 30. 00 Saint Paul . H. B . Ayres , for Jewett Mem . Hall , Grand View , Tenn. 75. 00 Saint Paul . S. S. Class , for Talladega C. 2. 25 MISSOURI , $ 138. 05 . Laclede . Miss Clara A. Seward , for Woman 's Work 2. 00 Saint Joseph . Tabernacle Cong . Ch . 25. 30 Saint Louis . Wm . Humphrey , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 10. 00 Webster Groves . Cong . Ch . 100. 75 KANSAS , $ 14. 45 . Burlingame . “ A Friend . ” 1. 00 Meriden . J. Rutty 10. 00 Stockton . First Cong . Ch . 3. 45 DAKOTA , $ 43. 50 . Chamberlain . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch . 4. 00 Jamestown . Mrs. M. S . Wells 3. 50 Rapid City . “ A Friend . ” 2. 00 Ree Heights . Olive Branch Mission Band , by Nettie Galloway 1. 00 Yankton . Sab . Sch . of First Cong . Ch . 20. 00 Dakota Woman 's Home Missionary Union , by Mrs. Sue Fifield , Treas ., for Woman 's Work : Henry . W. M. S . 5. 00 Sioux Falls . W. M. S . 5. 00 Vermillion . W. M. S . 3. 00 ——— -  13. 00 NEBRASKA , $ 2. 20 . Red Cloud . Cong . Ch . 2. 20 COLORADO , $ 124. 10 . Brighton . Presb . Ch ., for Student Aid , Tillotson C. and N. Inst . 14. 00 Denver . First Cong . Ch . 46. 60 Denver . Ladies ’ Aid Soc ., 50 ; Zion Bapt . Sab . Sch ., 3. 50 , for Student Aid , Tillotson C. and N. Inst . 53. 50 West Denver . Sab . Sch . of Cong . Ch ., for Student Aid , Tillotson C. and N. Inst . 10. 00 CALIFORNIA , $ 15. 50 . Eureka . First Cong . Ch . 10. 00 Riverside . Mrs. D. C. Parsons ’ S. S. Class Cong . Ch ., for Talladega C. 5. 50 OREGON , $ 12. 50 . Forest Grove . First Cong . Ch . 12. 50 WASHINGTON TERR ., $ 5. 00 . Roy . Mrs. Eliza Taylor 5. 00 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , $ 8. 82 . Washington . Lincoln Mem . Ch . 8. 82 KENTUCKY , $ 1. 66 . Woodbine . Rev . E. H. Bullock 1. 66 TENNESSEE , $ 43. 00 . Crossville . G. Walton 2. 00 Nashville . Rev . P. A . Chase 10. 00 Pleasant Hill . “ A Friend , ” 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 5 ; “ A Friend , ” 1 ; “ A Friend , ” 10 ; Rev . Mr. Vincent and Others , 10 , by Rev . B . Dodge , for Pleasant Hill , Tenn. 31. 00 NORTH CAROLINA , $ 27. 50 . Salem . Cong . Ch . 1. 50 Strieby . Cong . Ch . 8. 50 Troy . S. D . Leak 0. 50 Wilmington . Miss H. E . Fitts , 11 ; Miss A. E . Farrington , 6 ; for Wilmington , N. C. 17. 00 GEORGIA , $ 1. 50 . Marietta . Cong . Ch . and Sab . Sch ., 75c each 1. 50 ALABAMA , $ 2. 00 . Marion . Miss Estelle Lovelace , for tuition of a little girl , Lincoln Normal Inst . 2. 00 TEXAS , $ 42. 50 . Austin . Rev . H. L . Hubbell , D. D . 15. 00 Helena . Cong . Ch . 27. 40 CANADA , $ 15. 00 . Montreal . Chas . Alexander 5. 00 Sherbrooke . Mrs. H. J . Morey 10. 00 Donations $ 14 , 959. 26 Estates 3 , 802. 95 $ 18 , 762. 21 INCOMES , $ 1 , 822. 72 . Avery Fund , for Mendi M. 128. 97 De Forest Fund , for President 's Chair , Talladega C. 481. 25 Hammond Fund , for Straight U . 62. 50 Hastings Sch'p Fund , for Atlanta U . 12. 50 Howard Theo . Fund , for Howard U . 615. 00 Tuthill King Fund , 125 for Atlanta U. and 75 for Berea C. 200. 00 Le Moyne Fund , for Memphis , Tenn. 162. 50 Luke Mem . Sch'p Fund , for Talladega C. 10. 00 Plumb Sch'p Fund , for Fisk U . 50. 00 Stone Sch'p Fund , for Talladega C. 25. 00 Sch'p Fund , for Straight U . 45. 00 Rev . J. and Lydia Dawes Wood Sch'p Fund , for Talladega C. 25. 00 Yale Library Fund , for Talladega C. 5. 00 ———— $ 1 , 822. 72 Total for November $ 20 , 584. 93 ======== SUMMARY . Donations 31 , 261. 99 Estates 3 , 961. 29 $ 35 , 223. 28 Incomes 1 , 822. 72 Total from Oct. 1 to Nov. 30 $ 37 , 046. 00 ========== FOR THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY . Subscriptions for November $ 51. 90 Previously received 20. 25 Total $ 72. 15 H. W . HUBBARD , Treasurer , 56 Reade St , N. Y .